<doc id="19276243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276243" title="Penny Colman">
Penny Colman

Penny Colman is an author of books, essays, stories, and articles for all ages. In 2005, her social history, "Corpses, Coffins, and Crypts: A History of Burial," was named one of the 100 Best of the Best Books for the 21st Century by members of the Young Adult Library Services Association (YALSA), a division of the American Library Association (ALA).
Early life.
Penny Colman was born Penelope Granger Morgan on September 2, 1944, in Denver, Colorado, to her father, Norman Charles Morgan, and her mother, Marija (known as Maritza) Leskovar Morgan. She lived in Seattle, Washington, Portland, Oregon, and Lexington, Kentucky, before her parents settled in north Warren, Pennsylvania, in 1949. Here, Colman, her parents, and her three brothers, all lived on the grounds of Warren State Hospital, a mental hospital where her father worked as a psychiatrist.
In 1953, when Colman was nine years old, her parents bought a farm from the hospital. This same year, Colman's mother joined the staff of the local newspaper as a photographer and journalist and her father began writing a weekly column, "Everyday Psychology," for several newspapers.
In 1962, Colman graduated from high school and in the fall she attended Western College for Women in Oxford, Ohio. After two years of college, Colman dropped out of college and decided to hitchhike through Europe. After she returned from Europe, her older brother Jon died from viral pneumonia at the age of twenty and her father died three years later from terminal cancer.
Despite hardship, Colman graduated from The University of Michigan; earned a master of arts in teaching from Johns Hopkins University. Then she married Robert "Bob" Colman and had three sons, Jonathan, and twins; David and Stephen. After twenty-five years, Colman and her husband were divorced. She now lives and writes in Englewood, New Jersey.
Non-fiction writing genre.
Colman writes predominantly in the genre of nonfiction and most often about women. She attributes her interest in the genre to parental influence. During Penny Colman’s youth, her mother worked as a newspaper photo-journalist and Colman accompanied her on various assignments. Colman’s father, a psychiatrist, wrote a weekly column that appeared in several newspapers. Immersed in these experiences during her formative years, she developed a belief “that nonfiction is a valuable vehicle for sharing true stories and discussing issues and ideas”. Throughout her childhood, Colman enjoyed family visits to museums, historical sites, and landmarks igniting an interest in history that continues today. She recognized the void in the historical record of women’s accomplishments and their subsequent impact on the nation (USA). She has written twelve nonfiction books concerning women’s struggles, achievements and contributions beginning to fill that void. Her latest book, "Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony: A Friendship that Changed History" due for release March 2011, continues the effort. In her book, "Adventurous Women: Eight True Stories about Women Who Made a Difference," Colman defines her objective in this manner, “My intent is not to replace men but to add women (4). All of her books require extensive and meticulous research conducted solely by Colman and often includes “shoe leather research”. She meshes historical information with her signature page-turning writing style to offer engaging stories for readers of all ages. Colman explains her motivations for becoming a writer, "I became a writer because there are things that I have to say. Things that I have to write. Things that I feel passionate about, such as the importance of thinking and learning, of equality and justice, and of sharing and caring".
"Rosie the Riveter: Women Working on the Home Front in World War II" received the Orbis Pictus Honor Award for Outstanding Nonfiction and an International Reading Association’s Teachers’ Choice and Young Adult Choice.
Her book of essays, "Adventurous Women: Eight True Stories About Women Who Made A Difference", was named a Notable Trade Book.
Since 2003, Colman has been a distinguished lecture at Queens College, the City University of New York. Her academic writings include, “A New Way to Look at Literature: A Visual Model for Analyzing Fiction and Nonfiction Texts,” Language Arts, 2007.
She was honored by the New Jersey State Legislature for books and public appearances that have “contributed to the advancement of women.”
Notable works.
"Adventurous Women: Eight True Stories about Women Who Made a Difference", is a collection of eight enriching and inspirational stories of pioneering 19th century women. The book provides a rich and compelling look at the heroic lives of eight American women from racially and ethically diverse backgrounds who defied the odds to become historic figures. Adventurous Women profiles are Louise Boyd, Arctic explorer; Mary Gibson Henry, botanist; Juana Briones, Hispanic landowner; Alice Hamilton, medicine pioneer; Mary McLeod Bethune, educator, Katherine Wormeley, Civil War nurse, and Peggy Hull, reporter. The book details how all eight women rose above the gender stereotypes and social limitations of their time to achieve immeasurable success in their respective fields.
The book is a favorite among critics for young readers because of its easy to read style and focus on little known women history. "Adventurous Women" is listed on several independent and library reading lists for school age readers.
"Corpses, Coffins, and Crypts: A History of Burial" is an illustrated social history of the subjects of death and burial across cultures written by Penny Colman. The comprehensive text, enriched with true stories both humorous and poignant, includes a list of burial sites of famous people, images in the arts associated with death, fascinating epitaphs and gravestone carvings, a chronology and a glossary, and over a hundred black-and-white photographs, most of which were taken by the author.. It was named one of the 100 Best of the Best Books for the 21st Century.
"Rosie the Riveter: Women Working on The Home Front In World War" II is an illustrated social history of the lives and contributions of women workers during World War II written by Penny Colman. There are more than sixty archival black-and-white photographs (including one of Norma Jeane Baker Dougherty, who later changed her name to Marilyn Monroe), famous posters, advertisements, and cartoons. The author explains the origins of the phrase “Rosie the Riveter.” There are a Select List of Women’s Wartime Jobs, Facts & Figures about Women War Workers, Chronology, and an extensive bibliography. Rosie the Riveter received the Orbis Pictus Honor Award for Outstanding Nonfiction and an International Reading Association’s Teachers’ Choice and Young Adult Choice.
Awards.
"Awards for Rosie the Riveter: Women Working on the Home Front in World War II"
"Awards for Girls: A History of Growing up Female in America"
"Awards for Where the Action Was: Women War Correspondents in World War II"
"Awards for Toilets, Bathtubs, Sinks and Sewers: A History of the Bathroom"
"Award for A Woman Un-afraid: The Achievements of Frances Perkins"
"Award for Mother Jones and the March of the Mill Children"
"Award for Strike!: The Bitter Struggle of American Workers from Colonial Times to the Present"
"Additional Honors"

</doc>
<doc id="19276273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276273" title="Big Bluegrass Special">
Big Bluegrass Special

Big Bluegrass Special is the début album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1962 by Capitol Records.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States)
Big Bluegrass Special did not chart.
Singles - Billboard (United States)
Release history.
The 1996 CD reissue of "Big Bluegrass Special" included the bonus tracks "Divorce Me C.O.D" and "Dark As A Dungeon".

</doc>
<doc id="19276283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276283" title="Montgomery Tahsil">
Montgomery Tahsil

Montgomery Tahsil was an administrative subdivision of Montgomery District in Punjab province of British India. The tahsil was located between 30°16' and 31°2' N. and 72°27' and 73°26'E on both banks of the Ravi River, with an area of 1,472 square miles.
The population according to the census of 1901 was 76,573, compared with 93,648 in 1891, a decrease of almost 20,000. The decrease being due to migration into the Chenab Colony. The tahsil contained the towns of Montgomery (1901 population, 6,602), the headquarters, and Kamalia (6,976); and 218 villages. The land revenue and cesses
in 1903-4 amounted to Rs. 78,000.
The greater part of the tahsil was uncultivated. It included on the south a narrow strip of the Sutlej valley, from which it rises abruptly into the desert uplands lying between the old banks of the Beds and the Ravi. Farther north lie the Ravi lowlands, interspersed with great stretches of jungle, and, beyond the river, sloping gently upwards towards the fertile plateau irrigated by the Chenab Canal. Cultivation is confined to the lands along the river, and a few scattered patches round the wells elsewhere. The scanty cultivation accounted for the low density of population, 52 persons per
square mile.

</doc>
<doc id="19276290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276290" title="Jasper A. Maltby">
Jasper A. Maltby

Jasper Adalmorn Maltby (November 3, 1826 – December 12, 1867) was a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He participated in two important campaigns in the Western Theater, including the Vicksburg Campaign in 1863. A talented gunsmith, Maltby was the inventor of one of the first telescopic sights.
Early life and career.
Maltby was born in 1826 in rural Kingsville, Ohio, where he was educated in the common schools. He participated in the Mexican War as a private in the 15th U.S. Infantry. He was wounded in action on September 20, 1847, during the Battle of Chapultepec. He was honorably discharged from the service on August 3, 1848, and settled in Chicago. He subsequently moved to Galena, Illinois, and became a gunsmith, living in a room above the shop with his wife and son.
Civil War service.
With the outbreak of the Civil War, Maltby enlisted as a private in the 45th Illinois Infantry (known as the "Lead Mine Regiment") on December 26, 1861. He was elected as the regiment's lieutenant colonel that same day. He participated in the 1862 attack on Fort Donelson in Tennessee, and was wounded in the elbow and both thighs. He was eventually shipped home to Galena to recuperate. After his recovery, he was promoted to colonel. 
The following year he commanded his Illinois troops in Ulysses S. Grant's operations against the Confederate defenses of Vicksburg, Mississippi. Maltby was again wounded during an attack on Fort Hill on June 25. Union troops had tunneled under the 3rd Louisiana Redan and packed the mine with 2,200 pounds of gunpowder. The resulting explosion blew apart the Confederate lines, while troops from John A. Logan's division of the XVII Corps followed the blast with an infantry assault. Maltby's 45th Illinois charged into the diameter, deep crater with ease, but were stopped by recovering Confederate infantry. The Union soldiers became pinned down while the defenders rolled artillery shells with short fuses into the pit with deadly results. Maltby suffered severe injuries to his head and right side and never fully recovered, but was able to continue in the army.
He was promoted to brigadier general on August 4, 1863. On September 8, he took command of the 3rd Brigade, 3rd Division, of the XVII Corps in the Army of the Tennessee. For much of 1864, his brigade was in the 1st Division of the Department of Vicksburg, but for part of summer was temporarily commanded by Colonel John H. Howe while Maltby recovered from complications from his Vicksburg wounds. Maltby's Brigade remained in Vicksburg throughout the year while much of the army fought in northern Georgia and later in Tennessee.
Postbellum career.
When the war ended in 1865, Maltby remained in Vicksburg in the Regular Army. He served as the city's military governor from September 6, 1867, until December 12 when he stepped down due to illness. Maltby died ten days later in Vicksburg from either yellow fever or a cardiac arrest. His body was returned to Galena and buried there in Greenwood Cemetery.
His brother William H. Maltby was the captain of a Confederate artillery battery and was taken as a prisoner of war in a skirmish on Mustang Island along the Texas Gulf Coast. Jasper Maltby used his influence to get his brother released and sent to Vicksburg until he could be exchanged.

</doc>
<doc id="19276312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276312" title="Nathaniel Ayers">
Nathaniel Ayers

Nathaniel Anthony Ayers, Jr. (born January 31, 1951) is an American musician. He is the subject of numerous newspaper columns, a book, and a 2009 film adaptation based on the columns. A foundation bearing his name was started in 2008 with an aim to support artistically gifted people with mental illness.
School and breakdown.
Ayers began playing the double bass during middle school. He attended the Juilliard School in New York as a double bassist, but suffered a mental breakdown during his third year and was institutionalized. Ayers was one of the few black students at Juilliard at that time.
For some years he lived with his mother in Cleveland, Ohio, where he received electroconvulsive therapy for his illness to no avail. After his mother's death in 2000, he moved to Los Angeles, thinking that his father lived there. Homeless and schizophrenic, Ayers lived and played music on the streets.
"The Soloist".
"Los Angeles Times" columnist Steve Lopez met Ayers at Pershing Square in 2005, and discovered his background at Juilliard. Lopez wrote several columns about his relationship with Ayers, and Nathaniel's slow transition out of homelessness. Lopez's subsequent book, "The Soloist: A Lost Dream, an Unlikely Friendship, and the Redemptive Power of Music", was based on his relationship with Ayers.
The book has been adapted into a film and a play titled "The Soloist", released April 24, 2009 with Jamie Foxx and Robert Downey Jr. in the lead roles. In the film, Ayers is depicted as a cellist, rather than a bassist.
Ayers and Lopez's relationship was also nationally highlighted in the March 22, 2009 episode of "60 Minutes" on CBS.
The Nathaniel Anthony Ayers Foundation.
His sister, Jennifer Ayers-Moore, is the Chairwoman and Founder of the Nathaniel Anthony Ayers Foundation.
The Foundation, launched in 2008, began with Jennifer’s desire to help what she and Nathaniel hope will be thousands of people. An endowment will be set up to continue their ability to keep the public awareness about mental health at the forefront of the nation's consciousness. The NAAF will facilitate the appreciation of the contributions that artistic expression make to the advancement of wellness and treatment, collaborate with mental health and arts organizations to identify and exhibit the work of the artistically gifted, and to provide for grants to worthy nonprofit organizations that embody the mission of the foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19276314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276314" title="Robert Grimston (cricketer)">
Robert Grimston (cricketer)

The Honourable Robert Grimston (born 18 September 1816 at Mayfair, London; died 7 April 1884 at Gorhambury House, Hertfordshire) was an English amateur cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Oxford University and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), making 63 known appearances in first-class matches from 1836 to 1855.
He was a right-handed batsman (RHB).
Family.
Grimston was the fourth son of James Grimston, 1st Earl of Verulam. Three of his brothers James, Edward and Francis all played first-class cricket, as did his nephews Walter Grimston and Lord Hyde.

</doc>
<doc id="19276320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276320" title="Patrick O'Byrne">
Patrick O'Byrne

Patrick O'Byrne (born 1954 in Dublin) is a New Zealander pianist of Irish descent.
Life.
Born in Dublin, raised in New Zealand. Pianistic studies at Auckland University with Janetta McStay, then in Europe as a Scholar of the Queen Elizabeth II Arts Council of New Zealand and the DAAD. Teachers included Kendall Taylor and Vlado Perlemuter. Studies completed at the Hochschule für Musik Freiburg with Rosa Sabater. First Prize José Iturbi International Piano Competition 1983. Concert appearances in world centres, soloist with New Zealand Symphony Orchestra, RTÉ Symphony, Bochumer Sinfonikern, New York Virtuosi etc. under Charles Groves, Franz-Paul Decker, Kenneth Klein, Albert Rosen and many others. Masterclasses in USA, South America, Asia and Europe; adjudicator at international competitions. Recordings for television, radio and on CD. Repertoire embraces all styles.
O'Byrne won the III José Iturbi competition in 1983. He settled in Germany. In 1985 was appointed Professor at the State University of Music and Performing Arts Stuttgart where he was later Vice Chancellor. Since April 2002 Professor at the University of the Arts Bremen.

</doc>
<doc id="19276325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276325" title="Enuani dialect">
Enuani dialect

Enuani is an Igbo dialect spoken in Nigeria by some Igbo people of Delta State, Onitsha, Obosi and Ogbaru in Anambra State and Ndoni in Rivers State. The Enuani dialect is generally similar to the Igbo dialect of Anambra State. Enuani is tonal like the rest of Anioma dialects and is particularly related to the standard Igbo pronunciation in many regards. The Enuani dialect is the dominant Igbo dialect in Delta State.
Areas of concentration.
Enuani is one of the four major Igbo dialects spoken by the Anioma people (predominantly based in Aniocha and Oshimili Areas) in Delta north with the rest of this dialects being Ukwuani and Ika language, Olukwumi, Igala, Esan (Nigeria). The area of concentration of these people mostly comprises Ibusa, Asaba, Ogwashi-Uku, Illah, Issele-Uku, Issele-Azagba, Okpanam, Ubulu-uno, Ubulu-Uku, Ubulu-okiti, Ashaba Ubulu-uno, Oko commnunities, Ejeme-Aniogo, Onicha-Ugbo, ugbolu, Idumuje-Uno, Idumuje-Ugboko, Onicha-Uku, Onicha-Olona and the rest of them. This dialect as spoken in all of these areas are homogeneous in accent and mutually intelligible. It is also remarkable that this dialect has natural standardized orthography and has gained wider acceptance linguistically.

</doc>
<doc id="19276329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276329" title="2005 United Kingdom general election result in Merseyside">
2005 United Kingdom general election result in Merseyside

These are the collated results of the United Kingdom general election, 2005 in the metropolitan council area of Merseyside.
For individual results see Results of the United Kingdom general election, 2005.
See also.
For other collated results see;

</doc>
<doc id="19276341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276341" title="Ultimate Collection (Joe Cocker album)">
Ultimate Collection (Joe Cocker album)

Ultimate Collection is a compilation album by Joe Cocker, released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="19276342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276342" title="Ursuline College, Westgate-on-Sea">
Ursuline College, Westgate-on-Sea

Ursuline College (formerly Ursuline Convent School) is a Catholic Sports College located in Westgate-on-Sea, in north-east Kent, England, United Kingdom. Aimed at pupils aged 11 to 19, the college is based within the Ursuline and Catholic ethos, aiding and teaching its pupils within this regime.
History.
The school in Westgate-on-Sea was established in 1904 when a group of Ursuline Sisters fled Boulogne-sur-Mer with a number of their pupils. Although their school in Boulogne-sur-Mer had existed since 1624, laws passed in France had made it impossible for the Sisters to continue their work of Christian education in France.
Initially the school was set up as a boarding school for girls, meeting the needs of parents working in the Colonies or serving in the Forces. The school was based on the Ursuline movement, or, moreover, the Ursuline Community, which in turn was inherited from the actions of Angela Merici in Italy in 1535.
In 1995, following the sudden closure of the neighbouring St Augustine’s College (a Catholic independent day and boarding school for boys), the school became coeducational.
In mid-1998, due to social and local pressures from members of the prospective public, the school was reborn as an aided comprehensive for children aged 11 to 19. A separate school, St. Angela's, was born out of this disconnection, still providing a private education for its younger students.
Over the ensuing decade, the school became increasingly involved with sport, specifically football and netball, and in 2006 became a Catholic Comprehensive Specialist Sports College.
Ursuline mission statement and sisterhood.
As part of the Ursuline regime, the school's mission statement includes the promotion of a generic positive regime and environment for its students.
Furthermore, the college relishes its sisterhood with the Ursulines and maintains good working relations with the other colleges, which can include foreign student exchange programs.
Campus.
The school includes the grade II listed Hatton House, which was built in 1886 as the home of William Jarrett, a tea planter and a chapel and cloisters constructed of Kentish ragstone.
The school is currently made up of four buildings (and a fifth for St. Angela's Junior School):

</doc>
<doc id="19276351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276351" title="St Cyprian's Church, Hay Mills">
St Cyprian's Church, Hay Mills

St. Cyprian's Church, Hay Mills is a parish church in the Church of England in Hay Mills, Birmingham, England. It is situated on the southern side of the main Birmingham to Coventry Road A45 at the end of a lane called the Fordrough which leads to the factory of Webster & Horsfall Ltd. It has long been associated with the Horsfall family who built the church and continue to be its owners. Built in the 19th century of red brick in the Gothic Revival style it is dedicated to St Cyprian the third century martyr and Bishop of Carthage who although coming from a wealthy background gave away a portion of his wealth to the poor of Carthage, he was beheaded by the Romans in 258. The church is now Grade II listed.
History.
James Horsfall was a wire drawer from Digbeth who invented high tensile steel wire. He moved to Hay Mill, a disused blade and sword factory at a water mill on the River Cole, rebuilding it as a steam-driven mill. The mill originally belonged to Hay Hall in Tyseley. In 1855 his company merged with Joseph Webster's of Penn Mill, Sutton Coldfield. He was a major manufacturer and exporter of the piano wire to Europe in 1824. In 1853 Horsfall had patented a heat treatment process which strengthened the wire. This led to improved piano wire (giving a near monopoly), wire for making needles in Redditch, fishhooks, and umbrella frames. The firm made the armoured wire for first successful transatlantic telegraph cable in 1866, using 30,000 miles of wire (1600 tons), made by 250 workers over 11 months. The strengthened wire also made possible the construction of aeroplanes and automobiles. The company today also makes springs.
Horsfall built houses and, in 1860, a schoolroom for his workers’ children. This was subsequently converted into a Chapel, the present school room which stands beside the church was built in 1863. The services for the chapel were conducted by the senior curate of Yardley and in 1866, Sunday evening services were held and a Sunday School started for the children. In the following year, six buttresses were erected and two stone crosses were fixed to the apex of the roof. In 1869 the organ and organ chamber were added. In 1873 the foundation stone was laid and work began to incorporate the former chapel as the present chancel. To this, designed by Frank Barlow Osborn but often wrongly ascribed to Martin & Chamberlain, and built by William Partridge was added the nave, the side ailses, the gallery, porch, tower, spire and vestries. The church was consecrated in 1878 and the first Church Council was elected in 1899 consisting of twelve members of the church, in addition to the Vicar, Churchwardens and six Sidesmen. During the Second World War in 1940 the building was damaged by enemy action but not beyond repair.
Architecture.
The church, in the Gothic style, is of red brick with a minimum use of black brick and stone dressings; it has a tile roof. It consists of a Nave, with a hammer beam roof, large plate tracery, clerestory windows and low, narrow aisles to North and South, whose bays are demarcated each by buttresses with a single lancet window, a chancel, with a barrelled roof, at the West end, vestries with a gallery above. In the South West corner there is a porch tower with a slated broach spire with 2 tiers of lucarnes it contains a bell bearing the date 1749. It was the former tannery bell, and was given to St Chad's, built by St Cyprian's and demolished in 1984, from where it went to St Cyprian's. In the South East corner is the Horsfall mortuary chapel, added in 1877 in memory of his daughter, Elizabeth Horsfall and now the resting place of James Horsfall and his family. This is in the tradition and position of a medieval chantry chapel for the saying of prayers or masses for the benefactor or founder of a church or abbey. In the tympanum above the entrance there is a sculpture of the transfiguration, or perhaps the Ascension.
Stained Glass.
Inside, a set of excellent stained glass windows. being of good-quality, intact and an extensive scheme of stained glass, designed by Hardman & Co.
who were also responsible for the stained glass in the Houses of Parliament.
Those in the North aisle are illuminated allowing them to viewed despite them having no natural light being enclosed as a security measure. The restoration was made possible by a donation from a late parishioner and the windows blessed at Easter 2010 with the following words;" Almighty and eternal God, we give you thanks and praise for these stained glass images of your saints. For as often as we look on these images with our bodily eyes, As we look at them may we consider the actions of your saints and think about their sanctity for our inmitation. Bless and sanctify these windows made in honour and in memory of your only begotten Son, our Lord Jesus Christ and of these saints. We also remember our faithful servant John Ellison in whose memory these lights were re-installed. May the light of Christ always shine in our hearts. Amen"
West Front.
By ascending to the galley the stained glass of the West front can be viewed near at hand. The top circular window shows a dove symbol of the Holy Spirit which came to the disciples at Pentecost.
There are then three large lancet windows.
The left window has at the top pictures of the birth of Christ and below the Annunciation to Mary.
The centre window has at the top St Cyprian engaged in preaching and below his martyrdom by being beheaded as a distraught clergyman holds his vestments.
The right window has at the top the presentation of Christ to the temple above and below the adoration of the magi.
South Aisle.
Moving towards the Horsfall Chapel there are 5 lancet windows with depictions of five of the apostles St Bartholomew, St Philip, St James, son of Alphaeus, St Paul and St Peter.
North Aisle.
Here in the lancet windows are depictions of the other 7 apostles and the Virgin Mary St Simon, St Jude, St Thomas, St Matthew, St Andrew, St James, son of Zebedee, St John, and Virgin Mary the illumination of these windows was restored in 2009 and they can now be seen in all their splendour.
Clerestory Windows.
The North clerestory windows contain representaions of female saints, while those on the South side contain their male counterparts.
South Clerestory.
From the rear, West to East, front.
1st Window
Left St Alban, the first British Christian martyr,
Centre St George, engaged in slaying the dragon,
Right St Edmund King, King of the East Angles holding an arrow symbolic of his being shot for refusing to deny his Christian faith.
2nd Window
Left St Cuthbert, holding a head in his hands,
Centre St Benedict, holding a book probably containing his Monastic Rule followed by Benedictine monks.
Right St Germanus.
3rd Window
Left St Ethelbert, King who received Augustine and was converted by him,
Centre St Augustine, consecrated as Archbishop of the English and established his see at Canterbury around 598,
Right St Bennet Biscop.
4th Window
Left St Cyprian, carrying the axe by which he was martyrd and is recognised,
Centre St Edward the Confessor,
Right St Chad, holding in his hands the Cathedral at Lichfield which he founded and where he died in 672.
5th Window
Left Venerable Bede, holding a book symbolic of his work Ecclesiastical History of the English People,
Centre St Oswald, the first of the English royal saints,
Right St Dunstan, appointed Bishop of Worcester in 957.
6th Window
Left St Stephen, holding stones as a reminder that he was stoned to death in AD 34-35,
Centre St Gregory, wearing the triple crown of the Pope and holding open a book of chants as he reformed the services of the church. In 595 he sent Augustine to lead a mission, usually known as the Gregorian mission, to Britain to convert the pagan King Æthelberht of Kent to Christianity. Right St Laurence, with a grid iron symbolising his martyrdom by being burned to death.
North Clerestory.
1st Window
Left St Bertha, Queen of Kent whose influence led to the introduction of Christianity to Anglo-Saxon England. She was canonized as a saint for her role in its establishment during that period of English history. Augustine owed much of his favorable reception to the influence of Bertha
Centre St Helen, mother of the Emperor Constantine
Right St Margaret of Scotland wife of Malcolm III known for her goodness to the poor and orphans.
2nd Window
Left St Frideswide, holding a book as the Patron Saint of Oxford University
Centre St Walburgh,
Right St Winefride. seen holding a head as a symbol of her martyrdom.
3rd Window
Left St Edith crowned and holding a crook symbolic of her royal lineage but who chose to be a humble nun.
Centre St Hilda Abbess of Hartlepool but the glass misnames her as St Chad, probably the result of repairs following wartime damage.
Right St Etheldreda again crowned and with a crook she was abbess of Ely.
4th Window
Left St Barbara crowned and with a chalice and a castle, the patron saints of artillery and dangerous trades. She was imprisoned in a tower which was broken open by a thunderbolt.
Centre St Lucy with a lamp and a dish of a pair of eyes. She consecrated her virginity to God, refused to marry a pagan, and had her dowry distributed to the poor. Her would-be husband denounced her as a Christian to the governor of Syracuse, Sicily. Miraculously unable to move her or burn her, the guards took out her eyes with a fork. Patron saint of the blind her name derives from Lux meaning light.
Right St Faith the grid iron symbolises her death by burning.
5th Window
Left St Cecilia Patron Saint of Music pictured with an organ
Centre St Catherine associated with the Catherine wheel on which she was tortured.
Right St Agnes with a lily the symbol of chastity.
6th Window (none of the names are preceded by the title St but all are).
Left St Dorcas raised from the dead by St Peter.
Centre St Lydia was the first recorded convert to Christianity in Europe.
Right St Lois the maternal grandmother of Timothy, she is commended by Paul for her faith here she is depicted carrying an open book in which are the words " Let thy saints rejoice in goodness".
7th Window
Left Santa Maria Mag (Mary Magdalene) with the alabaster pot containing the oil with which she annoited the feet of Jesus.
Centre St Anne mother of Mary again incorrectly named St Hilda.
Right Santa St. Elizabeth cousin of Mary and the mother of John the Baptist.
Font and Pulpit.
There is also a lovely font of a white marble angel holding a large shell, by S, Ruddock, London the monument, dedicated to Horsfall's daughter, Mrs Mary Simms upon whom the face of the angel is believed to be modelled on.
The inscription upon it reads,
"Erected to the memory of Mary Elizabeth Simms the only and dearly beloved daughter of James and Elizabeth Horsfall - Sept-1879. "
"In life beloved, in death lamented"
The pulpit is supported by three figures. One is recognizable by the key symbol he holds as St Peter, one by his dress as a Bishop as St Cyprian and the last by the symbols of a book and a broken sword as St Paul.
Memorials.
In the South aisle, a plain oak memorial contains 111 names, dedicated "To the memory of the men of this church and Parish who laid down their lives in the Great War 1914-1918, Faithful Unto Death", another to six members of the 23rd Birmingham Company The Boys Brigade killed during the Second World War and two memorials for members of the Horsfall family who died on military service. One to James Andrew Coldwell Horsfall, Lance Corporal Royal Irish Rangers who died in a military accident saving the lives of 9 comrades in 1973. Another to Flying Officer, George David Coldwell Horsfall, Royal Air Force, who went missing from operations over the French coast on the night of 15 May 1944.
There are also two brass plate memorials here
Beneath the lancet window of St Jacobus (James, son of Alphaeus)
Beneath the lancet window of St Paulus (St Paul)
Situated in the North aisle is a private First World War Memorial to Captain Joseph Arthur Brearley and his brother Norman Blackburn Brearley, son's of Harry and Annie Brearley, of 225, Charles Rd., Small Heath, Birmingham. Arthur, after being educated at King Edwards Grammar, Handsworth and Emmanuel College, Cambridge, became a schoolteacher in Exeter and joined the 1/6th Cyclists Battalion of the Devonshire Regiment in April 1914. He became attached the Special Co N Royal Engineers whose role was the firing of gas canisters onto enemy trenches. He was killed on 20 June 1917 during the Battle of Messines Ridge, and the Battalion War diary records, ""Gas discharged on Jackdaw and Jam Avenue. Observations from the front line indicates that drums burst well and a good cloud was formed over enemy trenches. Considerable hostile artillery retaliation on front line and C.T.'s. Golden rain,double red and double green lights were used extensively by the enemy. Whole operation including preparation 3 killed 11 wounded."" He was 27 and had been with N company just over a month.
His brother, Norman Blackburn Brearley was with A company, 9th Battalion Royal Warwickshire Regiment and was killed in action on 19 April 1916. The battalion War Diary records at 0700 whilst attacking a Turkish Trench at Beit aiessa, on the right hand bank of the Tigris. He was seen to be hit during the charge and fell in marshy ground, the water rose and he, and others with him, were drowned before aid could reach them. He was 22 and is commemorated on the Basra Memorial.
There is the following inscription on their memorial
They died that we might live in freedom. This tablet is erected by their parents
Also in the north aisle are three brass plate memorials to the Spawforth family.
Vicars.
List Of Vicars.
To the rear of the church there is a wooden board containing a list of the vicars of St Cyprian's placed there in 1973 to mark the centenary of the church.
Organ.
The church formally contained an organ by Bryceson, the specifications of which can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register. However, this was replaced in the 1960s with an electronic organ by Compton.
It bears a plaque with the following inscription "To commemorate with grateful thanks the rebuilding of this organ through the generosity of church members and friends. Also the restoration of the woodwork by Alan Pipe and Albert Dixon."
Present activities.
St Cyprian's remains open and has an active congregation contributing to missions in Africa and elsewhere. Anglican services of Holy Communion will be presided at by the Vicar Rev. Roy Anetts at 8.00am and 10:30 am on Sunday with other regular events throughout the week including the "Grapevine" Ladies Group, Bible Study Group and Morning prayers. 
Special events are organised throughout the year such as Bingo afternoons, concerts in the church, day retreat visits to a local convent and a history day organised in May saw over 100 visitors to the church. 
St Cyprians has a modern church hall, situated nearby available for hire, which is also used by religious groups of different faiths.
A small memorial garden in front of the church which was renovated and replanted by volunteers from the congregation during the summer of 2009 and blessed by the retiring vicar Tony Johnson in April 2010.
Please click on the achurchnearyou link for up to date events and contact details.

</doc>
<doc id="19276353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276353" title="Whitaker House">
Whitaker House

Whitaker House is a charismatic, theologically conservative, evangelical Christian publishing house in New Kensington, Pennsylvania, just east of Pittsburgh. Their stated mission is "To advance God's kingdom by providing biblically based products that proclaim the power of the gospel and minister to the spiritual needs of people around the world."
The distribution arm of the business now exists as Anchor Distributors, and both branches of the company operate from the same physical building and headquarters. Whitaker's warehouse distributes over 25,000 different products.
Noted Authors.
A partial list of Whitaker House's notable authors follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19276364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276364" title="Estonian National Defence College">
Estonian National Defence College

The Estonian National Defense College (ENDC; Estonian: Kaitseväe Ühendatud Õppeasutused) is an institution of applied higher education for national defense in Tartu, Estonia.
ENDC mission is to train and educate regular officers for the Estonian Defense Forces and National Defense League, as well as for other military institutions. The ENDC has established in Estonia a national reputation for expertise in military research and development.
A challenging academic program by the ENDC provides a balanced education in military and civilian subjects designed to provide a solid military foundation for officer-training, meeting the intellectual and mental requirements necessary for service as a military leader in the Army. The academic staff members of the ENDC are supported by members of the academic community from leading universities throughout Estonia. In order to provide the Army with professional and well-trained officers, the ENDC has a highly modern training environment and living conditions.
Officer training.
The Estonian National Defense College offers the first level and, since the 2005/2006 study year, the second level of military higher education.

</doc>
<doc id="19276365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276365" title="Kris S.">
Kris S.

Kris S. (foaled April 25, 1977 - May 7, 2002) was an American Thoroughbred race horse who is best known as a highly successful sire.
Background.
Kris S. was a son of the 1972 Epsom Derby winner Roberto who was a sire of international influence descending from the Hail to Reason branch of the Nearco sire line. Kris S.'s dam was Sharp Queen, a daughter of two-time North American Champion Sire and seven-time Champion Broodmare Sire Princequillo.
Racing career.
Kris S. was raced by Kris S. Robillard, whose father bought the horse for her and gave it her name. The colt won two races at age two, but an injury limited his racing career to just five starts, including a win in the ungraded Bradbury Stakes at age three. In 1982 he was sent to stand at stud at Meadowbrook Farms in Florida, where he remained until 1993 when he was moved to Prestonwood Farm (now Winstar Farm) in Versailles, Kentucky.
Stud record.
A highly successful stallion, Kris S. sired 63 stakes winners and had lifetime progeny earnings of over $50 million. Among the horses he sired were five Breeders' Cup winners, of which three were voted an Eclipse Award:
Kris S. also sired two-time Japanese Horse of the Year Symboli Kris S and the 2003 Epsom Derby winner, Kris Kin. In addition, he sired major stakes winners Rock Hard Ten, Kissin Kris, Machikane Allegro, Dr Fong, Kudos, You and I, Adonis, Class Kris, Evening Kris, Cheval Volant, Stocks Up, and Arch. He also sired Vertigineux, honored by the association of Kentucky Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders (KTOB) as "Broodmare of the Year" in April 2009.
Kris S. is the damsire of War Chant, winner of the 2000 Breeders' Cup Mile, Life is Sweet, winner of the 2009 Breeders' Cup Distaff and Zenyatta, the first female to win the Breeders' Cup Classic.
Kris S. was euthanized in May 2002 and was buried at WinStar Farm. His last crop of foals was born the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="19276379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276379" title="Francis Grimston">
Francis Grimston

The Reverend Honourable Francis Sylvester Grimston (born 8 December 1822 at Gorhambury, Hertfordshire; died 28 October 1865 at Wakes-Colne, Essex) was an English amateur cricketer.
Career.
Francis Grimston was educated at Harrow and Magdalene College, Cambridge. At Cambridge, he was a member of the University Pitt Club. As a cricketer, he was mainly associated with Cambridge University and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), making 18 known appearances in first-class matches from 1843 to 1851. He was a wicket-keeper.
He later became a clergyman, and was vicar of Wakes Colne from 1846 to 1865.
Family.
Grimston was the sixth and youngest son of James Grimston, 1st Earl of Verulam. Three of his brothers James, Edward and Robert all played first-class cricket, as did his nephews Walter Grimston and Lord Hyde.

</doc>
<doc id="19276392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276392" title="Snowshoe Lava Field">
Snowshoe Lava Field

The Snowshoe Lava Field is a volcanic field associated with the Mount Edziza volcanic complex in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is on the southern end of the Big Raven Plateau and is an area of young lava flows.
Volcanoes.
The volcanoes within the field include:

</doc>
<doc id="19276419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276419" title="Haljala Parish">
Haljala Parish

Haljala Parish () is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Lääne-Viru County. It has a population of 2858 (2000) and an area of 183.02 km².
Populated places.
Small borough.
Haljala
Villages.
Aaspere - Aasu - Aaviku - Auküla - Essu - Idavere - Kandle - Kavastu - Kisuvere - Kõldu - Kärmu - Lihulõpe - Liiguste - Pehka - Põdruse - Sauste - Tatruse - Vanamõisa - Varangu - Võle
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Haljala Parish is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="19276420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276420" title="Emil Barth">
Emil Barth

Emil Barth (Heidelberg, 23 April 1879 - Berlin, 17 July 1941) was a German Social Democratic metal worker who became a key figure in the German Revolution of 1918. 
Barth joined the anti-war Independent Social Democratic Party (USPD) in 1917, and became leader of the revolutionary shop stewards in January 1918. He was one of six members of the Council of the People's Deputies (Rat der Volksbeauftragten) created on 10 November 1918 in Berlin to govern Germany after Kaiser Wilhelm II had abdicated and the Republic had been proclaimed by Karl Liebknecht and Philipp Scheidemann. Three members of the Council were Majority Social Democrats (Ebert, Scheidemann and Landsberg), and three were Independent Social Democrats (Haase, Dittmann and Barth). While the former two USPD commissioners were moderate and interested in conciliation with the MSPD, Barth was the most left-wing, associated with Karl Liebknecht, who refused to serve on the Council because it had a non-revolutionary majority. 
That same day, 10 November, Barth first acceded to Ebert's plan to place the revolutionary soldiers back under the command of their (counter-revolutionary) officers, but then changed his position in a drawn-out but stormy speech later that evening. The soldiers should not submit to the old "discipline" of their officers. Many heeded Barth's call, and the revolution gained momentum during November. On 29 December 1918, Barth and the other USPD members resigned from the Council to protest Ebert's use of army regulars to disperse a 24 December demonstration by revolutionary sailors demanding back pay. The Council then added two MSPD members, Noske and Wissell, and began calling itself Reich Government.
Although he became somewhat more moderate by the end of 1918, Barth had always been the Council's most radical member, calling on workers, for instance, not to 'debase the revolution to a movement for wages,' since that would merely ameliorate conditions, making fundamental change less likely (in an article in "Die Rote Fahne", 28 November 1918). In 1920 Barth published his memoirs as "From the Workshop of the Revolution", in which he claimed that the USPD had worked toward fomenting revolution against the German war machine already years earlier, and portrayed himself somewhat grandiosely as a major leader. That book was later (for instance in the 1925 Dolchstoss-Trial) used as evidence that the left had undermined the war effort. 
In 1921/22 Barth became a member of the SPD when the MSPD and USPD merged into one party again. (He did not join the more radical Communist Party KPD, which had split from the USPD in early 1919.) He held some speeches for the SPD during the 1920s, and was arrested several times during the Nazi period after 1933. He died in 1941.
Works.
Possible Work (there is another author with the same name, a minor poet and novelist who lived from 1900 to 1958)
Secondary Literature.
Contemporaries' Accounts
Scholarly Works

</doc>
<doc id="19276429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276429" title="Culture of Abkhazia">
Culture of Abkhazia

Abkhazia ( "Apsny," "Apkhazeti" or "Abkhazeti, " "Abkhazia") is a "de facto" independent, partially recognised country lying on the eastern coast of the Black Sea, its southern border. It is bordered by Russia to the north, and Georgia to the east recognised by Russia, Nicaragua, Venezuela, and the "de facto" independent republics of South Ossetia and Transnistria, in which context it is referred to as the Republic of Abkhazia with Sukhumi as its capital.
Religion.
The population (including all ethnic groups) of Abkhazia are majority Orthodox Christians and Sunni Muslims. Most of the ethnic Armenians living in Abkhazia belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church. However, most of the people who declare themselves Christian or Muslim do not attend religious services. There is also a very small number of Jews, Jehovah's Witnesses and the followers of new religions. The Jehovah's Witnesses organization has officially been banned since 1995, though the decree is not currently enforced.
According to the constitutions of Georgia, Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia and de facto Republic of Abkhazia the adherents of all religions (as well as atheists) have equal rights before the law.
Abkhazia is recognized by the Eastern Orthodox world as a canonical territory of the Georgian Orthodox Church, which has been unable to operate in the region since the War in Abkhazia. Currently, the religious affairs of local Orthodox Christian community is run by the self-imposed "Eparchy of Abkhazia" under significant influence of the Russian Orthodox Church.
Education.
Children in Abkhazia begin their education at the age of 6, and graduate at 17. Abkhazia currently has 1 university.
Sport.
Football was the most popular sport in Abkhazia during Soviet times. The main club of the republic, Dinamo Sukhumi, played mostly in the lower leagues of Soviet football. However, Abkhazia produced several football talents who played in the top Georgian team FC Dinamo Tbilisi and in other Soviet teams. Natives of Abkhazia Vitaly Daraselia, Nikita (Mkrtych) Simonian, Avtandil Gogoberidze, Niyazbey Dzyapshipa, Giorgi Gavasheli, Temuri Ketsbaia and Akhrik Tsveiba were among the most prominent footballers of the Soviet Union.
The majority of Abkhazia's population have Russian citizenship so Abkhazian sportsmen participate in international competitions as Russian citizens. They had their biggest successes in boxing (2005 European Champion David Arshba; 2006 Russian Championship prize-winner Aslan Akhba) and freestyle wrestling (2006 American Airlines Freestyle Wrestling Tournament winner Denis Tsargush]).
"Sukhum" basketball club plays in the Southern Division of the First League (fourth tier of the Russian basketball system).

</doc>
<doc id="19276445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276445" title="Upland rice">
Upland rice

Upland rice is rice grown on dry soil. Most rice is grown in flooded rice paddies.
Introduction.
Nearly 100 million people now depend on upland rice as their daily staple food. Almost two-thirds of the upland rice area is in Asia. Bangladesh, Cambodia, China, India, Indonesia, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam are important producers.
Upland rice is grown in rainfed fields prepared and seeded when dry, much like wheat or maize. The ecosystem is extremely diverse, including fields that are level, gently rolling or steep, at altitudes up to 2,000 metres and with rainfall ranging from 1,000 to 4,500 mm annually.
Soils range from highly fertile to highly weathered, infertile and acidic, but only 15 percent of total upland rice grows where soils are fertile and the growing season is long.
Many upland farmers plant local rices that do not respond well to improved management practices -- but these are well adapted to their environments and produce grains that meet local needs.
Although the rice technology of the 1960s and 70s focused on irrigated rice, farmers in the uplands were not forgotten. Researchers produced cultivars adapted to poor soils, and with improved blast resistance and drought tolerance. Some have outyielded traditional rices by more than 100 percent in evaluations. Scientists at national agricultural research systems have crossed these improved rices with local cultivars and farmers are now beginning to grow the progeny. But more improvements are needed to meet the new challenges.
Upland rice farmers' challenges.
New challenges are emerging in the world's upland rice farming areas, where already some of the world's poorest farmers try to wrest a living from fragile soils that are fast being degraded.
Population growth, the demands of urbanism and industry, and the increasing adoption of high value cash crop farming in the surrounding lowlands are leading to strong competition for upland terrain.
The uplands have traditionally suffered from drought and infertile soils, weeds and plant diseases. Soils there have been badly eroded and degraded as a result of the slash-and-burn agriculture that for many years followed logging. This, in turn, destroys the watershed, producing problems in the lands below.
Already the new upward pressures are resulting in a movement toward permanent agriculture and intensification of land use in upland areas. Those involved find themselves faced -- in addition to the usual upland problems -- with an urgent need to conserve the soil and the diversity of plant species, and to cope with increasingly frequent and severe weed and disease infestations.
Fighting the Blast fungus.
Recently, scientists have been improving their knowledge of the genetics of resistance to the Blast fungus, one of the most damaging diseases of rice, and are using the techniques of biotechnology to develop cultivars with more durable disease resistance.
In the uplands, blast is particularly important because the environment favors its proliferation. Although many traditional upland cultivars show stable resistance to this disease under low-input cropping practices, they have other characteristics that make them difficult to use in intensified systems. So the risk from blast increases as cropping practices intensify and improved varieties are introduced.
IRRI scientists have been working with colleagues in the Upland Rice Research Consortium to better understand pathogen populations and to identify resistance genes found in some cultivars. Armed with this knowledge, they are working with IRRI's upland rice breeder to combine such genes with other desirable traits for incorporation into new upland varieties.
Consortium scientists are also trying to understand how upland rice farmers' cropping systems contribute to soil erosion, with the aim of proposing possible erosion control techniques. Studies in the Philippines have shown, for example, that hedgerows of trees, shrubs and grasses along hill contours can help reduce soil erosion up to 90 percent. Rice or other crops are planted between these strips of permanent ground cover.
Leguminous plants in hedgerows make substantial amounts of atmospheric nitrogen available to both riceplants and annual crops and recycle other nutrients and organic matter.
Such legumes can simultaneously increase farmers' incomes and contribute to sustainability of the farming system.
The importance of weeds.
Weeds are the most serious biological constraint to upland rice production. IRRI scientists are pursuing projects on managing weeds with less herbicide use. One approach is to search for rice plant species that exhibit a characteristic known as allelopathy. Allelopathic plants can affect the growth of nearby plants through the production of biological compounds they release into the environment. If an allelopathic rice -- or other plant species -- could be found that could inhibit the growth of weeds important in rice production, it might be possible through genetic engineering to develop rice cultivars that would provide their own weed control.
Most weed species also are victims of their own diseases. Purposeful application of the agents of such diseases to weed pests among rice crops could constitute another approach to weed control.
Researchers from IRRI, Maejo University and Chiang Mai University launched a study in 1993 of the interactions between weeds, crop environmental conditions, and farmers' practices in upper northern Thailand. The goals are to understand the diversity of farmers' practices and decisionmaking processes and to grade the factors that limit rice crop yields.
IRRI scientists are also studying how fertilizer and cultural practices influence weed communities. In one project on phosphorus management, they are investigating how weed communities change as soil fertility is improved over time in the Philippines, Indonesia, and Thailand.
Riceplant cultivars differ in their ability to compete with weeds in the field. Scientists in the Philippines tested the competitiveness of a dozen cultivars against weeds to help farmers choose the most highly competitive one. By planting this cultivar and enhancing its competitive ability through good management practices, farmers should be able to reduce the number of handweedings necessary while achieving maximum yields.
Improving soil fertility.
Research on farms in Thailand, Laos and the Philippines has confirmed what scientists had long suspected: that a lack of phosphorus in upland farms is limiting rice crop yields. Their suspicions arose from the fact that many highly weathered upland soils are inherently low in phosphorus and are acidic.
But the scientists found that the lack of phosphorus will limit production even if calcium is added to the soil to overcome the acidity, or if acid-tolerant cultivars are planted. Rotations of rice and legumes could lead to stable, higher value production, they concluded. But first it is necessary to ensure by adding phosphorus that soil quality does not degrade over time.
Eventually, the investment in soil inputs should pay off as added phosphorus exceeds crop needs and as other nutrients such as carbon and nitrogen are better cycled and used.
Breaking the acid barrier.
The acidity present in the subsoil of many upland areas prevents plant roots from reaching the moisture and nutrients therein, thus reducing crop yield. Adding lime to the subsoil is not practical, but in 1994 IRRI and Indonesian scientists began experiments to see if components of lime applied to the soil surface could be leached down into the subsoil. This would be done by manipulating soil chemistry and using deep-rooted, acid-tolerant rice cultivars to help capture the leached components.
At present they are studying the processes that govern the rate of leaching of lime components and their accumulation in the subsoil. They plan then to construct mathematical models that will be used to develop practical technologies and to indicate under what conditions the technologies might be effective.
The experiments began at the Upland Rice Research Consortium site at Sitiung, Indonesia. French collaborators from l'Institut francais de recherche scientifique pour le developpement en cooperation are planning similar experiments in Thailand and Vietnam.
A perennial upland rice plant?
A rice plant that would not have to be planted annually could help reduce erosion by providing a permanent ground cover. Perenniality exists in several wild rice species from Southeast Asia, but their yields are low. These species, however, can be crossed with cultivated rice.
The challenge facing scientists is to produce a high-yielding perennial plant adapted to the poor soils of the uplands, and one that is highly responsive to low amounts of purchased inputs, and that resists diseases and insect pests.
It's a challenge IRRI scientists are currently working on. New biotechnology tools will be used to transfer the perennial characters into cultivated rice, and new knowledge of genetic diversity will be applied to develop pest resistance.
See: Developing Perennial Upland Rice I: Field Performance of Oryza sativa/O. rufipogon F1, F4, and BC1F4 Progeny. Crop Sci. 43:120–128
Participatory crop improvement.
Upand rice has been replaced by other crops such as maize in onehand, in the other hand hand the landraces has been no more in farmers' field. Diversity of upland rice can be maintained at the sametime level of production can be increased using participatory techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="19276462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276462" title="F48">
F48

F48 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19276511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276511" title="Otnice">
Otnice

Otnice is a village in the Vyškov District of the Czech Republic. It is located southeast of Brno and southwest of Slavkov u Brna. It has about 1,400 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="19276523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276523" title="Viyan">
Viyan

Viyan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19276527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276527" title="Museo de la Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público">
Museo de la Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público

The Museo de la Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público is an art museum located in the historic center of Mexico City. It is housed in what was the Palacio del Arzobispado (Palace of the Archbishopric), built in 1530 under Friar Juan de Zumárraga on the base of the destroyed pyramid dedicated to the Aztec god Tezcatlipoca. It remained the archbishphoric until 1867 when the Finance Ministry Accountancy Department was established there. The modern museum houses an exhibit dedicated to this god as well as a large art collection.
History.
The building was the colonial archbishop's palace and contains two stone-columned courtyards. In 1530, Friar Juan de Zumárraga became the first archbishop of New Spain, which at that time included most of the Americas and the Philippines. He decided to place the see in two houses near where the cathedral would later be built. After initial adaptation, two structures were added: one to cast bells and the other served as a prison. The structure continued to be modified until 1771 when it attained the appearance still seen today. The complex is topped by a cornice on with inverted arches are combined with merlons. Two estipite columns flank the bay of the portal, through which the highest ecclesiastical authorities of colonial times once passed. Remnants of the pyramid of Tezcatlipoca can be seen on the ground floor. This is because of a restoration project concluded in 1997. Along with restoring the colonial building, two excavations were carried out to expose details of the pre-Hispanic structures.
Imprisoned here was one of the first conspriators for Mexican Independence, Francisco Primo de Verdad y Ramos, who died here in 1808.
Museum.
The modern museum houses a collection of art from the 18th to 20th centuries, including works by Juan Correa, Diego Garcia, Rufino Tamayo, Antonio Ruiz, Adolfo Best Maugard and Raúl Anguiano. The central and permanent exhibit is called the "Pago en Especie y Acervo Patrimonial" (payment in kind and cultural heritage). It features works done by Mexicans and foreigners living in Mexico, many of whom donated the works here in lieu of paying their taxes, as part of a program initiated in 1957 as part of an initiative to stimulate artistic activity in Mexico for Mexico. The program's foremost promoter was artist David Alfaro Siqueiros.
However, the idea did not really take off until the 1970s when Jaime Saldívar, Inés Amor, Gilberto Aceves Navarro repromoted Siquieros' idea, gaining backing from president Luis Echeverría Álvarez in 1975. The revived project has enjoyed enthusiastic support from contemporary artists such as Luis López Loza, Roberto Doniz, Luis Nishizawa, Ángela Gurría, Roger von Gunten, Francisco Corzas, Feliciano Béjar, Francisco Capdevilla, Fernando Castro Pacheco, Arnaldo Coen, José Luis Cuevas, José Chávez Morado and Arnold Belkin, among others, many of whom still make donations to the museum's collection. Because of this, the museum has been able to assemble exhibits of works by individuals such as Rodolfo Morales, Rafael Coronel, Manuel Felguérez and Vicente Rojo. The museum also hosts temporary exhibits, mostly of contemporary art.

</doc>
<doc id="19276539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276539" title="Shakori">
Shakori

Shakori may refer to:
Shakori Tribe a Native American Indian tribe.
Shakori Hills Grassroots Festival a music festival in North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="19276568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276568" title="Western Stima F.C.">
Western Stima F.C.

Western Stima Football Club is a Kenyan football club based in Kakamega. The team play their home games primarily at the Bukhungu Stadium, but also at the Moi Stadium. Western Stima currently compete in the Kenyan Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="19276576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276576" title="Eastern Mediterranean Activities Conference">
Eastern Mediterranean Activities Conference

The Eastern Mediterranean Activities Conference (EMAC) is a regional sports league founded in 1980 that hosts tournaments in a wide range of athletic and academic activities. The conference consists of 17 American international schools from 11 nations- UAE, Kuwait, Qatar, Bahrain, Egypt, Oman, Cyprus, Jordan, Greece, Syria, and Lebanon. 
Activities.
Basketball, volleyball, swimming, tennis, softball, soccer, track and field, cross country, wrestling, and badminton are offered as athletic activities. Typically, each sport will have four separate tournaments, with a distinction made between boys and girls teams, as well as Varsity and Junior Varsity teams. However, both gender tournaments are hosted together at each level (e.g. Varsity Girls Basketball and Varsity Boys Basketball are hosted simultaneously by one school). EMAC also offers three non-athletic activities: Forensics, Academic Games, and the Fine Arts Festival. These events are gender-neutral, and Forensics is open to all high school students (there is no distinction between Varsity and Junior Varsity). EMAC also offers an activity called the Middle School Festival, a noncompetitive tournament in which participants play a variety of sports and gain exposure to athletics and team play.
Tournaments.
The schedule of tournaments for the following year are decided around April. However, teams from individual schools will typically prepare 1-2 months before an EMAC tournament, which is scheduled over a weekend so as not to disturb school sessions. Participating schools take turns hosting the event, meaning that they are responsible for facilitating the events and housing the traveling athletes with their own students. Competition is generally relaxed. Many teams (especially non-athletic ones) report that most students who show up for try-outs or auditions make the team, regardless of talent, as a result of poor attendance. However, this system allows students with little athletic skill to participate in and enjoy sports, a primary objective of the sports conference. Still, the level of competition is slowly becoming more fierce, as a spike in demand for American international education in the Middle East has led to the expansion of many of the participating schools. The activities are played in the mornings and afternoons of tournament, while evenings are kept free for team members to socialize and experience the host city. The teams are often take to malls, or are invited to a school-chaperoned mixer, during these times.
Code of Conduct.
All EMAC participants are required to sign an official form stating that they agree to adhere to the Code of Conduct, which prohibits the participant from possession/use of alcohol and illegal narcotics, as well as enforcing a strict curfew. Any participant found to have violated these rules may be punished with a 12-month ban from all EMAC activities, and will also likely face punishment from their school administration. While rumors of broken curfews and possession of tobacco are rampant, few participants are ever punished, possibly due to a lack of legitimate evidence.
Schools.
The EMAC Full Member schools are as follows:
Other participating schools include:

</doc>
<doc id="19276578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276578" title="Treaty of Versailles (1787)">
Treaty of Versailles (1787)

The Versailles Treaty of 1787 (French:"Traité de Versailles de 1787") was a treaty of alliance signed between the French king Louis XVI and the Vietnamese Prince Nguyễn Ánh, the future Emperor Gia Long.
Nguyễn Ánh, whose family, the Nguyễn family, had been decimated by the Tây Sơn rebellion when he was 16 or 17, received the protection and aid of the French Catholic priest Pigneau de Béhaine, titular bishop of Adran.
In order to obtain support for Nguyễn Ánh's cause, Pigneau de Béhaine went to France in 1787 as the "special envoy of the king of Nam Ha", accompanied by Nguyễn Ánh's older son, Nguyễn Phúc Cảnh, who was then seven years old, as a token of Pigneau's authority to negotiate in the name of Nguyễn Ánh. 
The 1787 Treaty of Versailles was signed on November 21, 1787, by Montmorin, Minister of Foreign Affairs and the Navy, and Pigneau de Béhaine, as the representative of Nguyễn Ánh. In return for the treaty, Nguyễn Ánh promised to cede Pulo-Condore to the French and to give a concession to the French in Tourane (modern Da Nang), as well exclusive trading rights. Louis XVI promised to help Nguyễn Ánh to regain the throne, by supplying 1,650 troops (1,200 Kaffir troops, 200 artillery men and 250 black soldiers) on four frigates.
That treaty marks the beginning of French influence in Indochina, but the Governor of Pondicherry, Count de Conway, who was given authority to decide on the actual implementation of the Treaty, refused to follow through with it, leaving Pigneau de Béhaine to his own means.
In spite of these inconveniences, between 1789 to 1799 a French force mustered by Pigneau de Béhaine managed to support Gia Long in acquiring sway over the whole of Vietnam. The French trained Vietnamese troops, established a navy, and built fortifications in the Vauban style, such as the Citadel of Saigon. Several of these French adventurers would remain in high positions in the government of Gia Long such as Philippe Vannier, Jean-Baptiste Chaigneau, de Forsans and the doctor Despiau.

</doc>
<doc id="19276588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276588" title="Alex García (racing driver)">
Alex García (racing driver)

Alex García (born March 18, 1977) is a Venezuelan stock car racing driver, and a former competior in the NASCAR Nationwide Series. A road course ringer, he drove the 98 Dixien/OmniSource Chevrolet for Transnet Racing, a team which García owns. Alex García made his NASCAR Nationwide Series debut in the 2007 Telcel Motorola Mexico 200 in Mexico City, where he became the first Venezuelan to race in one of NASCAR's top three series.
Background.
Originally from Caracas, Venezuela, García immigrated to the United States with his family in 1988 at the age of 11. He and his family settled in Marietta, Georgia, where he still lives today. 
At the age of 16, several years after his Argentine uncle sparked his interest in racing, García drove his first race car. After that, García decided to embark on a career in professional racing. 
An owner of his equipment from the beginning of his racing career, García formed Transnet Racing, which began with a single mechanic in his parents' garage, and has now grown into an established organization with a shop in Morrow, GA, just south of Atlanta.
Open Wheel career.
Alex García began his racing career in open wheel racing. In 1994 Alex raced at the amateur level in SCCA Formula Vee racing, scoring five top-five finishes in his first season. The following year García moved up to Formula Ford racing, where multiple victories and eleven top-five finishes progressed his career from regional racing to success at the national level. By 1997 Alex was able to go pro, racing Formula Ford 2000. 1998 was a successful season in Formula Ford 2000, and García earned top-ten and top-five finishing and starting positions throughout the season. 
By 2000 García developed a sponsorship deal with Dixien Automotive Stampings and OmniSource, relationships which still exist today, and this allowed García to begin full-time racing in Atlantic Championship. 
In 2004, the Atlantic operation expanded to a two car team, and Transnet Racing began to experience tremendous success in the series, earning the first of the team’s podium finishes, with both cars consistently bringing home top-five's and top-ten's. Seeking to diversify his skills, García began to test other forms of auto racing, which led to experimentation with Daytona Prototype, and, ultimately, stock car racing.
Transition to stock cars.
In 2005 García received an invitation to compete in the Six Hours of Bogotá, finishing second in a field of over 64 cars. That same year García tested his first stock car at Peach State Speedway, and made his official stock car debut at Music City Motorplex in the NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division. Participating in five races with Clyde Moody Enterprises, Alex earned several top-tens, as well as a POWERade Move of the Race award. Realizing his ultimate passion for full-bodied cars, García purchased his first stock car, and debuted in the ARCA RE/MAX Series at Salem Speedway in September 2006. 
By December of the same year, Alex announced that Transnet Racing would run a partial NASCAR Nationwide Series season in 2007, focusing on road courses, at which he excelled.
NASCAR career.
In March 2007, Alex García made his NASCAR Nationwide Series debut at Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez in Mexico City, Mexico, becoming the first Venezuelan to race in one of NASCAR's top three series. He competed in two other NASCAR Nationwide Series races that season, the inaugural NAPA Auto Parts 200 at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal, Quebec, and the Zippo 200 at Watkins Glen International. 
In 2008 García returned for the last NASCAR Nationwide Series race at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez. Later that season, he competed at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, which was a historic race in which teams competed in the rain for the first time in a NASCAR points event. 
In 2009, Alex García plans to run his first full-time season in the NASCAR Nationwide Series.

</doc>
<doc id="19276589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276589" title="KIL/Hemne">
KIL/Hemne

KIL/Hemne is a football club from Kyrksæterøra in Hemne, Sør-Trøndelag. Top-level players Erik Hoftun, Ardian Gashi, Alex Valencia, Vegard Forren, Pål André Helland and Magnus Stamnesstrø began their careers here.
History.
KIL/Hemne were formed in 1988 and were promoted to the 2nd Division in the same year. The club played the next four seasons in the Third Division. They stayed there until 2001, when they were relegated. They went back up to the Third Division in 2003 and the Second Division in 2005. In 2006 they again went down to the 3rd division after a season that was full of long term injuries to almost all key players. On 20 October 2007 KIL/Hemne were again promoted to the Second Division after beating Verdal over two playoff games.
2007 Cup run.
In the 2007 Norwegian Football Cup KIL/Hemne caused one of the biggest shocks when they beat Molde 3-1 at home in the cup first round. The same team had previously beaten KIL/Hemne 11-1 a year earlier. In the second round, the team were up against Rosenborg. RBK took a 16th minute lead through Didier Konan Ya. However, just two minutes later, former Rosenborg player Ole Johan Singsdal made it 1-1. KIL/Hemne continued to press and went into the break level. Just after half-time KIL/Hemne shocked Norwegian football by taking a 2-1 lead after Asgeir Snekvik scored in the 46th minute. However, RBK scored 8 minutes later through Roar Strand. In the 83rd minute KIL/Hemne again shocked Norway when Espen Sødahl made it 3-2. However, the goal was disallowed because KIL/Hemne's Ole Johan Singsdal pushed Per Ciljan Skjelbred in the chest. After full time it stood at 2-and went to extra time. Only five minutes into the first half of extra time, RBK took the lead through Alexander Tettey and most people thought that the game was over. However, after 116 minutes, Asgeir Snekvik scored to make it 3-3 and take it to penalties. One minute later, with one minute remaining of stoppage time, RBK had a free kick in a good position and Didier Konan Ya swung it around the wall and up into the top corner. The drama didn't stop there. In the last second, KIL/Hemne had a corner and sent all of their players up in the home of making it 4-4 and keeping it to penalties. The ball came in from the right, and Morten Klungervik headed the ball against the crossbar and out.

</doc>
<doc id="19276600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276600" title="Gothichaur">
Gothichaur

Gothichaur is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2003 persons living in 316 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19276621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276621" title="Haku, Karnali">
Haku, Karnali

Haku is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1683 persons living in 310 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19276625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276625" title="Williams FW09">
Williams FW09

The Williams FW09 was a Formula One car designed by Patrick Head and Neil Oatley. It was the first Williams chassis to be powered by a turbocharged Honda V6 engine, which Frank Williams negotiated a deal for towards the end of 1982 and the beginning of 1983.
Honda was already supplying the small Spirit team for 1983, but was enthusiastic about supplying Williams, who not only had the reigning World Champion Keke Rosberg as lead driver, but were one of the leading constructors in Formula One who had previously won both the Drivers' and Constructors titles on multiple occasions, a résumé that Spirit (nor their young driver Stefan Johansson) could not hope to match. Williams had agreed to help develop the engine under Grand Prix race conditions.
1983.
The chassis was built from aluminium with carbon fibre used at stress points and was based on the reasonably successful 1983 Williams FW08C. The engine cover had to be redesigned as the car was powered by a smaller, but more powerful () V6 engine rather than the Cosworth V8 that powered the FW08C. The front of the car was also redesigned giving the car cleaner aerodynamics. The FW09 was introduced at the South African Grand Prix, the last race of the 1983 season, which was nothing more than a shakedown exercise. Rosberg showed the potential of both car and engine by qualifying sixth and finishing in fifth place while team mate Jacques Laffite started 10th but spun off under braking for Crowthorne Corner at the end of the long main straight on lap two, his car ending up in the tyre barrier and out of the race.
1984.
The car was then raced in the season by Rosberg and team mate Laffite. Both drivers found extra power of the engine to their liking, but not the chassis which suffered from the sudden bursts of power that the Honda gave, upsetting the balance of the car. Furthermore, the car body was found to produce a lot of drag at high speeds. The problems with the 1984 chassis were noted by broadcaster Clive James, opining in FOCA's season review video that Rosberg had managed "to make the Williams look driveable, which everyone including Frank Williams knew it really wasn't".
Reliability was also a problem, with Laffite only recording five finishes during the whole season, but the basic speed was there with the Honda powered FW09 consistently among the fastest cars through the speeds traps on many tracks. Indeed both drivers recorded a top speed of in qualifying and the race at the 1984 South African Grand Prix (although it wasn't as fast as the Brabham-BMWs which recorded in qualifying). Rosberg had a more successful year than Laffite, managing to tame the car's unpredictable handling by winning the Dallas Grand Prix for his and the team's first win since the 1983 Monaco Grand Prix, and giving Honda its first Formula One Grand Prix win since John Surtees won the 1967 Italian Grand Prix at Monza.
A modified version of the car dubbed the FW09B was introduced in Round 8 of the season at Brands Hatch for the 1984 British Grand Prix. Unfortunately from that race until the end of the season both Rosberg and Laffite only recorded one finish each and neither was in the points. Laffite was 8th at the Dutch Grand Prix while Rosberg ended the season in Portugal with a disappointing 14th place, following which the FW09 was retired. Williams, which along with Ferrari and Brabham were one of the few race winners in a season dominated by McLaren drivers Niki Lauda and Alain Prost, finished sixth in the constructors' championship in 1984 having scored 25.5 points.
The FW09 was retired following the 1984 season. It was replaced in by the all carbon fibre and more successful Williams FW10.

</doc>
<doc id="19276626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276626" title="Phua">
Phua

Phua is a Malaysian and Singaporean spelling of the Chinese family name Pan (Mandarin), also spelled Poon or Phoon (Cantonese), and Pua, Puah or Phuah (Hokkien, Teochew or Hainanese) and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19276633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276633" title="Greatest Love Songs (Joe Cocker album)">
Greatest Love Songs (Joe Cocker album)

Greatest Love Songs is a compilation album by Joe Cocker, released in 2003 (see 2003 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="19276634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276634" title="Metropolitan Fireproof Warehouse">
Metropolitan Fireproof Warehouse

Metropolitan Fireproof Warehouse was an 11-story structure built on the West Side (Manhattan) in 1925. It fronted seventy-four feet on Amsterdam Avenue between 82nd Avenue and 83rd Street. Continuing in its rear for one hundred feet, the edifice possessed an "L" fronting twenty-five feet on West 83rd Street. Aside from warehouse space, the Metropolitan Fireproof Warehouse contained exhibit, sales rooms, and other facilities.
Business records.
In July 1932 it was discovered that Lawrence S. Morris, secretary and general manager of the company, had diverted over $100,000 from the business. His brother, Charles S. Morris,
was president of the Metropolitan Fireproof Warehouse, Inc. Charles Morris suffered a Nervous breakdown in the spring of 1929. Morris learned that his brother had borrowed $15,000 from the firm when an accountant was called in, following his illness. Lawrence Morris had forged his name on checks to carry out his theft of more than $100,000. The Morris brothers
resided in the same apartment house, which was located at 666 West End Avenue.
A bankruptcy petition for $750 was filed against the business by N&H Michaelian, rug cleaners,
on December 22, 1935.
Acquired by Sofia Brothers.
Sofia Brothers bought the building in December 1950 when it was under foreclosure by the Greenwich Savings Bank. Its property value at the time was assessed at $440,000, of which $125,000 represented land value. Arthur Eckstein, Inc., brokered the sale with the title being insured by
the Title Guarantee and Trust Company. Attorneys for the seller were Karelson, Karelson, Rubin & Rosenberg. Irving Raisman was the attorney for
the buyer. It became the fourth warehouse in New York City for Sofia Brothers, which was founded in 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="19276636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276636" title="Kalikakhetu">
Kalikakhetu

Kalikakhetu is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1825 persons living in 334 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19276649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276649" title="List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2001">
List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2001

These are the "Official Charts Company" UK Official Rock Chart number one hits of 2001. 

</doc>
<doc id="19276659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276659" title="Kanakasundari">
Kanakasundari

Kanakasundari is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1246.

</doc>
<doc id="19276673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276673" title="Kartik Swami">
Kartik Swami

Kartik Swami is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1749 persons living in 305 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19276679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276679" title="USS Tarrant (AK-214)">
USS Tarrant (AK-214)

USS "Tarrant" (AK-214) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. She was commissioned; however, the war ended and she was returned to the War Shipping Administration in November 1945 for disposal.
Built in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin.
"Tarrant" (AK-214), was laid down under U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 2168) on 4 December 1944 by the Leathern D. Smith Shipbuilding Co., Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin.; launched on 25 February 1945; sponsored by Miss Agnes Larson; and commissioned on 18 September 1945, Lt. Comdr. Frank E. Simmen, USCGR, in command.
World War II-related service.
"Tarrant" and her U.S. Coast Guard crew reported to the Commander in Chief, Atlantic Fleet, on 24 September as available for her shakedown cruise. However, since World War II had ended, she was ordered to report to the Commandant, 8th Naval District for disposal.
Post-war inactivation.
"Tarrant" reported on 30 September and was decommissioned and returned to the War Shipping Administration on 21 November. "Tarrant" was struck from the Navy list on 6 December 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19276683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276683" title="Labhra">
Labhra

Labhra is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2053 persons living in 380 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19276697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276697" title="Walter Grimston">
Walter Grimston

Walter Edward Grimston (born 16 May 1844 at Pebmarsh, Essex; died 28 July 1932 at Colne Place, Earls Colne, Essex) was an English amateur cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with I Zingari but did make 1 known appearance in first-class cricket for Southgate v. Cambridge University in 1868. He played for I Zingari from 1864 to 1879.
He was a right-handed batsman (RHB) and an occasional wicketkeeper.
Family.
His father Edward played first-class cricket, as did three of his uncles James, Robert and Francis Grimston and his cousin Lord Hyde.

</doc>
<doc id="19276700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276700" title="Lihi, Nepal">
Lihi, Nepal

Lihi is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2397.

</doc>
<doc id="19276722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276722" title="Olivier Boumelaha">
Olivier Boumelaha

Olivier Hakim Boumelaha (born 27 May 1981 in Mulhouse) is a French football striker of Algerian descent. He last played for FC Gossau in the Swiss Challenge League. He is the older brother of Virgile Boumelaha and Sabri Boumelaha.
Career.
Boumelaha began his career with FC Basel in 1998 but made only one appearance for the club before moving on to FC St. Gallen in 2000. He failed to break into the first team there, also, and after a short spell at Etoile Carouge FC, he signed for FC La Chaux-de-Fonds where he played 14 games over the course of the 2004/05 season. He then moved to the United Arab Emerites with Al-Ittihad in July 2004 where he scored seven goals in just 15 appearances. This caught the eye of many European clubs and IFK Mariehamn of the Finnish Veikkausliiga acquired his services the next season. He scored twice in five matches there, but never broke into the starting XI and dropped down to the Ykkönen (Finland's second division) with Tampereen Peli-Pojat -70 in 2006. He scored goals despite a relatively low number of appearances at PP-70 but returned to the Middle East during the Summer of 2007, this time with Al Ahli of Bahrain. After just one season with "The Eagles", he made his way back to Switzerland with FC Gossau of the Challenge League, he left on 18 December 2008 Gossau and will go to Dubai.

</doc>
<doc id="19276726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276726" title="Mahabe Pattharkhola">
Mahabe Pattharkhola

Mahabe Pattharkhola is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2048 persons living in 378 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19276741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276741" title="Mahadev, Nepal">
Mahadev, Nepal

Mahadev is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1828 persons living in 343 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19276747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276747" title="Sean Connaughton">
Sean Connaughton

Sean T. Connaughton (born 1961) is the current Secretary of Transportation for the Commonwealth of Virginia. He served as the Maritime Administrator, the head of the U.S. Maritime Administration, an agency of the United States Department of Transportation, from 2006 until early 2009. Connaughton served as Chairman of the Prince William Board of County Supervisors from January 1, 2000 until his appointment as Maritime Administrator. He is also a lawyer, unsuccessful 2005 Republican candidate for Lieutenant Governor of Virginia, former United States Coast Guard officer, and a retired officer of the United States Naval Reserve. He was confirmed as Maritime Administrator by the Senate on August 3, 2006. 
President George W. Bush nominated Connaughton to serve as Commissioner of the Federal Maritime Commission. Congress did not take up the nomination. He left federal service to work as the Corporate Vice President of Government Affairs for the American Bureau of Shipping. Connaughton became the Secretary of Transportation in the Cabinet of Governor Bob McDonnell in January 2010.
Education.
Connaughton is a 1979 graduate of Chaminade High School. He received a B.Sc. from the United States Merchant Marine Academy in 1983 and a law degree from George Mason University in 1992. Connaughton also has a Masters in Public Administration from Georgetown University and is a graduate of the Naval War College.
Early career.
Immediately upon graduation from the United States Merchant Marine Academy, Connaughton accepted a Commission as an Officer in the United States Coast Guard, remaining on Active Duty until 1986 when he joined the United States Naval Reserve. He continued to serve in the Coast Guard as an Assistant Branch Chief in the marine safety area. Connaughton entered private legal practice in 1992. His legal career is highlighted by his service as Co-counsel on the case "Intertanko v. Locke", winning a unanimous decision before the United States Supreme Court
Chairman of the Prince William Board of County Supervisors.
Connaughton was elected Chairman of the Prince William Board of County Supervisors in November 1999, defeating the incumbent, Kathleen K. Seefeldt. He was re-elected to a second four-year term, beginning January 1, 2004. He resigned that position on September 6, 2006.
The Washington Post characterized Connaghton as a "pragmatist" during his tenure.[http://pqasb.pqarchiver.com/washingtonpost/access/1097224221.html?dids=1097224221:1097224221&FMT=ABS&FMTS=ABS:FT&type=current&date=Aug+19,+2006&author=&pub=The+Washington+Post&desc=A+Centrist's+Legacy;+Sean+Connaughton,+pragmatist&pqatl=google] Connaughton capped the growth of all real estate taxes at 5.9%, despite double-digit growth in real estate value and the jurisdiction achieved a AAA Bond Rating. He also successfully campaigned to bring AOL, General Dynamics, Comcast, Eli Lilly and other major employers to Prince William.
Maritime Administration.
In September 2006, Connaughton assumed the helm of the Maritime Administration. He focused on laying the foundation for a marine highways system, greater opportunities for American mariners, and a reorganization of the agency to make it more effective are significant steps he’s taken during his watch.[http://www.joc.com/node/354847] During his tenure Connaughton was consistently cited as one of the best Federal transportation policy leaders by Members of Congress, industry and the media.
Connaughton received several awards and recognitions for his service as Administrator, including: Vincent T. Hirsh Maritime Award for Outstanding Leadership by the Navy League of the United States (2009), "Maritime Person of the Year” by the Propeller Club of the United States (2007), "Maritime Samaritan Award” from the Apostleship of the Sea of the United States (2009) and "Government Man of the Year” by the Maritime Port Council of Greater New York (2007). Additionally, the Journal of Commerce named him to its 2008 "JOC Leadership Roll". Connaughton's service was also recognized by the Massachusetts Maritime Academy in 2007 through the awarding of an Honorary Doctorate in Public Administration.
Virginia Secretary of Transportation.
On December 22, 2009 Virginia Governor-elect Bob McDonnell announced Sean Connaughton as his appointment to Secretary of Transportation for the Commonwealth of Virginia. He was sworn into office on January 16, 2010. As Secretary, Connaughton oversees seven agencies with over 10,000 employees and combined budgets of more than $5 billion.  After taking office, he initiated multiple audits of the Virginia Department of Transportation which identified more than $1.4B of misallocated funds that were then deployed to advance stalled projects. Connaughton led efforts to grow private investment in the Commonwealth's aging infrastructure system by establishing a new P3 Office, streamlining the Public-Private Transportation Act process and recognizing innovative financing opportunities. Under his leadership, a state investment of less than $600 million has been leveraged into over $3 billion worth of infrastructure, ranking Virginia #2 worldwide for P3 deals. He has overseen the creation of the Virginia Transportation Infrastructure Bank, providing a resource that public-and private-sector entities can use to finance projects and accelerate construction. Most critically, Connaughton is credited with enabling passage of "Virginia’s Road to the Future", the first comprehensive transportation funding bill approved in the Commonwealth in 27 years. His efforts secured a historic bipartisan compromise in the Virginia General Assembly, resulting in a tax reform package that boosted projected transportation revenues $7B over the next 6 years by diversifying the revenue base away from declining gas tax to greater reliance on sales tax funding. 

</doc>
<doc id="19276748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276748" title="Half blood knot">
Half blood knot

The half blood knot (also clinch knot) is a knot that is used for securing a fishing line to a fishing lure, snap or swivel. When two half blood knots are used to join two lines they are considered as one knot and called a blood knot.
This is one of the strongest knots for tying a medium-size hook to a medium-size line such as hooksize 4 to 4/0 onto line size 6 lb to 30 lb.

</doc>
<doc id="19276752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276752" title="Mahat Gaun">
Mahat Gaun

Mahat Gaun is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2501 persons living in 496 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Mahat Gaun has one FM radio station Radio Karnali 105.2 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19276763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276763" title="Malika Bota">
Malika Bota

Malika Bota is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1318 persons living in 178 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19276777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276777" title="St. Andrew's Church, Langar">
St. Andrew's Church, Langar

St. Andrew's Church, Langar-cum-Barnstone is a parish church in the Church of England in Langar, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church of St Andrew's is often called the 'Cathedral of the Vale' due to its large size for such a small village. This may be in part due to its importance as a place of pilgrimage in Saxon times.
The church was heavily restored by Thomas Butler in 1860.
The North Transept contains monuments to the Chaworth family of nearby Wiverton Hall. In the South Transept is a magnificent monument to Thomas, Lord Scrope and his wife, Philadelphia, with their son, Emanuel, kneeling at their feet. This transept also contains the blocked-up entrance to the Howe tomb with a tablet to the memory of Admiral Howe, second daughter Mary Juliana Howe and Mary, Countess Howe.
Current parish status.
St. Andrew's Church, Langar-cum-Barnstone is in the Wiverton group of parishes which includes:
Organ.
The organ came from St. John's Church, Codnor, and arrived in 1906. It is by Lloyd of Nottingham. The specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19276778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276778" title="Malikathota">
Malikathota

Malikathota is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2768.

</doc>
<doc id="19276790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276790" title="Narakot">
Narakot

Narakot is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2752 persons living in 494 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19276811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276811" title="Pandawagufa">
Pandawagufa

Pandawagufa is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2994 persons living in 536 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19276821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276821" title="Mobor">
Mobor

Mobor is a town in South Goa in the state of Goa, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19276851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276851" title="Non ti scordar mai di me (song)">
Non ti scordar mai di me (song)

"Non ti scordar mai di me" ("Never Forget About Me") is a pop song performed by Italian pop singer Giusy Ferreri. It was written by Roberto Casalino and Tiziano Ferro and co-produced by Fabrizio Giannini.
The song was released as the singer's debut single on May 30, 2008 in Italy, and peaked at number one in Italy, where it became one of the best-selling and most-downloaded singles of all the time and also reached the #1 in Greece, the top 30 on the sales charts in Switzerland and the top 20 position on a composite European Singles Chart.
Background.
"Non ti scordar mai di me" was originally written by Roberto Casalino several years ago, then Italian Popstar Tiziano Ferro has collaborated on the melody when the song has been offered to Giusy Ferreri.
The song worldpremiered on May 27, 2008 on the last episode of the first Italian edition of X Factor.
Despite the great popularity, has been underlined a similarity of the song with "Back to Black", by English singer-songwriter Amy Winehouse, and "Coming Home" by the American band Alter Bridge.
Release.
It has been made available on CD single and digital download, from May 30, 2008. Besides from June 27, 2008 has been included in the debut EP, "Non ti Scordar mai di me", together with five covers performed by the singer. The single has been included in the first official album "Gaetana" too.
Music video.
The music video for "Non ti scordar mai di me" was directed by Cosimo Alemà and entered the planning of the thematic channels from June 30, 2008. It shows the singer to interpret the passage sat on the angle of a bed. To these sequences are alternated other, in which the principal history of the video is told.
In these sequences Giusy has shown in the meticulous preparations of a romantic dinner. On the screen sometimes is shown the schedule in which the action develops. At 19.35 Giusy chooses the suit to wear, at 20.18 it's everything ready but at 21.02 the guest is not introduced yet. The video continues showing Giusy who becomes impatient, she waits up to midnight, then she eats greedily alone the prepared dinner, as long as 02.16 when the telephone rings. Nevertheless he's not the man, but a friend of her.
Chart performance.
The single debuted on the Italian Singles FIMI at #2 on June 5, 2008, contemporarily, "Remedios", another cover song by Ferreri, peaked at #7 only on digital downloads. The following week "Non Ti Scordar Mai Di Me" peaked at #1, but next week it was knocked off by the song "Cry", by Italian band Novecento. However, it returned at #1 after a couple of weeks and it held the pole position for an astonishing total of 15 non-consecutive weeks, becoming one of the longest running number-one hit singles as well as one of the best-selling singles ever in FIMI charts' history.
The song debuted at #39 on the Italian Downloads Chart, and the following week raised-up at #2. Then it stayed atop for 15 consecutive weeks.
The single has been a huge broadcast success, reaching the top spot of the Nielsen Music Control chart, which controls the Italian broadcast circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="19276859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276859" title="Burning Bridges (Glen Campbell album)">
Burning Bridges (Glen Campbell album)

Burning Bridges is the fifth album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1967 by Capitol Records.
Charts.
Album – Billboard (United States)
Burning Bridges did not chart.
Singles – Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19276863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276863" title="Ivaylo Marinov">
Ivaylo Marinov

Ivaylo Marinov () (born 16 September 1982) is a Bulgarian footballer. He currently plays as a goalkeeper for Spartak Varna.
He had previously played for Fearplay Varna, Chernomorets Byala and Cherno More Varna.

</doc>
<doc id="19276878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276878" title="Society of Accredited Marine Surveyors">
Society of Accredited Marine Surveyors

The Society of Accredited Marine Surveyors (SAMS) is an organization of professional marine surveyors who have come together to promote the good image and general well being of their chosen profession. Accredited Marine Surveyor (AMS) members are surveyors who have accumulated time in the profession, and have proven the technical skills necessary for designation as AMS. There is, through the Surveyor Associate program, the opportunity for less experienced members to participate in SAMS and hone their skills under the tutelage of Accredited Marine Surveyors in their local area. Affiliate members, who benefit from the association with the Society's members, are professionals, corporations, and organizations active in the marine field.
History and Philosophy.
The Society of Accredited Marine Surveyors has its roots in the International Maritime Technical Institute Conference held in Brunswick, Maine during the latter part of 1986. Most of the participants expressed a desire to belong to a professional society of marine surveyors who would have a different purpose and outlook than found in the existing professional organizations of the day. Among the participants were Jim Robbins of C.A. Hansen Corporation and Fred Lowe, formerly Instructor of Marine Surveying at the Chapman School of Seamanship, Stuart, Florida.
Jim Robbins and Fred Lowe founded the Society of Accredited Marine Surveyors during the early part of 1987 and enlisted Michael Strocchi of Strocchi & Co. to join them on the original Board of Directors. A carefully chosen cadre of fifty (50) charter members was solicited to be the foundation of the organization. Over the next 18 months and three national meetings, the organization of SAMS was put into place. The Society headquarters was moved to Jacksonville, Florida, where it continues to provide services to its members.
Accredited Marine Surveyors are expected to follow a course of continuing education to maintain their accreditation. Members are guided by a code of ethics and are encouraged to participate in other organizations relative to the marine field.

</doc>
<doc id="19276882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276882" title="Patarasi">
Patarasi

Patarasi is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2279 persons living in 371 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19276888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276888" title="Patmara">
Patmara

Patmara is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2460 persons living in 404 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19276893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276893" title="Clearing factor">
Clearing factor

In centrifugation the clearing factor or k factor represents the relative pelleting efficiency of a given centrifuge rotor at maximum rotation speed. It can be used to estimate the time formula_1 (in hours) required for sedimentation of a fraction with a known sedimentation coefficient formula_2 (in svedbergs):
The value of the clearing factor depends on the maximum angular velocity formula_4 of a centrifuge (in rad/s) and the minimum and maximum radius formula_5 of the rotor:
As the rotational speed of a centrifuge is usually specified in RPM, the following formula is often used for convenience:
Centrifuge manufacturers usually specify the minimum, maximum and average radius of a rotor, as well as the formula_8 factor of a centrifuge-rotor combination.
For runs with a rotational speed lower than the maximum rotor-speed, the formula_8 factor has to be adjusted:
The K-factor is related to the sedimentation coefficient formula_11 by the formula:
formula_12
Where formula_13 is the time to pellet a certain particle in hours. Since formula_11 is a constant for a certain particle, this relationship can be used to interconvert between different rotors.
formula_15
Where formula_16 is the time to pellet in one rotor, and formula_17 is the K-factor of that rotor. formula_18 is the K-factor of the other rotor, and formula_19, the time to pellet in the other rotor, can be calculated. In this manner, one does not need access to the exact rotor cited in a protocol, as long as the K-factor can be calculated. Many online calculators are available to perform the calculations for common rotors.

</doc>
<doc id="19276896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276896" title="List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2002">
List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2002

These are "The Official UK Charts Company" UK Official Rock Chart number one hits of 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="19276901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276901" title="Sanigaun">
Sanigaun

Sanigaun is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3719 persons living in 682 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19276909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276909" title="Talium">
Talium

Talium is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3245 persons living in 585 individual households.
References.
Gabi is the king of the ring
External links.
Gabi_Stark.com

</doc>
<doc id="19276915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276915" title="Uni knot">
Uni knot

The uni knot is a multi purpose fishing knot that can be used for attaching the fishing line to the arbor of a reel, for joining lines, and for attaching lures, snaps, and swivels. 
History.
The knot, shown with three passes, was published in 1944 under the name gallows knot (#1121) in the The Ashley Book of Knots. Ashley notes that it is actually an alternate arrangement of the multiple overhand noose. His diagram shows how the knot can be manipulated into the more familiar form.
This knot is also called the Duncan loop, after Norman Duncan who developed it independently as a fishing knot in the early 1960s. The knot was popularized as the uni knot by Vic Dunaway, an editor at the Miami Herald, in a 1970 fishing book.
Use.
The uni knot is widely used for attaching hooks, rings and swivels to the end of the line. The bend form of the uni knot is not a noose; rather it is akin to a multiple fisherman's knot with the two opposing knotted parts arranged in the manner of uni knots.
The uni knot retains much of the monofilament's breaking strength. Knot strength varies between different fishing line brands but the uni knot works well with all monofilament fishing lines.

</doc>
<doc id="19276921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276921" title="Charles West (author)">
Charles West (author)

Charles West (born 1927), British crime novelist, is a former actor. He studied acting at RADA and singing at Dartington Hall Music School. He was a member of the Old Vic Theatre Company 1958-1962 and subsequently performed in 9 West End musicals in London, including Daddy Warbucks in "Annie" at Victoria Palace beginning in the 1970s and Don Quixote in Man of La Mancha at the Martin Beck Theater on Broadway. He wrote his first novel "Destruction Man", while acting in Australia. His Australian detective Paul Crook features in "Stonefish", "Stage Fright", "Little Ripper", and "The Long Hook". Married to actress Julia West (a National Theatre company member who appeared in the film "Atonement"), he lives in Wallingford, Oxfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19276931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276931" title="Michael Whinney">
Michael Whinney

Michael Humphrey Dickens Whinney is a Church of England bishop who served in two episcopal posts: he is also the great-great-grandson of Charles Dickens.
He was born in Chelsea, London on 8 July 1930 and educated at Charterhouse School and Pembroke College, Cambridge. He was ordained in 1957 after an earlier career as an accountant. His first ministry position was as a curate at Rainham after which he held two posts in Bermondsey, firstly as priest in charge of the Cambridge University Mission Settlement and later as the vicar of St James' with Christ Church. He became the Archdeacon of Southwark before being ordained to the episcopate in 1982 as the Bishop of Aston. After three years he was translated to be the Bishop of Southwell where he remained until 1988. In retirement he continues to serve as an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="19276933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276933" title="Tamer Amin">
Tamer Amin

Tamer Amin is an Egyptian television presenter and interviewer for"Masr El-Nahrda" (Egypt Today), a popular Egyptian live television talk show from Cairo, which airs on the Egyptian National TV (ERTU). 
Positions.
In an interview with LBC TV (Lebanon), Al-Ekhbariya (Saudi Arabia) that aired on November 10, 2010 (as translated by MEMRI), Amin expressed his views on a number of issues:

</doc>
<doc id="19276938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276938" title="Elbeet Betak">
Elbeet Betak

Elbeet Betak (, English: "Make yourself at home") is a popular Egyptian television chat show produced in Cairo. Presented live by Tamer Amin, Mahmoud Saad, and Khary Ramadan, the producer is Baraka. It airs on Egyptian National TV.

</doc>
<doc id="19276948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276948" title="Ardara Road Halt railway station">
Ardara Road Halt railway station

Ardara Road Halt was a station which served Ardara in County Donegal, Ireland.
History.
The station was opened by the Donegal Railway Company, and became part of the County Donegal Railways Joint Committee railways in 1906 when the original company was bought jointly by the Great Northern Railway of Ireland and the Northern Counties Committee. 
This organisation ran the line until its closure. [http://www.irishstatutebook.ie/1959/en/si/0179.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19276973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276973" title="Tamti">
Tamti

Tamti is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2491.

</doc>
<doc id="19276977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276977" title="Earl Tyree">
Earl Tyree

Earl Carlton "Ty" Tyree (March 4, 1890 – May 17, 1954) was a Major League Baseball player. Tyree played for Chicago Cubs in the 1914 season. He only played in one game in his one year career, having no hits in four at-bats. Tyree was born in Huntsville, Illinois, and died in Rushville, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19276994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276994" title="St. Giles' Church, Cropwell Bishop">
St. Giles' Church, Cropwell Bishop

St. Giles' Church, Cropwell Bishop is a parish church in the Church of England in Cropwell Bishop, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church has 13th century arcades but is mainly 14th century with a nave with north and south aisles, south porch and chancel. The tower was built around 1450.
Bells.
There are six bells. One is 16th century, two are dated 1669 and 1757, a fourth was recast in 1905 and a fifth added in the same year. A sixth, the treble bell, was installed in 1981.
Clock.
From 1694 to 1906, the church had a clock by Richard Roe. This is now preserved in Nottingham Industrial Museum.
Current parish status.
St. Giles' Church, Cropwell Bishop is in the Wiverton group of parishes which includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19277016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277016" title="NetMotion Wireless">
NetMotion Wireless

NetMotion Wireless is a privately held software company, founded in 2001 and based in Seattle, Washington. NetMotion Wireless develops software for organizations with mobile workforces, focusing on security, management and optimization of their wireless data deployments. The products allow customer organizations to maximize their return on investment in workforce automation by addressing the unique challenges introduced by wireless connectivity. The company's software is used in enterprise, government, public utilities, healthcare, public safety, insurance and other industries.
History.
The company was formed in 2001 as a spin off from WRQ, Inc. In 2005, wireless industry executive Bob Hunsberger became CEO. In 2006, NetMotion merged with Padcom, Inc. In September 2010 and again in 2011, the company was recognized by Inc. as one of the fastest-growing private companies in America. In September 2012, NetMotion Wireless was acquired by Clearlake Capital Group, L.P., an investment firm with nearly $3 billion in 50 investments across a variety of industries.
Operations.
The bulk of the company's operations are located at the North American headquarters in Seattle, Washington. Three sales offices in Europe handle international sales including sales into Australia, New Zealand and several African countries.
NetMotion Wireless has an intellectual property portfolio of a dozen U.S. patents. It also has strategic alliances with cellular carriers, hardware manufacturers, software developers, system integrators and standards and certification bodies. These partners include AT&T, Avaya, Datastrip, Sybase iAnywhere, InfoExpress, Intermec, Ipelium, knk, Microsoft, Motion Computing, Motorola, OESIS OK, Palm, RSA, Scientel Wireless, Sierra Wireless, Sprint, TELELOGOS, T-Mobile and Verizon Wireless.
Products.
Mobility XE Mobile VPN
The company's flagship product is Mobility XE, a Mobile VPN designed specifically for wireless environments. As mobile field workers move in and out of wireless coverage areas and roam between networks, the product maintains and secures their data connections in order to maximize worker productivity. It also provides IT managers with the centralized control needed to manage a mobile deployment. Used by more than 2,100 organizations and more than 550,000 mobile workers, Mobility XE is recognized by Frost & Sullivan for achieving the highest market share among mobile VPNs.
Mobility XE Releases:
Locality Cellular Network Performance Management Software
In May 2012, NetMotion Wireless introduced Locality cellular network performance management software, described as the first software of its kind in the industry, and the only cellular counterpart to a wired network-performance management offering. It addresses the needs of organizations that are increasingly reliant on cellular data connections to deliver applications to mobile workers in the field. Such organizations have made major investments in devices, applications and monthly service fees, yet have no tools to evaluate how those deployments are working for them and to identify and correct connection problems.
The Locality software on each mobile device gathers inventory, connection-status and location information every five seconds, and sends the accumulated data every thirty minutes to a central server for processing. Locality generates detailed maps and reports to identify the technologies in use, poor performance, and chronic connectivity problems. These can be tied to underlying causes such as signal strength, location, network saturation, older network technologies, or problems with devices and drivers. Customers can use these reports to proactively identify coverage issues, troubleshoot help desk tickets, make buying decisions based on device or network performance, compare carriers, effectively track inventory, and identify under-utilized mobile assets.
Locality software supports various network adapters for Sprint, AT&T, Verizon Wireless and Canadian carriers, as well as Sierra Wireless AirLink (ALEOS) devices, and Android devices running version 2.2 or later and equipped for cellular connectivity. Support for Apple iOS is also planned.
Customers.
Among the 2,500 customers of NetMotion Wireless are:
Enterprise Customers
Ameren Corporation, Amica Insurance, AT&T, Beckman Coulter, Comcast, Continental Airlines, Cox Communications, Diamond Management and Technology Consultants, Grange Insurance, Hertz, JEA, Optident, Southeast Water (UK), Strack, Trican Well Service, Ltd., TSI Terminal Systems Inc., Unilever, US Foods, Windstream Communications.
Healthcare
Advocate Health Care, Allina Home Care, Lee Memorial Health System, Marshfield Clinic, MHMR Centers of Texas, Puget Sound Blood Center, St. Luke's Health System, St. Joseph’s Hospital (WI), Visiting Nurses of New York, Wichita Clinic.
Government and Public Safety
Bell Ambulance, Birmingham City Council (UK), City of Aurora (CO), City of Hays (KS), City of Orlando, Colorado Springs Police Department, Durham County Sheriff's Office, Florida Highway Patrol, Gallatin County (MT), Johnson County (KS), Mobile County (AL), Monroe County Sheriff’s Department (FL), New York State Police, Orange County Sheriff’s Department, St. James Parish (LA), Union County Police Department (NJ), Worksafe BC.
Industry Awards and Recognition.
NetMotion has been named as one of the fastest-growing wireless companies in the U.S. and has earned more than 25 industry awards, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19277026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277026" title="Tatopani, Karnali">
Tatopani, Karnali

Tatopani is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3819 persons living in 774 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19277038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277038" title="Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 1954">
Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 1954

Elections to the Baseball Hall of Fame for 1954 followed a system practically the same as in 1952 because the new Veterans Committee was meeting only in odd-number years (until 1962).
The Baseball Writers Association of America (BBWAA) voted by mail to select from recent players and elected three: Bill Dickey, Rabbit Maranville, and Bill Terry.
BBWAA election.
Any candidate receiving votes on at least 75% of the ballots would be honored with induction to the Hall. Votes were cast for 54 players; a total of 252 ballots were cast, with 189 votes required for election. A total of 2,091 individual votes were cast, an average of 8.30 per ballot.
The three candidates who received 75% of the vote and were elected are indicated in bold italics; candidates who have since been elected in subsequent elections are indicated in "italics".
Players were eligible if they had finished their career between 1928 and 1952. Starting with this election, players had to have been retired from baseball (including no longer working as a manager) for a minimum of 5 seasons to be eligible,[http://news.google.com/newspapers?id=G6c0AAAAIBAJ&sjid=N2gFAAAAIBAJ&pg=892,1609022], unless they had gotten 100 votes in the year before. Those who qualified under this loophole were Joe DiMaggio and Ted Lyons.

</doc>
<doc id="19277062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277062" title="Gold (Joe Cocker album)">
Gold (Joe Cocker album)

Gold is a greatest hits album by Joe Cocker, released in 2006 (see 2006 in music) as part of Gold album series.

</doc>
<doc id="19277069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277069" title="Lee Cowan">
Lee Cowan

Leland P. "Lee" Cowan is the CBS News National Correspondent for the CBS Evening News and substitute anchor for CBS Sunday Morning.
Biography.
Born in Salt Lake City, Utah, he is a 1988 graduate of the University of Washington.
He was a frequent correspondent for "NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams". Prior to joining NBC News, Cowan was a reporter for CBS News in the CBS NEWSPATH division. He previously worked for NBC affiliate WLWT in Cincinnati, CBS affiliate WWMT in Kalamazoo, Michigan and KCOY in Santa Maria, California, in addition to KIEM in Eureka, California. 

</doc>
<doc id="19277073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277073" title="All Saints' Church, Granby">
All Saints' Church, Granby

All Saints' Church, Granby is a parish church in the Church of England in Granby, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church is medieval (fragments dating from the 12th century) but was reduced in size and the tower repaired c. 1777. The chancel originally had a terracotta east window, replaced by one of stone in 1888. Fragments of the original, including two cusped heads, lie in the chancel.
Current parish status.
All Saints' Church, Granby is in the Wiverton group of parishes which includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19277089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277089" title="The Boy in Me">
The Boy in Me

The Boy in Me is the 53rd album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).
Charts.
Singles - CCM charts (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19277093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277093" title="John Price (classical scholar)">
John Price (classical scholar)

John Price (Pricaeus) (c.1602–1676) was an English classical scholar, publisher and collector of books. He was a Roman Catholic who described himself as ‘Anglo-Britannus’.
In 1635, in Paris, he published the "Apologia of Apuleius". 
From 1652 the Medicis employed him as their "keeper of coins". He was also appointed professor of Greek at Pisa. 
In 1661 he moved, under patronage of Cardinal Francesco Barberini, to Rome where he died in 1676.

</doc>
<doc id="19277106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277106" title="Amélie Kuhrt">
Amélie Kuhrt

Amélie Kuhrt FBA (born 1944) is a historian and specialist in the history of the ancient Near East.
She was educated at King's College London, University College London and SOAS.
Professor Emerita at University College London, she specialises in the social, cultural and political history of the region from c.3000-100 BC, especially the Assyrian, Babylonian, Persian and Seleucid empires. She was co-organiser of the Achaemenid History Workshops from 1983 to 1990. In 1997, her book "The Ancient Near East : c.3000-330 BC" was awarded the annual American History Association's James Henry Breasted Prize for the best book in English on any field of history prior to the year 1000 AD.
Kuhrt was elected a Fellow of the British Academy in 2001. She is currently a member of the British Academy's Projects Committee, which is responsible for assessing the scope for new projects and initiatives sponsored by the Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="19277112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277112" title="Pavel Roman Memorial">
Pavel Roman Memorial

The Pavel Roman Memorial () is an international ice dancing competition organized by the Czech Skating Association. Named after Pavel Roman, the competition is held annually in Olomouc, Czech Republic. 

</doc>
<doc id="19277113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277113" title="Caroline Farner">
Caroline Farner

Caroline Farner (1842–1913) is notable for being the second female Swiss doctor as well as a campaigner for the Swiss women's movement.
Early life.
Born and raised in Guntershausen bei Aadorf, she was the seventh and youngest children of a farmer and his wife, who was the main provider of health care for the surrounding area. After her mother's death when she was 15, Farner was brought up by her elder sister. After leaving school, she worked as a governess in Scotland for eight years.
Public life.
After nursing several family members through illness, she became disillusioned with her previous choice of career. Deciding instead on medicine, she first gained the necessary school-leaving certificate (teaching herself Latin and mathematics in record time) before entering Zurich University in 1871. In 1877 she completed her medical degree, only the second Swiss woman to do so, and continued her training in Vienna, Paris and Budapest before returning to Zurich to open a practice. During the thirty-six years it operated, the practice grew to be one of the biggest in the city and, despite offering free service to the poor, Farner had amassed a not insignificant fortune.
Beyond the medical world, Farner put her considerable talent in public speaking to good use in the leading role she played in the Swiss women's movement. Under her leadership, the Swiss Worker's Union secured a placement centre for female domestic servants, a women's clinic and a sanatorium for women in Urnasch (in 1907 she donated this to the city of Zurich for use as a holiday camp). In 1892, Farner and her partner Anna Pfrunder were arrested for embezzling of 60000 Francs of ward money, an erroneous charge brought about by opponents of the women's movement scared of her success. Despite no evidence, Farner and Pfrunder were imprisoned for seven months in solitary confinement before eventual acquittal following a drawn-out investigation by one General Judge Wittelsbach. Their release garnered support for their cause from other women's movements Europe-wide and led to Meta von Salis-Marschlins in an editorial in the commemorative issue of "Philanthropin" calling for universal suffrage, as only this could prevent such an injustice happening again and “that women have to be employed in government, court, police, prison authorities, in short, wherever women’s interest are concerned.” Returning to work after the courtcase and she continued her practice until her death in 1913. Following the death of Pfrunder in 1925, their house was gifted to the Zurich section of the Lyceum Club. Furthermore they established the Anna-Carolina Foundation to support female students, an organisation that continues to award scholarships to this day. Her life has also become the subject of a novel by Rosemarie Keller entitled "Ich bereue nicht einen meiner Schritte. Leben und Prozess der Ärztin Caroline Farner" (or "I do not Regret Any of my Actions: the Life and Trial of Doctor Caroline Farner.")
Private life.
Farner lived with Anna Pfrunder for thirty-two years, first in Pfrunder's parents' house and then, following friction, in a house of their own; the Villa Ehrenberg, Rämistrasse 26 in Zurich. Pfrunder brought her niece with her when she moved to Villa Ehrenberg and it was the prolonged legal battle to gain guardianship of her nephew as well that brought the couple to the attention of Judge Wittelsbach. In the end the guardianship was refused on the grounds that "the office for orphans cannot have any faith that those two women can give the two children a proper upbringing" after Pfrunder "had estranged herself from her father and mother, both infirm and frail, to cuddle up with a strange person and to live with this person." Despite the undoubted strains the many trials and the eventual imprisonment they suffered, the couple remained companions for life, still together when Farner died in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="19277123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277123" title="Haynes International">
Haynes International

Haynes International Inc. is a manufacturer of metal alloys employing more than 1,070 employees worldwide with sales of $434.4 million United States Dollars in 2007 with 8 plants around the world. The corporation is headquartered in Kokomo, Indiana. The company specializes in corrosion resistant, and high-temperature alloys for the aerospace, chemical, and gas turbine industries.
History.
The company was founded in 1912 as Haynes Stellite Works by Elwood Haynes in Kokomo, Indiana. In the late 1880s Haynes started experimenting with various alloys to create a metal that would resist corrosion. After creating new alloys from nickel and chromium he had them patented and started building a foundry in 1912. In 1920 the company was sold to Union Carbide. Haynes is now a publicly traded company. Its fiscal year ends on September 29.
Haynes International now primarily produces two families of products, Ultimet and Hastelloy. Both sets of alloys are designed to be highly corrosion and wear resistant compared to common types of iron alloys. Each set of alloys has variations with advantages and disadvantages for specific uses.
Ultimet.
Ultimet is a cobalt based metal alloy produced by Haynes International, Inc. Compared to various iron-based alloys, it is highly resistant to corrosion, galling (where two surfaces stick, then rip apart), and wear.
The corrosion resistance of ultimet is similar to that exhibited by hastelloy. Ultimet performs similarly to Stellite in wear resistance.
Ultimet is composed of several alloying elements in the following proportions: 54% Cobalt (as balance), 26% Chromium, 9% Nickel, 5% Molybdenum, 3% Iron, 2%Tungsten, 0.8% Manganese, 0.3% Silicon 0.08% Nitrogen and 0.06% Carbon.
The primary function of ultimet alloys is that of effective survival of a moderately to severely corrosive, and/or erosion or wear prone environment where more common and less expensive iron- alloys would fail, including the such applications as nozzles, pumps, fan blades, fluid mixing and agitating equipment, dies (including those for extrusion) and valves.
Ultimet is also available in many different forms including plates, sheets, billets, bars, wires and covered electrodes.
Ultimet alloy can be machined, although this is made more challenging by the strength of the material and its tendency to work-harden rapidly. Carbide tipped tools are recommended. Ultimet can also be joined using a variety of fusion welding techniques; Gas tungsten arc welding and Gas metal arc welding are recommended.
Hastelloy.
Hastelloy is the registered trademark name of Haynes International, Inc. The trademark is applied as the prefix name of a range of twenty two different highly corrosion-resistant metal alloys, loosely grouped by the metallurgical industry under the material term “superalloys” or “high-performance alloys”.
The predominant alloying ingredient is typically the transition metal nickel. Other alloying ingredients are added to nickel in each of the subcategories of this trademark designation and include varying percentages of the elements molybdenum, chromium, cobalt, iron, copper, manganese, titanium, zirconium, aluminum, carbon, and tungsten.
The primary function of the Hastelloy super alloys is that of effective survival under high-temperature, high-stress service in a moderately to severely corrosive, and/or erosion-prone environment where more common and less expensive iron-based alloys would fail, including the pressure vessels of some nuclear reactors, chemical reactors, distillation equipment, and pipes and valves in chemical industry. Although a super alloy, Hastelloy does experience degradation due to fabricating and handling. Electropolishing or passivation of Hastelloy can improve corrosion resistance.
The following Hastelloy alloys have been produced; however, production of some may have been discontinued:

</doc>
<doc id="19277132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277132" title="James West (antiquary)">
James West (antiquary)

James West PRS (2 May 1703 – 2 July 1772) was a British politician and antiquary, who served as President of the Royal Society between 1768 and 1772.
West was educated at Balliol College, Oxford. He was elected a fellow of the Royal Society in 1726, and acted as the society's treasurer from 1736 to 1768. He served as President of the Royal Society from 1768 until his death in 1772. 
He was elected as MP for St Albans at the 1741 general election.
In 1768 he became the member for Boroughbridge, Yorkshire which he served until 1772. 
West served twice as junior Secretary to the Treasury and twice as senior Secretary to the Treasury.
James West the younger (1742-1795), was the only son of James West (1703-1772) and his wife, Sarah Steavens (-1799) 

</doc>
<doc id="19277138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277138" title="Provinces of Colombia">
Provinces of Colombia

Colombia is divided into 32 "departments." These in turn are divided into "municipalities," though some receive the special category of "district". However, there are also "provinces", a generic name applied to provinces, districts, regions and subregions. These are generally internal administrative authorities of the departments, more historical than legal. Most Colombian provinces have this kind of subdivision. Those that do not are the departments of Amazonas, Arauca, Caquetá, Casanare, Chocó, Guainía, Guaviare, Putumayo, San Andrés y Providencia, Vaupés, and Vichada.

</doc>
<doc id="19277150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277150" title="Microcredit Summit Campaign">
Microcredit Summit Campaign

The Microcredit Summit Campaign, an American non-profit organization, started as an effort to bring together microcredit practitioners, advocates, educational institutions, donor agencies, international financial institutions, non-governmental organizations and others involved with microcredit around the goal of alleviating world poverty through microfinance.
History.
The first Microcredit Summit was held February 2–4, 1997 in Washington, DC. The first summit had approximately 3,000 in attendance from 137 countries. Hillary Clinton gave the keynote speech at the first Summit.
The outcome of the first Summit was the launch of a "campaign" to reach 100 million of the world’s poorest families, especially the women of those families, with credit for self-employment and other financial and business services by the year 2005. In January 2009, to coincide with the release of the State of the Microcredit Summit Campaign Report 2009 (SOCR), the Microcredit Summit Campaign announced that over 100 million of the world's poorest families had received a microloan.
Approach.
The Campaign was founded by Muhammad Yunus, Sam Daley-Harris, and John Hatch on a principle that emphasized a citizen-led approach of establishing and meeting a collective global goal. The Campaign represents more than a single organization and is a social movement that aims to advance the microfinance field and foster a productive learning community.
Microfinance access.
By December 31, 2010, the Campaign counted more than 3,600 microfinance institutions that reported reaching more than 205 million clients with a current loan. Of these institutions in the developing world, 1,009 are in Sub-Saharan African, 1,746 are in Asia and the Pacific, 647 are in Latin America and the Caribbean with the remainder (250) in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) and the industrialized regions of (1) North America and Western Europe and (2) Eastern Europe and Central Asia.
According to the State of the Microcredit Summit Campaign Report 2012, out of the total number of clients reached in 2010, 137.5 million were among the poorest and 82.3 percent (113.1 million) were women.
The growth in the number of very poor women reached has gone from 10.3 million at the end of 1999 to 113.1 million at the end of 2010. This is a 1,001 percent increase in the number of poorest women reached from December 31, 1999 to December 31, 2010. The increase represents an additional 109.9 million poorest women receiving microloans in the last 11 years.
Of the 137.5 million poorest clients, 122.5 million of them (89 percent) are being served by the 85 largest individual institutions and networks reporting to the Campaign, all with 100,000 or more poorest clients.
Survey methodology.
The Microcredit Summit Campaign has collected data for 14 years and began verifying that data in 2000.
The process of identifying access to microfinance consists of (1) the circulation of Institutional Action Plans (IAPs) to thousands of practitioners with a request for submission of their most recent data; (2) a phone campaign to hundreds of the largest MFIs in the world to encourage submission; (3) a verification process seeking third-party corroboration of the data submitted by the largest MFIs; (4) data compilation and analysis; and (5) the writing of the report.
Note: The data presented in the final report comes mainly from individual institutions and excludes network institutions to prevent double counting.

</doc>
<doc id="19277185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277185" title="Calon FM">
Calon FM

Calon FM is a community radio station broadcasting primarily to Wrexham and the surrounding urban areas, along with fair coverage through much of the central areas of Wrexham County Borough, and parts of southern Flintshire. The station is owned and operated by Glyndŵr University and broadcasts from studios at The Wall Recording Studio on Glyndŵr University's campus in Wrexham. 
Calon FM was first launched as a RSL radio station, originally covering events at the 2005 "Wrexham Science Festival" on 87.7FM. In 2006, the station was granted a 5-year community radio licence. The station officially launched on Saturday 1 March 2008 on 105FM in Wrexham after a short period of test transmissions. Calon FM's aim is to "encourage and facilitate the empowerment, life long learning, development and generation of our community, regardless of race, gender, age or disability".
Calon FM broadcasts around 85 hours a week of music, features, sport, talk and specialist programming produced and presented by volunteers with other output consisting of automated music. The station also simulcasts national Sky News Radio bulletins during live programming hours - local news and sport features within the station's output including interviews during its flagship breakfast and lunchtime shows, weekly sports programming on Monday & Friday afternoons and a fortnightly topical chat show provided by local news website Wrexham.com.
The station aims for its daytime output to consist of 70% music and 30% speech, whilst its evening output to be 80%-20% respectively, with weekly programmes in Welsh featuring alongside occasional programming in other languages. Calon FM is one of two local radio stations based in the town; the other being Global Radio's Heart North West and Wales, a regional ILR station.
In November 2013, the station won the Wales category in the Radio Academy Nations and Regions Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19277187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277187" title="Stuart Holroyd">
Stuart Holroyd

Stuart Holroyd (born 10 August 1933 in Bradford, Yorkshire) is a British writer.
He first came to prominence for the philosophical and critical works produced during his close association with the writers Colin Wilson and Bill Hopkins, but has since written prolifically on parapsychology, contacts with extraterrestrial life, sexual love and other topics.
Life.
The son of Thomas Holroyd and Edith (King) Holroyd, Stuart Holroyd attended University College London (1957–58) but left without completing his degree.
He published his first book, "Emergence from Chaos", in 1957 at the age of twenty-three. The same publisher, Victor Gollancz, had recently published "The Outsider", the first book by Holroyd's friend Colin Wilson. Wilson and Holroyd, along with the novelist Bill Hopkins, were associated with the literary movement known as the Angry Young Men. In the same year, Holroyd, Wilson and Hopkins each contributed an essay to "Declaration" - an anthology of statements by writers and artists then labelled, rightly or wrongly, as Angry Young Men (the contributors included not only John Osborne and Kingsley Amis but Doris Lessing and the director Lindsay Anderson). On 9 March 1958, Holroyd's play, "The Tenth Chance" was produced at the Royal Court Theatre; disturbances in the audience during the single performance, and a subsequent confrontation in a nearby public house involving Kenneth Tynan, Christopher Logue and Colin Wilson were widely reported.
"Emergence from Chaos" was a literary/psychological study of several modern poets. Holroyd's next book, "Flight and Pursuit" (1959) was an autobiographical examination of the author's search for "spiritual values".
In 1961, Holroyd married Susan Joy Bennett. With the exception of a textbook on English literature ("The English Imagination"), Holroyd did not publish another book for sixteen years. "Contraries; A Personal Progression", which appeared in 1975, was a memoir of the "angry" years of the late 1950s, containing portraits of Wilson and Hopkins.
Holroyd has since turned his attention to different subjects, writing a series of books on the paranormal, parapsychology, encounters with extraterrestrial life, gnosticism and the philosophy of Krishnamurti. His most recent publication, 'His Dear Time's Waste' (Pronoia Books, 2013)is described as 'a 1950s literary and love life memoir', a re-issue of the basic text of 'Contraries' with substantial additions derived from journals, correspondence and other early writings and reflections from a present point of view.

</doc>
<doc id="19277198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277198" title="Holy Trinity Church, Tythby">
Holy Trinity Church, Tythby

Holy Trinity Church, Tythby is a parish church in the Church of England in Tithby, Nottinghamshire. The building is Grade I listed. 
History.
Holy Trinity is a medieval church dating from the 14th century, rebuilt in the 18th century, and has Georgian furnishings including a pulpit with reader's desk, box pews, squire's pew and west gallery.
Current parish status.
Holy Trinity Church, Tythby is in the Wiverton group of parishes which includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19277210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277210" title="Toki no Nai Hotel">
Toki no Nai Hotel

Pictures featured on the back and front sleeve art were taken at the Brown's Hotel in London.　No songs were released as a single except "Tamerai", which was first appeared on B-Side of a non-album track "Daydream" released in May 1980.
Like other studio albums which came out after she moved to EMI in 1977, "Toki No Nai Hotel" was released on CD for the first time in 1985. The album was reissued in 1999, with digitally remastered by Bernie Grundman.
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Yumi Matsutoya, arranged by Masataka Matsutoya.
Footnotes

</doc>
<doc id="19277218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277218" title="Janie (given name)">
Janie (given name)

Janie is a female diminutive name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19277221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277221" title="Sugarbunnies">
Sugarbunnies

The series gained a Japanese anime series in 2007. The series is directed by Hiroshi Kugimiya, the key animator of Death Note and produced by Asahi Production. The original series premiered on TV Tokyo and Kids Station as a segment of the program Kitty Paradise Plus on April 3, 2007 and ended later that year with 27 episodes.
Story.
One day, 14 bunnies were transported from their home world of Bunniesfield to the human world in order to complete a task assigned to them by the Two Queens. As they arrive, they meet and befriend Sophia, a human girl who dreams of being the best pastry chief in all of Europe. Although Sophia keeps the bunnies hidden from everyone in town, even her parents, their cover is blown when the whole town finds out they are real. Together, they make delicious foods with the Sugarbunnies each making their own special treats.
Setting.
The anime takes place in Europe, mostly in some provinces in France, on which pastry chiefs and baking were part of their tradition. It's also hinted in the second episode of Sugarbunnies: Chocolat! that Paris is also seen.
Sequels.
Two sequel series were produced to coincide with the series. The sequel series, titled premiered on April 1, 2008 and once again ended with 27 episodes on September 23. On February 16, 2009, a third season was announced by Sanrio titled , which started airing on April 7, 2009 and ended on September 29, 2009.
A manga adaptation by Kanaki Shiori titled is published by Shogakukan, serialized in the Ladybug Comics Special label.
DVD releases.
All 3 series gained a major DVD-box release in Japan by Pony Canyon, featuring all the episodes of all three arcs and both Opening and Ending songs never used in the anime itself.

</doc>
<doc id="19277279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277279" title="List of schools in Camden">
List of schools in Camden

The following is a list of schools in the London Borough of Camden.
This list covers primary school (including infant and junior schools), secondary schools, special schools and further education colleges in the borough. Schools are in the state sector unless otherwise indicated:
Camden had 42 Primary Schools, 10 Secondary Schools and 8 special schools.
Camden Local Education Authority was declared the best in England for quality of Primary School Provison in a 2012 Ofsted report, with 92% of children attending a good or outstanding Primary School.
Camden has one Academy, UCL Academy. It also has two Free Schools, St Luke's Church of England School and Abacus Belsize Park School.
Notes.
All list retrieved from here.

</doc>
<doc id="19277291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277291" title="BBC Charter">
BBC Charter

The BBC Charter established the BBC (or British Broadcasting Corporation). An accompanying Agreement recognises its editorial independence and sets out its public obligations in detail. Each Charter has run for ten years.
The most recent Charter was granted to the BBC on 19 September 2006. It took full effect from 1 January 2007.
A number of important changes were made in the latest Charter to the Corporation's management and purpose:

</doc>
<doc id="19277313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277313" title="Peter Hall (bishop)">
Peter Hall (bishop)

Albert Peter Hall (born 2 September 1930, died 28 December 2013) was the Bishop of Woolwich from 1984 until 1996. 
Hall was educated at Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School, Blackburn and St John's College, Cambridge. Ordained in 1956 he began his ministry as a curate at St Martin's, Birmingham after which he was the Rector of Avondale, Harare and then St Martin in the Bull Ring, Birmingham before his ordination to the episcopate. A keen mountain walker, he is married with two sons and in retirement continues to serve the church as an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="19277329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277329" title="Bela Hodod">
Bela Hodod

Bela Hodod (Arabic for with no frontiers), an Arab live television talk show from Cairo, which airs on Al Jazeera Channel weekly, it presented by Ahmed Mansour.
The programme airs every Wednesday at 22:05 Mecca Time(19:05 GMT) and replays on the next day.

</doc>
<doc id="19277331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277331" title="Ahmed Mansour (journalist)">
Ahmed Mansour (journalist)

Ahmed Mansour is an Egyptian television presenter and interviewer. He presents Bela Hodod (Arabic for without frontiers), an Arab live television talk show from Cairo, which airs on Al Jazeera Channel weekly. He also presents the program "Shahed Ala Al-Asr". In 2009, he published the book "Inside Fallujah: the Unembedded Story". He is also commonly known to be a member of the Muslim Brotherhood.

</doc>
<doc id="19277336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277336" title="Geobrowsing">
Geobrowsing

Geobrowsing is seeking and accessing information on the Internet via a method that is reverse of the traditional Web navigational path. Rather than navigating through a series of linear or non-linear hyperlinks, users browse content visually — typically on a map — similar to the way they think, and then navigate down to the textual information.
An example of this would be the confluence of "points of interest," the user's location and a virtual map coming together to allow the user to efficiently find what they are looking for within a specified radius from where they are standing. Other tenets of Geobrowsing include the user's presence and the presence of friends, the ability to interact among those friends and other contextual information.
Geobrowsing as a concept has its roots in AOL, where it was prototyped in the late 1990s.
Today XOHM is generally credited for pioneering initial demonstrations of Geobrowsing on its mobile broadband network, now merged with Clear.

</doc>
<doc id="19277344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277344" title="Jacob Petros II Hovsepian">
Jacob Petros II Hovsepian

Hagop Petros II Hovsepian (in Armenian Յակոբ Պետրոս Բ. Յովսէփեան ) was born in Aleppo, Syria. He spent 10 years living spiritual life at St. Antoine’s Convent. Ordained as priest by Monsignor Ardzivian in 1720. His first church was in Pasha, Ottoman Empire. He was later ordained Bishop by Ardzivian with two other priests, they in turn consecrated Abraham Petros I Ardzivian, patriarch.
He was the assistant to Abraham Petros I Ardzivian for 35 years.
Abraham Petros I Ardzivian and Hagop are responsible for the construction of the convent at Bzommar with also became the Seat of the patriarch from 1749 on.
Hagop with his predecessor are the founders of the order of St. Antoine’s and the convent at Kreim.

</doc>
<doc id="19277358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277358" title="Cultural depictions of Philip II of Spain">
Cultural depictions of Philip II of Spain

Philip II of Spain has inspired artistic and cultural works for over four centuries, as the most powerful ruler in the Europe of his day, and subsequently a central figure in the "Black Legend" of Spanish power. The following list covers representations of him in drama, opera, film, novels, and verse. A small selection of the many artistic portrayals of Philip is shown in gallery form.
Poem.
<poem>
King Philip's in his closet with the Fleece about his neck
"(Don John of Austria is armed upon the deck.)"
The walls are hung with velvet that is black and soft as sin,
And little dwarfs creep out of it and little dwarfs creep in.
He holds a crystal phial that has colours like the moon,
He touches, and it tingles, and he trembles very soon,
And his face is as a fungus of a leprous white and grey
Like plants in the high houses that are shuttered from the day,
And death is in the phial, and the end of noble work,
But Don John of Austria has fired upon the Turk.</poem>
Art.
Allegories.
<poem>
Not longe time since I sawe a cowe
Did Flaunders represente
Upon whose backe King Philup rode
As being malecontnt.
The Queene of England giving hay
Wheareon the cow did feede,
As one that was her greatest helpe
In her distresse and neede.
The Prince of Orange milkt the cowe
And made his purse the payle.
The cow did shyt in Monsieur's hand
While he did hold her tayle.</poem>
Further reading.
Sue Parrill and William B. Robison, "The Tudors on Film and Television" (McFarland, 2013). ISBN 978-0786458912.

</doc>
<doc id="19277374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277374" title="Nguyễn Phúc Cảnh">
Nguyễn Phúc Cảnh

Nguyễn Phúc Cảnh (1780–1801, also known as Prince Cảnh, was the eldest son of the Vietnamese Prince Nguyễn Phúc Ánh, the future Emperor Gia Long. At the age of seven, he famously visited France with the French Catholic Father Pigneau de Béhaine to sign an alliance between France and Vietnam. Although Prince Cảnh was the legitimate heir to the throne, he died before his father, and none of his descendants ascended the throne after one of his half-brothers was chosen by Gia Long.
Life.
Born April 6, 1780, Nguyễn Phúc Cảnh was the second son of Nguyễn Phúc Ánh and his first wife, Empress Tống Thị Lan (his older brother died soon after birth).
Embassy to France.
In 1785, at the age of five, Nguyễn Phúc Cảnh accompanied the French Catholic Father Pigneau de Béhaine to France in order to sign a treaty of alliance between France and Vietnam, the 1788 Treaty of Versailles. Prince Canh was also accompanied by two mandarins, a cousin, who became a Catholic known as Prince Pascal, soldiers and servants. The party reached Pondicherry in February 1785. Unable to obtain help, they left Pondicherry for France in July 1786. which they reached in February 1787. 
The party met with King Louis XVI on May 5 or 6, 1787. The Treaty of Versailles (1787) was signed on 28 November 1787. Prince Cảnh created a sensation at the court of Louis XVI, leading the famous hairdresser Léonard to create a hairstyle in his honour ""au prince de Cochinchine"". His portrait was made in France by Maupérin, and is now on display at the Séminaire des Missions Étrangères in Paris. Prince Canh dazzled the Court and even played with the son of Louis XVI, Louis-Joseph, Dauphin of France. 
Prince Canh became highly favourable to Christianity. He strongly desired to be baptized, but Pigneau de Behaine refrained doing so in order to avoid a negative reaction at the Vietnamese court.
Return to Vietnam.
The party would leave France in December 1787 on board the "Dryade", again staying in Pondicherry from May 1788 to July 1789. After his return from France, he refused to kneel in front of the altar of his ancestors, and painted crosses on Buddhist statues. 
In 1793, Nguyễn Phúc Cảnh became "Crown Prince of the Eastern Palace". From 1794 he participated to all the military expeditions, and his father Nguyễn Ánh insisted that he be accompanied every time by Father Pigneau de Behaine. He was besieged by the Tây Sơn with Pigneau de Behaine in the citadel of Duyen Khanh in 1794.
After Pigneau de Behaine died at the Siege of Quy Nhon in 1799, Prince Cảnh made a funerary oration to his former master:
Prince Canh seems to have been baptized secretly towards the end of his life. According to Vietnamese annals:
He died in 1801 of smallpox. Missionaries claimed however that he was poisoned. As Nguyễn Phúc Cảnh was the presumptive heir to Gia Long, Canh's eldest son Mỹ Đường was next in line for the succession. 
Gia Long however changed the primogeniture rule of succession to include "testamental measures" ("gia thien ha"), and ultimately changed his successor to the fourth son of one of his concubines, who became emperor Minh Mạng.
Descendants.
In 1824, My Duong, the eldest son of Prince Canh, was apparently accused of incest with his mother (Prince Canh's widow) by mandarin Lê Văn Duyệt, with the result that he was banished from the royal court, while his mother died in prison. My Duong was only rehabilitated in 1848 during the reign of Tự Đức, one year before his death. 
The 1833-1835 Le Van Khoi revolt attempted to reestablish Prince Canh's line to the throne. This choice was designed to obtain the support of Catholic missionaries and Vietnamese Catholics, who had been supporting with Lê Văn Duyệt the line of Prince Canh.
My Duong's eldest son was Le Trung, who received the title of Marquis "Ứng Hòa Hầu" in 1826. Le Trung's eldest son was Anh Nhu (also known as Tang Nhu), who was considered as a candidate to the throne under French rule, following the establishment of the protectorate on Annam in 1884, and once again after the death of Đồng Khánh in 1889. 
Anh Nhu, grand-grandson of Prince Canh, was the father of Cường Để, the eldest son of three, who became a well-known independentist and collaborator with the Japanese during World War II. Cường Để, according to the old rule of primogeniture was the heir of the Nguyễn Dynasty.
Notes.
• a) ""Đông Cung Hoàng Thái tử"" in Vietnamese.

</doc>
<doc id="19277381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277381" title="Noseworthy">
Noseworthy

Noseworthy is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19277399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277399" title="Veladi">
Veladi

Veladi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19277431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277431" title="Fornaka">
Fornaka

Fornaka is a location in Algeria. Fornaka is located 27 km (17miles) from Mostaganem, the wilaya (province) capital, and from Oran, the country's second largest city. The city is located slightly west on the Greenwich meridian. As of 1998, the commune had a total population of 14,371.
History.
In 1870, Fornaka became the settlement for the German-speaking refugees from Alsace and Lorraine. They were not the first who tried to start a new life in this fertile land. 
At the end of the 15th century, the Christian Spain expelled millions of its non-Christian citizens. Hundreds of the Moors came to Stidia and Fornaka and implemented a new life at the image of their former life in the lost for ever Andalus.
During the two last decades, Fornaka is facing the problem of the immigration of the youth to Spain, France, Germany and North America.
Name.
According to Salim Ammar who was born in Fornaka and lived till the age of 33 years in Fornaka, this town was named according to the Amazigh (Berber legend) of the king Arzew and his two sons Fornak and Aghbal. The reference is the oral myths collected from the inhabitants of bethioua and published in the "Revue africaine" in 1911 by the " Societe Geographique Algerienne".
Through the description of the 300 years fighting against the Spanish military presence in the "Presidio " of Oran, the Arab Geographers named the actual Fornaka as'Fom Al Bah'r", literally the mouth of the sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19277438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277438" title="Tim Pyle">
Tim Pyle

Tim Pyle (born 23 October 1969) is a filmmaker based in Southern California. He currently produces a number of animations for NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope, and is a principal in an independent production company, Hogofilm.
With Hogofilm, Pyle wrote and directed a 2007 feature titled "Decaying Orbit (film)", which was nominated for Best Feature Film at the 2007 Terror Film Festival, and won Best Science Fiction Actress (Åsa Wallander) at the 2007 ShockerFest International Film Festival, where it was also nominated for Best Science Fiction Film and Best Sci-Fi Actor (Andy Allen).
As part of NASA's Spitzer Science Center, Pyle writes and directs a number of video podcasts, including "Robot Astronomy Talk Show" and "Spaceship Spitzer", and the award-winning short "M51 and Gizmo".
Previously, Pyle worked for 10 years as an animator in the visual effects industry. He worked on the Academy Award nominated "Jimmy Neutron", Emmy nominated series "Starship Troopers: the Series", and the Emmy-winning "Children of Dune". He has won two Aegis Awards, a Telly Award, a CINE Golden Eagle, and a 2006 NASA award for producing CG animation.

</doc>
<doc id="19277457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277457" title="List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2003">
List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2003

These are "The Official UK Charts Company" UK Official Rock Chart number one hits of 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19277461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277461" title="Newhook">
Newhook

Newhook is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19277478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277478" title="Kaseman Beckman Advanced Strategies">
Kaseman Beckman Advanced Strategies

Kaseman Beckman Advanced Strategies (KBAS) is a design and architecture firm founded in 2002 and based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Its principals are Julie Beckman and Keith Kaseman. Among the firm's completed projects are large-scale memorials such as the Pentagon Memorial in Arlington, Virginia, and business-sized workspaces such as Studio 34: Yoga | Healing | Arts, a yoga-and-arts studio in Philadelphia.
In 2006, KBAS was named by the Architectural League of New York as a winner of the Young Architects competition for projects in the theme Instability. 
In 2011, the American Council of Engineering Companies awarded the firm their National Honor Award. That year, the Illuminating Engineering Society of North America awarded KBAS a Philament Award, and McGraw-Hill Construction selected them for Project of the Year in park/side/landscaping. That same year, the Design-Build Institute of America awarded KBAS their Design-Build Excellence Award.
In 2012, the American Institute of Architects awarded KBAS a National Medal of Service (a gold medallion) at their Architects of Healing ceremony, which honored architects involved in 9/11 memorials and rebuilding efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="19277485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277485" title="Trade-Mark Cases">
Trade-Mark Cases

The Trade-Mark Cases, 100 U.S. 82 (1879), were a set of three cases consolidated into a single appeal before the United States Supreme Court, which in 1879 ruled that the Copyright Clause of the Constitution gave Congress no power to protect or regulate trademarks. 100 U.S. 82 (1879). Congress then passed the Trade Mark Act of 1881, which was based on the Commerce Clause power, and therefore passed constitutional muster.
The cases below were "United States v. Steffens", "United States v. Wittemean", and "United States v. Johnson". The first two cases dealt with alleged counterfeiting of marks associated with champagne. The third dealt with alleged counterfeiting of a mark associated with whiskey.
The opinion was written by Justice Samuel Freeman Miller.
The Court did not exclude all possibility of Congress regulating trademarks. Congress, however, read the decision very strictly and in a new trademark law enacted in 1881 regulated only trademarks used in commerce with foreign nations, and with the Indian tribes, areas specified under the Commerce Clause. It was not until 1905 that Congress would again enact a trademark law generally governing marks in use in the United States, though the 1905 act was also carefully worded to fall within the Commerce Clause.

</doc>
<doc id="19277487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277487" title="Victoria County Station">
Victoria County Station

The Victoria County Station was a proposed two-unit nuclear power plant, in Victoria County, Texas, until the project was canceled in August 2012. 
Exelon filed a Combined Construction and Operating License (COL) application for the plant on September 3, 2008 with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC). In July 2009, Exelon announced that it was suspending its COL application. In March 2010, Exelon announced that it was formally withdrawing its COL application, while submitting its application for an early site permit (ESP). 
On August 28, 2012, Exelon announced that it had notified the Nuclear Regulatory Commission that it was withdrawing its ESP application, which brought to an end all project activity. 

</doc>
<doc id="19277514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277514" title="St. John's Church, Colston Bassett">
St. John's Church, Colston Bassett

St. John's Church, Colston Bassett is a parish church in the Church of England in Colston Bassett, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
History.
St. John's Church, Colston Bassett was erected in 1892 by the architect Arthur Brewill at the behest of Robert Millington Knowles, High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire. However, the construction was of poor quality and the church needed substantial restoration. This was undertaken in 1934 by Charles Marriott Oldrid Scott. The Bishop of Southwell Rt. Revd Henry Mosley re-opened the repaired building on 12 August 1936, at the same time as he instituted the new vicar, the Rev. John Booth
Current parish status.
St. John's Church, Colston Bassett is in the Wiverton group of parishes which includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19277517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277517" title="National Aboriginal Health Organization">
National Aboriginal Health Organization

The" National Aboriginal Health Organization" (NAHO) was an Aboriginal-designed and -controlled not-for-profit body in Canada that worked to influence and advance the health and well-being of Aboriginal Peoples. The organization's funding was eliminated as part of the 2012 Canadian federal budget and NAHO ceased operations on June 30, 2012. 
Incorporated in 2000, NAHO received core funding from Health Canada to undertake knowledge-based activities such as education, research and knowledge dissemination. With Aboriginal communities as its primary focus, NAHO used both traditional Aboriginal and contemporary Western healing and wellness approaches.
NAHO defined "Aboriginal Peoples" using the Canadian Constitution Act, 1982, sections 25 and 35, to consist of three groups – Indian (First Nations), Inuit, and Métis.
Its main objectives were to improve and promote Aboriginal health, understanding of health issues affecting Aboriginal Peoples and research, foster participation of Aboriginal Peoples in delivery of health care, and affirm and protect Aboriginal traditional healing practices.
Structure.
NAHO was governed by a Board of Directors made up of 13 directors, 8 of which were appointed by: Congress of Aboriginal Peoples, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, the Métis National Council, and Native Women's Association of Canada. An additional five board members were elected by the 10 appointed board members.
NAHO was subdivided into three centres - the First Nations Centre, the Inuit Tuttarvingat (formerly known as the Ajunnginiq Centre), and the Métis Centre. They advanced health and well-being by focusing on the distinct needs of their respective populations and promoting culturally relevant approaches to health care.
Activities.
NAHO had a number of projects that addressed Aboriginal health care issues including suicide prevention, healthy living, midwifery, and traditional health and healing. It also publishes research on its Web site, and presents at a number of conferences related to Aboriginal health. 
Journal of Aboriginal Health.
The Journal of Aboriginal Health is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal on Aboriginal health published by the National Aboriginal Health Organization of Canada. It was established in 2004 and publishes original research, editorials, and suggestions for further reading. Each issue of the journal has a guest editor who solicits appropriate papers from a variety of perspectives.

</doc>
<doc id="19277530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277530" title="Manningford">
Manningford

Manningford is a civil parish in Wiltshire, England. The parish includes the villages of Manningford Abbots, Manningford Bohune, Manningford Bohune Common and Manningford Bruce, together known as the Manningfords.
History.
Manningford Abbots or Abbas.
The eastern third of the Parish, so- called from its ownership by the Abbot of Hyde Abbey, Winchester, founded by Alfred the Great. The Abbot also had the chapelry at Alton Priors. He held it until the Dissolution of the Monasteries. In 1547 it went to the Seymour family (Dukes of Somerset and then Northumberland) until it was split up in 1768. There was probably a parish church in the 10th century and certainly one in 1291. Its dedication is unknown. The church was rebuilt in 1861-64 to designs by the architect S.B. Gabriel of Bristol.
Manningford Bohune.
The western third of the Parish, held by Amelric de Drewes 1086, name from 12th century Humphrey de Bohun (related to Bohun Earls of Hereford). The Church of England parish church of All Saints was built in 1859 to designs by the architect N.E. Clacey.
Manningford Bruce.
The central third of the Parish, held by Grimbald the Goldsmith in 1086, named after the Norman William de Breuse in 1275. The Church of England parish church of Saint Peter is Norman.

</doc>
<doc id="19277592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277592" title="Constitutional Party (Malta)">
Constitutional Party (Malta)

The Constitutional Party was a pro-British political party in Malta which had representatives in the Maltese Legislative Assembly and Council of Government between 1921 and 1945 and 1950 and 1953, forming a government between 1927 and 1930 with the support of the Labour Party. A splinter group, the Progressive Constitutional Party was represented in Parliament between 1962 and 1966. The party was very much centred on the figure (and wealth) of its long-time leader Lord Strickland and, in fact, party supporters were colloquially known in Maltese as ""Stricklandjani"".
Foundation.
The Party was formed in 1921, in time for the first elections to the Legislative Assembly, from the merger of Strickland's Anglo-Maltese Party and the Maltese Constitutional Party of Augustus Bartolo, editor of the Malta Chronicle. The predecessor parties had just been founded and the choice to merge was strategic: they were both pro-British and, united, they stood a better chance against the Nationalists.
Despite this, the merger still came as a surprise as there were some personality difference. Strickland had been Principal Government Secretary who had become unpopular for raising taxes through Orders in Council, something of which Bartolo was highly critical. It was rumoured that Strickland threatened Bartolo that he would use his personal wealth to create a paper that would kill off the Chronicle if the merger did not come about. Strickland was to make the threat true years later with the creation of "Progress Press" and the publication of the dailies Il-Berqa (in Maltese) and the Times of Malta which did, eventually, kill off the Chronicle.
First years (1921-27).
The party did surprisingly well in the first election considering that everyone thought that Strickland's previous unpopularity would harm his chances. In the elections to the Legislative Assembly it obtained 25.31% of the first preference votes and elected 7 MPs out of 32. Strickland was appointed Leader of the Opposition.
While still remaining in opposition, the party made considerable gains in the 1924 elections: 33.95% of the vote and 10 MPs, as many seats as the Maltese Political Union which, until then, had been the largest party in the Assembly. The party also elected two of the four Gozitan MPs which was considered an incredible feat.
With the coalition between the Maltese Political Union and the Democratic Nationalist Party and their eventual merger into the Nationalist Party some sort of rapproachment between the Constitutionals and Labour, the other party in the Assembly, was inevitable. The parties, in fact, agreed to an electoral alliance known as the "Compact" for the elections of 1927. Labour's and the Constitutional's similar stances on various policy-areas (such as public education) made this alliance more workable.
Government (1927-33).
The Party obtained a relative majority of 15 seats out of 32 in the 1927 elections. Labour was invited to participate in a coalition. The offer was declined but, in terms of the "Compact" agreement, the three Labour MPs supported the government giving it a majority. The government, however, lacked a majority in the Senate which, at the time, could still reject money bills. After a protracted battle, Letters Patent were issued, amending the Constitution, so that bills could be carried by a simple majority of both Houses combined.
The other major battle of this government was with the Church. There had been a long buildup to the crisis. The Church was perceived as being sympathetic to the Nationalist Party and the Progress Press papers lost no opportunity in condemning the behaviour of priests particularly in Gozo.
A trivial incident led to things boiling over. Government decided to intervene when a superior at the Franciscan convent in Valletta (who happened to be an Italian by the name of Padre Carta) decided to send to Italy Rev. Micallef, a Maltese priest under his responsibility. Strickland's papers alleged that this amounted to exile of a Maltese and was due to Micallef's pro-Strickland sympathies.
In the feast of Christ the King of 1930 the Bishop's sermon (in Italian) was interrupted by Labour and Constitutional supporters who clamoured for Maltese. This was a signal and outside St John's Co-Cathedral pro- and anti-Church crowds verbally confronted each other. Tensions rose as the different factions shouted ""Viva Calles!"" and ""Viva Kristu Re!"" in reference to the contemporary anti-clerical policies of Plutarco Calles and the resistance put up by the Cristeros in Mexico.
On 1 May 1930, as the election approached, Bishops Dom Mauro Caruana and Mikiel Gonzi issued a pastoral letter imposing mortal sin and an interdict on voters of the Constitutional Party and its allies (taken to refer to Labour). This gave the pretext to the colonial authorities to claim that a free and fair election was not possible in the circumstances and, therefore, to suspend the constitution. Strickland and his ministers were held on as a caretaker government.
Opposition (1933-39).
The suspension of the Constitution was to last three years. During this time a Royal Commission visited Malta and interviewed the parties concerned. In its final report the Commission sharply rebuked Strickland and recommended some changes to ameliorate Church-State relations.
The scene was set for elections in 1933. Technically, the prohibition for Catholics to vote Constitutional and Labour was still in place. Only on the eve of the election did Strickland ask for forgiveness and, although this was granted and the interdict lifted, it was too late to have much impact on the electoral result. The Constitutional Party gained 10 seats out of 32 (down from 15); its ally, the Labour Party, managed to elect only its leader Paul Boffa. Strickland was sworn in as Leader of the Opposition.
The Nationalists' stint in government was to be short lived. The following year, the constitution was again suspended when the government in its financial estimates increased funding for the teaching of Italian. With Mussolini's growing ambitions in the Mediterranean the Colonial authorities saw this as a threat on the domestic front and dismissed the government. Strickland argued that, as leader of the second largest party in the Assembly, he was supposed to be summoned and requested to try to form a government. The matter was the subject of a lengthy legal case which went all the way to the Privy Council. Strickland's plea was not upheld.
Council of Government (1939-45).
A constitution was given in 1936 which created a Council of Government of which less than half were elected representatives. The first election under this constitution was held in 1939. With a string pro-imperial and pro-British sentiment prevailing, the Constitutional Party elected six councillors to the Nationalists' three and Labour's one.
Strickland died in 1940 to be succeeded as Party leader by Robert V. Galea.
Post-War (1945-53).
The Constitutional Party did not contest the election for the Council of Government of 1945. The death of Strickland, the aftermath of the war, the first feelings of anticolonialism and the political wind blowing in favour of the Labour Party, probably convinced the Party leadership to stay out of the election. The Party did not even stand for the 1947 elections for the Legislative Assembly, the first held after the restoration of responsible government to Malta.
The Party's candidates, however, were on the ballot papers for the 1950 elections. In this election, the Party managed to elect four deputies in a Legislative Assembly of 40. The MPs elected included Mabel Strickland, Gerald's daughter.
The Party managed to hold on to its four seats in the election in the following year but Mabel Strickland had to resign after her the publishing company won a major government contract. Strickland was also at odds with the other Party MPs who, in the emerging Two-party system, tended to side with Labour leader Mintoff.
Mabel Strickland went on to form the splinter Progressive Constitutional Party but neither party gained seats in the general election of 1953. After this defeat the Constitutional Party was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="19277621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277621" title="Ardbraccan Halt railway station">
Ardbraccan Halt railway station

Ardbraccan Halt was a station which served Ardbraccan in County Meath, Ireland.
History.
The station was opened by the Great Northern Railway of Ireland and closed by the Great Northern Board after a fairly short life of eighteen years.

</doc>
<doc id="19277630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277630" title="St. Mary's Church, Barnstone">
St. Mary's Church, Barnstone

St. Mary's Church, Barnstone is a parish church in the Church of England in Barnstone, Nottinghamshire.
Current parish status.
St. Mary's Church, Barnstone is in the Wiverton group of parishes which includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19277635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277635" title="Dam removal">
Dam removal

Dam removal is the process of removing out-dated, dangerous, or ecologically damaging dams from river systems. There are thousands of out-dated dams in the United States that were built in the 18th and 19th centuries, as well as many more recent ones that have caused such great ecological damage, that they are proposed for removal.
Catastrophic dam failures such the 1977 Kelly Barnes Dam, killing 39 students, faculty and staff of the college, the 1976 Teton Dam failure in Idaho, the 1928 St. Francis Dam failure in California, and the 1889 Johnstown Flood remind people of the dangers dams can present. The largest catastrophic failure of a dam was the 1975 Banqiao Dam disaster that killed 26,000 people immediately, resulted in 145,000 dying of disease later, and displacing 11,000,000 residents.
Purposes and effects of dams.
Many of the dams in the eastern US were built for water diversion, agriculture, factory watermills, and other purposes that are no longer useful. Because of the age of these dams, over time the risk for catastrophic failure increases. In addition, many of these dams block anadromous fish runs, such as Atlantic salmon and American shad, and prevent important sediments from reaching estuaries.
Many dams in the western US were built for agricultural water diversion in the arid country, with hydroelectric power generation being a very significant side benefit. Among the largest of these water diversion projects is the Columbia Basin Project, which diverts water at the Grand Coulee Dam. The Bureau of Reclamation manages many of these water diversion projects.
Some dams in the Pacific Northwest and California block passage for anadromous fish species such as Pacific Salmon and steelhead. Fish ladders and other passage facilities have been largely ineffective in mitigating the negative effects on salmon populations. Bonneville Power Administration manages electricity on 11 dams on the Columbia River and 4 on the Snake River, which were built by the Army Corps of Engineers.
In the Desert Southwest, dams can change the nature of the river ecosystem. In the particular case of the Glen Canyon Dam, the originally warm, sediment-filled, muddy water, instead runs cold and clear through the Grand Canyon, which has significant impacts on the downstream ecosystems. Three native fish species have become extinct in the Grand Canyon and others are endangered since the dam was completed, including humpback chub and razorback sucker.
Some dam projects, such as those on the Salt River Project in Arizona, eliminate the flow of the river downstream, by diverting the flow into the Arizona Canal system for use in agriculture and urban usage, such that only a dry channel or arroyo heads out across the desert.
So much water is taken out of the Colorado River for agriculture, urban use, and evaporation behind the dams, that the river no longer flows into the Gulf of California.
While the need for clean, alternative energy sources are important, with so many considerations involved, sometimes it makes sense to evaluate whether the benefits of dams outweigh the costs of safety concerns, ecosystem functions, and management expenses.
Dams which have been discussed for removal.
Lower Snake River Dams.
The lower four Snake River dams including the Lower Granite Dam, Little Goose Dam, Lower Monumental Dam, and Ice Harbor Dam. These dams, built by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, serve as hydroelectric power sources as well as ensuring agricultural barge traffic navigation to Lewiston, Idaho.
The lower four dams on the Snake River have collected large amounts of sediment. In fact, 3 million cubic yards of sediments are deposited each year. To combat this trend, cities like Lewiston, Idaho and many others along the Snake River have built a system of levees maintained by the Army Corps of Engineers. The levees in Lewiston were designed to leave five feet between water levels and the top of the levees. Today, there is only up to two feet remaining. As water levels continue to rise, either some of the dams must be removed or dredged, or the levees will continue to grow. The Corps admits that the amount of sediment in the riverbed is too great for dredging to be effective, and Lewiston community leaders are worried that higher levees will further cut the town off from its rivers.
Rindge Dam.
The Rindge Dam on Malibu Creek in the Santa Monica Mountains of California was built in 1924 and today is completely filled with sediment, making it obsolete. Malibu Creek once supported the southernmost steelhead population in the world. But today, steelhead no longer occupy the creek.
Klamath River Dams.
Four dams on the Klamath River including the John C. Boyle, Copco No. 1, Copco No. 2, and Iron Gate dams. These dams are operated by PacifiCorp and are up for relicensing. In addition to blocking salmon runs, the reservoirs that form behind the dams built up extremely high levels of toxic algal blooms.
On September 29, 2009, a tentative agreement was reached to remove the four dams; if the plan proceeds they will be dismantled starting in 2020.
Glen Canyon Dam.
The Glen Canyon Dam has been proposed for removal because of the negative effects it has on the water quality and riparian habitat of the Colorado River in Grand Canyon National Park. In addition, the reservoir impounded behind it, Lake Powell has filled all of the canyons for up to above the dam. This lake, while providing recreational opportunities, has eliminated more than of habitat for endangered Colorado River fish species. The reservoir also loses more than 6 percent of the total annual flow of the Colorado River to evaporation and seepage. Advocates of dam removal also cite these losses of stored water as reason to decommission the dam. If it were to be removed, it would dwarf any dam removal project in history.

</doc>
<doc id="19277648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277648" title="Stan Thomas (baseball)">
Stan Thomas (baseball)

Stanley Brown Thomas (born July 11, 1949) is a former professional baseball pitcher. Thomas pitched in all or part of four seasons in Major League Baseball from 1974 until 1977.
Thomas was originally drafted by the Washington Senators in the 27th round of the 1971 Major League Baseball Draft. The next season, the Senators became the Texas Rangers, and Thomas made his major league debut in 1974 for that team. After two seasons in Texas and one with the Cleveland Indians, Thomas was chosen in the 1976 MLB expansion draft by the Seattle Mariners. He split the 1977 season between the Mariners and the New York Yankees to end his major league career.

</doc>
<doc id="19277655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277655" title="Samuel C. Lind">
Samuel C. Lind

Samuel Colville Lind (June 15, 1879, McMinnville, Tennessee - February 12, 1965) was a radiation chemist, referred to as "the father of modern radiation chemistry". He was elected a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1930. He served as president of the American Electrochemical Society in 1927 and the American Chemical Society in 1940. Among his awards were the Priestley Medal in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="19277661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277661" title="Henson P. Barnes">
Henson P. Barnes

Henson Perrymoore Barnes (born November 18, 1934) is a North Carolina politician who served in the North Carolina House of Representatives from 1975 to 1977, and as a member of the North Carolina Senate from 1977 to 1992. 
In his last two terms in the Senate (1989 to 1992), Barnes served as President pro tempore. Under Barnes, that position's power increased at the expense of the Lieutenant Governor, who holds the title of President of the Senate. Shortly after his retirement from the Senate, Barnes published a history of the legislature, "A Work in Progress: The North Carolina General Assembly" (1993).
Following service in the United States Army, Barnes was educated at Wilmington College (now UNC-Wilmington) for two years before earning his bachelor’s degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and juris doctor degree from the UNC School of Law. He practiced law in Goldsboro, North Carolina from 1961 until 1997. He once served as chairman of the Wayne County Democratic Party. After retiring from the senate he moved to White Lake, NC where he continues to live and operate the family blueberry farm.

</doc>
<doc id="19277687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277687" title="My Secret Life (Eric Burdon album)">
My Secret Life (Eric Burdon album)

My Secret Life is an album by Eric Burdon released in 2004. It was his first solo album release, which contains new titles, in nearly 16 years. It was his comeback album.
It features many different musical directions such as jazz, blues, soul, rock, ska, rhythm and blues, folk, boogie, world and pop. Burdon said in an interview that every song is different. The album peaked No. 93 on the German album chart after it sold 20,000 copies in the UK.
Musicians on this album includes Red Young, Martin Gerschwitz, Terry Wilson and Jon Cleary.
The working title was "The coat of many colours".

</doc>
<doc id="19277710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277710" title="Bosnian-Herzegovinian identity card">
Bosnian-Herzegovinian identity card

Bosnian-Herzegovinian identity card (Bosnian: "Lična karta", Croatian: "Osobna iskaznica", Serbian Cyrillic: "Лична карта") is a compulsory identity document issued in Bosnia. All Bosnian citizens who are residents of Bosnia and Herzegovina and are over the age of 15 have the right to apply for the national ID card; nevertheless, all Bosnian-Herzegovina citizens that are over the age of 18 must have an Identity Card issued by the police (Ministarstvo unutarnjih poslova - MUP) by the city of residence.
On 1 March 2013 Bosnia and Herzegovina has introduced a new electronic ID card costing 18 convertible marks (9,2 Euros). Thanks to the production technology of electronic identity cards, risk of falsifying documents shall be reduced and digital presentation and digital signature shall be enabled to citizens. Other protective elements in identity card are fully compliant with EU recommendations.
Physical appearance.
The identity card is made of plastic and rectangular in shape, resembling the shape of an ordinary credit card, measuring 86 × 54 millimeters in size. On the left side of the ID is the photograph of the bearer, whereas on the opposite side, a hologram is placed, with the country's flag and name being visible. The top edge of the card, or "the header", bears the name of Bosnia and Herzegovina in three/four languages (Bosnian and Croatian inscription is the same), Bosnian and/or Croatian, Serbian (in Cyrillic) and in English ("BOSNA I HERCEGOVINA / БОСНА И ХЕРЦЕГОВИНА / BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA"); and on its reverse, the name of the card is written in the same languages, with an additional line inserted in Croatian. ("LIČNA KARTA / OSOBNA ISKAZNICA / ЛИЧНА КАРТА / IDENTITY CARD").
Printed data.
The descriptions of the fields where the citizen's information is visible is shown in Bosnian, Croatian (one field only), Serbian (Cyrillic) and English.
Fines.
Citizens over the age of 18 who do not have valid identification are subject to a fine in Bosnia and Herzegovina's convertible marks. If a citizen fails to produce a valid ID to a person of high rank (such as a police officer), the fine can be raised.

</doc>
<doc id="19277713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277713" title="Rees Stephens">
Rees Stephens

Rees Stephens (16 April 1922 - 4 February 1998) was a Welsh international number 8 who played club rugby for Tonmawr RFC and Neath. He won 32 caps for Wales and was selected to play in the British Lions on the 1950 tour of Australia and New Zealand. He was the son of a past Welsh rugby international, Glyn Stephens, who was also president of the Welsh Rugby Union
Born in 1922 in Neath, Stephens played under-14s rugby for Wales and then after being accepted to Llandovery College, he played for Wales Secondary Schools. During the wars, Stephens played scratch rugby for many clubs while working as a miner. Initially a number eight, Stephens would later switch to the second row.
International career.
Stephens made his official debut for the senior Wales team against England in 1947 under the captaincy of Haydn Tanner. Stephens had turned out against the French team in the 1945/46 'Victory' internationals, but his first capped games were during the 1947 Five Nations Championship. The 1947 England game at the Cardiff Arms Park saw Wales lose 9-6 though Stephens did manage to score a try in the game, one of only two he would manage in his long career. During the 1947/48 season, Stephens lost his position to the returning Les Manfield, but Stephens was back for Wales's final game of the 1948 Championship game against Ireland. Over the next two years he would drop in and out of the Welsh squad, often through injury sometimes through selection choices, but in 1950 he and Bleddyn Williams were chosen to represent the British Lions of their tour of Australia and New Zealand.
International matches played.
Wales
British Lions.
During the 1950 Lions tour, Stephens was chosen for the opening match against a joint Tasman regional team. During the game he injured his shoulder and would not be fit enough to play until the eleventh game of the tour. Although he played in two Australian tests, Stephens was not deemed to be fit enough to face the New Zealand All Blacks.

</doc>
<doc id="19277729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277729" title="Lou Lumenick">
Lou Lumenick

Louis J. "Lou" Lumenick (born September 11, 1949) is an American film critic. He is the chief film critic and film editor for the "New York Post" where he has reviewed films since 1999.
Life and career.
Lumenick was born and raised in Astoria, Queens. He attended City College of New York (CCNY) and took filmmaking courses at The New School. He previously worked at "The Hartford Times", a defunct newspaper in Connecticut, and "The Record" in New Jersey, reviewing films over a nine-year span for the latter. He was metropolitan editor at the "Post" before taking the film reviewer position. 
In 2007 he was inducted into the CCNY Communications Hall of Fame. He is a member of the New York Film Critics Circle. Lumenick and Farran Smith Nehme conceived and created "Shadows of Russia," a 20-film series that aired in January, 2010, on Turner Classic Movies. He also appeared as an on-air TCM guest programmer on October 2010 as part of the Critic's Choice film series, introducing "The Last Flight" and "All Through the Night "with Robert Osborne. His essay on "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World" is included in The Criterion Collection's January 2014 release of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19277731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277731" title="Alexius Frederick Christian, Duke of Anhalt-Bernburg">
Alexius Frederick Christian, Duke of Anhalt-Bernburg

Alexius Frederick Christian of Anhalt-Bernburg (12 June 1767–24 March 1834), was a German prince of the House of Ascania. From 1796 until 1807 he was Reigning prince of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg, and from 1807 until 1834 the first Duke of the Duchy of Anhalt-Bernburg.
Life.
Alexius Frederick Christian was born on 12 June 1767 at Ballenstedt. He was the only son of Frederick Albert, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, by his wife Louise Albertine, daughter of Frederick Carl, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Plön.
From early childhood, he and his sister Pauline received an excellent education. After the death of his father in 1796, Alexius Frederick Christian inherited Anhalt-Bernburg.
The territories of Anhalt-Bernburg were augmented one year later with the formal division of Anhalt-Zerbst in 1797; Alexius Frederick Christian received the towns of Coswig and Mühlingen, which represented 1/3 of the defunct principality. In 1812, with the extinction of the Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym branch of the House of Ascania, he inherited Hoym and some Prussian enclaves.
Alexius improved education with the building and enlargement of many churches and schools. He demonstrated a special interest in expanding the road network, especially in the newly acquired areas of his principality. The mining and metallurgical industry also benefited from his attention. Alexius Frederick Christian initiated several major construction projects, such as the "Saalebrücke" in Bernburg (Saale), which was later destroyed. In 1810 he founded the "Alexisbad" in Selketal and later, in the Prussian area of Gernrode, he created the "Beringer Bad".
In matters of religion, he was tolerant and enlightened; in 1820 he finally declared the Reformist and Lutheran faiths to be the official co-religions of his state. In 1826 he joined the German Zollverein and in 1829 created a civil fund for orphans, widows, and servants.
The Emperor Francis II elevated him to the rank of Duke in 1807. After the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire, Alexius Frederick Christian, with his kinsmans the Dukes of Anhalt-Dessau and Anhalt-Köthen, joined the Confederation of the Rhine. Some of his troops fought for Napoleon in Tyrol, Spain, Russia, Gdansk, and Kulm. On 13 December 1813 he resigned from the Confederation of the Rhine and sent his troops with his allies in 1814 and 1815 to Belgium and France. On 8 June 1815 he joined the German Confederation.
Duke Alexius Frederick Christian died at Ballenstedt on 24 March 1834.
Marriages and Issue.
In Kassel on 29 November 1794 Alexius Frederick Christian married Maria Fredericka (b. Hanau, 14 September 1768 - d. Hanau, 17 April 1839), daughter of William I, Elector of Hesse. They had four children:
The union was completely unhappy and the couple divorced in 1817.
In Ballenstedt on 11 January 1818, Alexius Frederick Christian married secondly and morganatically with Dorothea Fredericka of Sonnenberg (b. Bernburg, 23 January 1781 - d. Ballenstedt, 23 May 1818), who shortly after the wedding was ennobled and created Baroness of Hoym (German: "Frau von Hoym"). The union only lasted four months until Dorothea's death.
In Bernburg on 2 May 1819 Alexius Frederick Christian married thirdly and again morganatically with Ernestine Charlotte of Sonnenberg (b. Bernburg, 19 February 1789 - d. Ballenstedt, 28 September 1845), sister of his second wife. As she, Ernestine was created Baroness of Hoym shortly after the wedding. This marriage was childless.

</doc>
<doc id="19277760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277760" title="St. Michael and All Angels' Church, Elton on the Hill">
St. Michael and All Angels' Church, Elton on the Hill

St. Michael and All Angels' Church, Elton on the Hill is a parish church in the Church of England in Elton on the Hill, Nottinghamshire. It is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of special architectural interest.
The building.
The church is medieval but was heavily restored between 1855 and 1857 and given a stucco rendering in imitation of ashlar. The church had been described somewhat cryptically as "dove house topped", but obtained its present brick tower at the time of the church's restoration. It contains two bells, and a modern clock installed in 1969, in memory of William Noël and Hilda Grace Parr, formerly of the Old Rectory, who both died in 1967. Remains of medieval stonework can be seen inside on the south side of the nave, including the arches which originally divided it from a south aisle that was demolished. The chancel is narrower. The wooden altar rails are Jacobean.
The charming stained glass in the window at the east end of the church shows St Paul preaching to the Athenians (Acts 17.24) with an inscription: "WHOM THEREFORE YE IGNORANTLY WORSHIP HIM I DECLARE VNTO YVO / IN LOVING MEMORY OF ROBERT WEATHERELL RECTOR OF ELTON FROM 1863 TO 1883". (The need to turn "ignorant worship" into "spiritual worship" was a central theme of the Evangelical movement in the nineteenth century.) 
There are arched panels over the chancel door bearing the words of the Ten Commandments and the Lord's Prayer, which may pre-date the restoration.
Hanging in the nave is a detailed architectural description of the church compiled or copied by a churchwarden in the 1960s. It reads, in part:
"The nave formerly had a south aisle of three bays, the arches being of two orders of chamfers with hooded moulds... The nail head ornament of the capital of one pier projects into the interior... The arcade was probably of the Transitional period, towards the end of the 12th century. The door under the modern porch is 14th century... There must have been more than one porch for there is a reference to... 'S. Maries Porch' in the will of John Young of Burgh who wished to be buried there... Portions of the lower part of an old 15th century screen were at one time visible in old pews now removed... The altar rails are substantial Jacobean... The roof was renewed in 1932... The Pointed east window of Decorated character is inserted in a larger square opening... On the south wall of the chancel are two hatchments. One commemorates Frances (d. 1822), one of the coheiresses of Francis Launder Esq. The second bears the arms of William Fletcher Norton-Norton and his first wife Ursula, coheiress of Francis Launder Esq. A third hatchment in the nave, has the arms of W. F. Norton-Norton (d. 1865) and the impaled arms are those of his second wife Sarah Brisco who had been twice previously married... There are two bells... 1. Taylor Lo'borough 1850 Diameter 17½ inches. 2. Dated 1702 on the haunch 18½ inches. The latter is evidence that a tower was in existence before the erection of the present one..."
There are other tablets in the church to Frances Launder, W. F. N. Norton, Ursula Norton, Sarah Norton (1788–1867), Langford Collin (1700–1766), all of Elton Manor; also to Amy, wife of R. F. Pinder (d. 1922) of Elton Rectory (although Pinder is not on the list of rectors), and to Charles Gordon Mackie (d. 2005) and his wife Margaret (Peggy) Georgina (d. 2004) of Elton Old Rectory.
Some of the many interesting gravestones in the churchyard are described on the Elton on the Hill page, along with the other features in the village that have received a Grade II heritage listing.
Current parish status.
The rectory of Elton was held jointly with the vicarage of Granby from 1917, when Cecil Richard Storr, already vicar of Granby, became rector. The advowson of Elton was presented to the Bishop of Southwell by W. N. Parr when he left the village in 1957.
On the retirement of Rev. J. Pickworth-Hutchinson, Elton parish was invited by the Bishop to join the Wiverton group of parishes, which comprises:
The vicar of the group parish was Rev. Colin Perkins initially, then Rev. Andrew Wigram from 1995, and since 15 January 2006 Rev. Bronwen Gamble, who lives with her family in Cropwell Bishop. Services are held at Elton once a fortnight.

</doc>
<doc id="19277777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277777" title="Ballin' the Jack">
Ballin' the Jack

"Ballin' the Jack" is a popular song written by Jim Burris with music by Chris Smith. It introduced a popular dance of the same name with "Folks in Georgia's 'bout to go insane." It became a ragtime, pop, and trad jazz standard, and has been recorded hundreds of times by many prominent artists.
Film usage.
The song and dance were performed in "For Me and My Gal", the 1942 movie starring Judy Garland and Gene Kelly. It was also performed by Danny Kaye in the 1951 movie "On the Riviera", and Dean Martin in the 1951 movie "That's My Boy". It also featured as the After Dinner song sung in the mock-horror 1986 movie "Haunted Honeymoon" performed by Gilda Radner and Dom DeLuise. Jimmy Jewel playing Cannonball Lee performed the song in the 1990 film "The Krays".
Lyrics and dance.
The lyrics describe the dance:

</doc>
<doc id="19277786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277786" title="2008 UEC European Track Championships">
2008 UEC European Track Championships

The 2008 European Track Championships were the European Championship for track cycling, for elite (only women's omnium) junior and under 23 riders. They took place in Pruszków, Poland from 3 September to 7 September 2008. A men's omnium European Championship was held in Alkmaar, the Netherlands at 18 October 2008.
Medal Summary.
Under 23.
i) There were awarded 2 gold medals (and no silver medal) because Ellen van Dijk and Lizzie Armitstead finished at the same time. See the finishfoto.
Countries.
"Incomplete list"
2008 European Track Championships in the Netherlands.
The elite men's omnium event took place in Alkmaar, the Netherlands at 18 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19277799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277799" title="Andrew McElwee">
Andrew McElwee

Andrew McElwee (died 18 June 1968) was a British trades unionist and Labour Party politician.
McElwee joined the Clydebank branch of the Amalgamated Society of Woodworkers in 1907. He subsequently transferred to a union branch in Brixton, London. He was elected to the union's general council and was chairman from 1924 to 1926.
He was nominated as the Labour Party candidate for the Manchester constituency of Hulme with the support of the woodworkers' union, but failed to win the seat at the 1924 general election. In 1925 he was chairman of the Dumbarton and Clydebank Labour Party, and gave evidence to an enquiry into the Clydebank Rents Strike.
McElwee again stood at Hulme at the 1929 general election, and was elected. However, he became involved in a dispute with his sponsoring union, who refused to support him at the ensuing election in 1931. The Divisional Labour Party asked him to stand down as candidate, but he refused to do, and after a search for a replacement candidate he received the Labour nomination. He was defeated, with the Conservative Party regaining the constituency.
In February 1932 the executive council and a number of officials of the Amalgamated Society of Woodworkers issued summonses alleging criminal libel against the former MP. The allegations centred on statements made in four letters written by McElwee about the union. The letters accused identifiable officials of corruption and of misappropriation of expenses. In May 1932 he entered a plea of guilty to the charges and was bound over to keep the peace on his personal recognisance of £100.

</doc>
<doc id="19277841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277841" title="Rezvan">
Rezvan

Rezvan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19277855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277855" title="St John Rigby College, Wigan">
St John Rigby College, Wigan

St John Rigby College (abbreviated as St.JR, SJR or simply John Rigby) is a sixth form college in the Orrell district of the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, Greater Manchester situated in a estate overlooking the Lancashire countryside. As a college for students who intend to proceed into higher education, students are accepted from across the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan and Metropolitan Borough of Bolton areas of Greater Manchester as well as parts of Merseyside and Lancashire.
The school's A Level pass rate was 98% in 2009, well above the national average, as are its vocational courses at Levels 1, 2 and 3. Students go on to attend a wide range of universities across the UK and abroad including Cambridge. The college also works to promote Fairtrade and forming partnerships with people in other countries such as Brazil which is part of the work the college does with CAFOD, and also forming partnerships with other colleges with Loreto College, Manchester.
History.
Originally a Christian Brothers boys' grammar school, in 1972 the school became a Sixth Form College under the trusteeship of the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Liverpool. In 2012 the college celebrated its 40th Anniversary.
Saint John Rigby.
St John Rigby College was named for the English Roman Catholic martyr John Rigby, who was executed during the reign of Elizabeth I. He is one of the Forty Martyrs of England and Wales.
Admittance to the college.
Enrollment.
St John Rigby follows a procedure when enrolling students into the college. Prior to the year of entry, application forms are distributed to High Schools in different areas, students who are looking to enrol at the college may attend an open evening. All students who accept a position to study at St. John Rigby College are invited to attend a New Students' Day in June.
Dependent upon the route taken will depend on the points necessary to guarantee a place in the college, (Route A) 40 Points, (Route B) 35 Points (Route C) 25 Points, (Route D) 15 Points. These will be calculated from the best 8 GCSE's which may be any or specific GCSE's may be required to be included in the best 8 at a certain grade. (See below for points table):
Acceptance.
If accepted, students can choose at what level they wish to study from. This consists of 5 levels:
As well as completing chosen courses, students are also required to study 'Values for living' and are also required to take on 'extended studies'. This can be a course completely different to the courses students have chosen to take take (e.g., School Production, Driving Theory, First Aid). 
The majority of students who are enrolled at the college are aged 16–18 and are on Level 3 programs full-time. From here they then proceed to a range of universities across the UK.
Campus.
The College is large consisting of 6 blocks and is situated on a single campus 3.5 miles west of Wigan on Gathurst Road, Orrell, near the birthplace of the man for whom the school was named (St John Rigby) and has one of its buildings named after his birthplace, the building being named Harrock House. In February 2006 the College opened its new Learning Resource Centre (LRC) which offers a wide range of services and support to students.
Sports facilities.
The College boasts the largest all weather football pitch in the country and has extensive playing fields surrounding the campus. The Sports Hall has facilities for a wide range of sports, a fitness suite, as well as being used by students, the pitch is also used by others outside the college (e.g. Wigan Athletic F.C. have used the pitch in the past for practice).
College Chapel.
As a Roman Catholic school, students can visit the newly built College Chapel, which is available at any time of the day as a place of prayer, reflection or quietness. The college Chaplaincy team currently runs a Fairtrade store which is open to all students and staff
SJR Community Team.
The college is currently building up a community team involving a large number of students getting involved with open days, college events such as Rigfest (a night when student bands play their music) and getting involved with tea and coffee mornings and working with the chaplaincy team with other events.
The Learning Resource Centre (LRC).
The college Learning Resource Centre offers a wide range of service and support to students such as over 11,000 books in stock, DVD's and online resources.
Open Learning Centre (OLC).
In the Open Learning Centre, Students have access to over 96 network connected computers to aide them in their learning, with Computer Technicians available to help with any problems any time of the day.
Pearson Teaching Awards.
In 2012, Physical education lecturer and head of department, Mr. John Ireland, was awarded the ""Further Education Teacher of the Year Award in the North"" in the Teaching Awards. He was awarded due to numerous nominations by students past and present, as a thank you for his 32 years of passionate teaching to students in sport, which has led to some of the most great successes, including students going on to play for top teams such as 'Wigan Warriors'.
Student Council.
The college considers the student council to be a very important asset as it gives students the opportunity to have their say in which they think the quality of college life can be improved and also into any future plans the college intends to make. The student Council is a governing body who are representatives of the students and on their behalf put forward any suggestions of improvement that any students think should be considered as well as organising college events. The college is currently focusing on building up a council team in partnership with Loreto College in Manchester and always encourages its students to be involved. 

</doc>
<doc id="19277870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277870" title="Tom Nelson (politician)">
Tom Nelson (politician)

Tom Nelson (born March 3, 1976) is a Democratic politician from Kaukana, Wisconsin and the County Executive of Outagamie County, having taken office on April 19, 2011.
Background.
Born in St. Paul, Minnesota on March 3, 1976, Nelson graduated from Little Chute High School in 1994, earned a B.A. from Carleton College in 1998, and an M.P.A. from Princeton in 2004.
Legislative service.
Nelson is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 5th Assembly District (northeastern Outagamie County and the Town of Maple Grove) from 2005 - 2011. He was first elected to the Assembly in 2004, defeating Republican incumbent Becky Weber 15,014 to 14,249; and was assigned to the standing committees on health, insurance, rural development and transportation.
He was re-elected twice, and was elected Assembly Majority Leader in 2008.
Run for Lieutenant Governor.
In 2010, Nelson announced that he was running for the position of Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin, rather than seek re-election to the Assembly. On September 14, he won the Democratic nomination in a four-way race, winning an absolute majority (52%) over state senator Spencer Coggs (21%) and two others. Nelson and running mate Tom Barrett (who ran as a ticket) were defeated in the 2010 general election by Rebecca Kleefisch and Scott Walker. His assembly seat was taken by Republican Jim Steineke.
County executive.
On April 5, 2011, Nelson defeated former Republican State Treasurer of Wisconsin Jack Voight for county executive of Outagamie County, by roughly 52% - 48%. Voight blamed the political unrest stemming from Scott Walker's policy drive to eliminate public workers' collective bargaining powers, saying "The labor movement has not only energized the Democratic Party base but a lot of the independents".

</doc>
<doc id="19277881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277881" title="Silver Shoes">
Silver Shoes

The Silver Shoes are the magical shoes that appear in the book "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" as Dorothy Gale's transport home. They were originally owned by the Wicked Witch of the East but passed to Dorothy when her house landed on the Witch. As gathered from the clues throughout the various books and films, the Silver Shoes will only pass to a new owner if they have physically defeated the previous owner or the previous owner willingly hands them over.
Appearances in the books.
"The Wonderful Wizard of Oz".
This is the only book in the original series to feature the Silver Shoes directly. They are the property of the Wicked Witch of the East until Dorothy's house lands on and kills her. They are then given to Dorothy by The Good Witch of the North, who tells Dorothy that "there is some charm connected with them; but what it is we never knew" (L. Frank Baum-The Wizard of Oz). When Dorothy is captured by the Wicked Witch of the West, she tries to steal the shoes. She finally gets one by tricking Dorothy into tripping over an invisible iron bar. Dorothy then melts the Witch with a bucket of water and recovers the shoe. In the final chapters of the book, Glinda, the Good Witch of the South explains that the shoes can transport the wearer anywhere they wish. If the Silver Shoes have any other powers they are never outlined in the books, however the Witch of the West was obsessed with obtaining them, as they would give her much greater power than any other thing she possessed, suggesting the shoes hold immense magic. After saying goodbye to her friends, Dorothy knocks her heels together three times, and commands the Shoes to carry her home. When Dorothy opens her eyes, she has arrived in Kansas. She finds that the shoes are gone, having fallen off during her flight and landing somewhere in the Deadly Desert. Though they are mentioned several times in sequels, they never appear again in the original series.
"Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West".
In "", the silver shoes are a gift to Nessarose (the Wicked Witch of the East) before she and her sister, Elphaba (the Wicked Witch of the West) start college. They are made by her father using special glass beads another man (Turtleheart, possibly her biological father) taught him to make, which make the shoes appear silver OR ruby depending on the light. They are enchanted by Glinda (the Good Witch of the South) to give her the necessary balance to walk. In the Broadway musical adaption of the book, Elphaba is the one who enchants the shoes. Her spell made the silver shoes burn red hot, turning them into the ruby slippers.
"The Wizard of the Emerald City".
In Alexander Melentyevich Volkov's "The Wizard of the Emerald City", the ruby red shoes, as they are called in the manuscript, are the source of Elly's (his version of Dorothy) protection instead of the good Witch's kiss. She is therefore attacked once by an Ogre when removing them, and afterward wears them even when she sleeps. They are not taken from the Witch's body, but rather brought by Toto from her dwelling (a dark cave). This was possibly done to avert the problem of a person wearing the shoes to be impossible to harm, since in that book the hurricane was created by the Wicked Witch to destroy mankind, and redirected upon her by the Good Witch of the North, who suffered no ill effects for harming her. It is said the Witch only wore the shoes on very special occasions. They are lost just like in Baum's book.
"Dorothy of Oz".
In Roger S. Baum's "Dorothy of Oz", Glinda recovers the silver shoes and presents them to Dorothy. They have enough power remaining so Dorothy can travel once more to Oz and back to Kansas.
"Silver Shoes".
An action-adventure/fantasy novel with a modern setting by Paul Miles Schneider, in which an eleven-year-old boy named Donald Gardner is driving across Kansas with his parents after a boring summer vacation. They pull off the road for a quick stop and encounter a mysterious woman offering a silver shoe for sale. Donald's mother collects antique silver and impulsively buys it. The shoe turns out to be one of the lost Silver Shoes worn by Dorothy when she was magically transported back to Kansas from Oz. A chase begins, involving supernatural creatures, secret agents, and mysterious parties from both worlds. All of them have been searching for the shoes ever since famed author L. Frank Baum first leaked confidential information about the existence of Oz to the public in the form of a children's book. Donald and his family join forces with George Clarke, a middle-aged man on the run since childhood. As a young boy himself, fifty-two years earlier, George discovered the other Silver Shoe on his family's farm in Missouri.
"Silver Shoes" was selected as a Kansas Notable Book in 2010 by the Kansas Center for the Book and the State Library of Kansas.
Appearances in film.
"Wizard of Oz" (1925 film).
The shoes were absent from the 1925 movie.
"The Wizard of Oz" (1939 film).
In the 1939 movie the shoes serve the same purpose as in the book but are changed to red, and given a notably different appearance than in Denslow's illustrations. This movie proves that the shoes are magically protected. When the Wicked Witch of the West reaches for them, they shock and burn her hands and she cries out in pain.
"The Wiz".
In "The Wiz", the shoes are silver high heels. This movie gives further insight into the shoe's magical protection. When Evillene (the witch of the west) tries to obtain them magically, her fingers are bent backwards and she exhibits signs of pain.
"The Wizard of Oz" (1982 film).
In the anime movie, the shoes are once again transformed into the ruby slippers, though they are never referred to by that name. They are heeled shoes with pointed, slightly curled toes, similar to their appearance in Denslow's illustrations. Unlike the book, the shoes are still on Dorothy's feet when she arrives in Kansas.
"Return to Oz".
In "Return to Oz", the Ruby Slippers are used once again. In this movie, the slippers have more power than simply transporting people. They allow the Nome King to conquer Oz and turn every one in the Emerald City to stone. Dorothy later uses the shoes to reverse this process. This extra power is due to the fact the slippers replace the Nome King's Magic Belt. In the original draft of the script, the Nome King had refashioned the slippers into the actual Magic Belt from the novels. Upon his death, they reverted into the form of slippers. This was cut from the final filming of the movie.
"The Muppets' Wizard of Oz".
In "The Muppets' Wizard of Oz", the Silver Shoes are portrayed as sparkling, bejeweled, glittery Manolo Blahnik high-heels. The laws of ownership are again displayed in that the Witch of the West tries to cut off Dorothy's feet to obtain the shoes. Once again the shoes remain on Dorothy's feet when she arrives home.
Appearances in television.
"The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" (1986 anime).
When first seen on the feet of the Witch of the East in the 1986 anime version, they are brown peasant's shoes. The Witch of the North then magically transfers them to Dorothy's feet, they take on the appearance of white slip-on shoes. When Dorothy is forced to give one of the shoes to the Witch of the West, it reverts to the peasant form. After the Witch is melted and Dorothy is shown wearing it again, it has returned to its white form.
The shoes are used twice after they initially send Dorothy home. The first time, she is holding them in her hands when she clicks the heels and drops them. Consequently, Dorothy is transported to Oz and the shoes are left in Kansas (Glinda sends her home). The second time occurs while Dorothy is sleeping. Tik-Tok is emitting a distress signal and the shoes activate, transporting Dorothy to the Land of Ev in a beam of light. Her clothes are changed in mid flight.
"The Wizard of Oz" (TV series).
In the 1990 "The Wizard of Oz" television series, the Ruby Slippers are used to transport Dorothy back to Oz. They are depicted to possess other powerful magical capabilities that Dorothy did not fully understand, and as such, often served as a form of deus ex machina against hopeless situations. They are no longer depicted as high heels.
A unique concept proposed by this series is that the Ruby Slippers' magic is linked to the glow of their red coloration. Their powers only function while a dim glow of red light emanates from them, initiated by Dorothy clicking her heels; and the effects of their magic immediately cease after the shoes cease to glow. Also, the Wicked Witch was once able to annul their abilities entirely, by capturing a red Luminary (teardrop-shaped creatures who control all color in Oz) and forcing him to drain the red color from the slippers themselves. However the slippers regained their powers after the Luminary escaped.
This series also proposes that the slippers do not necessarily have to be on the user's feet for their powers to work, as Dorothy once used them by tapping the heels together when she held the shoes in her hands (since the ground's sandy surface prevented her from clicking the heels together).
Also worth noting in a single episode, is that Truckle, the series' lead Flying Monkey, was once able to wear the Ruby Slippers and thus utilize their powerful magic for his own whims. Even with his generally dim wits and reckless disregard, the slippers gave him sufficient power to overwhelm the Wicked Witch of the West's magical attacks, and temporarily reduce her to his servant. This once again demonstrates that the shoes' users need not be a skilled/knowledgeable spellcaster, in order to gain great power. The Cowardly Lion also gets to wear them briefly.
Appearances in other media.
"Dorothy of Oz".
The "Dorothy of Oz" series completely revamps the Silver Shoes. They are instead depicted as red boots created by Selluriah, the Witch of the East. When Mara (codename Dorothy) stomps the heels of said boots, she takes on the form and powers of a witch. This power is channeled (rather inexpertly) through the staff Thrysos. The transformation is rather embarrassing, as it involves Mara being momentarily nude and various men are always apt to spot her. It is yet to be revealed if these boots will help Mara return home.
"Fables".
The shoes are shown in the DC comics Vertigo series "Fables". Dorothy, who's portrayed as a cold, merciless assassin, found that she enjoyed killing after being hired by the Wizard to kill the Witch of the West. However, she loses them on the way back to Kansas over the Deadly Desert, and goes to great lengths to get them back. She has several encounters with Fabletown spy Cinderella, which climaxes with them facing off in the mini-series "Cinderella: Fables Are Forever". After deducing that they are actually too big to fit Dorothy, Cinderella takes them and pushes her out of an airship over the Deadly Desert to her apparent death, though her body is not seen. Cinderella then looks over the shoes and decides they're just the right size to fit her.

</doc>
<doc id="19277882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277882" title="CIS 50MG">
CIS 50MG

The CIS 50MG is a gas-operated, air-cooled, belt-fed heavy machine gun developed and manufactured by Chartered Industries of Singapore (CIS, now ST Kinetics) in the late 1980s, in response to a request by the Singaporean Defence Ministry to replace the 12.7mm Browning M2HB machine guns then in ubiquitous service with the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF).
The aim was to have a brand new heavy machine gun design, that fires the same type of .50 cal rounds as the M2HB machine guns and to have the gun parts more readily available in view of easing SAF's chain of logistics and supplies.
Overview.
The CIS engineers learnt from the lesson of the unsuccessful American "Dover Devil GPHMG" programme, to create a modular weapon suited for modern tactical doctrines and production techniques. In 1988, CIS introduced the new 12.7mm machine gun which was aptly named as the CIS 50MG, after two years of development and testing phase.
As the CIS 50MG is a gas-operated, air-cooled, belt-fed weapon, the gun is operated using dual gas pistons, located in two gas tubes placed on either side of the barrel. The barrel is locked by means of a rotary bolt with multiple radial lugs that engages the barrel extension, eliminating the need for headspace adjustments. The CIS 50MG utilizes the same "constant recoil" system used in the Ultimax 100 and it also has a quick-detachable barrel equipped with a carrying handle to facilitate the ease of barrel changing under combat situations or during operational manoeuvres.
Features.
The one unique feature of the CIS 50MG is its dual belt-feed system, the system allows for fast and easy switching of ammunition from standard ball rounds to the Raufoss Mk 211 Armor-Piercing-Incendiary rounds or the Saboted light armor penetrator (SLAP), which are capable of penetrating a rolled homogeneous armour plate with a thickness of from a range of .
Such systems are more commonly used in modern automatic cannons such as the M242 Bushmaster 25mm cannon and the Mk44 Bushmaster II 30mm cannon, both of which are also in use by the Singapore Army's Bionix AFVs.

</doc>
<doc id="19277900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277900" title="Hasan Corso">
Hasan Corso

Hasan Corso (born Pietro Paolo Tavera) was the mayor of Algiers and caliph of Salah Rais.
Corso was born on the island of Corsica. When he was five years old, he was taken and sent away to Istambul, and was introduced to the Janissaries. There, he was educated in the Muslim religion, Turkish language and given military education. At the end of these years, the Turkish gave him the name Hassan Corso, and sent him to Algiers. He rapidly rose through the ranks and earned the title of "Agha". In 1549, he became mayor of Algiers and caliph of Salah Rais. He died in August, 1556, at the age of 38.

</doc>
<doc id="19277918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277918" title="Rift Valley University College">
Rift Valley University College

Rift Valley University College is a college in Ethiopia.
Ato Dinku Deyasa, a renowned investor and owner of NFYD PLC, Dr. Haileleul Zeleke (Asst. Professor) and Ato Frezewed Lemma (lecturer) from Adama University (the then Nazareth Technical Teachers’ College) and two other individuals: Ato Reta Bekele, a lawyer and Ato Mulugete Debebe, a management professional envisaged the necessity of founding a private higher education institution mainly aimed at curbing the country’s dearth of qualified human resources. These five persons founded the college in September 2000.
The Rift Valley College, as the institution was formerly known, began operations in October 2000 in Adama Town, with a capital of 1,300,000 Birr, a total number of 154 evening program students, and five part time faculty staff. The Asella branch campus was created two months later with Accounting, Law and Marketing Management being the fields of study. This new "learning community" was housed in just one rented block that consisted of a single administrative office and a few classrooms; by the end of the year 2001, total enrollment at the two centers was about 250 students in the five diploma programs of study.
In September 2002 and 2003, Gotera and Ziway branch campuses came into being respectively in 2004; the institution was raised to the status of a University College and was empowered to grant the bachelor’s degree. The first degrees in Accounting and Business Management were awarded in August 2006. Bishoftu campus was created two years later followed by two other branch campuses – namely, Dire Dawa and Chiro, which went functional in August/September 2005. Bole and Gulele came into being in August 2006. Harar campus, the youngest of all branch campuses, was created in October 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19277936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19277936" title="Darren Lavett">
Darren Lavett

Darren John Lavett (October 31, 1964 - October 11, 2012) was an American music video director, who directed videos for The Offspring, Bad Religion, Bush, Voodoo Glow Skulls, Claw Hammer, Testament and several other bands. He is probably best known for directing the videos of The Offspring's biggest hits "Come Out and Play" and "Self Esteem". He also directed Eminem's first music video "Just Don't Give a Fuck." 
Lavett attended El Camino Real High School in Woodland Hills, California, and graduated from San Diego State University.
Lavett produced the feature film L.A cult classic "Southlander".
Lavett died of sleep apnea on the evening of October 11, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19278017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278017" title="Law of Chile">
Law of Chile

The legal system of Chile belongs to the Continental Law tradition.
The basis for its public law is the 1980 Constitution, reformed in 1989 and 2005. According to it Chile is a "democratic republic". There is a clear separation of functions, between the President of the Republic, the Congress, the judiciary and a Constitutional Court. See Politics of Chile.
On the other hand, private relationships are governed by the Chilean Civil Code, most of which has not been amended in 150 years. There are also several laws outside of the Code that deal with most of the business law.
Public law.
Constitution.
The current Political Constitution of the Republic of Chile, approved by Chilean voters in a tightly controlled plebiscite on September 11, 1980 under Augusto Pinochet, and made effective on March 11, 1981, has been amended in 1989, 1991, 1994, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003 and 2005.
In 2005 over 50 reforms were approved, which eliminated some of the remaining undemocratic areas of the text, such as the existence of non-elected Senators (appointed senators, or senators for life) and the inability of the President to remove the Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces. These reforms led the President to controversially declare Chile's transition to democracy as complete. 
There is a constitutional court ("Tribunal Constitucional") with the competence to declare a singular law "not applicable" to an individual case ("inaplicabilidad por inconstitucionalidad") and, having declared that at least once, the unconstitutionality of that law in general.
Administrative law.
The President of the Republic must fulfill the administrative function, in collaboration with several Ministries or other authorities with "ministerial rank". Each Ministry has one or more sub secretaries. The actual "satisfaction of public needs" is performed through public services, dependant or at least related to one of those sub secretaries.
All Ministries and public services have a body of workers or administrative personnel ("funcionarios públicos").
Public property is subject to privileges and burdens, because it serves public purposes. The sea, rivers and lakes, mines and natural reservations belong to the state and may be used by "anyone", but when individual exploitation is possible they it is in the hands of privates. On the other hand, buildings, cars and other supplies that are necessary for the work of public agencies are also property of the state.
Public entities act through administrative procedures, that is, processes with formal stages where opportunities to deliver evidence and exercise appeals are granted to the citizens. The recent basic law of administrative procedures deals with most of the general matters pertaining the administrative procedures of all public entities.
There is not a singular Administrative court to deal with actions against the administrative entities, but several specialized courts and procedures of review. However, civil courts have jurisdiction over all matter that are not in the scope of other tribunal, such as public liability and the overturn of single administrative acts.
Regulation.
Since the privatization of most economic activities in the 1980s, the President and the independent agencies became the main policy makers regarding the regulation of the economy, subordinated to legislation.
The exploitation of mines and water resources is given in concession to private entrepreneurs.
All activities that can have a significant impact on the environment must obtain an administrative authorization and are subject to heavy regulation by several different agencies.
There are agencies ("Superintendencias") dealing with Electricity and Fuels, Water Supply and Treatment, Banking and Finance, Stock Exchange, Bankruptcy, Pensions and Retirement Funds, Health, Social Security, etc.
Private law.
Civil Code.
The Civil Code of the Republic of Chile is the work of the Chilean-Venezuelan jurist and legislator Andrés Bello. After several years of individual work (though officially presented as the work of multiple Congress commissions), Congress passed the Civil Code into law on 14 December 1855, and came into force on 1 January 1857. The Code has kept in force since then though it has been the object of numerous alterations.
The main modernisations the code has undergone have affected family law and the law of successions. On one hand, these reforms have introduced more equal relations between men and women and, on the other, they have eliminated discriminations between children born from married couples and those born extramaritally.
Being part of the civil law tradition, there is no obedience to precedent in Chilean law. Nevertheless, sentences of a higher court can be appealed to the Supreme Court based in the "erroneous application of the law", thus being able to deliver uniform decisions in controversial matters of law." See Judiciary of Chile".
Commerce.
Though the Commerce Code of 1868 was the main source of business law, nowadays the legislation is widely spread in many legislative bodies.
For instance, both the Civil Code and the Commerce Code deal with the basic matters of enterprises, but Corporations and limited liability enterprises have a statute of its own.
Recently the law of bankruptcy has been incorporated in the Commerce Code, in a process of re-codification.
Matters such as banking and the stock exchange are strongly regulated by government agencies and therefore are subject to public scrutiny. Recently, these agencies have fined important executives for insider trading [http://www.elclarin.cl/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=10143&Itemid=47].
Criminal Law.
Since the year 2000, Chilean criminal procedure is experimenting one of the most important legal reforms of the country's history, completely replacing an inquisitory procedure by an accusatory system, very similar to the one in Germany or the United States. While the prosecution is in charge of an autonomous authority ("Ministerio Público"), the actual judgement is made by a collegiate court ("Tribunal de Juicio Oral en lo Penal"). Trials are public and verbal. However, the law grants several alternatives to the defendant so as to avoid the trial, but, at the same time, grant the victim's satisfaction and the public safety.
The Chilean Criminal Code, which defines the conducts that constitute an offense and the applicable conviction, dates back to 1874. It was greatly inspired by the Spanish Code of 1848 and the Belgian Code of 1867. The Code has been widely criticized, and the Ministry of Justice is studying a complete replacement by the year 2010 [http://www.politicacriminal.cl/n_01/pdf_01/d_1.pdf].

</doc>
<doc id="19278025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278025" title="1993 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles">
1993 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles

Boris Becker was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Anders Järryd won the final of the singles event of the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament, defeating Karel Nováček 6–3, 7–5.

</doc>
<doc id="19278037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278037" title="Varnum v. Brien">
Varnum v. Brien

Varnum v. Brien, 763 N.W.2d 862 (Iowa 2009), was a unanimous decision of the Iowa Supreme Court dated April 3, 2009, that held the state's limitation of marriage to opposite-sex couples violated the equal protection clause of the Iowa Constitution. It established same-sex marriage in Iowa. In 2007, a lower court had granted summary judgment in favor of six same-sex couples who sued Timothy Brien, Polk County Recorder, for refusing to grant them marriage licenses.
In 2010 Iowa voters defeated the retention of three of the judges responsible for the decision, but in 2012 they retained the one judge who participated in the decision and whose term would otherwise have ended, following various polls showing that a majority of Iowans support marriage equality.
Issue.
Six same-sex couples went to the Office of the Polk County Recorder in Des Moines, Iowa, at various times between November 2005 and January 2006 in an attempt to apply for marriage licenses. Each couple's application was denied because in each case the couple was composed of two people of the same sex, and Iowa law only permitted couples composed of one man and one woman to marry. The couples filed suit in Polk County District Court, arguing that this law violated certain rights guaranteed by the Iowa constitution.
District Court ruling.
Judge Robert Hanson of Polk County District Court ruled in favor of the plaintiffs on August 30, 2007. He ruled that the marriage statute was unconstitutional, and that the Polk County Recorder was required to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples who otherwise meet the requirements for marriage. Hanson's ruling states, in part, that:
Judge Hanson issued a stay of his ruling on August 31, 2007, in anticipation of an appeal to the Iowa Supreme Court. One same-sex couple was able to obtain a marriage license in the brief time between Hanson's ruling and the stay.
Iowa Supreme Court ruling.
Polk County appealed Hanson's ruling to the Iowa Supreme Court, which heard oral arguments on December 9, 2008. There were 24 amicus curiae briefs filed with the court. In a unanimous opinion authored by Justice Mark S. Cady, the Court affirmed Hanson's decision on April 3, 2009.
The Supreme Court initially stated its duty to protect the right of individuals:
The Court noted that Iowa has a long history of progressive thought on civil rights. Seventeen years before the Dred Scott decision, the Iowa Supreme Court "refused to treat a human being as property to enforce a contract for slavery and held our laws must extend equal protection to persons of all races and conditions." Eighty-six years before "separate but equal" was struck down by the U.S. Supreme Court in "Brown v. Board of Education", the Iowa Supreme Court ruled such practices unconstitutional in Iowa. In 1869, Iowa was the first state in the union to admit women to the bar and allow them to practice law. Three years later the U.S. Supreme Court affirmed the State of Illinois' decision to "deny" women admission to the bar.
The Court stated that the equal protection clause of the Iowa Constitution requires that laws treat alike all those who are similarly situated with respect to the purposes of the law, and concluded that homosexual persons are similarly situated compared to heterosexual persons for purposes of Iowa's marriage laws. The Court applied the standard of review known as intermediate scrutiny to assess the government's objectives as described by the county: maintaining traditional marriage, promotion of an optimal environment to raise children, promotion of procreation, promotion of stability in opposite-sex relationships and conservation of resources. The Court concluded that:
But the court noted the national development of gay rights in both "Lawrence v. Texas" and "Romer v. Evans", and it cited discussion in these cases as evidence of a history of discrimination against gays and lesbians. Because plaintiffs brought a state constitutional claim, the state Supreme Court was not constrained by federal precedents, and the decision was not subject to review by a federal court.
On April 27, 2009, the Iowa Supreme Court issued a procedendo directing the Iowa District Court for the County of Polk to "proceed in the manner required by law and consistent with the opinion of the court." The court's decision became effective with the issuance of the procedendo.
Reaction.
In a joint press release on April 3, Iowa House Speaker Pat Murphy and Senate majority leader Mike Gronstal welcomed the court's decision, saying "When all is said and done, we believe the only lasting question about today’s events will be why it took us so long. It is a tough question to answer because treating everyone fairly is really a matter of Iowa common sense and Iowa common decency. Iowa has always been a leader in the area of civil rights.” Iowa State Senator Matt McCoy, who is openly gay, welcomed the decision, calling it "a red letter day for the state of Iowa."
The state Senate Republican leader, Paul McKinley, expressed disappointment and called for a constitutional amendment that "protects traditional marriage." Iowa Governor Chet Culver stated that he was "reluctant to support amending the Iowa Constitution to add a provision that our Supreme Court has said is unlawful and discriminatory."
Iowa business owner Bob Vander Plaats, in his unsuccessful bid for the Republican gubernatorial primary, promised to "issue an executive order that puts a stay on same-sex marriages until the people of Iowa vote", although state officials said that the governor lacks the power to halt the implementation of State Supreme Court decisions.
Critics contended that court rulings that grant same-sex couples the right to marry overstep the constitutional authority of the judicial branch, that such decisions should be left to more representative processes such as legislation and ballot-initiatives. Others contended that equal treatment under the law and due process with respect to denying same-sex couples the right to marry unequivocally deserved a response from the court. In declaring the DOMA statute an unconstitutional violation the Iowa's equal protection clause, the court referred to the constitutional provision declaring such statutes "void."
Following the decision, groups opposed to same-sex marriage organized a campaign against Chief Justice Marsha Ternus, Justice David Baker, and Justice Michael Streit in their subsequent retention election, "with heavy support from out-of-state conservative and religious groups." All three were dismissed by Iowa voters on November 2, 2010, marking the first time an Iowa Supreme Court justice was not retained since the retention system was adopted for Iowa justices in 1962. In 2012, the three of them received Profile In Courage Awards from the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation. In presenting the award, Caroline Kennedy said:
In the November 6, 2012, election, voters retained Justice David Wiggins, the one judge who participated in "Varnum" whose retention was on the ballot, by a 54% to 46% margin.

</doc>
<doc id="19278055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278055" title="Seymour High School (Indiana)">
Seymour High School (Indiana)

Seymour High School is a secondary school in Indiana.
History.
Prior to 1870 an iron fence separated a tract of forest land from the growing town of Seymour. In that year the tree-covered plot was leased by the town school board and work began on a three-story brick building facing the east. The heirs of Captain Meedy Shields later gave this land to the city for school purposes.
Here stood the first Shields High School, surrounded by trees and for many years bordered on the west by a great pond. On the first floor were two grade rooms and the public library; on the second, two grade rooms and the superintendent's office; and on the third, the music room and the assembly room.
In 1876 there had been an addition of six rooms, but the growing population of Seymour now demanded even more space if the supply of rooms was to meet the needs of the pupils. In 1911, a new school building arose on the foundations of the old. This building is the one which houses the Shields Junior High School today.
It was not long until sports and inter-school competition came into prominence. By 1922 students and citizens alike complained of the smallness of the Shields gymnasium, so in 1922 a south wing was added to the school. This contained an auditorium-gymnasium and above it six classrooms.
In the middle of the 1930s sports fans again began to clamor for a gymnasium big enough to house all the Owl supporters and in November 1937 a fire-proof structure with a capacity of 3308 was begun as a WPA project. The seating capacity was later expanded to 3800.
In September 1959, Shields High School was moved to completely new facilities on at the west edge of Seymour. The 9th grade remained, along with grades 7 and 8, in the Shields High School facilities and became known as the Shields Junior High School. In addition to classroom and laboratory facilities, the new two-story building contained the school's administrative ad guidance offices, a 110 seat library, an 1100 seat auditorium, and a 300-seat cafeteria. In 1960 the football stadium and an all-purpose track were added to the high school campus. In 1968 work began on a new gymnasium, indoor swimming pool, and a separate academic facility consisting of ten classrooms, two science labs, and two industrial arts labs. These new facilities were ready for occupancy in the fall of 1970, and at that time, ninth grade students again became part of the high school. A fourth building, the power heating plant, varsity and reserve baseball diamonds, and eight tennis courts are also located on campus.
In 1988, the library and business classrooms above the library were renovated and enlarged, and an additional computer lab was constructed for the business department. In 1992, the guidance and administrative offices were renovated and enlarged. In 1997 a two year, $18 million renovation and building expansion project that included the construction of a new auxiliary gym, a new science wing, a hallway linkage between the original building and the 1968 building, and extensive remodeling of all classrooms, the cafeteria and the Earl D. Prout was completed. In the spring of 2000 ground was broken on a major renovation of the stadium including the remodeling of locker rooms and the construction of a new weight and training room.
In 2007, the girls softball facility was completely remodeled including the construction of dugouts and an announcers' booth. An indoor multi-purpose athletic facility was also constructed adjacent to the varsity baseball field.
In 2011, due to a flood the street in front of the Auditorium had to be removed and replaced.
In 2012, Seymour High School became the first school in Indiana to film a "Lip Dub." This was a large project which was filmed on the morning of May 3, 2012 and was premiered to SHS students on Monday Afternoon, May 7. The video went viral online gaining over 13,000 views and attracting large audiences to the Seymour High School webpage. The video was filmed by the team at Klaes Image Productions, a film company located next door to the school. The video can be viewed on www.vimeo.com/klaesimage/shslipdub. 

</doc>
<doc id="19278078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278078" title="Beecher's">
Beecher's

Beecher's may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19278090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278090" title="Betiana Blum">
Betiana Blum

Betiana Blum (born in Charata, Chaco in 1939 as Beatríz Ana Blum) is an Argentine actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19278096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278096" title="Dene Shields">
Dene Shields

Dene Shields (born 16 September 1982 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Gozo Football League First Division side Xewkija Tigers, where he plays as a striker. He finished 2012-2013 season as the league top scorer.
His younger brother is Jay Shields, who is also a footballer.
Career.
Shields began his career in Kirkcaldy with Raith Rovers, scoring on his first ever start and earning a £60,000 move to Sunderland in December 2002 after just one full first team appearance. Despite spending three years at the Stadium of Light, Shields never made a first-team appearance and was loaned to Scarborough and Doncaster Rovers during his time in England. In January 2003, Shields returned to Raith on a free transfer, two years after leaving. Released after only spending a few months on his return to Stark's Park, Shields joined Brechin City at the start of the 2003–04 season, only to move on loan to Cowdenbeath. Cowden made the move permanent in early 2004, tying Shields to a two-and-a-half-year contract.
A year later, Cowdenbeath chairman Gordon McDougall said it would take an "exceptional offer" to sell Shields after interest from Gretna and Hearts, and it was Gretna's £30,000 offer that saw Shields move to the Scottish Borders club in January 2005. Making only three substitute appearances in the remainder Gretna's title-winning season, Shields did not qualify for a medal and was loaned to Stranraer in the first few weeks of the 2005–06 season. On his return to Raydale Park, Shields played nine matches of Gretna's second successive title win, missing out on a winner's medal by one match. Shields was loaned out again at the start of the following season, this time to Stirling Albion, and although he played one match for Gretna on his return in January 2007, it was to be his last before a January 2007 move to Ross County.
In September 2008, Shields made East Fife his eleventh club when he joined on loan for the rest of the year, failing to score in ten appearances for the Methil side. On 19 February 2010 after being a free agent he re-signed for Raith Rovers.
Statistics.
"Correct after 1 January 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="19278099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278099" title="The Sunday Woman">
The Sunday Woman

The Sunday Woman () is a crime novel by Italian authors Carlo Fruttero and Franco Lucentini, first published in 1972. It was subsequently translated into English by William Weaver in 1973.
The novel is set in the city of Turin, and deals with the investigation of commissioner Santamaria about the murder of an architect of dubious fame, Garrone. Among the protagonists are Anna Carla Dosio, a beautiful and rich woman, and her friend Massimo Campi, a rich homosexual, who, while playing an intellectual game, had the architect Garrone killed in a letter. Later in the novel, Campi's boyfriend, Lello, a municipal clerk who was investigating by himself on the murder, is also killed. In the end of the novel, suspicions against the two are raised when Santamaria discovers that Garrone had been killed for his blackmailing, related to a project for a new quarter of buildings, against an old woman.
The book is notable for its ironic portrait of Turin's bourgeoise. It is also considered one of the first examples of modern Italian crime novels.
Film.
A movie with the same title, directed by Luigi Comencini, was released in 1976, starring Marcello Mastroianni as Santamaria, Jacqueline Bisset as Anna Carla and Jean-Louis Trintignant as Massimo.

</doc>
<doc id="19278109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278109" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 62 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 62 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 62 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19278147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278147" title="List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2004">
List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2004

These are the "Official Charts Company" UK Rock Chart number one hits of 2004. 

</doc>
<doc id="19278172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278172" title="Kitengesa Community Library">
Kitengesa Community Library

Kitengesa Community Library is a small but very successful library in central Uganda. It is part of the Uganda Community Libraries Association (link) and the Friends of African Village Libraries (link). The library received international attention in October 2010 when BBC correspondent Mike Wooldridge did a special report on it for BBC News (link).
History.
Starting in April 1999 with a box of books and 13 students, the Kitengesa Community Library has evolved into an innovative learning center serving 250 students and their extended families. It was started by Emmanuel Mawanda and Dr. Kate Parry. Mr. Mawanda is library director and Headmaster of Kitengesa Comprehensive Secondary School. Dr. Parry divides her time between New York City where she is Professor of English at Hunter College, and Uganda where she has lived for many years.
Library vision.
It is not only a gathering place for knowledge enrichment for the local community, but also serves as a window to the world via Internet technologies. Reading readiness and reading skills are offered as supplemental to primary and secondary schools as well as literacy programs for adults. 
Since the late 1980s Uganda has rebounded from the abyss of civil war and economic catastrophe to become relatively peaceful, stable and prosperous. The people of Kitengesa will contribute to Uganda's future, and Africa's imprint on the rest of the world.
Library patrons.
The people who use the library most are students and teachers in Kitengesa Secondary Comprehensive School, but increasingly, primary and pre-school children are also using the library. Local residents use it regularly too. The library serves all in the community - from those who are able to read, to the newly literate, to those who want to learn to read and write. 
Funding.
Until 2007, there have been three major funding sources, including: United Nations One Percent For Development Fund, Kitengesa Comprehensive Secondary School, and Friends of Kitengesa Community Library. Since 2007, in addition to these major sources, several organizations have made significant contributions, including: YouLead, FADA (Forestry for African Development Association), and TEAA (Teachers for East Africa Alumni).
Research.
The Kitengesa Community Library has been the site of international research efforts since 2004. Researchers have studied the impact of the library on the surrounding community. Articles and book chapters detailing these research efforts have been published widely. Research topics have included the impact of the library on local economic development; the relationship of language, literacy, cultural practices and the role of the library; the impact of the library on student scholastic achievement; the impact of the library on children's learning readiness; the impact of the library on teaching and teacher outcomes; and the impact of the library on girls and women. A short documentary (link) on Kitengesa details a recent research project on children's learning readiness skills and the relation to the library. A few of the published articles are listed below, links to the actual articles are provided where possible:
The research has and continues to influence development of the library and library-related services in the village. For example, findings from an unpublished research study (Jones 2008) on secondary schooling for girls led to the creation of the AFRIPads Project (link). The study revealed that girls were missing school each month due to the lack of availability of proper feminine hygiene products. 
Additional related research includes the following:
Jones, S. 2008. Secondary schooling for girls in rural Uganda: challenges, opportunities and emerging identities. Unpublished doctoral dissertation, University of British Columbia.
Jones, S. 2011. Girls' secondary education in Uganda: Assessing policy within the women's empowerment framework. Gender and Education 23(4): 385-413.
Jones, S. and Norton, B. 2007. On the Limits of Sexual Health Literacy: Insights From Ugandan Schoolgirls. DIASPORA, INDIGENOUS, AND MINORITY EDUCATION, 1(4), 285–305.
Kendrick, M., and Jones, S. 2008. Girls’ visual representations of literacy in a rural Ugandan community. Canadian Journal of Education 31(2): 371-404.
Norton, B., Jones, S., and Ahimbisibwe, D. 2011. Learning about HIV/AIDS in Uganda: Digital resources and language learner identities. The Canadian Modern Language Review 67(4): 569-90.
Yellin, E. (forthcoming). An Exploration of Caregiver Grief, Depression, and Outcomes Associated with Child Mortality in rural Uganda. Unpublished Ph.D. dissertation, Long Island University, Brookville, NY.
Videos.
There are a number of videos that provide a visual tour of the library and the community:
BBC story on the Kitengesa Community Library (2010). http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-11499311
A brief documentary on the use of the Library by women from the community. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLuGPQ2DNko (by Eric Yellin)
A brief documentary on the reading and literacy research project at the Kitengesa Community Library. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQXxDx3Aku0 (by Eric Yellin)
Opening Ceremony of the new Kitengesa Community Library building, 2009. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U00ZT3QRp7Q
VIdeo montage from Kitengesa Community Library. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lypvVNwYHF0 (by Jeff Leake)
A Visit to the Uganda Community Libraries Association and Kitengesa Community Library. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVnQTrwVDsk (by Liliana Hertling)
Grants & Awards.
2013 - An EIFL-PLIP (Electronic Information for Libraries-Public Libraries Innovation Programmes) Award for library services that contribute to social inclusion in the community (http://www.eifl.net/news/five-libraries-win-eifl-plip-award-social-inc). The project for which the library won the prize is the work that it is doing with students at the nearby Good Samaritan School for the Deaf. Volunteers Nidhi Abraham and Ooi Koon Peng from the University of British Columbia initiated the project with the help of Nakasiita Rosemary, one of the Library Scholars. The students now come regularly to the library to read books, learn how to use the computers, and to teach hearing people in the library’s Sign Language Club; they also talk to Nidhi and Koon Peng every week by Skype.

</doc>
<doc id="19278192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278192" title="List of atlases">
List of atlases

This is a list of atlases, each a collection of maps, some including statistical data for the regions represented:
Selected general atlases.
Some cartographically or commercially important atlases include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19278218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278218" title="Amalgamated Society of Woodworkers">
Amalgamated Society of Woodworkers

The Amalgamated Society of Woodworkers was a British trades union representing carpenters, joiners and allied trades. The ASW was formed in 1921 by the amalgamation of two smaller unions. It was itself merged into the Union of Construction, Allied Trades and Technicians in 1971.
History.
The ASW was formed in 1921 through the merger of two rival unions: the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters, Cabinetmakers and Joiners and the General Union of Carpenters and Joiners.
The ASW had 176,000 members by 1945, making it the seventh largest union in Britain. Its membership rose to 198,000 by 1956.
On July 1, 1970, the ASW was merged with Amalgamated Society of Painters and Decorators and the Association of Building Technicians to form the Amalgamated Society of Woodworkers and Painters. One year later the new union was itself merged with Amalgamated Union of Building Trade Workers to become the Amalgamated Society of Woodworkers Painters and Builders (ASWPB). At the end of 1971 the ASWPB was renamed the Union of Construction, Allied Trades and Technicians (UCATT).

</doc>
<doc id="19278221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278221" title="XPT (Extreme Power Tools)">
XPT (Extreme Power Tools)

The XPT (Extreme Power Tools) is a commercial Win32 Windows software toolset by Radsoft company, specifically designed for programmers and system administrators. The XPT comprises some 150 applications notable for their "bare metal" design, a "software tools" philosophy, and "not a single bug found" in its over ten years of distribution. The average XPT executable is 7.19 KB, which allows it to be extremely portable software, as it is also "no intrusion" software, meaning it doesn't place files or leave footprints on the host computer.
The name of the software toolset comes from an interview where the authors were asked if the XPT was for "power users only". The answer was "if they're power users they need to be extreme power users".
Programming Approach.
The "software tools" philosophy centers on making programs which do one thing only, and do it very well - in contrast to the 'bells and whistles' philosophy found in many commercial products. The XPT's authors say the 'software tools' approach is what leads to XPT's bug-free reputation.
Bare Metal.
The XPT applications are Win32 GUI applications and with an average a footprint of 7.19KB. The toolset includes several fully featured text editors under or around 10KB and a fully functional Windows Explorer replacement at 14.5KB. The largest application executables are the screen savers.
The XPT toolset (sans documentation) fits on a 1.44MB diskette.
No Intrusion.
The XPT is not shareware. The authors eschew inserting anything in program code not part of the software's express purpose and functionality (see 'software tools' philosophy). Certain titles in the XPT have been available as freeware from time to time.
The XPT has no 'installation': all applications run completely "as is" (usually by double-clicking).
The XPT is entirely self-contained and leaves essentially no remnants on user hard drives. All XPT tools share a single common Registry key and no application saves anything to the Registry without the user's express consent. Removing the XPT from a hard drive means removing the original setup directory and at most a single Registry key.
Bloatware Debate.
Radsoft's XPT was in the news in 1999 when the bloatware debate exploded at "RISKS Digest" and other places. "Slate" and the "London Daily Telegraph" had a heated exchange and Radsoft, who were consulted during this period, wrote a number of well-received articles on the subject, in particular attacking Microsoft for a cavalier attitude towards quality control. In 1999 Radsoft announced a feature-rich replacement for Microsoft's Windows Explorer under 28 KB. The application, known as X-file, was released to readers of the "RISKS Digest" forum as freeware and later was integrated into the XPT as a whole.
Ethics in Programming.
The authors of the XPT have often come out on the side of the consumer against cynical corporate interests. For example, the XPT also contains an "antidote" for Evidence Eliminator, also available in a limited freeware edition.
Fans of the XPT began the Bloatbusters in 2000 as a way to react to what was perceived as the deteriorating quality of Windows software. The Bloatbusters have been hosted by Radsoft but are otherwise not connected to the parent site.
The XPT also garnered attention when it was discovered Microsoft's Windows XP search tools refused to show files under certain circumstances; as the XPT file management utilities do not use the same APIs they are able to see "everything".

</doc>
<doc id="19278230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278230" title="Maksim Tsyhalka">
Maksim Tsyhalka

Maksim "Maxim" Tsyhalka (, , "Maksim Tsygalko") (often spelled Maxim Tsigalko) (born 27 May 1983) is a former Belarusian football player. He had to end his professional career early (at the age of 26) in 2010 due to persistent injuries.
He began his playing career at a youth team Dinamo-Yuni Minsk before moving up to play for the Dinamo Minsk first team, he spent 5 years with the club before moving to fellow Belarus team Naftan Novopolotsk, after an unsuccessful 2 seasons there Tsyhalka soon moved on to pastures new with Kazakhstan club Kaisar Kyzylorda. Again Tsyhalka spent 2 seasons with the club before moving on yet again to Armenian team Banants Yerevan in the summer of 2008, Tsyhalka only had a short stint at the club before moving on again. He spent a season for now defunct Belarus club FC Savit Mogilev, he scored 2 goals in his short spell at the club before being released after FC Savit were thrown out of the league and dissolved. 
Tsyhalka also has a twin brother Yuri who plays as a goalkeeper for Shakhtyor Soligorsk. The brothers played alongside each other at Dinamo Minsk.
In popular culture.
Maksim and, to a lesser extent, his brother Yuri both achieved a small amount of fame and worldwide renown after they were featured in the Championship Manager / Football Manager computer game series by Sports Interactive, especially in . Both players were present in the database with good starting stats and a very high potential, and Maksim (spelled "Maxim Tsigalko" in the game) in particular was capable of becoming a world class player, to the degree that he is very well known amongst fans of the Football Manager series and considered one of the game's legends.

</doc>
<doc id="19278239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278239" title="Bahman Maghsoudlou">
Bahman Maghsoudlou

Bahman Maghsoudlou (born in Gorgan, Iran, 1946) is a film scholar, critic, and independent film producer/director.
Career.
Bahman Maghsoudlou is the recipient of Iran's Forough Farrokhzad literary award for writing and editing a series of books about cinema and theater (1975), including "Iranian Cinema" (1987, New York University's Center for Middle Eastern Studies). He was presented this award at the fourth Forough Farrokhzad awards ceremony, held at the Central Palace for Young Adults in February 1975.
Maghsoudlou wrote, directed and produced a short documentary on artist Ardeshir Mohasses called "Ardeshir Mohasses & His Caricatures" in 1972. This would turn out to be the first in a series of films on Iran's most important artistic figures, although the follow-ups would not be produced for many years afterwards. In 1998, he produced "Ahmad Shamlou: Master Poet of Liberty" which was subsequently followed by "Ahmad Mahmoud: A Noble Novelist" in 2004 and "Iran Darroudi: The Painter of Ethereal Moments" in 2009, the latter two for which he also served as director. The most recent addition to this series is an update to his earlier film on Mohasses, entitled "Ardeshir Mohasses: The Rebellious Artist". Maghsoudlou had long wished to update his earlier film on his friend and the inspiration came after two occurrences in 2008: a long overdue retrospective of Mohasses's work at the Asia Society in New York City and the artist's untimely passing. The new film features interviews with prominent critics and friends from around the world and emphasizes the eternal truth in Mohasses's struggles with censorship. The film had its world premiere in April of 2013 at the Palm Beach International Film Festival.
As a producer his films have been to more than 100 film festivals world wide.These films include:
"The Suitors", selected for the Cannes in 1988; "Manhattan by Numbers" (by Amir Naderi), selected for Venice and Toronto 1993; "Seven Servants" by Daryush Shokof, selected for Berlin, Toronto and Locarno 1996, and "Silence of the Sea", selected for the Mannheim Film Festival 2003.
He is currently producing and directing a feature length documentary on the history of Iranian Cinema entitled, "Iranian Cinema, Searching for the Roots: 1900-1979", and the documentary "The Life and Legacy of Mohammad Mossadegh".
Having organized the first ever Iranian Film Festival in New York in 1980, he organized the International Short Film Festival: Independent Films on Iran, which was held in October 2007, in New York. In 2009, Maghsoudlou authored the book "Grass: Untold Stories" which detailed the background stories related to the making of the 1925 silent movie, Grass. A major part of the movie had been filmed in Maghsoudlou's native Iran.
A graduate in cinema studies from the College of Staten Island with a PhD from Columbia University, Maghsoudlou lives in New York.
He recently became a member of the prestigious list of PEN American Center in 2011.
Maghsoudlou has served as a jury member for a number of prestigious international film festivals. Most recently, he had the honor of being the lone non-Spanish member of the jury for the 3rd Edition of the IBAFF, International Film Festival (held March 5 through 10th in Murcia, Spain), serving alongside a group of notables of the Spanish film scene, including Alberto Elena.

</doc>
<doc id="19278244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278244" title="Pearson Springs Park">
Pearson Springs Park

Pearson Springs Park is a public park managed by Maryville/Alcoa/Blount County Parks and Recreation. Pearson Springs parallels Pistol Creek from Best Road on the northeast to the junction of the Maryville Alcoa Greenway and Montgomery Lane on the southwest, all within the City of Maryville, Tennessee.
Features.
Pearsons Springs Park contains one mile of the Maryville Alcoa Greenway bordering Pistol Creek.
Facilities include a pavilion, three soccer practice fields, two baseball diamonds, restroom facilities and parking.
Between the baseball diamonds and the Greenway is a designated meadow habitat. An educational plaque provides information on meadow habitats.
References.
Maryville-Alcoa-Blount County Parks and Recreation

</doc>
<doc id="19278249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278249" title="Otto Mayer-Serra">
Otto Mayer-Serra

Otto Mayer-Serra (1904 in Barcelona, Spain – 1968 in Mexico City), was a Spanish-Mexican musicologist known for being one of the first musicologist to write a systematic study of 20th century Mexican music.
Life.
His father was a German of Jewish origin. He was later adopted by the Spanish family Serra in 1934 when he became Spanish citizen.
Mayer-Serra studied music in Barcelona, although his music education came from the German and French school. While living in Barcelona he became a music critic and during the Spanish Civil War he worked in the music department for the support of the Generalitat. In 1937 his "Cancionero Revolucionario Internacional" (International and revolutionary Songbook) was published, in which he collected many revolutionary songs of the time by composers such as Silvestre Revueltas and Halffter. He joined the music magazine ¨Música¨, which had an important support from the official Spanish government. There he published the first Spanish articles on the concept of Music Sociology "En torno de una Sociología de la Música". Along with Rodolfo Halffter he suffered the bombing of Figueras (Girona), where he lost part of his work. During that period he wrote in other magazines like "Hora de España". In 1939 he movedto Mexico. There he worked as musicologist and music critic in the journal ¨Últimas Novedades¨ and in the magazine ¨Tiempo¨ as well as in programming concerts. He was artistic director of the Orquesta de Jalapa. One of his first writings was "Silvestre Revueltas, su vida y su obra" (Silvestre Revueltas, his life and work) was published in the magazine ¨Hoy¨ in Mexico City. "Música y músicos de Latinoamérica" (Music and musicians of Latin America) became his most important work and is one of the leading source for Latin American music studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19278279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278279" title="Theo Caldwell">
Theo Caldwell

Theo Caldwell is a Canadian, Irish and American businessman, writer, and former television host. Caldwell is also an investment advisor in the US and Canada, and is president of Caldwell Asset Management, one of the subsidiaries of Caldwell Financial Ltd, a company established by his father Thomas Caldwell.
Education and career.
Caldwell was educated at Upper Canada College (UCC), a private high school, graduating in 1991. He holds a B.A. in English from the University of Trinity College and an M.P.P. from the University of London.
In the 2000 Canadian federal election, Caldwell was the candidate for the Canadian Alliance in the Toronto riding of St. Paul's. Caldwell placed third with 5,415 votes (11.7%) behind Barry Cline, the Progressive Conservative candidate and Carolyn Bennett, the Liberal candidate who won the riding.
Until 2011, Caldwell was a regular columnist for the "Toronto Sun" and other "Sun Media" properties; he has also been published in the "National Post". He was also a regular financial and political commentator on CTV and CTV News Channel.
In August 2008, Theo Caldwell was recognized as the Canadian Institute for Jewish Research Golden Magen Davidhonoree for outstanding person of the year, for his support of Israel in the columns of "Sun Media" properties and in the "National Post".
He is the author of a children's book, "Finn the Half-Great", published in 2009 which debuted as the top teen literature book in the country that year and was named as one of the Toronto Star's top holiday fantasy reads for children.
Caldwell currently hosts "Global Command Centre" a syndicated programme on international politics produced by New Light Pictures Global Media. 
Caldwell returned to UCC in 2010 to serve a year as McLeese Chair in Canadian Debating.
Sun News Network.
In mid-April 2011, Caldwell was named host of "The Caldwell Account", a news and analysis show on Sun News Network. Caldwell was criticized for his interviewing skills, notably his fast-talking and frequent interruptions. Theo Caldwell left the network the week of June 27, 2011. Caldwell's short tenure at Sun received further notice in November 2011 when Sun News reprinted a group photo from its launch in which Caldwell's image was pasted over "with a discoloured, mildly out-of-proportion image of his replacement, Toronto radio host Michael Coren."

</doc>
<doc id="19278285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278285" title="Tender Melody">
Tender Melody

Tender Melody is a studio album of Sofia Rotaru, recorded at Melodiya in the USSR. The album was widely acclaimed in the countries of the former USSR and the total sales amounted to more than 2 million copies.
Languages of performance.
Songs are performed in Russian and Moldavin languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19278287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278287" title="Jon Richards (politician)">
Jon Richards (politician)

Jon Richards (born September 5, 1963) is a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 19th Assembly District since 1999 and currently serving as Chairman of the Health and Healthcare Reform Committee. Richards announced on October 16, 2013, that he would run for Wisconsin attorney general.
Early Life and Education.
Born in Waukesha, Wisconsin, Richards graduated from Waukesha North High School. Richards received his bachelors degree from Lawrence University and before earning his law degree from University of Wisconsin Law School, he attended Keio University in Tokyo, Japan.
Career.
Richards taught English in Japan and volunteered with Mother Teresa in Calcutta, India. He was a special prosecutor in the Kenosha County district attorney's office before being elected to the Wisconsin State General Assembly, where he has represented the 19th district since 1998. He served as Assistant Minority Leader from 2003-2007.
In October 2013, Richards announced he would run for attorney general in Wisconsin. 

</doc>
<doc id="19278310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278310" title="Alberta Liberal Party leadership election, 2008">
Alberta Liberal Party leadership election, 2008

The 2008 Alberta Liberal leadership election was held on December 12, 2008, to select a leader of the Alberta Liberal Party. Incumbent leader Kevin Taft announced his resignation June 2008, in the wake of the March provincial election in which the Liberals lost seven of their sixteen seats.
Candidates.
Candidates had until September 30 to file nomination papers. Three candidates announced their intentions to run:
Speculated candidates.
Hugh MacDonald, Edmonton-Gold Bar MLA since 1997, was at one time considering a candidacy. Laurie Blakeman, MLA for Edmonton Centre since 1997 and Liberal House Leader, had been widely expected to run but in August announced that she would not do so, citing the financial cost of a candidacy. She said that she would not be endorsing a candidate. Other Liberals to publicly decline to run included Calgary mayor Dave Bronconnier and former Deputy Prime Minister Anne McLellan, both of whom announced their intentions immediately following Taft's resignation, and former Edmonton-Rutherford MLA Rick Miller, who expressed concern that, with the next provincial election presumably so far off, he wouldn't have a seat in the legislature for three and a half years after being elected leader.
Results.
David Swann was elected leader of the Alberta Liberal Party on the first ballot, receiving more than half of the total votes cast.

</doc>
<doc id="19278316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278316" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre air pistol">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre air pistol

Men's 10 metre air pistol was one of the fifteen shooting events at the 1996 Summer Olympics. The defending champion, Wang Yifu, set an Olympic record of 587 points in the qualification round, taking a two-point lead. His lead increased during the final up to the last shot, where he scored a mere 6.5, and then fainted. He still won his fourth Olympic medal but lost the gold to Roberto Di Donna by the closest possible margin, 0.1 points. Medical staff of the Atlanta Games connected the incident to the heat, around outside (although the final hall was air-conditioned).
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="19278364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278364" title="Chris Catalyst">
Chris Catalyst

Chris Catalyst (born 11 February 1980) is the guitarist from the rock bands Eureka Machines and The Sisters of Mercy. He was also known as Robochrist, a solo industrial comedy act with face paint and props which he used to perform, but is now on hold for the time being.
Biography.
He was born in Beverley, East Riding of Yorkshire, England. He has played in many varied bands, including Catylyst, Mr Shiraz, The Dead Pets, Robochrist, The Sisters of Mercy, Mi Mye (also featuring Whiskas of ¡Forward, Russia!, Napoleon IIIrd and Jamie Lockhart), Ginger of The Wildhearts, AntiProduct (with Alex Kane from Life, Sex & Death and Clam Abuse, and Ben Graves from Murderdolls and dope), Napoleon IIIrd, The Scaramanga Six, Mariachi El Bronx and The God Damn Whores (with Ginger of The Wildhearts, and Jon Poole of Cardiacs).
Chris is currently fronting his own pop-rock act called Eureka Machines, who released their debut album "Do Or Die" on 1 September 2008 and the single "Everyone Loves You" on 4 May 2009. Their second album, "Champion the Underdog", was released in May 2011, and third album "Remain In Hope" - funded by a successful PledgeMusic campaign - was released in February 2013.
In May 2010, Chris played bass guitar for Mariachi El Bronx on a European tour with Gogol Bordello, deputising for their absent guitarrón player.

</doc>
<doc id="19278366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278366" title="Black Ice World Tour">
Black Ice World Tour

Black Ice World Tour was a 2008/2009/2010 concert tour by Australian rock band AC/DC in support of the group's 15th studio album, "Black Ice", which was released in October 2008. The tour was the band's first since the Stiff Upper Lip World Tour in 2000/2001.
The jaunt began in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, United States in late October 2008. By spring 2010, the tour had reached North America, Europe, South America, Oceania and Asia.
The tour ended up being the most successful by AC/DC, grossing roughly $441.1 million, making it the fourth highest-grossing concert tour of all-time.
Overview.
The tour began with a North American leg, kicking off in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania in late October and continuing until late December. The initial leg was met with unprecedented demand, with 18 record sell-outs across the continent. A second North American leg commenced in January 2009, ultimately culminating later in the month in Nashville, Tennessee.
In February 2009, the group began their first round of European shows, beginning in Oslo and wrapping up in Birmingham, U.K. in April. One of two dates scheduled in Antwerp, Belgium was cancelled after lead singer Brian Johnson fell ill. On 29 March, the concert in Zürich, Switzerland was postponed due to undisclosed "technical difficulties" and was rescheduled for 6 April.
In May 2009, the band commenced a second European leg, with all shows taking place in outdoor stadiums and venues. The jaunt began in Leipzig, Germany and ended the following month in Glasgow, U.K.
In July 2009, the band started a third leg of North America, playing a mixture of outdoor and indoor venues. The tour reached many Canadian markets that had been missed on the previous two legs. A fourth leg, which included dates in Mexico and Puerto Rico, followed in October and November. The initial six dates on the leg were postponed after Johnson underwent a medical procedure which subsequently required rest. Five of these shows were ultimately rescheduled for spring 2010; one date to be held in Phoenix, Arizona was cancelled due to a "scheduling conflict".
In November and December 2009, the band headed to South America, playing shows in Brazil and Argentina. The concerts in Buenos Aires were filmed for the DVD "Live at River Plate", to be released on 10 May 2011. Footage from the recordings were also used in the music video for "Shoot to Thrill", which is featured on the "Iron Man 2" soundtrack, along with another video with footage and audio from the Buenos Aires shows of "Highway to Hell" which is also featured in the "Iron Man 2" soundtrack. Earlier in November, it was falsely reported that a group of fans had issued a complaint to the band, criticising the setlist, when in turn it was merely a request for a mix up of the current touring setlist.
In January 2010, the group began a round of dates in New Zealand, subsequently reaching their native Australia in February. The Australian shows were the fastest selling concerts in the history of the country, with extra dates added in most markets due to demand. In early February, Johnson responded to the internet fans who had asked for a setlist change, saying "Fuck them", and that the stage show was too complicated for them to change songs easily. Following the Australian tour, which ended in Perth, Western Australia, the group played three shows in Japan.
In April 2010, the band returned to the U.S. to play the five shows which were rescheduled from October 2009. Later in the month, "Iron Man 2"—the soundtrack to the film of the same name—was released. The soundtrack compiled a host of the group's hits and lesser-known songs from early to recent years, and debuted at number four on the Billboard 200 album chart.
In May 2010, the band commenced a third leg of Europe, which included an appearance at the Download Festival in the U.K.. At a concert held in Oslo in late May, the group were forced to cut their setlist short due to the local curfew after an aircraft malfunction caused a delay to the band's arrival. "For Those About to Rock (We Salute You)" was omitted from the group's setlist for the first time since 21 August 1996. The tour wrapped up in Bilbao, Spain at Estadio San Mamés in late June.
The tour won the "Major Tour of the Year" award at the 2009 Pollstar Concert Industry Awards. The tour was also nominated in the "Top Tour" and "Top Draw" categories at the 2009 Billboard Touring Awards. According to Billboard, the tour "has clearly tapped into a demand for AC/DC, resulting from the band's eight-year absence from touring, and takes its place as one of the band's most successful tours."
By the tour's culmination, the group had played over 160 shows to approximately 4.9 million people. The tour was one of the highest grossing concert tours in history, grossing $441.6 million, third behind The Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour, which grossed $558.3 million in the mid-2000s, and U2's 360° Tour, which grossed $736.1 million in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19278375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278375" title="Happy Anniversary and Goodbye">
Happy Anniversary and Goodbye

Happy Anniversary and Goodbye is a 1974 American TV movie starring Lucille Ball and Art Carney as Norma and Malcolm Michaels, a middle-aged couple.
Plot.
Norma and Malcolm Michaels are a middle-aged married couple who are in the midst of a midlife crisis. Both decide to separate and begin their lives anew away from each other. However, problems ensue once they discover that they are no longer as young as they used to be.
Public Reception.
The special was the 4th highest rated program for the week and won its time slot with a rating of 27.9 and 42% share of the viewing audience.

</doc>
<doc id="19278406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278406" title="The Jayne Mansfield Story">
The Jayne Mansfield Story

The Jayne Mansfield Story is 1980 television film directed by Dick Lowry and starring Loni Anderson as the sex goddess, and Arnold Schwarzenegger as her body builder husband; based on the life of Jayne Mansfield. The film was originally titled "Jayne Mansfield: A Symbol of the '50s". The script is based on the book "Jayne Mansfield and the American Fifties" by Martha Saxton.
It was originally aired on CBS on October 29, 1980.
The film is listed in Golden Raspberry Award founder John Wilson's book "The Official Razzie Movie Guide" as one of the The 100 Most Enjoyably Bad Movies Ever Made.
Plot.
The film tells the somewhat fictionalized rise and fall of Hollywood bombshell and sex symbol, Jayne Mansfield.
"The Jayne Mansfield Story" opens in 1967 in Mississippi with Jayne Mansfield closing a show and then talking on a payphone with Mickey Hargitay about going on a new tour together. Intercut with scenes of Mansfield getting into a car and then crashing when the driver tries to overtake a spray truck is film of a teleprinter typing out the news of Mansfield's death. An announcer reads the text over both scenes. The film then goes to credits, intercut with still images of Mansfield as a child and young woman. 
The next scene is of an unnamed woman interviewing Hargitay about Mansfield (Hargitay's graying hair indicates that this is some time after her death). Hargitay shows her photos including one where a dark-haired Mansfield poses with a chimpanzee as a publicity stunt to promote a film premiere at the theater where she worked as a popcorn salesperson. (Hargitay narrates throughout the rest of the film). At a scene from the theater and at home Mansfield expresses her desire to act in films and she is shown as a single mother, taking care of her only daughter Jayne Marie after the father left because he disagreed with her acting ambition. 
In the next scene Mansfield approaches talent agent Bob Garrett on the street (whom she met, off-screen, at the premiere). She manages too convince Garrett to give her an audition for a one line part in a film after pushing her chest out and declaring that she has something more than Marilyn Monroe. At the audition, Mansfield declines to read the line given to her, opting instead to read a line from "Come Back, Little Sheba". She doesn't get the part.
Meeting later with Garrett, Mansfield makes a high pitched cooing sound and strikes a pose, asking rhetorically if this is what they want. Garrett tells her she might be on to something and tells her to lose weight and change her hair. Mansfield states that she'll project an airheaded bimbo image until her career gets going and then she'll switch to more serious roles. A month later Mansfield meets with Garrett at a car dealership, with blonde hair and wearing a pink polka-dot dress, she's received a pink Cadillac for free as promotion. Next, Mansfield appears at the Southern California press club (courtesy of Garrett to raise her profile), handing out Christmas presents while wearing a white fur trimmed bikini top and bottom. At a Florida poolside photoshoot, Mansfield pretends to fall in the pool (losing her bikini top in the process), shouting that she can't swim to get the attention of the photographers who eagerly take pictures of her.

</doc>
<doc id="19278425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278425" title="Triplex Cone">
Triplex Cone

Triplex Cone is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is thought to have last erupted in the Holocene period.

</doc>
<doc id="19278435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278435" title="Taifa of Arjona">
Taifa of Arjona

The Taifa of Arjona was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from 1232 to 1244 when it fell to the Christian Kingdom of Castile.

</doc>
<doc id="19278451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278451" title="Bolus (radiation therapy)">
Bolus (radiation therapy)

In radiation therapy, bolus is a material which has properties equivalent to tissue when irradiated. It is widely used in practice, with its function falling into one of the following two categories:
Compensating for missing tissue or irregular tissue shape.
It must be possible to mould the bolus to fill the tissue space. Lincolnshire and Spier’s bolus, which is loosely packed in polythene bags, is suitable as the bolus bags take the shape of the skin surface these bags are easily smoothed to achieve a flat surface.
Modifying dose at the skin surface and at depth.
A specific thickness of bolus can be applied to the skin to alter the dose received at depth in the tissue and on the skin surface. A typical example of this is the application of a defined thickness of bolus to a chest wall for post-mastectomy chest wall treatment, to increase the skin dose. The thickness of bolus applied is dependent on the skin dose required and the angle of incidence of the treatment beams. For example is oblique 6 MV beams are used for tangential pair, 1 cm of bolus effectively becomes 1.5 cm, i.e., ‘full bolus.’
When a full bolus is applied, bolus thickness equal to the depth of the build-up region removes the skin-sparing effect of a megavoltage x-ray beam.
Pliable Bolus.
Suitable material must be pliable and easily moulded to the skin surface, but retain a constant thickness. One example includes paraffin gauze.
Rigid Bolus.
For smaller areas which do not require the bolus to be moulded over the skin, Perspex can be used. The use of Perspex bolus is advantageous for electron set-ups because it is transparent. Since the f.s.d, for most electron fields is 95 cm, so that the movements of the couch are not isocentric, inaccuracies may arise for aligning angled fields when opaque bolus is inserted.
Positioning bolus in the treatment beam.
To ensure that the required dose is received by the patient, bolus of the right thickness must be placed correctly. Therefore bolus requirements must be clearly documented in the set up sheets of the treatment card. When using bolus to compensate for missing tissue, the whole of the bolussed area must be level with the point on the patient where the f.s.d. is set, to ensure dose homogeneity. 
When the bolus is used to reduce the skin-sparing effect, the bolus does not necessarily need to touch the skin all over the bolussed area as the scatter is of sufficiently high energy to be unaffected by an air gap. However, it is important that the bolus is uniform thickness. Some bolus materials are easily squashed and must be carefully measured at regular intervals.

</doc>
<doc id="19278455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278455" title="No Place to Hide (film)">
No Place to Hide (film)

No Place to Hide, a.k.a. Rebel, is a 1970 film starring Sylvester Stallone. The film is about New York in the late 1960s; a politically motivated group of students plans bombings of company offices who do business with dictators in Central American countries. But when they contact a known terrorist and bombing specialist, the FBI gets on their track.

</doc>
<doc id="19278463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278463" title="Political opportunity">
Political opportunity

Political opportunity theory, sometimes also known as the political process theory or political opportunity structure, is an approach of social movements heavily influenced by political sociology. It argues that success or failure of social movements is primarily affected by political opportunities. Social theorists Peter Eisinger, Sidney Tarrow, David Meyer and Doug McAdam are considered among the most prominent supporters of this theory.
Theory.
Three vital components for movement formation are:
Political opportunity theory argues that the actions of the activists are dependent on the existence - or lack- of a specific political opportunity. There are various definitions of political opportunity, but Meyer (2004) stresses that of Tarrow (1989):
From these three components emerges what proponent Doug McAdam terms cognitive liberation, the ability for those active in political protest to recognize their collective strength and take advantage of political opportunities as they become available to them. As political opposition to the movement's demands weakens members may feel a collective sense of symbolic efficacy, the capacity to enact significant change within the political arena. This opens up significant opportunities for movements to both recruit members and mobilize under a concentrated and effective cycle of demands.
Over time these broad socioeconomic processes develop, maintain and cause decline within the movement. A movement, once developed, may be affected by the level of social control placed on it, which in turn affects its ability to mobilize and maintain members. For when the movement's demands are portrayed as underdeveloped or unattractive they risk losing or failing to receive support from outside institutions. 
Furthermore, movements may be affected by oligarchization, when a class of individuals within the movement work to ensure the maintenance of the movement itself rather than a continual push for collective goals, or co-optation, when outside support is garnered for the movement at the same time as it is forced to sacrifice its goals to meet the demands of these supporting institutions. This in turn may lead to the loss of indigenous support, and along with it many of the supporting grassroots organizations that were able to quickly mobilize members at the onset of the movement.
Meyer (2004) credits Eisinger (1973) with first use of the political opportunity theory framed in such a way (traces of which, of course, go further back). Eisinger asked why in 1960s the level of riots about race and poverty varied between different places in the United States and notes that lack of visible openings for participation of repressed or discouraged dissident made riots more likely. Thus the inability to legally air grievances was the political opportunity which led to organization and mobilization of movements expressing their grievances by rioting.
Meyer (2004) in his overview of political opportunity theory noted that this broader context can affect:
A key advantage of the theory is that it explains why social movements emerge and/or increase their activity at a given time. When there are no political opportunities, simply having grievances (organizational consciousness) and resources will not be enough. Only when all three of these components are present, the movement has a chance to succeed.
Political structure vs. political opportunity.
Within the structure and agency debate, actions of activists (agents) can only be understood when seen in the broader context of political opportunities (structure). The term structure has been used to characterize political opportunities in older scholarship. A political opportunity structure has been defined as the circumstances surrounding a political landscape. However, Tarrow - who has used this term in his earlier publications himself - now argues it is misleading, as most opportunities need to be perceived, and are situational, not structural. Political opportunity structures are prone to change and can alter in days (or last for decades). Demographics and socioeconomic factors create "structure" which affects political actors.
Political mediation model.
One side model based on the political opportunity theory is known as the political mediation model. The political mediation model focuses on how the political context affects the strategic choices of the political actors. This model goes beyond looking at whether the movements just succeeded or failed, and analyzes other consequences, including unintentional, as well as collective benefits. 
Opposite of political opportunity is a political constraint.
Criticism.
The political process model has been criticized both structurally and conceptually. Critics suggest that political process theorists utilize overly broad definitions as to what constitute political opportunities, and those definitions vary widely based on the historical context of the social movement itself. Furthermore, as political process theory frames movements as legally or politically detached from the state, it ignores movements that form out of cultural solidarity or do not directly stand in opposition to extant rules or regulations. Critics contend that theorists place too great an emphasis on the role of social networks while often almost entirely ignoring the cultural underpinnings that allow these networks to form and subsist.
In response to some criticisms, Doug McAdam, Sidney Tarrow and Charles Tilly proposed the Dynamics of Contention research program, which focuses on identifying mechanisms to explain political opportunities, rather than relying on an abstract structure.

</doc>
<doc id="19278466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278466" title="Tanya Seaman">
Tanya Seaman

Tanya Seaman is an American environmentalist and the co-founder and past executive director of PhillyCarShare. Seaman was born on () in Menlo Park, California to Lynn & Elisabeth Seaman.
Environmentalism.
On November 7, 2002, Seaman helped to launch "PhillyCarShare" a non-profit carsharing organization in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. PhillyCarShare has been one of the most successful, fastest-growing carsharing programs. It is seen as a national model in both the environmental and non-profit sectors. Seaman helped develop the innovative program with the City of Philadelphia to use PhillyCarShare cars as fleet cars for city workers.
Her leadership made her one of the Philadelphia Business Journal's "40 Under 40" to watch in the city of Philadelphia.
Background.
Seaman holds a degree in design from the University of California, Davis. After working in the field of architecture for several years, she left her home state of California to earn a Masters in City and Regional Planning at the University of Pennsylvania. Seaman attempts to live as sustainable a lifestyle as possible: she does not own a car and eats a vegan diet.

</doc>
<doc id="19278470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278470" title="Karl Engel">
Karl Engel

Karl Engel (Birsfelden, June 1, 1923 - Chernex, September 2, 2006) was a Swiss pianist.
In 1952 Engel was awarded the second prize at the Queen Elisabeth competition. Throughout his concert career he cultivated the art song repertory and worked extensively on works of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Ludwig van Beethoven and Robert Schumann. He also held a professorship at Hannover's "Musihochschule" for three decades.
Swiss pianist Karl (Rudolf) Engel, was a student of Paul Baumgartner at the Basel Conservatory from 1942 to 1945. After World War II he studied with Alfred Cortot at the École Normale de Musique in Paris in 1947-1948. In 1952 he won 2nd prize at the Queen Elisabeth of Belgium Competition in Brussels.
Karl Engel toured internationally as a soloist with orchestras, a recitalist and a chamber music performer. He became particularly known for his complete cycles of Mozart piano sonatas and concertos, and the Beethoven piano sonatas. His performances of complete piano works of Robert Schumann during the 1970s were highly estimated. He also distinguished himself as an accompanist, often appearing in Lieder recitals with Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, Hermann Prey, Peter Schreier and Brigitte Fassbaender. Among his chamber music partners were the cellist Pablo Casals and the violinist Yehudi Menuhin and the Melos Quartet.
From 1958 to 1986 Karl Engel was Professor of piano at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater in Hannover, Germany. He led famous master-classes in France, Canada and Portugal.Since 1989 he led master-classes in his homeland and abroad.
Son: Till Engel, pianist, Professor at Folkwang Hochschule in Essen, West-Germany
Karl Engel recorded the complete piano music of Mozart and of Robert Schumann and a lot of recordings with the singers Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, Herman Prey, Brigitte Fassbaender., Peter Schreier.

</doc>
<doc id="19278474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278474" title="Funmi Jimoh">
Funmi Jimoh

Oluwafunmilayo Kemi Jimoh, commonly known as Funmi Jimoh, (born May 29, 1984 in Seattle, Washington) is an American long jumper, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Jimoh competed for Rice University. At Rice, Jimoh competed in both the long jump and sprinting events, such as the 100 meter hurdles. She jumped 22 feet ¾ inch (6.72 meters) in July 2008 in Eugene, Oregon to place third at the U.S. Olympic Trials to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
At the Olympics, Jimoh jumped 6.61 meters in the qualifying round of the women's long jump. That distance tied for ninth in qualifying and earned Jimoh a place in the final. Jimoh placed twelfth in the final, with a jump of 6.29 meters.
During 2009 World Championships in Berlin she placed 21st in qualifying with a jump of 6.34 meters and failed to make the final.
Her personal best is 6.96 meters which she achieved in Doha on 8 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19278484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278484" title="The Good Life (1997 film)">
The Good Life (1997 film)

The Good Life is a 1997 film starring Frank Stallone. The film is about three men who move from New Jersey to Miami; two of them end up killing the third. The film was never released on any format due to legal action instigated by Sylvester Stallone. He claims that a promotional reel of the film used his scene excessively, therefore was promoting him as the star, instead of the cameo that he had agreed upon. He sued for $20 million; his average salary at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19278494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278494" title="Twin Cone">
Twin Cone

Twin Cone is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is thought to have last erupted in the Holocene period.

</doc>
<doc id="19278499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278499" title="Taifa of Constantina and Hornachuelos">
Taifa of Constantina and Hornachuelos

The Taifa of Constantina and Hornachuelos was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed, in what is now southern Spain, from around 1143 to 1150 when it was conquered by the Almohads.

</doc>
<doc id="19278512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278512" title="Hanriot HD.8">
Hanriot HD.8

The Hanriot HD.8 was a short-lived French fighter prototype of the 1910s.
Development.
A single-seat fighter, it was largely designed to test the experimental Le Rhône 9R engine. It first flew in early 1918, however was plagued by problems from the start, mainly due to its powerplant. As a result it was never submitted for official testing. The data below are based on Hanriot estimates.

</doc>
<doc id="19278527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278527" title="Glyn Stephens">
Glyn Stephens

Glyn Stephens (29 November 1891-22 April 1965) was a Welsh international rugby union prop who played club rugby for Neath. He won 10 caps for Wales and captained his country. He was the father of Welsh rugby international, Rees Stephens and would later become president of the Welsh Rugby Union
Rugby career.
Stephens earned his first Welsh cap against England on 20 January in 1912 in a game at Twickenham, Wales lost the game, but Stephens was back for the next three matches in the 1912 Five Nations Championship. Stephens played not only in the home nations matches but also faced South Africa in the 1912 tour. After the war he played his last international game when he captained the Welsh team against the New Zealand Army. After his retirement from the game he became involved in the management of rugby and in 1956 became president of the WRU.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19278534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278534" title="Disney Fine Art">
Disney Fine Art

Disney Fine Art is art portraying Disney Characters, painted by professional artists who are often animators, background artists, or production designers.
Disney Fine Art is solely published by Collectors Editions, a California based company that, in 2003, was granted the exclusive rights to publish the Salvador Dalí artwork from the Academy Award nominee for animated short-film, Destino, Dalí's only collaboration with Walt Disney.

</doc>
<doc id="19278543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278543" title="Peter Bartlett (bishop)">
Peter Bartlett (bishop)

The Rt Rev "Peter Bartlett" has been the Bishop of Paraguay since September 2008. Born in 1954 and ordained in 1997, he began his ecclesiastical career in Bolivia. From 2005 until his elevation to the Episcopate he was Team Vicar of Parr, St Helens.

</doc>
<doc id="19278544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278544" title="Always Brando">
Always Brando

Always Brando is a 2011 film directed by Tunisian director Ridha Behi. Originally titled "Brando and Brando", it was set to star Marlon Brando and Christian Erickson until Brando's death. The film premiered at 2011 Toronto International Film Festival then Abu Dhabi Film Festival where producers Ziad Hamzeh and Ridha Behi received the Black Pearl award for best producers.
Plot.
“A story of innocence lost, of love abandoned and of dreams shattered as a young Tunisian look alike to Marlon Brando on a quest to reach the impossible dream in making it big in Hollywood.”
Background.
The project was on hold due to the star's death but the script has been reworked to continue the project. Filming has begun in 2010 and the film will be due for release in 2011. Originally, the project was announced at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival as a project starring Marlon Brando and originally to be titled "Brando and Brando", with Brando portraying himself. Behi initially had difficulties approaching Brando and getting him to sign onto the project, with their initial meeting lasting over 5 hours. Brando eventually threw himself into the project, working with Behi on the script and making "significant changes" to "a story of broken spirits". Brando was quoted as saying of the script: "I’ve found it very deeply affecting." Up to a week before his death, Brando was working on the script in anticipation of a July/August 2004 start date, in Tunisia and Los Angeles. Production was suspended in July 2004 following Brando's death, at which time Behi stated that would continue the film as an homage to Brando.
Production.
Production resumed two years later under the new title of "Always Brando", The original script called for the protagonist to come face to face with Brando, but following Brando's death, and while still embodying this story, the film will now chronicle Behi's own problems in making the movie, and will include footage of Brando that Behi shot before Brando's death, becoming part fiction and part documentary.

</doc>
<doc id="19278548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278548" title="Atlas (computer)">
Atlas (computer)

The Atlas Computer was a joint development between the University of Manchester, Ferranti, and Plessey. The first Atlas, installed at Manchester University and officially commissioned in 1962, was one of the world's first supercomputers, considered to be the most powerful computer in the world at that time. It was said that whenever Atlas went offline half of the United Kingdom's computer capacity was lost. It was a second-generation machine, using discrete germanium transistors. Two other Atlas machines were built: one for British Petroleum and the University of London, and one for the Atlas Computer Laboratory at Chilton near Oxford.
A derivative system was built by Ferranti for Cambridge University. Called the Titan, or Atlas 2, it had a different memory organisation and ran a time-sharing operating system developed by Cambridge University Computer Laboratory. Two further Atlas 2s were delivered: one to the CAD Centre in Cambridge (later called CADCentre, then AVEVA), and the other to the Atomic Weapons Establishment, Aldermaston.
The University of Manchester's Atlas was decommissioned in 1971, but the last was in service until 1974. Parts of the Chilton Atlas are preserved by National Museums Scotland in Edinburgh. CADCentre's Atlas 2 was decommissioned in late 1976.
Background.
Development of MUSE—a name derived from microsecond engine—began at Manchester University in 1956. The aim was to build a computer that could operate at processing speeds approaching one microsecond per instruction, about one million instructions per second. "Mu" (or "µ") is a prefix in the SI and other systems of units denoting a factor of 10−6 (one millionth).
At the end of 1958 Ferranti agreed to collaborate with Manchester University on the project, and the computer was shortly afterwards renamed Atlas, with the joint venture under the control of Tom Kilburn. The first Atlas was officially commissioned on 7 December 1962, and was considered at that time to be equivalent to four IBM 7094s and nearly as fast as the IBM 7030 Stretch, then the world's fastest supercomputer.
Technical description.
Hardware.
The machine had many innovative features but the key operating parameters were as follows (the store size relates to the Manchester installation; the others were larger):
Atlas did not use a synchronous clocking mechanism—it was an asynchronous Processor—so performance measurements were not easy but as an example:
Extracode.
One feature of the Atlas was "Extracode", a technique that allowed complex instructions to be implemented in software.
The uppermost ten bits of a 48-bit Atlas machine instruction denoted which operation should be performed. If the most significant bit was set to zero, this was an ordinary machine instruction executed directly by the hardware. If the uppermost bit was set to one, this was an Extracode and was implemented as a special kind of subroutine jump to a location in the fixed store (ROM), its address being determined by the other nine bits. About 250 extracodes were implemented, of the 512 possible.
Extracode mode had its own program address counter, and easy access to the instruction operands.
Many of the extracodes were what would probably be called microcode today. They were simple arithmetic procedures which would have been too inefficient to implement in hardware, for example sine, logarithm, and square root. But about half of the codes were designated as Supervisor functions, which invoked operating system procedures. Typical examples would be “Print the specified character on the specified stream” or “Read a block of 512 words from logical tape N”. Extracodes were the only means by which a program could communicate with the Supervisor. Other UK machines of the era, such as the Ferranti Orion, had similar mechanisms for calling on the services of their operating systems.
Software.
Atlas pioneered many software concepts still in common use today, including the Atlas Supervisor, "considered by many to be the first recognisable modern operating system".
One of the first high level languages available on Atlas was named Atlas Autocode, which was contemporary to Algol60 and created specifically to address what Tony Brooker perceived to be some defects in that language. The Atlas did however support Algol 60, as well as Fortran and COBOL. Being a university machine it was patronised by a large number of the student population, who had access to a protected machine code development environment.
Notes and references.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="19278561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278561" title="Lesley Bannatyne">
Lesley Bannatyne

Lesley Pratt Bannatyne is an American author who writes extensively on Halloween, especially its history, literature, and contemporary celebration. She contributed the World Book Encyclopedia entry for Halloween and appears as a commentator on the annual October screening of “Haunted History of Halloween” on the History Channel. Bannatyne is also a freelance journalist who’s covered stories ranging from druids in Somerville, Massachusetts to relief workers in Bolivia. She graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Wheaton College in Massachusetts with a degree in English. 
Quoted as "A foremost authority on Halloween" by Charles F. Rosenay in his review of her latest book "Halloween Nation", Lesley has written five book on Halloween ranging from a children's book, "Witches Night Before Halloween", to her latest book "Halloween Nation" which shows the holiday through the eyes of its celebrants. The book was nominated for a 2011 Bram Stoker Award.
References.
[http://www.pelicanpub.com/biog.asp?artist=Lesley%20Bannatyne] Pelican Publishing Company Author Bio 
[http://www.bostonphoenix.com/boston/news_features/qa/documents/02500701.htm] The Halloweenist: interview of Lesley Bannatyne by Tamara Weider 
[http://labs.daylife.com/journalist/lesley_bannatyne][http://isbndb.com/d/person/Bannatyne_lesley_pratt.html] Lesley Bannatyne_journalism 
<reference>Bannatyne, Lesley. "International Charity with a Personal Touch". Christian Science Monitor, November 29, 2007, p. 1.</reference>.
[http://www.horror.org/stokerwinnom.htm] Bram Stoker Awards
[http://community.guinnessworldrecords.com/kickapps/service/displayKickPlace.kickAction?u=2188532&as=7691&b=] Guinness World Record 
[http://www.denverpost.com/search/ci_7088390] Denver Post interview with Lesley Bannatyne by David Harsanyi 
[http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/10/24/AR2007102400614.html] Washington Post (Terry Sapienza) Halloween interview of Lesley Bannatyne

</doc>
<doc id="19278567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278567" title="Amhrán na bhFiann">
Amhrán na bhFiann

The Presidential Salute, played when the President of Ireland arrives at an official engagement, consists of the first four bars of the national anthem immediately followed by the last five.
History.
Origins.
"A Soldiers' Song" was composed in 1907, with words by Peadar Kearney and music by Kearney and Patrick Heeney. The first draft, handwritten on copybook paper, sold at auction in Dublin in 2006 for €760,000. The text was first published in "Irish Freedom" by Bulmer Hobson in 1912. It was used as marching song by the Irish Volunteers and was sung by rebels in the General Post Office (GPO) during the Easter Rising of 1916. Its popularity increased among rebels held in Frongoch internment camp after the Rising, and the Irish Republican Army (IRA) in the Irish War of Independence (1919–21). After the establishment of the Irish Free State in 1922, a large proportion of the IRA's men and apparatus became the National Army. The "Soldiers' Song" remained popular as an Army tune, and was played at many military functions.
Official adoption.
The Free State did not initially adopt any official anthem. The delicate political state in the aftermath of the Civil War provoked a desire to avoid controversy. Ex-Unionists continued to regard "God Save the King" as the national anthem, as it had been for the rest of the British Empire. W. T. Cosgrave, President of the Executive Council of the Irish Free State, on 28 April 1924, expressed opposition to replacing the "Soldiers' Song", which was provisionally used within the State. Sean Lester, Publicist at the Department of External Affairs considered "The Soldiers' Song" to be "hardly suitable in words or music". and favoured the music, though not the words, of "Let Erin Remember". This was used as the anthem for the state at the 1924 Olympics in Paris, and other events abroad for the next two years. The "Dublin Evening Mail" held contests in 1924 and 1925 to find verses for a new anthem; the first produced no sufficiently good entry, and the second's winning entry was soon forgotten.
There was concern that the lack of an official anthem was giving Unionists an opportunity to persist with "God Save the King". The "Soldiers' Song" was widely if unofficially sung by nationalists, and on 12 July 1926, the Executive Council decided to adopt it as the National Anthem, with Cosgrave the driving force in the decision. This decision was not publicised. On 20 June 1926, Osmond Esmonde asked the President of the Executive Council what the National Anthem was, but the Ceann Comhairle Michael Hayes ruled 'If the Deputy desires to investigate any problem in regard to the National Anthem, he cannot ask a question of the President. The President cannot be asked to define what is the National Anthem. It is not part of his functions.' Esmonde instead asked Minister for Defence Peter Hughes what 'as far as the Army is concerned' was the National Anthem. While the draft response provided for Hughes stated that 'while no final decision has been come to', "The soldier's song" was 'at present accepted as the National Anthem", in the Dáil chamber he responded simply 'The "Soldiers' Song."'
In 1928, the Army band established the practice of playing only the chorus of the song as the Anthem, because the longer version was discouraging audiences from singing along. Also in 1928, Chief Justice Hugh Kennedy, returning from an official trip to North America, reported that an official arrangement of the music was "very badly needed" for circulation abroad. This was produced in July 1929 by Colonel Fritz Brasé, director of the Army band. This consisted only of the chorus, and was published under the title "The Soldier's Song", rather than "A Soldier's Song" or the "Soldiers' Song".
The anthem was played by Radio Éireann at closedown from its inception in 1926. Cinemas and theatres did so from 1932 until 1972. Peadar Kearney, who had received royalties from publishers of the text and music, issued legal proceedings for royalties from those now performing the anthem. He was joined by Michael Heeney, brother of Patrick Heeney, who had died in 1911. In 1934, the Department of Finance acquired the copyright of the song for the sum of £1,200. Copyright law changed in 1959, such that the government had to reacquire copyright in 1965, for £2,500. The copyright is due to expire at the end of 2012, the 70th anniversary of Kearney's death.
In the Dáil debate preceding the original acquisition of copyright, there was discussion of the song's merits or lack thereof. Frank MacDermot said, "Leaving out sentiment, I must confess, from both a literary and a musical point of view, I would regard the “Soldier's Song” as, shall we say, a jaunty little piece of vulgarity, and I think we could have done a lot better.". Thomas F. O'Higgins responded, "National Anthems come about, not because of the suitability of the particular words or notes, but because they are adopted generally by the nation. That is exactly how the “Soldiers' Song” became a National Anthem in this country. It happened to be the Anthem on the lips of the people when they came into their own and when the outsiders evacuated the country and left the insiders here to make the best or the worst of the country. It was adopted by the people here before ever it was adopted by the Executive Council".
The anthem is recommended, but not required, to be taught as part of the civics syllabus in national schools.
Governor-General.
The Governor-General of the Irish Free State was the King's representative and, as such, Unionists considered that the appropriate Vice Regal Salute was the Imperial Anthem "God Save the King" rather than the Free State Anthem. In 1929, Governor-General James McNeill refused to attend a public function in Trinity College when he learned that the university intended to play "God Save the King" rather than "The Soldiers' Song" during his visit. In 1932, Éamon de Valera became President of the Executive Council; as part of his campaign to abolish the office of Governor-General, he forbade the Army band to play "The Soldiers' Song" in McNeill's presence.
Irish version.
The Irish translation was written by Liam Ó Rinn (1888–1950), later the Chief Translator of the Oireachtas, who was involved in the Irish versions of both the 1922 Constitution and the 1937 Constitution. Although Sherry says the Irish version was first published in "An tÓglach" (the magazine of the Irish Defence Forces) on 3 November 1923, an almost identical text was printed in the "Freeman's Journal" on 3 April 1923, under Ó Rinn's pen name "Coinneach". It may have been written as early as 1917. Several earlier translations had been made, which Ó Rinn criticised as unreadable. These were in literary Classical Irish, whereas Ó Rinn favoured the living vernacular spoken in Gaeltacht areas. Other Irish translations were made, including one sung by Claisceadal in University College Galway in December 1931. From the 1930s, the Gaelic Athletic Association encouraged singing the anthem in Irish at its matches. The text of the Ó Rinn version was printed in the 1933 edition of "An Camán". The text was printed in the programs of matches at Croke Park, and the crowd was led via the public address system by singers from St Patrick's College of Education and Conradh na Gaeilge.
The English version has been almost totally eclipsed. The English version was sung in Canada during a state visit by President Mary McAleese in 1998, and at the 2004 Ryder Cup in the United States. The latter prompted objections from Fáilte Ireland, and what Gaeltacht Minister Éamon Ó Cuív called "an outcry" from viewers in Ireland.
The Irish version is a free translation of the English; in particular, "Sinne Fianna Fáil" is not a literal translation of "Soldiers are we". "Fianna Fáil", variously translated as "Soldiers of Destiny", "Warriors of Destiny" or "Soldiers of Ireland", is from the Irish "Fianna" ("band of warriors") of "Fál" ("destiny", "Ireland"). As an Irish name for the Irish Volunteers, it was an alternative to "Óglaigh na hÉireann". The initials "FF" appeared on the Volunteer badge, and subsequently on that of the Irish Army. On 2 April 1926, "Fianna Fáil" was chosen as the name of Éamon de Valera's new political party. Since the Irish version of the anthem became popular in the 1930s, there has been intermittent resentment of the party name's occurring in it. Publishers Browne & Nolan printed a version in 1938 substituting "Sinne laochra fáil" for "Sinne Fianna Fáil" ("laochra" = "heroes", "warriors"), which is occasionally heard instead. In the Dáil in 2011 and 2012, Maureen O'Sullivan asked the Minister for Finance Michael Noonan whether "Sinne Fianna Fáil" was "appropriate and correct" or had "party political connotations"; Noonan stated it was appropriate and had no such connotations, given that the translation predated the party's founding.
It is unclear whether the official anthem is the music alone, or the text also. Both the English and Irish texts appear in "Facts about Ireland", published by the Department of Foreign Affairs, and on the official website of the Department of the Taoiseach.
However, no Irish version has been officially adopted, the state does not hold the copyright to any Irish version, and Ó Rinn, unlike Kearney and Heeney's estate, never received royalties. A memorandum in the Department of the Taoiseach on 5 April 1958 discussed five distinct Irish translations, noting that Ó Rinn's was the best known; it suggested that, if it were to be officially endorsed, the spelling and grammar should be standardised and the words "Fianna Fáil" changed to "laochra Fáil" to avoid party-political associations. Maureen O'Sullivan likewise favoured changing to "laochra Fáil".
Criticisms.
Amhrán na bhFiann has occasionally been criticised in national newspapers for its militant tone, excessively violent lyrics and its implied anti-British sentiment. Several commentators have called for it to be removed altogether as a result. Also, some have argued that the melody is difficult to play, whereas others have pointed out that the whole song has been performed, instead of the chorus (which is the official anthem), or has been played at the wrong speed, both of which have happened at recent Olympic Games.
Political implications.
At international games played by the all-Ireland rugby union team, the specially commissioned song "Ireland's Call" is used; "Amhrán na bhFiann" is used only within the Republic of Ireland and not abroad or at games in Northern Ireland. "Ireland's Call" has also been adopted by all-island teams in some other sports. There is some debate about whether the words of the anthem are inappropriate. Questions in the Dáil have been asked by John Browne in 2000; Derek McDowell in 1995; Trevor Sargent in 1993; Frank MacDermot in 1932. In 1995, during the Northern Ireland peace process, the Forum for Peace and Reconciliation drafted an unpublished report on "obstacles to reconciliation in the Republic"; 1998 newspaper articles summarising the draft claimed it suggested "the government could commission alternative anthems for sporting and other non-official occasions" which were not "excessively militaristic". In a debate during the 2011 presidential election, two of the seven candidates were open to changing the anthem.
Arrangement.
"Amhrán na bhFiann" is usually sung or played in march time. Different tempos may be used, however, and the verse and chorus are occasionally played. Radio Telefís Éireann (RTÉ), the Irish national broadcasting company, played an orchestral version in a slow tempo at the close of transmission from 1962 onwards. At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, when Michelle Smith won three gold medals in swimming, the verse and chorus were played in a lively tempo.
Lyrics.
The lyrics are those of an Irish rebel song, exhorting all Irish people to participate in the struggle to end the hegemony ("despot" over "slave") of the English ("Saxon foe") in Ireland ("Inisfail"). There are allusions to earlier Irish rebellions, and to support from Irish Americans ("from a land beyond the wave").
Chorus.
The chorus is the established National Anthem. Slight variations exist in published versions; the following texts are from the Department of Foreign Affairs' sheet music.
Verses.
The anthem consists only of the chorus of the song. The original has three verses, set to a slightly different tune. The lyrics of the verses are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19278594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278594" title="Walking-stalk skin flap">
Walking-stalk skin flap

A walking-stalk skin flap or waltzing tube pedicle is a reconstructive technique in which the skin and soft tissue to be used for the flap is formed into a tubular pedicle and moved from the source to the target site by anchoring at both ends, periodically severing one end anchoring it closer to the flap target site. As antibiotics had not yet been invented when this procedure was developed, wrapping the flap in a tube was important because infection was reduced. The technique was invented by Harold Gillies and developed by Archibald McIndoe for the treatment of battle injuries. Archibald Mcindoe was widely recognised for many of these techniques.
The technique is now largely redundant due to advances in vascular surgery and microsurgery.

</doc>
<doc id="19278603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278603" title="Ale">
Ale

Ale is a type of beer brewed from malted barley using a warm fermentation with a strain of brewers' yeast. The yeast will ferment the beer quickly, giving it a sweet, full bodied and fruity taste. Most ales contain hops, which help preserve the beer and impart a bitter herbal flavour that balances the sweetness of the malt.
History of ale.
Historically the terms "beer" and "ale" respectively referred to drinks brewed with and without hops.
"Ale" has often now come to mean a bitter-tasting barley beverage fermented at room temperature. In some British usage, however, in homage to the original distinction, the term is only used in compounds (such as "pale ale" (see below)) or as "real ale", a term adopted to differentiate these products from the pressurised beers developed by industrial brewers in the 1960s, and used of warm-fermented unpasteurised ales served from a cask (though not stout or porter). 
Ale typically has bittering agent(s) to balance the sweetness of the malt and to act as a preservative. Ale was originally bittered with gruit, a mixture of herbs (sometimes spices) which was boiled in the wort prior to fermentation. Later, hops replaced the gruit blend in common usage as the sole bittering agent.
Ale, along with bread, was an important source of nutrition in the medieval world, particularly small beer, also known as table beer or mild beer, which was highly nutritious, contained just enough alcohol to act as a preservative, and provided hydration without intoxicating effects. Small beer would have been consumed daily by almost everyone, including children, in the medieval world, with higher-alcohol ales served for recreational purposes. The lower cost for proprietors combined with the lower taxes levied on small beer led to the selling of beer labeled "strong beer" that had actually been diluted with small beer. In medieval times, ale was safer to drink than most water, as the germ theory of disease was unheard of, and the sterilizing properties of boiling unknown. The alcohol, hops, and some ingredients in gruit used to preserve some ales may have contributed to their lower load of pathogens, when compared to water. However, ale was largely safer due to the hours of boiling required in production, not the alcoholic content of the finished beverage.
Brewing ale in the Middle Ages was a local industry primarily pursued by women. “Brewsters,” or "Alewives" as they were called, would brew in the homestead for both domestic consumption and small scale commercial sale. Brewsters provided a substantial supplemental income for families; however, only in select few cases, as was the case for widows, was brewing considered the primary income of the household.
The word 'ale' is native English, in Old English "alu" or "ealu", but "aloth", "ealoth" in the genitive and dative. It is believed to stem from Proto-Indo-European root *alu-, through Proto-Germanic *aluth-. This is a cognate of Old Saxon "alo", Danish, Norwegian, Swedish, Icelandic and Old Norse "öl/øl", Finnish "olut", Estonian "õlu", Old Bulgarian "olu" cider, Slovenian "ol", Old Prussian "alu", Lithuanian "alus", Latvian "alus".
Modern ale.
Ale is typically fermented at temperatures between 15 and 24 °C (60 and 75°F). At temperatures above the yeast can produce significant amounts of esters and other secondary flavour and aroma products, and the result is often a beer with slightly "fruity" compounds resembling but not limited to apple, pear, pineapple, banana, plum, cherry, or prune.
Varieties of ale.
Brown ale.
Brown ales tend to be lightly hopped, and fairly mildly flavoured, often with a nutty taste. In the south of England they are dark brown, around 3-3.5% alcohol and quite sweet; in the north they are red-brown, 4.5-5% and drier. English brown ales first appeared in the early 1900s, with Manns Brown Ale and Newcastle Brown Ale as the best-known examples. The style became popular with homebrewers in North America in the early 1980s; Pete's Wicked Ale is an example, similar to the English original but substantially hoppier.
Pale ale.
Pale ale was a term used for beers made from malt dried with coke . Coke had been first used for roasting malt in 1642, but it wasn't until around 1703 that the term pale ale was first used . By 1784 advertisements were appearing in the Calcutta Gazette for "light and excellent" pale ale . By 1830 onward the expressions bitter and pale ale were synonymous. . Breweries would tend to designate beers as pale ale, though customers would commonly refer to the same beers as bitter. It is thought that customers used the term bitter to differentiate these pale ales from other less noticeably hopped beers such as porter and mild. By the mid to late 20th century, while brewers were still labelling bottled beers as pale ale, they had begun identifying cask beers as bitter, except those from Burton on Trent, which tend to be referred to as pale ales regardless of the method of dispatch.
Golden ale.
Developed in hope of winning the younger people away from drinking lager in favour of cask ales. In a way quite similar to pale ale yet there are some notable differences- it is paler, brewed with lager or low temperature ale malts and they are served in colder temperatures. The strength of Golden ales varies from 3.5% to 5.3%.
Scotch ales.
While the full range of ales are produced in Scotland, the term "Scotch Ale" is used internationally to denote a malty, strong ale amber-to-dark red in colouration. The malt may be slightly caramelised to impart toffee notes; generally, Scottish beers tend to be rather sweeter, darker and less hoppy than English ones which might be due to a colder climate.Though the main brewing centres of Burton and Edinburgh in fact have very similar climates. The classic styles are Light, Heavy and Export also referred to as 60/-, 70/- and 80/- respectively dating back to 19th century method of invoicing beers according to their strength.
Barley wine.
Dates back to 18th and 19th century when England and France have been waging wars and the Englishmen were expected to drink ales instead of French claret. Barley wine was quite strong ranging from 10% to 12%, moreover it had to be stored for long periods of time- about 18 to 24 months. While drinking barley wine one should be prepared to taste ‘massive sweet malt and ripe fruit of the pear drop, orange and lemon type, with darker fruits, chocolate and coffee if darker malts are used. Hop rates are generous and produce bitterness and peppery, grassy and floral notes'.
Mild ale.
Mild ale originally meant unaged ale, the opposite of old ale. It can be any strength or colour, although most are dark brown and low in strength, typically between 3-3.5%. An example of a lighter coloured mild is Banks's Mild.
Burton Ale.
Burton Ale is a strong, dark, somewhat sweet ale sometimes used as a 'stock ale' for blending with younger beers. Bass No.1 was a classic example of Burton Ale, and in modern times Fullers 1845 Celebration Ale is often considered by some to be a rare modern example of a Burton Ale.
Old ale.
In England, old ale was strong beer traditionally kept for about a year, gaining sharp, acetic flavours as it did so. The term is now applied to medium-strong dark beers, some of which are treated to resemble the traditional old ales. In Australia, the term is used even less discriminately, and is a general name for any dark beer.
Belgian ales.
Belgium produces a wide variety of speciality ales that elude easy classification. Virtually all Belgian ales are high in alcoholic content but relatively light in body due to the substitution of part of the grist for sucrose, which provides an alcohol boost without adding unfermentable material to the finished product. This process is often said to make a beer more digestible.

</doc>
<doc id="19278606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278606" title="Margaret Evans Price">
Margaret Evans Price

Margaret Evans Price (March 20, 1888 – November 20, 1973) was a U.S. toy manufacturer. With her husband, Irving Price, and Herman Fisher, she co-founded Fisher-Price Toys in 1930. Margaret Evans was a children's book illustrator and artist. She became the first Art Director of Fisher-Price and designed push-pull toys for the opening line, based on characters from her children's books.
Family.
Margaret was a member of the wealthy Evans family of New York who for a time had an effective monopoly on the building material industry in the City. Margaret's Brother Heathcliff expanded his Father's business operations to include a book binding business which at its peak encompassed a complex of buildings on East 12th Street in Manhattan. Margaret's Cousin was Republican Politician & Chief Justice of the US Supreme Court Charles Evans Hughes.
Career.
Margaret Evans began her art career at an early age, and sold her first illustrated story to the "Boston Journal" in 1900. She attended high school in Charleston, Massachusetts, and went on to study at the Massachusetts Normal Art School. From there, she went on to study at the Boston Academy of Fine Arts under the tutelage of Joseph DeCamp and Vesper George. Before she married Irving Price, Evans worked as a freelance artist in New York City, publishing with Rand McNally, Harper & Brothers and Stecher Lithography NY After the formation of Fisher-Price, Margaret went on to exhibit her work in many galleries nationally. She was also published in "Nature Magazine", the "Women's Home Companion", and "Pictorial Review".

</doc>
<doc id="19278627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278627" title="Tooms Lake, Tasmania">
Tooms Lake, Tasmania

Tooms Lake is the name of both a lake and a village in the eastern midlands of Tasmania. The lake is artificial and shallow covering The lake can hold 25.362 gigaliters of water. The catchment area is 60.2 km². It is drained by the Tooms River, which flows into the Macquarie River The lake is reached by the gravel Tooms Lake Road 83 km from Hobart. Seaplanes land on the lake several times per year.
The lake is used for recreational fishing, for brown trout and rainbow trout.
Brown trout were introduced in 1904 and Rainbow trout were released around 1908. Trout are usually with the largest .
Kuth Energy is drilling a geothermal energy exploration borehole in the area called Tooms1.
Other creatures found in Tooms Lake are Galaxias maculatus or jollytail.
Amenities.
Amenities include a camping ground, boat ramp, public toilet and rubbish bin. There are no shops or public phone service.
The lake is 468 m above sea-level. level.
Water flowing from the Tooms Lake has an average electrical conductivity of 74 μS/cm.
History.
On 6 December 1828 a massacre of Tasmanian aborigines occurred where ten were killed by nine soldiers from the 40th regiment. John Danvers, the guide of the group, reported to the Oatlands police magistrate: "One of them getting up from a small fire to a large one, discovered us and gave the alarm to the rest, and the whole of them jumpt (sic) up immediately and attempted to take up their spears in defence, and seeing that, we immediately fired and repeated it because we saw they were on the defensive part, they were about twenty in Number and several of whom were killed, two only were, unfortunately taken alive.". A woman and a boy were captured and the rest of the group escaped.
The dam on the lake was built by 40 men.

</doc>
<doc id="19278633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278633" title="Electoral district of Floreat">
Electoral district of Floreat

Floreat was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia from 1968 to 1996.
The district was based in the inner northwestern suburbs of Perth and was created in the 1966 redistribution. First contested at the 1968 state election, it was won by Liberal candidate Andrew Mensaros, who served as a Minister in a number of portfolios under Sir Charles Court and Ray O'Connor from 1974 to 1983, and as Shadow Attorney-General amongst other responsibilities thereafter.
Mensaros resigned the seat on 16 May 1991 due to ill health, triggering a by-election won by independent candidate Liz Constable. Constable had originally intended to seek Liberal endorsement, but ran as an independent once it became clear that she would not win party preselection. Constable remained the member for Floreat until the seat's abolition ahead of the 1996 state election. She then successfully contested the new seat of Churchlands, which largely replaced Floreat.

</doc>
<doc id="19278637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278637" title="Fingerspitzengefühl">
Fingerspitzengefühl

Fingerspitzengefühl is a German term, literally meaning ""finger tips feeling"" and meaning intuitive flair or instinct, which English has appropriated as a loanword. 
In German, it describes great situational awareness and being able to most appropriately and tactfully respond. 
It can be well applied to diplomats, bearers of bad news, or a superior ability to respond to an escalated situation. 
In English language military terminology, it is used to describe such military commanders as Field-Marshal Erwin Rommel, who is said to have accurately maintained an ever-changing operational and tactical situation by maintaining a mental map of the battlefield; evoked is a mental image of a military commander who so intimately understands the battlefield that he seems to have a fingertip on each critical point, expressed in the 18th and 19th centuries as "having a feel for combat". In this sense the term is synonymous with the English expression of "keeping one's finger on the pulse". 
The term is only figurative and cannot realistically describe this ability. It cognitively relates to personal possession of multiple intelligences, notably those pertinent to visual and spatial data processing: the term indicates that in addition to any discursive processing of information that the commander may be conducting (i.e., mental thinking through things in inner discourse) something else is occurring--the simultaneous assignment of cognitive relationships between disparate pieces of information reaching the commander and immediate re-synthesis of his whole picture. 
A static map can allow a traveler to choose a course of action suitable for getting from one point to another. In times of war, the terrain and the troops and weapons deployed upon it can be changed much more rapidly than cartographers can change their maps. The mind of the superb commander must maintain such a map and accord it to new information. 
The concept resembles ideas about intuition and neural net programming. D.T. Suzuki seems to have radically differently conceptualized the same phenomenon in swordsmanship teaching stories in his "Zen and Japanese Culture"; it also seems to be given in analytical detail in "Zen Buddhism and Psychoanalysis" (Fromm, Suzuki and De Martino).

</doc>
<doc id="19278638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278638" title="Veli-Pekka Kokkonen">
Veli-Pekka Kokkonen

Veli-Pekka Kokkonen (born 19 July 1966) is a retired Finnish high jumper. He became Finnish champion in 1988. His personal best jump was 2.23 metres (7' 3"), achieved in June 1992 in Tuusula.

</doc>
<doc id="19278639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278639" title="Party for the Grown and Sexy">
Party for the Grown and Sexy

Party for the Grown and Sexy is the debut EP by You, Me, and Everyone We Know, a rock band from Washington, D.C. It was released independently in 2006 and re-released on Rushmore Records with extra tracks on January 28, 2008.
History.
You, Me, and Everyone We Know formed in 2006. Later that year, they released "Party for the Grown and Sexy" independently. This original release included only six tracks. After releasing their debut EP, the band was noticed by Drive-Thru Records' co-founders Richard Reines and Stefanie Reines, who offered to manage the band. After touring for over a year in support of the album, You, Me, and Everyone We Know band re-released "Party for the Grown and Sexy" on January 28, 2008, via Rushmore Records with two extra tracks, "Livin' th' Dream" and "Dirty Laundry," along with new artwork. The new version was made available online to download for free.
Critical reception.
"Party for the Grown and Sexy" received mostly positive reviews, with "The Daily Chorus" calling the work "a beacon that proves there are still bands that really enjoy the music they create" and gave the album an 8/10. "Die Shellsuit, Die!" gave the album a 9/10 and called the band "one of the funniest, most cheery, cheekily upbeat, smile inducing, rock-out-tastic fun poppy melodic pop-punk bands out there right now. Ever."
Track listing.
† Only on the 2008 re-release

</doc>
<doc id="19278647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278647" title="Allied Control Council">
Allied Control Council

The Allied Control Council or Allied Control Authority, known in the German language as the "Alliierter Kontrollrat" and also referred to as the Four Powers (German: Vier Mächte), was a military occupation governing body of the Allied Occupation Zones in Germany after the end of World War II in Europe. The members were the Soviet Union, the United States, and the United Kingdom; France was later added with a vote, but had no duties. The organization was based in Berlin-Schöneberg.
Creation.
Preparations for the postwar occupation of Germany began in the Allied camp during the second half of 1944, following the beginning of Allied penetration into Germany. Most of the planning was carried out by the European Advisory Commission (EAC) established in early 1944. Already on January 3, 1944, the Working Security Committee in the EAC concluded that
It further recommended the creation of a tripartite US, Soviet and British agency to conduct German affairs following the surrender of the Third Reich. The British representative at the EAC, Sir William Strang, was undecided on whether a partial occupation of Germany by Allied troops was the most desirable course of action. At the first EAC meeting on January 14, 1944, Strang proposed alternatives that favored the total occupation of Germany, similar to the situation following the First World War when Allied rule was established over the Rhineland. Strang believed that a full occupation would limit the reliance on former Nazis to maintain order within Germany. He also believed that it would make the lessons of defeat more visible to the German population and would enable the Allied governments to carry out punitive policies in Germany, such as transferring territories to Poland. The main arguments against total occupation were that it would create an untold burden on Allied economies and prolong the suffering of the German population, possibly driving new revanchist ideologies. However, his final conclusion was that a total occupation would be most beneficial, at least during the initial phase.
In August 1944, the US government established the United States Group to the Control Council for Germany, which served as a liaison group within the EAC for planning the future occupation of Germany. The chairman of this group was Brig. Gen. Cornelius Wendell Wickersham.
As the German collapse approached, Sir William Strang became convinced that Germany was about to undergo a total collapse, in which case a total occupation and control would be inevitable. He even proposed a draft declaration to be issued by the Allied governments in case no political authority would remain in Germany due to chaotic conditions. For a brief period, this prospect was feared by some Allied representatives.
After the death of Adolf Hitler on April 30, 1945, Karl Dönitz became president of Germany in accordance with Hitler's last political testament. He authorised the signing, at Rheims, of the unconditional surrender of all German forces, which took effect on 8 May 1945, and tried to establish a government under von Krosigk. This government was not recognised by the Allies, and Dönitz and the other members were arrested on 23 May by British forces.
The German Instrument of Surrender used by Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force at Rheims, was modeled on the one used a few days previously to allow the German forces in Italy to surrender. They did not use the one which had been drafted for the surrender of Germany by the "European Advisory Commission" (EAC). This created a legal problem for the Allies, because although the German armed forces had surrendered unconditionally, the "civilian" German government had not been included in the surrender. This was considered a very important issue, inasmuch as Hitler had used the surrender of the civilian government, but "not" of the military, in 1918, to create the "stab in the back" argument. The Allies understandably did not want to give any future hostile German regime any kind of legal argument to resurrect an old quarrel. Eventually they decided not to recognise Dönitz, but to sign a four-power document instead, creating the Allied Control Council. On 5 June 1945, in Berlin, the supreme commanders of the four occupying powers signed a common Declaration Regarding the Defeat of Germany (the so-called Berlin Declaration of 1945), which formally abolished any German governance over the nation:
This imposition was in line with Article 4 of the Instrument of Surrender that had been included so that the EAC document, or something similar, could be imposed on the Germans after the military surrender. Article 4 stated that "This act of military surrender is without prejudice to, and will be superseded by any general instrument of surrender imposed by, or on behalf of the United Nations and applicable to GERMANY and the German armed forces as a whole." In reality, of course, all German central civilian authority had ceased to exist with the death of Hitler and the fall of Berlin at the latest. These parts of the Berlin declaration, therefore, merely formalised the "de facto" status and placed the Allied military rule over Germany on a solid legal basis.
An additional agreement was signed on September 20, 1945 and further elaborated the powers of the Control Council. 
The actual exercise of power was carried out according to the model first laid out in the "Agreement on Control Machinery in Germany" that had been signed by the United States, the United Kingdom, and the Soviet Union on 14 November 1944 in London based on the work of the European Advisory Commission. Germany was divided into three zones of occupation—American, British, and Soviet—each being ruled by the Commander-in-Chief of the respective occupation forces. (Later a French zone was added.) "Matters that affect Germany as a whole," however, would have to be decided jointly by all three Commanders-in-Chief, who for this purpose would form a single organ of control. This authority was called the Control Council.
The purpose of the Allied Control Council in Germany, like the other Allied Control Commissions and Councils which were established by the Allies over every defeated Axis power, was to deal with the central administration of the country (an idea that hardly materialised in the case of Germany, as that administration totally broke down with the end of the war) and to assure that the military administration was carried out with a certain uniformity throughout all of Germany. The Potsdam Agreement of 2 August 1945 further specified the tasks of the Control Council.
Operation.
On 30 August 1945 the Control Council constituted itself and issued its first proclamation, which informed the German people of the Council's existence and asserted that the commands and directives issued by the Commanders-in-Chief in their respective zones were not affected by the establishment of the Council. The initial members of the Control Council were as follows: Marshal Georgy Zhukov for the Soviet Union, General of the Army Dwight Eisenhower for the United States, Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery for the United Kingdom, and General Jean de Lattre de Tassigny for France.
In the following time, the Control Council issued a substantial number of laws, directives, orders, and proclamations. They dealt with the abolition of Nazi laws and organisations, demilitarisation, denazification, but also with such comparatively pedestrian matters as telephone tariffs and the combat of venereal diseases. On many issues the council was unable to impose its resolutions, as real power lay in the hands of the separate Allied governments and their military governors, and the council issued recommendations that did not have the force of law. On September 20, 1945, the council issued Directive no. 10, which divided the various official acts of the Control Council into five categories (texts in quotation marks are direct quotations from the said above directive):
Directive no. 11 of the same day made the work of the council more orderly by establishing English, French, Russian and German as the official languages of the council, and by establishing an official gazette to publish the council's official acts.
Law no. 1 of the Control Council (also enacted on September 20, 1945) repealed some of the most strictly Nazi laws enacted under the Third Reich. This established the legal basis for the council's work.
Directive no. 51 (April 29, 1947), repealing Directive no. 10, simplified the council's legislative work by reducing the categories of legislative acts to Proclamations, Laws and Orders.
War criminals.
Directive no. 9 (August 30, 1945) charged the legal division of the council with the responsibility to formulate policies to carry out the provisions of the London Agreement on the prosecution of German war criminals, signed in London on August 8 of the same year. Shortly after the commencement of the Nuremberg Trial, the council enacted Law no. 10 (December 20, 1945), which authorized every occupying power to have its own legal system to try war criminals and to conduct such trials independently of the International Military Tribunal then sitting at Nuremberg. Law no. 10 resulted from disagreements arising among the Allied governments regarding formulating common policy regarding war criminals and marked the beginning of the decline in inter-Allied cooperation to that effect. Following the conclusion of the Nuremberg Trial of Major War Criminals in October 1946, inter-Allied cooperation on war crimes totally collapsed. On October 12, 1946, the council issued Directive no. 38, which, while trying to impose some common rules, allowed the four occupation governments discretion as to treatment of persons suspected of war crimes arrested by them, including the right to grant amnesty.
Dissolution of the German army and government agencies.
Order no. 1 of August 30, 1945 prohibited the wearing of uniform of the German Army, which now ceased to exist.
An order dated September 10, ordered the recall of all German government agents and/or diplomatic representatives from the countries to which they were assigned. Another order of the same day established procedure for disseminating information to the press on the council's work, ordering that a press release be issued following every meeting of the council.
Directive no. 18 (November 12, 1945) provided for the dissolution of all German Army units, all within a time limit to be decided upon. This directive reflects the policy taken by the western Allied governments of using German military units for their own logistical purposes, a move objected by the Soviet government. The complete dissolution of all German military units and military training was provided for in Law no. 8 (November 30, 1945), which became effective on December 1, 1945.
Restoration of order into German hands.
Law no. 4 (October 30, 1945) reestablished the German court system according to German legislation enacted prior to Hitler's rise to power.
Directive no. 16 (November 6, 1945) provided for the equipment of the German police forces with light weapons to combat crime, while the carrying of automatic rifles was prohibited except with special Allied permission.
Law no. 21 (March 30, 1946) provided for the establishment of labor courts to resolve labor disputes within the German population. These courts were to be run by German judges.
Gradually, the Allied governments relaxed their control over German political life, and on June 3, 1946, the Political Directorate of the Control Council recommended to hold municipal elections in the city of Berlin in October of the same year. On August 3, 1946, the council approved a new provisional constitution for Greater Berlin metropolitan area. Another reform relating to Berlin took place on August 22, 1946, as the council approved a reform plan for the police of Greater Berlin, which assigned four assistants to the Berlin Chief of Police, each to overlook police work in each of the four occupation sectors in that metropolitan area.
Denazification and eradication of militarism.
Law no. 2 (October 10, 1945) provided for the total dissolution of the National Socialist Party, and its revival was totally prohibited. As part of the denazification policy, Directive no. 23 (December 17, 1945) prohibited any athletic activities that was being done as part of military or para-military training, prohibition to be effective as of January 1, 1946.
Directive no. 24 (January 12, 1946) established a set of comprehensive criteria for the removal from public office those "who have been more than nominal participants in its (Nazi Party) activities" and provided for their removal from any civil service or work in civil organization, labor unions, industry, education or the press and any work other than simple labor. The category of persons to which the directive applied were those who held significant positions in the Nazi Party or those who joined prior to 1937, the time when membership became compulsory for German citizens.
In order to eradicate the influence of Nazi literature on the German population, Order no. 4 (May 13, 1946) prohibited the publication and dissemination of Nazi or militarist literature and demanded to hand over any existing such literature to the Allied authorities.
Law no. 31 (July 1, 1946) prohibited the German police authorities to conduct any surveillance of political activities by German citizens in the various occupation zones.
Some reforms were symbolic in nature. Law no. 46 (February 25, 1947) abolished for good the State of Prussia as an administrative unit within Germany, citing past militarism associated with that name as the cause for the change. Part of the former territory of Prussia was no longer even populated by Germans, as it became part of Poland after most Germans had been forcibly relocated westward, while the rest of the territory of Prussia was divided among other German Länder.
Law no. 57 (August 30, 1947) dissolved all German insurance companies that were connected with the German Labor Front, established on May 1, 1933.
Expulsion of German speaking minorities residing outside Germany.
One major issue dealt with by the Control Council was the decision made at the Potsdam Conference regarding the forced removal of German minorities from Czechoslovakia, Hungary and Poland to the four occupation zones of Germany. On November 20, 1945, the council approved a plan to that effect, to be completed by July 1946.
Other issues.
On September 10, 1945 the council issued an appeal to the separate Allied military governors, requesting them to relax trade regulations between the four occupation zones, but this was only a recommendation, as each Allied government maintained the real power on such matters.
On September 17, the council issued recommendations to the four occupying powers to establish tracing bureaus to assist displaced persons.
On September 20, the council issued an order prohibiting fraternization between Allied military personnel and the German population, effective from October 1, except in cases of marriage or when a military governor decided to billet his soldiers with a German family.
Law no. 5 (October 30, 1945) created the German External Property Commission, which was authorized to confiscate any German assets outside of Germany until the Control Council decided how to dispose of it in the interests of peace. The composition of that commission was decided in Directive no. 21 (November 20, 1945).
Law no. 7 (November 30, 1945) regulated the distribution of electricity and gas in the various occupation zones.
Law no. 9 (the same day) provided for the confiscation of all assets owned by the IG Farben conglomerate.
Law no. 32 (July 10, 1946) permitted the German local authorities to employ women in manual labor, this due to the shortage in manpower. Supplement to Directive no. 14 (September 13, 1946) equalized the wages of female and minor workers with male workers.
Law no. 49 (March 20, 1947) abrogated the German law of 1933 which governed relations between the German government and the German Evangelical Church, while keeping the independence of that church in internal matters. Law no. 62 (February 20, 1948) repealed all Nazi laws regulating the activities of churches in Germany.
Deterioration in inter-Allied cooperation within the council.
Relations between the Western Allies (especially the United States and the United Kingdom) and the Soviet Union quickly deteriorated, and so did their cooperation in the administration of occupied Germany. Within each zone each power ran its own administration, such as the Gouvernement Militaire de la Zone Française d'Occupation en Allemagne (GMZFO) in Karlsruhe, the Советская военная администрация в Германии (СВАГ); Sovetskaia Voennaia Administratsia v Germanii (SVAG) in East Berlin, the Control Commission for Germany - British Element (CCG/BE) in Bad Oeynhausen, and the Office of Military Government, United States (OMGUS) in West Berlin and Frankfurt upon Main. Already in September 1946, disagreement arose regarding the distribution of coal for industry in the four occupation zones, and the Soviet representative in the council withdrew his support of the plan agreed upon by the governments of the United States, Britain and France. Against Soviet protests, the two English-speaking powers pushed for a heightened economic collaboration between the different zones, and on 1 January 1947 the British and American zones merged to form the Bizone. Over the course of 1947 and early 1948, they began to prepare the currency reform that would introduce the Deutsche Mark, and ultimately the creation of an independent West German state. When the Soviets learnt about this, they claimed that such plans were in violation of the Potsdam Agreement, that obviously the Western powers were not interested in further regular four-power control of Germany, and that under such circumstances the Control Council had no purpose anymore. On 20 March 1948, Marshal Vasily Sokolovsky, the Soviet representative, walked out of the meeting of the Council, never to return.
After the breakdown.
As the Control Council could only act with the agreement of all four members, this move basically shut down the institution, while the Cold War reached an early high point during the Soviet blockade of Berlin. The Allied Control Council was not formally dissolved, but ceased all activity except the operations of the Four-Power Authorities, namely the management of the Spandau Prison where persons convicted at the Nuremberg Trials were held until 1987, and the Berlin Air Safety Center.
The Western powers instituted the Allied High Commission by September 1949 which remained in operation until 1955. In Eastern Germany, the Soviet administration with its representative of the ACC was the highest authority, later this position was converted to a High Commissioner as well, until the German Democratic Republic gained sovereignty. 
Germany remained under nominal military occupation until 15 March 1991, when the final ratification of the Treaty on the Final Settlement With Respect to Germany (signed on 12 September 1990) was lodged with the German Government. This, as the final peace treaty signed by the four powers and the two German governments, formally restored full sovereignty to a reunified Germany. It also meant the official end of the Allied Control Council, insofar as it still existed at all.
The Kammergericht building.
The building itself had suffered some battle damage, losing a central tower, but had remained mostly usable. After the cessation of most council activity in 1948, all occupying powers quickly withdrew from the building to their respective sectors of the city, leaving the facility cold, empty and dark.
Only one four-power organisation, the Berlin Air Safety Center (BASC), remained in the building from 1945 until December 31, 1990. As a symbol of the BASC's continued presence, the four national flags of the occupying powers still flew over the large front doors every day. The only other signs of occupancy were the few, sparse office lights that emanated from a small corner room of the building—the BASC Operations Room—in the evenings. Of the 550 rooms in the building, the BASC office complex and guards' quarters occupied fewer than forty. 
Because of the BASC's presence, the building remained closely guarded by United States military guards, with access granted only to select members of the four powers. This led to mysterious legends and ghost stories about the eerie, dark facility with its grand, granite statuary overlooking the beautiful park. 
After the fall of the Berlin Wall, and the departure of Russian troops in August in 1994 (a withdrawal that took place in accordance with article 4 of the Two Plus Four Treaty), the building was returned to the German government. In 1997, its erstwhile occupant, the Kammergericht, moved in. It now functions as the supreme court of the state of Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="19278671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278671" title="Love Story (Taylor Swift song)">
Love Story (Taylor Swift song)

"Love Story" is a country pop song performed by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was written by Swift and produced by Nathan Chapman, alongside Swift. It was released on September 12, 2008 by Big Machine Records, as the lead single from Swift's second studio album "Fearless". The song was written about a love interest of Swift's who was not popular among Swift's family and friends. Because of the scenario, Swift related to the plot of William Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet" (1597) and used it as a source of inspiration to compose the song. However, she replaced "Romeo and Juliet"s original tragic conclusion with a happy ending. It is a midtempo song with a dreamy tenor, while the melody continually builds. The lyrics are from the perspective of Juliet.
The song was a critical success with critics complimenting Swift's writing style and the song's plot. It was also a commercial success, selling over 8 million copies worldwide, therefore establishing itself among the best-selling singles of all time. In the United States, the song peaked at number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and sold over 5,673,000 paid digital downloads, becoming Swift's best-selling single to date and the best-selling download by a female country solo artist. It is also one of the best-selling singles in the United States and was once the best-selling digital country single of all time there. The single was certified quintuple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Internationally, "Love Story" became Swift's first number one single in Australia, followed by "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" in 2012. The song has been certified triple platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
The song's accompanying music video was directed by Trey Fanjoy, who directed the majority of Swift's prior videos. The video is a period piece that drew influences from the Medieval, Renaissance, and British Regency (1813) eras. It follows Swift and model Justin Gaston as they meet in a university campus and imagine themselves in a prior era. "Love Story" was promoted through numerous live performances. The song was included on Swift's first, second, and third headlining tours, the Fearless Tour (2009–10), the Speak Now World Tour (2011–12), and the Red Tour (2013-14) respectively. "Love Story" has been covered by several artists, including Joe McElderry and Forever the Sickest Kids.
Writing and inspiration.
"Love Story" came along late into the production of "Fearless". Swift wrote "Love Story" about a male who was never officially her boyfriend. When she introduced him to her family and friends, they did not become fond of him. "His situation was a little complicated, but I didn't care", said Swift. Swift also felt like it was the first time she could relate to the plot of William Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet" (1597), one of her favorite narratives, which she described as, "The only people who wanted them to be together were them." She conceived the idea for the song when she reflected about the scenario: "I thought, 'This is difficult but it's real, it matters—it's not simple or easy but it's real'." She then centered the song on the line, which was ultimately placed in the "Love Story"'s second refrain. All events, with the exclusion of the end, narrated in the song regarded Swift's actual story. The song's conclusion differed from that of "Romeo and Juliet". "I feel like they had such promise and they were so crazy for each other. And if that had just gone a little bit differently, it could have been the best love story ever told. And it is one of the best love stories ever told, but it's a tragedy." Instead, she chose to write a happy ending. She took her favorite characters and conceptualized the ending she believed they deserved. She perceived it to be the ideal ending that females hoped for, including herself. "You want a guy who doesn’t care what anyone thinks, what anyone says." Although it was fictional, Swift said it was an enjoyable experience to write about. Swift wrote the track on her bedroom floor in approximately twenty minutes, feeling too inspired to put the song down unfinished.
Swift and her love interest continued their relationship, but then went their separate ways because it was hard for them to see each other. To Swift, the song resembles much optimism regarding love and how encountering the right person could surpass skepticism. She deemed "Love Story" one of her most romantic songs, although she was never in an official relationship with the subject of the song. In retrospect, Swift said about the song, "It’s about a love that you've got to hide because for whatever reason it wouldn't go over well. I spun it in the direction of "Romeo and Juliet". Our parents are fighting. I relate to it more as a love that you cannot really elaborate on — a love that maybe society wouldn't accept maybe your friends wouldn't accept."
Recording.
"Love Story" was recorded in March 2008 at Blackbird Studios in Nashville, Tennessee, alongside record producer Nathan Chapman and various personnel. Chapman produced all but one song on Swift's 2006 eponymous debut album, "Taylor Swift", and co-produced all songs on "Fearless". Swift sang into an Avantone CV-12 multi-pattern tube microphone, manufactured by Avant Electronics. The microphone had a new old stock tube that was designed and built by country singer, record producer, and audio engineer Ray Kennedy for Chapman. Chapman had received the microphone from Kennedy as a loan, as a "try this for a while" experiment. Although he previously had tested numerous microphones on Swift, he had not been able to find one to match her voice perfectly. When Swift came to Chapman's home to record a radio edit for one of singles from "Taylor Swift", she immediately grew fond of the microphone. "When she put on the headphones and said, 'Test,' completely unprompted, she said, 'This is my mic. I love this mic. I just wanna use this one from now on!' She had no idea what it was, just loved it, and I went along with something that felt right for her. We've been using it ever since, and it sounds great on her voice," Chapman said.
"Love Story" was recorded with Pro Tools and tracking vocals, which Swift sang live with the band. The band consisted of acoustic guitars, bass guitars, and drums. All other instruments were overdubbed by Chapman. He said, "I think there are nine acoustic guitars on that track, and I stacked several background vocals — me singing, 'Ah's'." Audio engineering was executed by Chad Carlson in Blackbird Studios' Studio D, with the usage of the API Legacy Plus equipments: Avantone CV-12, Neve 1073, and Tube-Tech CL-1B. Audio mixing done by Justin Niebank and was set in Studio F, with the usage of the console Solid State Logic 9080 K series and Genelec 1032 console. In between, overdubs were executed in Studio E by Chapman. "Love Story", along with the rest of the album, was mastered by Hank Williams at MasterMix Studios in Nashville, Tennessee. The song was mixed for mainstream airplay by Chapman. He pulled Niebank's stems into his Mac OS laptop and used Apple Logic to create the pop version. Chapman made mix tweaks and created new elements with his laptop. In order to do so, he muted the country instruments and replaced them with new elements characteristic to pop music, replacing banjo and fiddle with electric guitar. The pop version's opening beat is a Logic loop in the Ultrabeat beat generator. All the new electric guitars were done with the Amplitube Stomp I/O.
Composition.
"Love Story" is a country pop song with a length of three minutes and 54 seconds. It is set in common time and has a moderate tempo of 120 beats per minute. It is written in the key of D major and Swift's vocals span one octave, from A3 to B4. Swift croons "Love Story" softly and sweetly, with a slight twang that defines the song to be country music. It follows the chord progression D 
(add)9–Asus5–Bm–G69. The song is of a swirling and dreamy tenor, and is based upon a pop hook. The melody is simple, containing a rushy pace which continually grows and concludes with a key change to E major.
The lyrics of "Love Story" are written in first person, in which Swift refers to herself as the "Romeo and Juliet" character Juliet Capulet and her love interest as Romeo Montague. Fraser McAlpine of the BBC described the song as a narrative, in which Swift is the narrator. The song's plot revolves a youthful romance foiled by parental disapproval. In the end, love prevails and the coupled find their happily ever after. The first verse introduces the characters at a ball, where they meet. In the second verse, the story transitions to the couple sneaking about after dark and references Nathaniel Hawthorne's "The Scarlet Letter" (1850). The song's refrains have Swift waiting for her love interest to appear: "Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone/ I'll be waiting/ All there's left to do is run." The song's final refrain has Swift narrating from Romeo's perspective and proposing marriage to Swift.
Critical reception.
The song has been well received by music critics. Kate Kiefer of "Paste" magazine recognized the song to be Swift's best and added that once the lyrics are learned, it is impossible to not sing along. Sean Dooley of About.com credited the song for transitioning Swift from a "fresh-faced star to crossover superstar". Dooley attributed the song's commercial success due to her departure from her past lyrical themes, which summarized "I wish this boy knew how I really felt about him”. While reviewing "Fearless", Dooley selected "Love Story" as one of the best tracks on the album. Jonathan Keefe of Slant Magazine admired how Swift attempted to incorporate sophisticated elements, like "Romeo and Juliet" and "The Scarlet Letter", although it was not successful because of its awkwardness, inexplicable nature, and pointless conceit. Keefe credited its success to its prominent hook. James Reed of "The Boston Globe" thought otherwise, stating Swift's charm was in her songwriting skills.
Fraser McAlpine of the BBC stated, "'Love Story' is a stunning pop song and, because it really does tell a love story, it's heart-warming and draws the listener into the exciting and romantic fairytale world." However, she felt Swift's vocal performance was not incredible, but was passionate to complement the song's sentiments. McAlpine resumed by stating that "Love Story", although obvious, a bit dramatic, and probably targeted towards younger audiences, was just lovely and that Swift proved herself a true princess of pop with the song. S. "Wild Card" Williams of "Momzone" magazine wrote, "Fantastic! Taylor Swift once again brings us back to more innocent times... Forget the pop star label: Swift has established herself as an artist--and a good one at that." Chris Neal of "Country Weekly" called "Love Story" an "ebullient first hit." Deborah Evans Price of "Billboard" magazine gave the single a favorable review and called it an "enchanting offering". Price noted that "Love Story" demonstrates one of Swift's appeals, her writing and singing of age-appropriate material that can be both relatable to her audience and others. As a result, she predicted the song would have much commercial success in the country music industry. Alex Macpherson of British newspaper "The Guardian" described the song to be fueled by a "joyous rush" that, according to him, was later replicated by Swift's own single "Mine" (2010).
Awards and nominations.
At the 35th People's Choice Awards, "Love Story" was nominated for the People's Choice Award for "Favorite Country", but lost to Carrie Underwood's "Last Name" (2008). The song was nominated for "Fave Song" at the Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards 2009, but lost to The Black Eyed Peas' "I Gotta Feeling" (2009) and received the same outcome at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards, when it lost the nomination for "Choice Music: Love Song" to David Archuleta's "Crush" (2008). In 2009, "Love Story" was declared the "Country Song of the Year" by Broadcast Music Incorporated (BMI).
Chart performance.
North America.
On the week-ending September 27, 2008 "Love Story" debuted at number sixteen on the "Billboard" Hot 100, selling over 97,000 digital downloads. In the succeeding week, "Love Story" ascended to a new peak at number five, selling 159,000. After two weeks in the top ten, on the week ending October 18, 2008, the track descended to number thirteen and remained on the top twenty of the "Billboard" Hot 100 for eleven consecutive weeks, returning to the top ten, at number seven, on the week ending January 3, 2009. On the week ending January 17, 2009, the song reached its peak at number four on the chart, becoming Swift's best charting single at the time. In the succeeding weeks, "Love Story" continued to sell strongly, spending fourteen weeks in the top ten and forty-nine weeks in total. The single is one of thirteen songs from "Fearless" charted within the top forty of the "Billboard" Hot 100, breaking the record for the most top forty entries from a single album. The single was certified quintuple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, and had sold over 5 million by May 2011. The song became Swift's best-selling single, and was once the best-selling country single of all time (now overtaken by Lady Antebellum's "Need You Now") as well as the ninth best-selling digital single of all time. As of February 2014, "Love Story" has sold 5,673,000 copies in the United States. 
"Love Story" reached number two in "Billboard" Radio Songs with 106 million all-format audience impressions, being held from the top spot by Kanye West's "Heartless". On "Billboard" Hot Country Songs, "Love Story" debuted at number twenty-five on the week-ending September 27, 2008. The song jumped at the top ten on its fourth week at number nine and on its ninth week it reached the top spot, thus giving Swift her third number-one song on "Billboard" Hot Country Songs and her fastest song to reach number one on the chart. It stayed at number one for two weeks and charted for a total of thirteen weeks on "Billboard" Hot Country Songs. On "Billboard" Pop Songs, the song debuted at thirty-four on the week-ending November 22, 2008. It reached the top spot on its fifteenth week, the week-ending February 28, 2009, marking the highest peak by a country song on the chart since Shania Twain's "You're Still the One" peaked at number three in 1998. "Love Story" also reached number one spot in "Billboard" Adult Contemporary and number three in "Billboard" Adult Pop Songs, and was able to appear "Billboard" Latin Pop Songs at number thirty-five.
In Canada, "Love Story" entered at number eighty-eight on the week ending October 18, 2008. It entered and peaked at number four on the week ending November 29, 2008, became Swift's first top ten hit in the said territory. The single stayed at the top ten for ten weeks and charted for fifty-two weeks. It was placed at number eight on Canadian year-end chart and was certified double platinum by Music Canada for sales of 160,000 digital downloads.
Europe and Oceania.
"Love Story" debuted at number twenty-two in United Kingdom, on the week ending February 28, 2009. In the succeeding week, the song rose to its peak at number two, becoming Swift's best-charting single and first top ten in the United Kingdom. It spent seven weeks in the top ten and thirty-two weeks in total on the chart. The single was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for shipments exceeding 600,000 copies. In October 22, 2012, Love Story charted again in United Kingdom at fifty-five. In Ireland, "Love Story" peaked at number three. In mainland, the track peaked at number ten on the Eurochart Hot 100 Singles Chart, number six in Hungary, number seven in Norway, and at number ten in Sweden. It performed well in other countries, such as Denmark, Germany, Netherlands, and France, where it became a top twenty hit.
In Australia, "Love Story" debuted at number thirty-eight on the week ending January 25, 2009. After two weeks of ascending on the chart, "Love Story" found a peak at number two, where it maintained for six consecutive weeks prior to reaching number one on the week ending March 29, 2009, becoming Swift's first and only number one in the region. In the following week, the track descended again to number two, but rose to the top for a second and last week on the top fifty on the week ending April 12, 2009. The single was certified triple platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association for the shipment of over 210,000 copies. "Love Story" was placed at number ten on the decade-end Austrian Singles Chart. On the week ending February 2, 2009, "Love Story" entered in New Zealand at number thirty-three. After nine weeks on the chart, the song peaked at number three on the week ending April 6, 2009. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand for the shipment of over 15,000 copies. In total,"Love Story" has sold over 7.9 million copies worldwide, therefore establishing itself among of the best-selling singles of all time.
Music video.
The accompanying music video for "Love Story" was directed by Trey Fanjoy, who previously directed the videos for the singles from "Taylor Swift". Swift decided to collaborate with Fanjoy once again because she had been able to balance both of their ideas for music videos, something Swift appreciated deeply. The video is a period piece that draws influence from Medieval, Renaissance, and Regency eras. Swift had previously desired to film a period piece music video because of its distinctiveness from modern videos and videos she had filmed. When writing the song, she envisioned it in a prior time period, and encoded it with details accordingly. She believed "Love Story"'s plot was a timeless scenario: "I think it could happen in the 1700s, the 1800s, or 2008." Thus, she searched for a timeless quality in demeanor of her love interest. With six months in advance, Swift searched by watching films for actors to interpret the role. An acquaintance of hers, who followed the sixth season of "Nashville Star", recommended contestant Justin Gaston. Swift then looked through his pictures, and concluded he was suitable for the music video. Gaston fulfilled the requirements Swift had set out, describing him as a "Prince Charming that could've been alive in the 1800s." However, because Gaston was competing on "Nashville Star", he was unable to participate in the music video. Gaston was eventually eliminated and Swift contacted him immediately to film the video. Swift was very impressed by Gaston's acting skills: "I was so impressed by the way his were in the video. Without even saying anything, he would just do a certain glance and it really came across well."
A castle was chosen for the video's setting. Personnel researched numerous castles in the United States and were unable to locate one in sufficient condition for filming. They had considered traveling to Europe to find a castle, but were then informed about a castle south of Nashville, Tennessee. Named Castle Gywnn, it was built in 1973 and chosen as the video's setting. Wardrobe for the video was supplied by Jacquard Fabrics, excluding Swift's dress for the balcony scene. The dress was designed by Seanie Speeka with inspiration and suggestions from Swift. "She loves to put her input in her dresses", stated Speeka. The two had discussed the dress two months prior to the filming of the video. Accentuates were made on the video set. The video was filmed in two days in August 2008 in Tennessee. On the first day, the balcony and field scenes were shot. On the set, someone had replaced the playback CD with a high-pitch, altered version of the song. As a result, Swift lent the crew her iPod to play the original track. While filming another scene, sunset was about to occur and, therefore, the process was executed rather rapidly. For the scene, Fanjoy suggested a kiss between Swift and Gaston, but Swift refused to because she believed it would make for a sweeter moment. On the second day, scenes at Cumberland University in Lebanon, Tennessee and at a ballroom were filmed. Swift learned the choreography for the latter in fifteen minutes prior to filming. Approximately 20 dancers were used for the scene.
The video commences with Swift, clothed by a black sweater and jeans, walking through a university campus and spotting Gaston sitting under a tree, reading a textbook. As they make eye contact, the video then transitions to an earlier era, in castle, where Swift stands, wearing a corset and gown, and performs in a balcony. After, Gaston enters a party and sees Swift, wearing an elaborate gown, conversing with other females. The two engage, along with others, engage in ballroom dancing. After dancing, Gaston whispers into Swift's ear and Swift is then seen pondering at night with a lantern. She meets with Gaston and the two walk, hold hands, and feed a horse by a well. The two then go their separate paths. Afterward, Swift stands in the balcony, looking out from the a window. She sees Gaston running toward her and immediately runs down the staircase. Swift and Gaston meet each other and hold each other. The video then transcends back into modern-day as Gaston walks toward Swift and they gaze into each other's eyes, where the video concludes. Cut-scenes feature ballroom dancing and Swift performing in the balcony setting.
Video reception.
The video premiered on September 12, 2008 on CMT. Mandi Bierly of "Entertainment Weekly" was concerned about the video mark Swift's artistic evolution as an artist because it made her believe something else in the artist had altered. She, however, stated, "Worry though I might, I can’t resist Taylor Swift’s evolution from 'Tim McGraw' (2006) to her latest, 'Love Story'." Bierly also compared Swift's acting with that of Keira Knightley. Fraser McAlpine of BBC believed Swift played a princess in the video and, therefore, said it would make females envious. The video was nominated for the "Video of the Year" category at the 45th Academy of Country Music Awards, but lost to Brad Paisley's "Waitin' on a Woman" (2008). At the 2009 CMT Music Awards, the video won the CMT Music Awards for "Video of the Year" and "Female Video of the Year". It also won the Country Music Association Award for "Music Video of the Year" at the 43rd Country Music Association Awards. The video won "Favorite International Video" at the Philippine Myx Music Awards 2010.
Live performances.
When promoting the single in the United States in late 2008 and early 2009, Swift performed "Love Story" on the "Good Morning America", the "Late Show with David Letterman", "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", the 2008 Country Music Awards, as a duet with English rock band Def Leppard on "CMT Crossroads", the episode was released as a DVD exclusively through Wal-Mart stores in the United States, Clear Channel Communications's Stripped, Studio 330 Sessions, and "Saturday Night Live". In the United Kingdom, Swift promoted the track during early 2009 with performances on television programs, such as "Loose Women" and "Later... with Jools Holland". Since, Swift has performed the track twice on "The Today Show", at the 2009 CMA Music Festival, the 2009 V Festival, the Australian charity concert Sydney Sound Relief, "Dancing with the Stars", and again on the "Late Show with David Letterman".
Swift performed "Love Story" on all venues of her first headlining concert tour, the Fearless Tour, which extended from April 2009 to June 2010. The performances begun with backup dancers, dressed in Victorian era clothing, dancing ballroom to Baroque composer Johann Pachelbel's "Pachelbel's Canon", as a castle backdrop was projected onto the stage. Swift emerged to upper level of the stage, from below, donning a crimson, 18th century gown with a golden accents. For the song's last refrain, Swift hid behind backup dancers as she changed her wardrobe to a white wedding dress. Jon Pareles of "The New York Times" said Swift offered the audience with optimistic thinking with the performance in the August 27, 2009 concert at Madison Square Garden in New York City. Reviewing the May 22, 2010 concert at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto, Canada, Jane Stevenson of "The Toronto Sun" stated the moment was far too girly for her liking. "Love Story" served as the final performance on the setlist of Swift's second concert tour, the Speak Now World Tour (2011); the performances featured Swift roaming throughout the stage, wearing a white sundress. On January 25, 2013, Swift did an acoustic version of the song, followed by "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" at the Los Premios 40 Principales in Spain.
Cover versions and media usage.
Kidz Bop Kids recorded a cover version of "Love Story" for the fifthteenth installment of "Kidz Bop", released in 2009. Heather Phares of Allmusic denounced that the song had a melody strong enough to withstand the "Kidz Bop" treatment and be kid-friendly, although having children singing lead vocals did make the song less friendly to general audiences. American pop band Forever the Sickest Kids covered "Love Story" for the 2009 deluxe edition of the debut studio album "Underdog Alma Mater" (2008). English singer Joe McElderry, winner of the sixth series the United Kingdom talent competition "The X Factor", performed a live cover of "Love Story" on The X Factor Tour in 2010 based on altered lyrics that Gabe Bondoc had introduced as the song being sung from the male (Romeo) perspective. Gordon Smart of "The Sun" said the performance of "Love Story" on February 15, 2010 in Liverpool, England, at the Echo Arena "went down a storm." "Love Story" was featured in the romantic comedy "Letters to Juliet" (2010), as well as its official trailer and in the pilot of the television series "Hart of Dixie" (2011).
The song was covered by Post-Hardcore band Sky Tells All featuring Chris Motionless of the band Motionless in White
Charts and certifications.
Chart procession and succession.
<br>April 6, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="19278672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278672" title="Amphibious warfare ship">
Amphibious warfare ship

An amphibious warfare ship (or amphib) is a warship employed to land and support ground forces, such as marines, on enemy territory during an amphibious assault. The largest fleet of these types is operated by the United States Navy, including the "Tarawa" class amphibious assault ships dating back to the 1970s and the newer and larger "Wasp" class ships that debuted in 1989.
History.
World War I and interwar period.
The history of the specialist amphibious assault vessel really begins during World War II. Prior to World War I, amphibious assaults had taken place using conventional boats. The disastrous Gallipoli landings of 1915 showed that this type of operation was impossible in the face of modern weapons, especially the machine gun. The 1920s and 1930s did not see much progress in most of the world, the exception being by the United States Marine Corps. Small-scale operations conducted by the Marine Corps in Latin America in the 1920s and 1930s, known as the Banana Wars, led to the development of advanced amphibious assault doctrine. By the late 1930s, concrete plans were beginning to form to build the first true specialized amphibious assault ships.
Specialized shipping can be divided into two types, most crudely described as ships and craft. In general the ships carry the troops from the port of embarkation to the drop point for the assault and the craft carry the troops from the ship to the shore. Amphibious assaults taking place over short distances can also involve the shore-to-shore technique where landing craft go directly from the port of embarkation to the assault point.
World War II developments.
Many of the early types of shipping were converted cargo vessels. However, the Landing Ship, Tank (LST) stands out. As the name suggests it is a specialized type for getting tanks or other large vehicles ashore. Unlike the other large ships, LSTs could beach and discharge directly onto shore. Beyond the ships carrying the troops, other vessels were needed. It was quickly appreciated that amphibious assaults were such complicated operations that a specialized flagship was needed, with facilities that a normal naval vessel simply could not provide. It was also realized that battleships, cruisers and destroyers could not necessarily provide all the fire support (including suppressive fire) that an assault would need. Therefore specialized vessels were developed that incorporated various direct and indirect fire weapons. These included guns and rockets which could be mounted on landing craft and landing ships. As part of the final barrage before an assault, the landing area would be plastered by these types.
Despite all the progress that was seen during World War II, there were still fundamental limitations in the types of coastline that were suitable for assault. Beaches had to be relatively free of obstacles, and have the right tidal conditions and the correct slope. However, the development of the helicopter fundamentally changed the equation.
Early Cold War developments.
The first use of helicopters in an amphibious assault came during the Anglo-French-Israeli invasion of Egypt in 1956 (the Suez War). Two British light fleet carriers were pressed into service to carry helicopters, and a battalion-sized airborne assault was made. Two of the other carriers involved, and "Albion" (R07), were converted in the late 1950s into dedicated "commando carriers." The techniques were developed further by American forces in the Vietnam War and refined during training exercises. The modern amphibious assault can take place at virtually any point of the coast, making defending against them extremely difficult.
Earlier ships which played a similar role to the current vessels as the heart of an amphibious assault included five "Iwo Jima" class Landing Platform Helicopter vessels, built in the 1950s and 1960s, and various converted fleet and escort carriers. The first of the type envisaged was the escort aircraft carrier USS "Block Island" (CVE-106/LPH-1), which never actually saw service as an amphibious assault ship. Delays in the construction of the "Iwo Jima" class saw other conversions made as a stopgap measure; three "Essex"-class aircraft carriers (USS "Boxer" (CV-21/LPH-4), "Princeton" (CV-37/LPH-5), and "Valley Forge" (CV-45/LPH-8)) and one "Casablanca" class escort carrier (USS "Thetis Bay" (CVE-90/CVHA-1/LPH-6)) were converted into "Boxer" and "Thetis Bay" class amphibious assault vessels.
The "Tarawa" and "Wasp" types and their "Iwo Jima" class forebears resemble aircraft carriers. However, the role of an amphibious assault ship is fundamentally different from that of an aircraft carrier. Its aviation facilities are not to support strike or air defense aircraft, but for hosting helicopters to support forces ashore.
Future developments.
One of the most recent innovations is the LCAC (Landing Craft Air Cushioned). These large hovercraft further expand the range of conditions under which an amphibious assault can take place and increase the speed of transfer of assets from ship to shore. Ground effect vehicles, which straddle the line between aircraft and ship, have also been proposed for the role in the past.
Amphibious assault submarines, while proposed during the 1950s, and almost brought to actual construction by the Soviet Union in the 1960s, are currently not being designed. However, if the predictions of military experts such as John Keegan or others hold true, and surface shipping becomes extremely dangerous during future wars of evenly matched powers (due to satellite reconnaissance and anti-ship missiles), then transport and amphibious assault submarines might deserve another look.

</doc>
<doc id="19278686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278686" title="Armoured personnel carrier">
Armoured personnel carrier

An armoured personnel carrier (APC) is type of armoured fighting vehicle designed to transport infantry to the battlefield. APCs are colloquially referred to as 'battle taxis' or 'battle buses,' among other things.
APCs differs from other AFVs, namely infantry fighting vehicles, due to the weaponry they carry. The Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe defines Armoured personnel carriers as ""an armoured combat vehicle which is designed and equipped to transport a combat infantry squad and which, as a rule, is armed with an integral or organic weapon of less than 20 millimeters calibre.""
By convention they are not intended to take part in a direct-fire battle, but to provide additional protection from shrapnel and small arms fire. Examples include the American M113, the French VAB, the Dutch/German GTK Boxer and the Soviet BTR.
History.
The genesis of the armoured personnel carrier concept was on the Western Front of World War I. In the in the later stage of the war, Allied tanks could break through enemy lines, however the infantry following who were needed to consolidate the gains still faced small arms and artillery fire. Without infantry support, the tanks were isolated and subsequently destroyed. In response, the British introduced the Mark V*, which was a version lengthened to include a troop compartment, and the purpose built Mark IX tank. Though a revolution in armoured doctrine, they had little impact on the war.
During World War II, half-tracks, notably the M3 and the SdKfz 251 played a role similar to post-war APCs. Over the course of the war APCs evolved from simple armoured cars, with transport capacity, to purpose built vehicles.
Obsolete armoured vehicles have often been repurposed as APCs. The inception of this concept was in 1944, with the introduction of the Kangaroo-type carrier. The initial conversion of 72 M7 Priest self-propelled howitzers was followed by the conversion of Churchill, M3 Stuart, and most heavily Ram, tanks. A later example of this concept is the Israeli Achzarit.
During the cold war, different specialised APCs were developed. The United States developed a series of tracked vehicles, including successors to the wartime Landing Vehicle Tracked, but the most prolific of these was the M113, of which 80,000 were produced. Western nations have largely phased out the M113 and replaced it with newer models, mostly wheeled vehicles. The Soviet Union produced the BTR-40, BTR-152, BTR-60, BTR-70, BTR-80 and BTR-90 in large numbers. The BTR-60, 80, and 90 remain in production in the East.
Design.
Most armoured personnel carriers use a diesel engine comparable to that used in a large truck or in a typical city bus. The M113 for instance used the same engine as the standard GM city bus.
APCs can vary in weight of 6 tons to 40 tons or more; though a typical vehicle will be between 9 and 20 tons. They typically have a capacity of between 8 and 12 dismountable troops, though some models can carry more than a score. By definition, an APC will have capacity for at least 8.
An APC will have at least one crewman, the driver, with as many as three, a gunner and commander.
Mobility.
An APC is either wheeled or tracked, or occasionally a combination of the two, as in a half-track. Both systems have their own advantages and limitations. Tracked vehicles have more traction offroad and more maneuverability, including a minute turn radius. Wheeled APCs are faster on road, and can cross long distances; typically, due to the limited lifetime of the treads, tracked vehicles are transported cross country by rail, or a flatbed truck which may or may not be a purpose built transporter.
Many APCs are amphibious. Tracked APCs are powered by their tracks, and wheeled APCs will include propellers or water jets. Preparations for amphibious operations usually comprises checking the integrity of the hull and folding down a trim vane in front. Water traverse speed varies greatly between vehicles. The max swim speed of the M113 is 3.8 mph, whereas the LAV-25 and AAVP-7 can reach nearly double that at a maximum of 6.5 and 8.2 mph, respectively.
Armour.
APCs must provide a minimum amount of protection against small arms fire to be considered as such, though some provide as much protection as a main battle tank, as is the case of the IDF Namer, which is based on a Merkava tank. Armour is usually composed of steel or aluminium. Some APCs also come with NBC protection, which is intended to provide protection from weapons of mass destruction.
Generally APCs will be lighter and less armoured than tanks or IFVs, often being open topped and featuring doors and windows, as seen in the French VAB.
Weaponry.
An APC carries a primary weapon of at most a 20mm autocannon before falling into the infantry fighting vehicle sub-classification, and will most likely be outfitted with one or more machine guns ranging from 5.56mm to 7.62mm. The primary weapon will usually be mounted on the top of the vehicle, either a simple pintle mount, in a small turret, or on a remote weapon system.
Pintle mounted weapons are rare, due to the lack of crew protection. The World War II Axis half-track Sd.Kfz. 251 was equipped with at least one MG42 or MG34, which could only be aimed in a small arc from whichever end of the vehicle the weapon was mounted and offered minimal protection to the gunner. Turrets, by definition, provides a traversal range of 360 degrees and operator protection. Most APC turrets include a coaxial machine gun(MG) alongside the primary weapon; BTR, BMP, and LAV series carry MGs alongside primary weapons, however the basic MTLB's turret carries only a 7.62mm MG. A recent advent, remote weapon systems are used in lieu of pintle mounts and provide the same level of operator protection as a turret, with the added benefit of increased visibility without increasing the overall profile of the vehicle. However, unlike in a turret, the weapon cannot be reloaded from inside the vehicle.
A common primary gun on an APC is an M2 Browning 50 caliber machine gun, or the equivalent 14.5mm KPV heavy machine gun. The Stryker carries an M2 on a CROWS, and many IMVs mount one on a RWS or pintle mount. The 7.62mm machine guns like C6, M240, FN Minimi and PKT machine guns or the 5.56mm M249 are commonly used as coaxial or secondary weapons. Several Eastern personnel carriers have forward facing machine guns in the crew compartment. The AAVP7 mounts an M2 50 caliber as a coaxial machine gun beside a Mark 19 automatic grenade launcher. Occasionally APCs will be equipped with anti-tank guided missiles.
Medical use.
Armoured personnel carriers may be used as ambulances to conduct medical evacuations of wounded personnel, acting in the same capacity as an ambulance but granting more protection to passengers. These vehicles are equipped with stretchers and medical supplies. According to article 19 of the Geneva Conventions, "mobile medical units of the Medical Service may in no circumstances be attacked, but at all times be respected and protected by the Parties to the conflict", and under article 22 are allowed to carry defensive weaponry though are typically unarmed.
Under Article 39 of the convention emblem of the medical service "shall be displayed ... on all equipment employed in the Medical Service." As such, armoured ambulances will be marked with ICRC symbols, such as the Geneva cross or Red Crystal.
The Canadian Forces armoured ambulance is a specially equipped Bison armoured personnel carrier.
Variants.
Infantry Fighting vehicle.
The infantry fighting vehicle is a derivative of the APC. Various classes of infantry fighting vehicles are deployed alongside tanks and APCs, in armoured and mechanized forces respectively. The fundamental difference between with an IFV beyond the definition outlined in the CFE treaty is the role they were designed to serve. The CFE stipulates an infantry fighting vehicle is an APC with a cannon in excess of 20mm, and with this additional firepower the vehicle acts in a more involved combat role, providing fire support to dismounted infantry. The LAV-III, the primary mechanized infantry vehicle of the Canadian armed forces, is classified as an IFV due solely to its M242 Bushmaster autocannon. The M2 Bradley carries the same weapon and classification, but is heavily armoured, outfitted with TOWs and advanced optics, and serves primarily in US Army armoured divisions alongside M1 Abrams Main battle tanks.
The BTR-90, which mounts a 30mm autocannon and anti-tank missile, is colloquially referred to as an APC. BTR, literally translated, means "armoured transporter." However the BMP-3, literally "Infantry Combat Vehicle", is equipped with a slew of heavy weaponry including a 100mm gun, and not generalized in the same manner.
Infantry Mobility Vehicle.
Infantry Mobility vehicle is a neologism to describe a decades old concept of an armoured car with increased mine resistance and passenger protection for use primarily in unconventional theatres of war. Though beginning as early as the 1970s with vehicles such as the South African Casspir, they only came into favour in the 21st century in the post-Soviet geopolitical climate.
The American uparmoured Humvee, classified as M1114, is the epitome of the IMV concept. The M1114 is identical to the Humvee, in both design and function, apart from the addition of several tons of armour. The M1114 was later replaced in the role by the purpose built vehicles of the MRAP program, a series of vehicles inspired by the Casspir.
IMVs generally feature a v-hull shaped underbelly with additional crew protection features such as four- point seat belts and seats suspended from the roof or sides of the vehicle. Many feature a remote weapon system in place of a crew-served weapon system.
The usually 4x4 IMVs are distinctive from both 8x8 APCs, and 4x4 APCs such as the VAB. They are closer in appearance to civilian armoured cars.
The term refers to a wide range of vehicles, though the exact classification is contentious.

</doc>
<doc id="19278693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278693" title="Hans Jacob Hansteen">
Hans Jacob Hansteen

Hans Jacob Hansteen (born 11 April 1938) is a Norwegian architect.
Born in Stavanger, he graduated from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1961 and worked as a professor there from 1977 to 1995. From 1993 to 2003 he was chief inspector of historic buildings in Oslo. He is a board member of the Norwegian Institute for Cultural Heritage Research.

</doc>
<doc id="19278722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278722" title="Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical">
Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical

The Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical was first awarded at the 1974-1975 Drama Desk Awards and has been awarded every year since. Before the 21st Drama Desk Awards, acting awards were given without making distinctions between roles in straight dramas as opposed to musicals, nor were there separate categories for actors and actresses.

</doc>
<doc id="19278728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278728" title="Architectural engineering">
Architectural engineering

Architectural engineering, also known as building engineering, is the application of engineering principles and technology to building design and construction. Definitions of an architectural engineer may refer to:
Engineering for building.
Structural engineering.
Structural engineering involves the analysis and design of physical objects (buildings, bridges, equipment supports, towers and walls). Those concentrating on buildings are responsible for the structural performance of a large part of the built environment and are, sometimes, informally referred to as "building engineers". Structural engineers require expertise in strength of materials and in the seismic design of structures covered by earthquake engineering. Architectural Engineers sometimes practice structural as one aspect of their designs; the structural discipline when practiced as a specialty works closely with architects and other engineering specialists.
Mechanical, electrical, and plumbing (MEP).
Mechanical engineering and electrical engineering engineers are specialists, commonly referred to as "MEP" (mechanical, electrical, and plumbing) when engaged in the building design fields. Also known as "building services engineering" in the United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia. Mechanical engineers often design and oversee the heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC), plumbing, and rain gutter systems. Plumbing designers often include design specifications for simple active fire protection systems, but for more complicated projects, fire protection engineers are often separately retained. Electrical engineers are responsible for the building's power distribution, telecommunication, fire alarm, signalization, lightning protection and control systems, as well as lighting systems.
The architectural engineer (PE) in the United States.
In many jurisdictions of the United States, the architectural engineer is a licensed engineering professional. Usually a graduate of an architectural engineering university program preparing students to perform whole-building design in competition with architect-engineer teams; or for practice in one of structural, mechanical or electrical fields of building design, but with an appreciation of integrated architectural requirements.
Formal architectural engineering education, following the engineering model of earlier disciplines, developed in the late 19th century, and became widespread in the United States by the mid-20th century. With the establishment of a specific "architectural engineering" NCEES Professional Engineering registration examination in the 1990s, and first offering in April 2003, architectural engineering became recognized as a distinct engineering discipline in the United States. Architectural engineers are not entitled to practice architecture unless they are also licensed as architects.
The architect as architectural engineer.
In some countries architecture, as a profession providing architectural services, is sometimes referred to as "architectural engineering". In others, such as in Japan, the terms "architecture" and "building engineering" are used synonymously. The practice of architecture includes the planning, designing and overseeing the building's construction.
In some languages, such as Korean and Arabic, "architect" is literally translated as "architectural engineer". In some countries, an "architectural engineer" (such as the "ingegnere edile" in Italy) is entitled to practice architecture and is often referred to as an architect. These individuals are often also structural engineers. In other countries, such as Germany, Austria, Iran, and most of the Arabic countries, architecture graduates receive an engineering degree ("Dipl.-Ing. – Diplom-Ingenieur").
In Brazil, architects and engineers used to share the same accreditation process (CONFEA – Federal Council of Engineering, Architecture and Agronomy). Now the Brazilian architects and urbanists have their own accreditation process (CAU – Architecture and Urbanism Council). Besides traditional architecture design training, Brazilian architecture courses also offer complementary training in engineering disciplines such as structural, electrical, hydraulic and mechanical engineering. After graduation, architects can be fully responsible for design and construction in these areas (except in electric wiring, where the architect autonomy is limited to systems up to 30kVA), applied to buildings, urban environment, built cultural heritage, landscape planning, interiorscape planning and regional planning.
In Greece licensed architectural engineers are graduates from architecture faculties that belong to the Polytechnic University, obtaining an "Engineering Diploma". They graduate after 5 years of studies and are fully entitled architects once they become members of the Technical Chamber of Greece (Τεχνικό Επιμελητήριο Ελλάδος). The Engineering Diploma equals a Master's Degree in ECTS units (300) according to the Bologna Accords.
Education.
The architectural, structural, mechanical and electrical engineering branches each have well established educational requirements that are usually fulfilled by completion of a university program.
Architectural engineering as a single integrated field of study.
What differentiates architectural engineering as a separate and single, integrated field of study, compared to other engineering disciplines, is its multi-disciplinary engineering approach. Through training in and appreciation of architecture, the field seeks integration of building systems within its overall building design. Architectural engineering includes the design of building systems including heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC), plumbing, fire protection, electrical, lighting, architectural acoustics, and structural systems. In some university programs, students are required to concentrate on one of the systems; in others, they can receive a generalist architectural or building engineering degree.

</doc>
<doc id="19278734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278734" title="Timothy I (Nestorian Patriarch)">
Timothy I (Nestorian Patriarch)

Timothy I, (; "") patriarch of the Church of the East from 780 to 823, is widely considered to be one of the most impressive patriarchs in the long history of the Nestorian church. Respected both as an author, a church leader and a diplomat, Timothy was also an excellent administrator. During his reign he reformed the metropolitan administration of the Nestorian church, granting greater independence to the metropolitans of the mission field (the 'exterior' provinces) but excluding them from participation in patriarchal elections. These reforms laid the foundations for the later success of Nestorian missions in central Asia.
Early life and succession to the patriarchate.
Timothy was a native of Hazza in Adiabene. As a young man, he studied under Abraham Bar Dashandad at the school of Bashisho in Sapsapa, in the Aqra district. He later became bishop of the diocese of Beth Bgash, in the metropolitan province of Adiabene, winning the respect of Abu Musa ibn Musab, the Moslem governor of Mosul, and his Christian secretary Abu Nuh al-Anbari. On the death of the patriarch Hnanisho II in 778, Timothy used a judicious mixture of bribery, deceit and (probably) murder to secure his own election as patriarch. One rival for the post was the elderly Ishoyahb, the superior of the monastery of Beth Abe, and Timothy first frightened him by warning him that he was not fit enough to survive the intrigues of high office, and then bought him off by offering him the position of metropolitan of Adiabene. A second potential rival, Giwargis, was nominated at a synod convened by the bishop Thomas of Kashkar in the monastery of Mar Pethion in Baghdad. Giwargis enjoyed the support of the caliph al-Mahdi's Christian doctor Isa ibn Quraysh, and might have been a serious threat to Timothy had he not died suddenly in suspicious circumstances. Timothy then secured a majority in the subsequent ballot by promising to reward his supporters handsomely. After he was elected, he did nothing of the sort. Those who complained were told, 'The priesthood is not sold for money.'
These tactics were not forgotten by his opponents, and an opposition party led by the metropolitan Joseph of Merv held a synod in the monastery of Beth Hale, in which they excommunicated Timothy and replaced Ishoyahb as metropolitan of Adiabene by Rustam, bishop of Hnitha. Timothy retorted with the same weapon and deposed Joseph of Merv, who, failing to find redress from the caliph al-Mahdi, converted to Islam. Further rounds of excommunications led to rioting in the streets of Baghdad by the city's Christians. The opposition to Timothy was finally stilled by the intervention of Isa ibn Quraysh.
Literary achievement.
Timothy was a respected writer of scientific, theological, liturgical, and canonical books. Some 59 of his letters survive, covering roughly the first half of his patriarchate. The letters discuss varied biblical and theological questions as well as revealing much about the situation of the church in his day. One letter records him ordaining bishops for the Turks of Central Asia, for Tibet, for Shiharzur, Radan, Ray, Iran, Gurgan, Balad, and several other places. The letters also show a wide familiarity with literature from across the ancient Christian world. Because he moved to Baghdad after his election as patriarch, he was familiar with the Abbasid court and assisted in the translation of works by Aristotle and others.
One of Timothy's most famous literary productions was the record of an inconclusive debate on the rival claims of Christianity and Islam, supposedly held in 782 with the third Abbasid caliph Al-Mahdi (reigned 775–85). The debate, which some argue have been a literary fiction, offers a somewhat unorganized back-and-forth that lends credence to the argument that the debate took place and was recorded by Timothy himself. It was published first in Syriac and later in Arabic. In its surviving form, in Syriac, it is noticeably respectful towards Islam, and may well have been written for the enjoyment of both Christian and Moslem readers. The debate was translated into English in 1928 by Alphonse Mingana, under the title 'Timothy's Apology for Christianity'. Its theme is of perennial interest, and it can still be read today both for pleasure and profit.
Interest in missionary expansion.
Timothy took a particularly keen interest in the missionary expansion of the Church of the East. He is known to have consecrated metropolitans for Damascus, for Armenia, for Dailam and Gilan in Azerbaijan, for Rai in Tabaristan, for Sarbaz in Segestan, for the Turks of Central Asia, and for China, and he also declared his intention of consecrating a metropolitan for Tibet. He also detached India from the metropolitan province of Fars and made it a separate metropolitan province.

</doc>
<doc id="19278738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278738" title="Hyperbolic plane (disambiguation)">
Hyperbolic plane (disambiguation)

In mathematics, the term hyperbolic plane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19278759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278759" title="Gábor Gabos">
Gábor Gabos

Gábor Gabos (born in Budapest, 4 January 1930) is a Hungarian pianist.
In 1960 he was awarded a 5th prize at the Queen Elisabeth competition, and one year later he won the Liszt-Bartók competition; an intercontinental concert career ensued. In 1976 he was decorated a Merited Artist of the Hungarian People's Republic.
References.
International Who's Who in Music (2003 edition), page 262

</doc>
<doc id="19278787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278787" title="The Conversion of Aurelian McGoggin">
The Conversion of Aurelian McGoggin

The Conversion of Aurelian McGoggin is a short story by Rudyard Kipling. It was first published in the "Civil and Military Gazette" on April 28, 1887, and first in book form in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" in 1888, and in subsequent editions of that collection. 
Aurelian McGoggin is a young man fresh out to India. He is much influenced by the ideas of Auguste Comte and Herbert Spencer. These names, along with the attitudes expressed by the narrator of the story, are sufficient to stamp McGoggin as that most undesirable type in the days of the Raj, an 'intellectual': in the story, he is mocked for his 'theories' and his "Creed". This appears mostly to consist in denying the existence of souls, and of God. (In one of Kipling's characteristically double-edged ways of looking ironically at the world he writes, after discoursing on the chain of command in British India: "If the Empress be not responsible to her Maker - if there is no Maker for her to be responsible to - the entire system of Our administration must be wrong; which is manifestly impossible.")
McGoggin becomes intolerable to the men who have been in India longer than he has. "christened him the 'Blastoderm', and throw cushions at him in the Club: His superior says that "for a clever boy, Aurelian was a very big idiot." He works well, and hard - too hard, for he suffers an attack of aphasia - a mental breakdown, which deprives him speech. The Doctor prescribes him three months rest. The experience cows McGoggin: he is frightened of what he has learnt about himself, and what he does not understand about his own mind and memory. The upshot is that "the Club had rest when he returned".
This story is one where Kipling tries to make sense of the whole Indian experience, or at least portray it to those living in the United Kingdom ("Home"), and betrays an anti-intellectual pose as the bluff common-sensical man. At the same time, he shows real sympathy for the man who "was afraid - horribly afraid".

</doc>
<doc id="19278794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278794" title="Objectworld Communications">
Objectworld Communications

Objectworld Communications Corp., formerly ObjectWorld Inc, was a privately held company, provides unified communications software to small- and medium-sized businesses. Objectworld was acquired by Huntsville, Alabama based ADTRAN Inc. Objectworld created products focused on the Microsoft Windows operating system platform targeted towards IT-centric installation, administration and maintenance of unified communications infrastructure.
Objectworld’s flagship product, UC Server, acts as either an adjunct extension to existing PBX systems, or as an IP-telephony-based replacement for traditional communications systems. UC Server can provide complete business communications (telephones, auto-attendants, voice mail, unified messaging, fax server, IVR, outbound dialing, conferencing, etc.) by integrating with various third-party products (SIP telephones, SIP gateways, etc.), and with Microsoft Windows Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange Server and Lotus Domino. UC Server is targeted to be administered and maintained by IT system administrators.
History.
Objectworld Communications Corp was founded in 1994 as ObjectWorld Inc. by Behrouz Poustchi, initially as a consulting company. In 1996, its second employee Robert Turner joined, and other staff were soon added. During these early years, ObjectWorld consulted on and developed telecommunications technology and products (SS7, video conferencing) with clients such as MPR Teltech and the Canadian Research Council. In 1998, ObjectWorld released CallAttendant a home and small-office telephony product and automated telephone answering system that provided sophisticated call-flow definitions using a graphical drag-and-drop user interface. The user interface was unique in that it made advanced telephony answering services accessible to less knowledgeable users without the need for scripting, programming or a detailed understanding of telephony. 
In 2000, this product was transitioned into an adjunct PBX application; and the home and small-office products were discontinued. This new product was launched in March 2001 and named CallAttendant Office; it was targeted for small and medium-sized enterprises. CallAttendant Office worked with traditional PBXs to provide voice-mail, unified-messaging, auto-attendants and fax services and provided a very early unified communications solution. 
Both the home and enterprise products won a variety of awards, including ZDNet Editors Picks, 2000 Teleconnect IT Expo Best of Show, 2001 Communications Solutions Product of the Year, 2001 Communications Convergence Best of Show, 2001 Teleconnect Best of Show, and 2002 Customer Interaction Solutions Editor’s Choice. 
ObjectWorld continued to develop and expand the CallAttendant Office product. In April 2004, Objectworld Inc. was acquired by David Levy and David Schenkel with a co-investor Latitude Partners; a year later Growthworks Capital was added to the investment group. The company was renamed Objectworld Communications Corp. The CallAttendant Office product continued to evolve and expand into a unified communications solution. In March 2006, Objectworld Unified Communications Server (Objectworld UC Server) was introduced, which added SIP PBX capabilities to the existing adjunct services.
References.
Object World has been acquired by Adtran Corp Hq in Huntsviulle AL

</doc>
<doc id="19278797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278797" title="History of Seychelles">
History of Seychelles

The recorded history of Seychelles dates back to the 17th century. The islands were appropriated and settled by France in the 18th century. African slaves were brought to the island, and the characteristic Seychellois Creole language developed. Britain took possession of the islands in the early 19th century. The Seychelles became an independent republic in 1976 after two hundred years of European colonial rule. A socialist one-party state ruled the country from 1977 to 1993. The subsequent democratic elections were won by the same socialist party.
Pre-colonial history.
The early (pre-European colonisation) history of Isle de Séchelles or Seychelles is unknown. Malays from Borneo, who eventually settled on Madagascar, perhaps lingered here circa 200 -300 AD. Arab navigators, on trading voyages across the Indian Ocean, were probably aware of the islands, although they did not settle them. A manuscript dated AD 851, written by an Arab merchant, refers to the Maldives and higher islands beyond them, possibly Seychelles. 
Arabs were trading the highly valued coco de mer nuts, found only in Seychelles, long before European discovery of the islands. The rotted-out nuts can float and were found washed ashore in the Maldives and Indonesia.
Age of Discoveries.
In 1502, Vasco da Gama, crossing from India to East Africa, sighted islands which became known as the Amirantes. The granitic islands began to appear on Portuguese charts as the Seven Sisters. 
In March 1608, a trading fleet of the English East India Company set sail for India. Lost in a storm, the "Ascension's" crew saw "high land" on 19 January 1609 and headed for it. They anchored "as in a pond". They found an uninhabited island with plentiful fresh water, fish, coconuts, birds, turtles and giant tortoises with which to replenish their stores. The "Ascension" sailed, and reported what they had found, but the British took no action.
Towards the end of the 17th century, pirates arrived in the Indian Ocean from the Caribbean and made a base in Madagascar, from where they preyed upon vessels approaching and leaving the Red Sea and the Persian Gulf. 
The French had occupied the Isle de France (now Mauritius) since 1715. This colony was growing in importance, and in 1735 an energetic administrator, Bertrand-François Mahé de La Bourdonnais (1699–1723) was appointed. His brief was to protect the French sea route to India. La Bourdonnais, himself a sailor, turned his attention to making a speedier passage from Mauritius to India. To this end, in 1742, he sent an expedition under the command of Lazare Picault to accurately chart the islands northeast of Madagascar.
On 21 November 1742, the "Elisabeth" and the "Charles" anchored off Mahé at Anse Boileau (not Baie Lazare, later mistakenly named as Picault's landing place). They found a land of plenty. In fact, Picault named the island Ile d'Abondance. Picault's mapping was poor, so in 1744 he was sent back and renamed the main island Mahé (in honor of his patron Mahé de La Bourdonnais), and the group the Iles de la Bourdonnais. He had high hopes for the Iles de la Bourdonnais. However the islands were once more forgotten when La Bourdonnais was replaced in 1746.
French settlement and rule.
The outbreak in 1754 of what would become the Seven Years' War between England and France reminded the authorities on Mauritius about the islands. Two ships were sent to claim them, commanded by Corneille Nicholas Morphey. He renamed the largest island Isle de Séchelles in honour of Viscount Jean Moreau de Séchelles, Minister of Finance during the reign of Louis XV (later Anglicised as Seychelles). This name was later used for the island group, whilst Mahé was again used for the largest granitic island. Morphey took possession for the French king and the French East India Company on 1 November 1756.
The end of the Seven Years' War, with France's loss of Canada and its status in India, caused the decline of the French East India Company, which had formerly controlled Mauritius. This settlement, and thus Seychelles, now came under direct royal authority. The new intendant of Mauritius, Pierre Poivre (1719–1786), was determined to break the Dutch monopoly of the lucrative spice trade; he thought Mahé would be perfect for spice cultivation.
In 1768, Nicolas Dufresne arranged a commercial venture, sending ships to collect timber and tortoises from the Seychelles. During this expedition, French sovereignty was extended to cover all the islands of the granitic group on Christmas Day.
In 1769, the navigators Rochon and Grenier proved that a faster route to India could safely be taken via the Seychelles, and thus the importance of the islands' strategic position was realised. Meanwhile, Poivre had finally obtained seedlings of nutmeg and clove, and 10,000 nutmeg seeds. His attempts to propagate them on Mauritius and Bourbon (later named Réunion) met with little success, and he thought again of Seychelles. It was considered fortuitous when Brayer du Barré (unknown-1777) arrived on Mauritius with royal permission to run a settlement on St Anne at his own expense.
On 12 August 1770, 15 white colonists, seven slaves, five Indians and one black woman settled on St Anne. Du Barré stayed in Mauritius seeking funds. After reports of initial success, he begged the government for more money. However, reports reached the authorities that ship captains could get no supplies of fresh produce from the islands. Du Barré's appeals for help to Mauritius and Versailles fell on deaf ears. In desperation, he went to the Seychelles to try and rescue the situation, but to no avail. A ruined man, he left for India and died there shortly afterwards.
In 1771, Poivre sent Antoine Gillot to Seychelles to establish a spice garden. By August 1772, Du Barré's people had abandoned St Anne and moved to Mahé or returned home. Gillot worked on at Anse Royale, establishing nutmeg, cloves, cinnamon and pepper plants.
When British ships were seen around Seychelles, the authorities were spurred into action, despatching a garrison under Lieutenant de Romainville. They built Etablissement du Roi (Royal Settlement) on the site of modern Victoria. Gillot was nominally in charge of the civilian colonists, but had no real authority over them. Mauritius sent as replacement a man of stronger mettle, Jean Baptiste Philogene de Malavois, who assumed command of the settlement in 1788. He drew up 30 decrees which protected the timber and tortoises. In future, only sound farming techniques and careful husbanding of resources would be tolerated.
The Quincy era.
In 1790, as a result of the French Revolution, the settlers formed a Colonial Assembly, and decided they would run their colony themselves, according to their own constitution. Land in Seychelles should only go to the children of existing colonists, who should dispose of the colony's produce as they chose, not as Mauritius dictated. They deemed the abolition of slavery impossible, because they believed that without free labour, the colony could not survive.
Jean-Baptiste Queau de Quincy (1748–1827) took command of the colony in 1794. A wily man, he used skill and expediency to steer Seychelles through the years of war ahead. Seychelles acted as a haven for French corsairs (pirates carrying lettres de marque entitling them to prey legally on enemy shipping). Quincy hoped this might go unnoticed, but in 1794 a squadron of three British ships arrived. The British commodore, Henry Newcome, gave Quincy an hour in which to surrender. Through skillful negotiations, Quincy obtained a guarantee of his honour and property and surrendered. 
The British made no effort to take over the Seychelles; it was considered a waste of resources. The settlers decided that unless they were sent a garrison, they could not be expected to defend the French flag. Therefore they would remain neutral, supplying all comers. The strategy worked. The colony flourished. Quincy's favourable terms of capitulation were renewed seven times during the visits of British ships.
On 11 July 1801 the French frigate "Chiffonne" arrived with a cargo of French prisoners sent into exile by Napoleon. Then HMS "Sybille" arrived. Quincy had to try to defend the "Chiffonne", but after a brief battle, the "Chiffonne" was taken. Captain Adam of the "Sybille" wanted to know why Quincy had interfered, in contravention of his capitulation terms. Quincy managed to talk his way out of the difficulty, and even persuaded Adam to agree to Seychelles' vessels flying a flag bearing the words "Seychelles Capitulation", allowing them to pass through the British blockade of Mauritius unmolested.
15 September 1801 was the date of a memorable sea battle just off the settlement. The British ship "Victor" was seriously disabled by damage to her rigging, but she was able to manoeuvre broadside to the French vessel "La Flêche" and rake her with incessant fire. "La Flêche" began to sink. Rather than surrender her, her captain ran her aground, torching her before abandoning ship. The opposing commanders met ashore afterwards, the Englishman warmly congratulating his French counterpart on his courage and skill during the battle.
The British tightened the blockade on the French Indian Ocean colonies. Réunion surrendered, followed in December 1810 by Mauritius. In April 1811, Captain Beaver arrived in Seychelles on the "Nisus" to announce the preferential terms of Quincy's capitulation should stand, but Seychelles must recognise the terms of the Mauritian surrender. Beaver left behind a Royal Marine, Lieutenant Bartholomew Sullivan, to monitor the Seychelles situation.
British rule.
There was little Sullivan could do alone to stop the settlers continuing to provision French frigates and slavers. Slave ownership was not then against British law, although slave trading was illegal. Sullivan, later given the title of Civil Agent, played cat and mouse with the pro-slaver colonists. Once, acting on a tip off, Sullivan was rowed over to Praslin and was able to confiscate a cargo of newly landed slaves. It was but a small triumph amidst many frustrations, and Sullivan, complaining that the Seychellois had "no sense of honour, shame or honesty", resigned.
The first civilian administrator of the British regime was Edward Madge. He had a bitter feud with Quincy, who remained in the administration as Justice of the Peace. In the following years, the islands became a backwater ticking over quietly. Seychellois landowners had a pleasant life, though making ends meet given the fickle markets for their produce was not always easy. The British had allowed all customary French practices to remain in place. The administrator may have been British, reporting to London, but he governed according to French rules. The biggest grievance the colonists had with their new masters was the colony's dependence on Mauritius.
The other cloud on the planters' horizon was British anti-slavery legislation. In 1835, slavery was completely abolished. The plantations were already in decline, their soils exhausted by years of cultivation without investment in renewing fertility. Some planters took their slaves and left. The liberated slaves had no land, and most squatted on the estates they had tended in bondage, and the colony entered a period of stagnation. There were no exports, and no money to pay for new infrastructure.
The situation was only improved when planters realised they could grow coconuts with less labour and more profit than the traditional crops of cotton, sugar, rice, and maize. Soon, they also had a source of virtually free labour once again. The British took their anti-slavery stance seriously, and operated patrols along the East African coast, raiding Arab dhows transporting slaves to the Middle East. Slaves liberated south of the Equator were brought to Seychelles, and apprenticed to plantation owners. They worked the land in return for rations and wages. Over a period of thirteen years from 1861, around 2,400 men, women and children were brought to Seychelles.
The town, called Victoria since 1841, began to grow. Licences granted in 1879 give some idea of the range of businesses in the town. There was a druggist, two auctioneers, five retailers, four liquor stores, a notary, an attorney, a jeweller, and a watchmaker.
There was a disaster on 12 October 1862, when torrential rain and strong winds hit Mahé. An avalanche of mud and rocks fell on the town from the hills. It has been estimated that over 70 persons lost their lives.
Crown Colony.
Seychelles yearned to be a colony in its own right, and the authorities in the mother colony Mauritius supported them. Sir Arthur Gordon, the Mauritian governor, sent a petition on their behalf to London. Concessions were made, but Seychelles did not become a Crown Colony in its own right until 1903, when its first Governor, Sir Ernest Bickham Sweet-Escott took office. Befitting its new status, the colony acquired a botanical gardens, and a clock tower in the heart of Victoria. The French language and culture remained dominant, however.
The British, like the French before them, saw Seychelles as a useful place to exile troublesome political prisoners. Over the years, Seychelles became a home to prisoners from Zanzibar, Egypt, Cyprus and Palestine, to name but a few. The first in the line of exiles was the ex-chief of Pasir Salak at Perak who arrived in 1875 after his implication in the murder of the British Resident of Perak. Like many of the exiles who followed, he settled well into Seychelles life and became genuinely fond of the islands. He took home with him one of the popular local tunes, and incorporated it into the national anthem of his country. With new words, it later became the national anthem of Malaysia. 
Perhaps the most famous of the political prisoners was Archbishop Makarios from Cyprus, who arrived in 1956. He likewise fell in love with his prison. "When our ship leaves harbour", he wrote, "we shall take with us many good and kindly memories of the Seychelles...may God bless them all."
World War I caused great hardship in the islands. Ships could not bring in essential goods, nor take away exports. Wages fell; prices soared by 150 percent. Many turned to crime and the prisons were bursting. Joining the Seychelles Labour Contingent, formed at the request of General Smuts, seemed to offer an escape. It was no easy option however. The force, 800 strong, was sent to East Africa. After just five months, so many had died from dysentery, malaria and beriberi that the corps was sent home. In all, 335 men died.
By the end of World War I, the population of Seychelles was 24,000 and they were feeling neglected by Great Britain. There was agitation from the newly formed Planters Association for greater representation in the governance of Seychelles affairs. After 1929 a more liberal flow of funds was ensured by the Colonial Development Act, but it was a time of economic depression; the price of copra was falling and so were wages. Workers petitioned the government about their poor working conditions and the burden of tax they had to bear. Governor Sir Arthur Grimble instigated some reforms, exempting lower income groups from taxation. He was keen to create model housing and distribute smallholdings for the landless. Many of his reforms were not approved until World War II had broken out, and everything was put on hold.
The Planters Association lobbied for the white land owners, but until 1937 those who worked for them had no voice. The League of Coloured Peoples was formed to demand a minimum wage, a wage tribunal and free health care for all. During World War II, a seaplane depot was established on St Anne to monitor regional shipping. A garrison was stationed in the islands and a battery built at Pointe Conan to protect the harbour. Some 2,000 Seychellois men served in the Pioneer Companies in Egypt, Palestine and Italy.
At home, Seychelles had turmoil of its own. The first political party, the Taxpayers Association, was formed in 1939. A British governor described it as "the embodiment of every reactionary force in Seychelles", and it was entirely concerned with protecting the interests of the plantocracy. After the war, they also benefited by being granted the vote, which was limited to literate property owners; just 2,000 in a population of 36,000. At the first elections, in 1948, most of those elected to the Legislative Council were predictably members of the Planters and Taxpayers Association.
In 1958, the French bought back the Glorioso islands from the Seychelles.
Independence.
It was not until 1964 that any new political movements were created. In that year, the Seychelles People's United Party (SPUP, later Seychelles People's Progressive Front, SPPF) was formed. Led by France-Albert René, they campaigned for socialism and independence from Britain. James Mancham's Seychelles Democratic Party (SDP), created the same year, by contrast represented businessmen and planters and wanted closer integration with Britain.
Elections were held in 1966, won by the SDP.
In March 1970, colonial and political representatives of Seychelles met in London for a constitutional convention, with the Seychelles Democratic Party (SDP) of James Mancham advocating closer integration with the UK, and the Seychelles People's United Party (SPUP) of France-Albert René advocating independence. Further elections in November 1970 brought a new constitution into effect, with Mancham as Chief Minister. Further elections were held in April 1974, in which both major political parties campaigned for independence. Following this election, negotiations with the British resulted in an agreement under which the Seychelles became an independent republic within the Commonwealth on June 29, 1976. The newly knighted Sir James Mancham became the country's first President, with René as Prime Minister. These negotiations also restored the islands of Aldabra, Farquhar, and Des Roches, which had been transferred from Seychelles in November 1965 to form part of the new British Indian Ocean Territory (BIOT), to Seychelles upon independence.
One-party state.
On June 5, 1977, a coup d'état saw Mancham deposed while overseas, and France-Albert René became President. The Seychelles became a one-party state, with the SPUP becoming the Seychelles People's Progressive Front (SPPF).
In 1981, the country experienced a failed coup attempt by Mike Hoare and a team of South African backed mercenaries. The author John Perkins has alleged that this was part of a covert action to re-install the pro-American former president in the face of concerns about United States access to its military bases in Diego Garcia.
The government was threatened again by an army mutiny in August 1982, but it was quelled after 2 days when loyal troops, reinforced by Tanzanian forces, recaptured rebel-held installations. 
Gérard Hoarau (7 December 1950 – 29 November 1985) the exiled opposition was head of the Mouvement Pour La Resistance (MPR). His opposition to the dictatorship of René was based in London and he was assassinated on 29 November 1985 by an unidentified gunman on the doorstep of his London home. Hoarau is buried in London.
In 1985 after the assassination of Hoarau, the Seychelles community in exile put together a programm titled SIROP - Seychelles International Repatriation and Onward Program. Involving an alliance of CDU, DP, SNP and SNP it outlined negotiations for a peaceful return of the exiles supported by a strong economic program.
In February 1992, Conrad Greslé (19 August 1937 - July 1993), a local accountant, landowner and advocate of multi-party democracy in Seychelles was arrested and charged with treason for allegedly planning to overthrow President René's régime with the apparent aid of foreign mercenaries and with supposed CIA involvement. Greslé died in Seychelles in July 1993 and is survived by his wife Sylvia, son Neville and daughters Natasha and Yvette Greslé.
A number of Seychellois were displaced and exiled by the dictatorship. The Greslé family were one of a few landowners of largely French descent to remain after the coup d'état of 1977 - most had their land confiscated and were exiled. Any individual who publicly resisted the René régime was vulnerable to threats, intimidation, or exile throughout the 1980s. Disappearances and what appear to be politically motivated killing did take place but these are not officially documented or acknowledged. A number of Seychellois families are now calling for official acknowledgement of politically motivated violence subsequent to the 1977 coup.
Conrad Greslé is documented in a book by James Mancham - 'Seychelles: Personalities of Yesterday', Seychelles: Mahe Publications, 2005. Out of print.
Democracy.
Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union, at an Extraordinary Congress of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front (SPPF) on December 4, 1991, President René announced a return to the multiparty system of government after almost 16 years of one-party rule. On December 27, 1991, the Constitution of Seychelles was amended to allow for the registration of political parties. Among the exiles returning to Seychelles was James Mancham, who returned in April 1992 to revive his party, the Democratic Party (DP). By the end of that month, eight political parties had registered to contest the first stage of the transition process: election to the constitutional commission, which took place on July 23–26, 1992. 
The constitutional commission was made up of 22 elected members, 14 from the SPPF and 8 from the DP. It commenced work on August 27, 1992 with both President René and Mancham calling for national reconciliation and consensus on a new democratic constitution. A consensus text was agreed upon on May 7, 1993, and a referendum to approve it was called for June 15–18. The draft was approved with 73.9% of the electorate in favor of it and 24.1% against. 
July 23–26, 1993 saw the first multiparty presidential and legislative elections held under the new constitution, as well as a resounding victory for President René. Three political groups contested the elections—the SPPF, the DP, and the United Opposition (UO)--a coalition of three smaller political parties, including Parti Seselwa. Two other smaller opposition parties threw in their lot with the DP. All participating parties and international observer groups accepted the results as "free and fair." 
Three candidates contested the March 20–22, 1998 presidential election—Albert René, SPPF; James Mancham, DP; and Wavel Ramkalawan—and once again President René and his SPPF party won a landslide victory. The President's popularity in elections jumped to 66.6% in 1998 from 59.5% in 1993, while the SPPF garnered 61.7% of the total votes cast in the 1998 National Assembly election, compared to 56.5% in 1993.
In 1999, Mancham switched to the centrist liberal Seychelles National Party (SNP) which emerged as the major opposition party, losing to the SPPF in 2002 with 42% of the vote. In 2004, René turned the presidency over to his former vice president and long-time comrade, James Michel. Michel won the 2006 presidential elections against SNP leader Wavel Ramkalawan with 53.5% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19278828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278828" title="Nils Hansteen">
Nils Hansteen

Nils Severin Lynge Hansteen (1855–1912) was a Norwegian painter.
Nils Hansteen was born in Mo i Rana, in the county of Nordland, Norway. He attended the painting school of Knud Bergslien from 1873 and Peder Thurmann Cappelen (1874–1975). He later studied under Hans Gude in Karlsruhe from 1876 to 1877. He then lived in Munich (1877–1880), Italy (1880–1881) and Copenhagen (1887–1892).
He was known principally as a landscape and marine painter.
He painted in a naturalistic style, with motifs from marine and forest environments. Two of his paintings are owned by the National Gallery of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19278829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278829" title="Croix-de-Feu">
Croix-de-Feu

Croix-de-Feu ("Cross of Fire") was a French league of the Interwar period, led by Colonel François de la Rocque (1885–1946). After it was dissolved, as were all other leagues during the Popular Front period (1936–38), de la Rocque replaced it with the "Parti social français" (PSF).
Beginnings (1927-1930).
The "Croix-de-Feu" were primarily a group of veterans of the First World War — those who had been awarded the "Croix de guerre 1914-1918". It was founded on 26 November 1927 by Maurice d'Hartoy, who led it until 1929; the honorary presidency was awarded to writer Jacques Péricard. Also in 1929, the movement acquired its own newspaper, "Le Flambeau". At its creation, the movement was subsidized by wealthy perfumer François Coty, who supported Mussolini, and hosted in "Le Figaro"'s building. 
It benefited from the Roman Catholic Church's 1926 proscription of the "Action Française" which prohibited practicing Catholics from supporting the latter. Many conservative Catholics became members of the Croix-de-Feu instead, including Jean Mermoz and the young François Mitterrand.
Under La Rocque (1930-1936).
Under Lieutenant colonel François de La Rocque, who took over in 1930, the Croix-de-Feu took their independence from François Coty, leaving the "Figaro"'s building for the "rue de Milan" (Milan Street) in Paris. It organized popular demonstrations in reaction to the Stavisky Affair, hoping to overthrow the Second "Left-wing Coalition" government. De la Rocque quickly became a hero of the far right, opposed to the influences of Socialism and "hidden Communism", but skeptical about becoming counterrevolutionary.
Under de la Rocque, the movement advocated a military effort against the "German danger," supporting corporatism and an alliance between Capital and Labour. It enlarged its base, creating a number of secondary associations, thus including non-veterans in its ranks. To counter the monarchist "Action française" and its slogan "Politique d'abord!" (First Politics!), de la Rocque invented the motto "Social d'abord!" (First Social!). In his book, "Le Service Public" (Public Service, published in November 1934), he argued in favour of a reform of parliamentary procedures; cooperation between industries according to their branches of activities; a minimum wage and paid holidays; women's right to vote (also upheld by the monarchist Action française, who considered that women, often devout, would be more favorable to their conservative thesis), etc. The Croix-de-Feu and its satellite organizations gradually took on momentum, reaching 500 members in 1928, 60,000 end of 1933, 150,000 in the months following the 6 February 1934 riots and 400,000 end of 1935. In November 1937 the number of 700,000 members was mentioned in a German journal.
The Croix-de-Feu did not participate to the 1932 demonstrations organized by the Action française and the far-right leagues "Jeunesses Patriotes" against the payment of the debt to the United States. It did take part in the massive rally of 6 February 1934 which led to the toppling of the Second "Cartel des gauches" (Left-Wing Coalition), but de la Rocque refused to engage in rioting (although parts of the Croix-de-Feu disagreed with him). They had circled the seat of the parliament (the Palais Bourbon), and remained grouped, several hundreds meters away from the others rioting leagues. As one of the most important paramilitary associations, and because of its nationalist position, the Croix-de-Feu and de la Rocque were considered by the left to be among the most dangerous of the imitators of Mussolini and Hitler. However, as a result of de la Roque's actions during the riots, they subsequently lost prestige among the far-right, before being dissolved by the Popular Front government on 18 June 1936.
The Parti Social Français (1936-1940).
François de la Rocque then formed the French Social Party (PSF) as a successor to the dissolved league. Moderate estimates place the membership for the PSF at 500,000 in the buildup to World War II — making it the first French conservative mass party ; although its slogan "Travail, Famille, Patrie" ("Work, Family, Fatherland") was later used by Vichy France to replace the Republican slogan "Liberté, Egalité, Fraternité", the party had remained eclectic. The party disappeared with the Fall of France, without being able to profit from the immense popularity.
During World War II.
During the occupation of France, La Rocque joined the Resistance but was nonetheless the subject of considerable controversy immediately after the war.
Political heritage.
The Parti Social Français (PSF) of François de La Rocque was the first major conservative party in France (1936–1940). He advocated a presidential regime to end the instability of the parliamentary regime, an economic system founded upon "organised professions" (corporatism), and a social legislation inspired by Social Christianity.
Historians now consider that he paved the way to the French Christian democratic parties: the post-war Popular Republican Movement (MRP) and the Gaullist Rally for France.
Continuing debate over the Croix-de-Feu.
Some historians have argued that the Croix-de-Feu were a distinctly French variant of the European Fascist movement: if the uniformed rightist "Leagues" of the 1930s did not develop into classical Fascism, it was because they represented a shading from conservative right-wing nationalism to extremist fascism, in membership and ideology, distinctive to French inter-war society. 
Most contemporary French historians (René Rémond, Pierre Milza, François Sirinelli in particular) do not classify the "leagues" of the 30s as a native "French Fascism", particularly the Croix-de-Feu. The organisation is described by Rémond as completely secret in aims with an ideology "As vague as possible." Rémond, most famous and influential of these post-war historians, distinguishes "Reaction" and the far-right from revolutionary Fascism as an import into France which had few takers. In the 1968 third edition of ""La droite en France"", his major work he defines fascism in Europe as a "revolt of the "declasses", a movement of those on half-pay, civilian and military. Everywhere it came to power through social upheavals ... Although with a handful of fascists 1930s France, there was a minority of reactionaries and a great majority of conservatives." Amongst these he places much smaller groups like the Faisceau, a tiny minority compared with the Croix-de-Feu, whose membership peaked at over a million. 
Israeli historian Zeev Sternhell, on the other hand, has argued for not only the existence of a native French fascism, but for groups like the Cercle Proudhon of the nineteen-teens being amongst the more important ideological breeding grounds of the movement. He, though, does not include the Croix de Feu in this category: "The 'centrist' right always had its own shock troops that served its own purposes, and took good care that they did not become confused with the fascists." Sternhell, interested in the Fascism as a "anti-material revision of Marxism" or an anti-capitalist, cultish, corporatist extreme nationalism, points out that groups like the Jeunesses Patriotes, the revived Ligue des Patriotes and the Croix de Feu were derided by French fascists at the time. Fascist leaders in France saw themselves as destroyers of the old order, above politics, and rejecting the corruption of capitalism. To them the Leagues were a bulwark of this corrupt regime. Robert Brasillach called them "old cuckolds of the right, these eternal deceived husbands of politics.." and claimed that "the enemies of national restoration are not only on the left but first and foremost on the right." 
Other scholars, such as Robert Soucy and William D. Irvine, argue that the La Rocque and the Croix de Feu were, in fact, fascist, and a particularly "French" fascism. De la Rocque, however, if tempted by a paramilitary aesthetic and initially advocating collaboration with the Germans during WWII, finally came out against the more radical supporters of Nazi Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19278838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278838" title="Emmanuelle 2">
Emmanuelle 2

Emmanuelle 2 is a 1975 French softcore erotica film directed by Francis Giacobetti, and starring Sylvia Kristel. The screenplay was written by Bob Elia and Francis Giacobetti, based on novel "Emmanuelle: The Joys of a Woman" by Emmanuelle Arsan. The music score is by Pierre Bachelet and Francis Lai.
Plot.
As the film begins, Emmanuelle is travelling by ship to join her husband, Jean, in Hong Kong. To her annoyance there are no cabins available and she has to sleep in an all-female dorm. During the night, she is awakened by the girl in the neighboring bunk, who tells her that she is afraid of sleeping in a room full of women because she was raped by three Filipino girls while at boarding school in Macao - she concludes by confessing that she enjoyed it. Emmanuelle recognizes this as an invitation and the two women have sex.
Arriving in Hong Kong, Emmanuelle is reunited with Jean and, after a couple of attempts, manage to have passionate reunion sex. Emmanuelle slips into the life of the Hong Kong expat community. She becomes friends with Anna Maria, the young stepdaughter of one of Jean's lovers. The two swap sexual confidences and Anna Maria is forced to admit that she is still a virgin. Emmanuelle schemes to remedy this.
Over the course of the film, Emmanuelle has a series of sexual encounters. She has sex with Anna Maria's dance teacher and with a tattooed man in the locker room of the polo club. She experiences vivid sexual fantasies during an acupuncture session and also masquerades as a prostitute in a notorious Hong Kong brothel, where she has sex with a group of sailors (told in flashback to Jean). Together with Jean and Anna Maria she visits a bath-house, where they have steamy, full body contact massages from a trio of Thai woman.
Emmanuelle, Jean, and Anna Maria take a trip to Bali. When Jean emerges from the shower that night he finds Emmanuelle and Anna Maria waiting for him on the bed. Emmanuelle undresses Anna Maria and makes love to her, before sitting back and smiling approvingly while Jean takes the young woman's virginity.

</doc>
<doc id="19278848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278848" title="European decency threshold">
European decency threshold

The Social Charter initially defined what many UK campaigning groups termed the Council of Europe decency threshold in the 1960s as 68% of average earnings within a national economy. The definition was modified to that of 60% of net earnings () in order to take account of the difficulties experienced in taking into account initiatives such as redistributive tax systems when calculating adequate incomes. 
There are a number of anomalies between the previous use of this threshold by UK campaigning groups and the way in which it is understood by the Secretariat of the European Social Charter. The exact origins of the term 'Council of Europe Decency Threshold' are vague, but it is said to be an incorrect term as the Council of Europe did not create it. It is therefore now more commonly referred to as the 'European Social Charter Adequate Remuneration Threshold' or ESCART.
Many pressure groups in the UK used the original method of calculation to call for a higher minimum wage. Before its closure, the Low Pay Unit used this threshold in campaigning in addition to calling for a minimum wage of half male median earnings, rising to 2/3 over the next few years. However, it (like many other organisations) had expressed reservations about the usefulness of the Threshold following the move to a definition of 60% of net average earnings, primarily because this was a far lower monetary amount than the Threshold as previously defined.
The Scottish Low Pay Unit, an independent organisation with similar aims to the now-defunct London based Low Pay Unit, continue to campaign for a higher National Minimum Wage in this way although they do not use the ESCART due to difficulties in obtaining accurate net earnings figures for the UK. They have also produced a briefing outlining the advantages and disadvantages of the calculation.

</doc>
<doc id="19278859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278859" title="Olivier Besancenot">
Olivier Besancenot

Olivier Besancenot (); born 18 April 1974) is a French far left political figure and trade unionist, and the founding main spokesperson of the New Anticapitalist Party ("Nouveau parti anticapitaliste", NPA) from 2009 to 2011.
He was a candidate for the 2007 French presidential election, for the "Ligue communiste révolutionnaire" (LCR), the French section of the Fourth International. He gained 1.2 million votes, 4.25%, standing as a revolutionary socialist in the 2002 presidential elections. In the first round of the 2007 presidential election, Besancenot received 4.08% of the vote, just short of 1.5 million votes, placing him fifth and eliminating him from the race.
In May 2011, Besancenot announced that he would not be standing in the 2012 presidential election. He was succeeded as main spokesperson of the NPA by Myriam Martin, who later left the NPA to found Gauche Anticapitaliste (Anticapitalist Left), and Christine Poupin, joined by Philippe Poutou who was the NPA presidential candidate in 2012.
Biography.
Olivier Besancenot was born on 18 April 1974 in Levallois-Perret in the Hauts-de-Seine region. His father, Michel Besancenot, was a teacher and his mother a psychologist at a school. 
He studied history at , gaining a degree in contemporary history. Since 1997 he has worked as a postal carrier in Neuilly-sur-Seine, a suburb of Paris, and is often dismissed by his right-wing opponents as "The Red Postman."
Stance.
Along with Alain Krivine and Roseline Vachetta, Besancenot was one of three spokespersons for the "Ligue communiste révolutionnaire" (LCR), a far left political party which is the French section of the reunified Fourth International, an international Trotskyist group.
Besancenot, however, eschews the Trotskyist label:
Political life.
Besancenot's engagement in left-wing politics started early. He joined the Revolutionary Communist Youth ("Jeunesses communistes révolutionnaires", or JCR) in 1988 when he was fourteen.
When at university studying for his history "licence" he formed a branch of the Confédération générale du travail trade union in the supermarket, Shopi, where he worked. 
In 1991 he joined the LCR. Since 1997 he has been a member of the Sud-PTT trade union. He took a break from his job at the postal services in 1999 and 2000 to serve as a parliamentary attaché to Alain Krivine in the European Parliament.
In 2001 and 2002, he participated in the World Social Forum at Porto Alegre.
He gained national prominence when he stood for the 2002 French presidential election. At twenty-eight, he was the youngest presidential candidate in the country's history. Standing on a revolutionary socialist platform he gained 1.3 million votes, 4.25% of the total. Among voters under the age of 25 he gained 13.9 percent, beating Lionel Jospin and Jean-Marie Le Pen. In the run-up to the second round of voting, Besancenot urged voters to ensure that the far-right Le Pen did not gain power, by re-electing Jacques Chirac, despite his own misgivings about Chirac's political positions.
Besancenot ran again for the 2007 presidential election.
Besancenot slogan throughout the campaign was "Nos vies valent plus que leurs profits" ("Our lives are worth more than their profits"); and he campaigned for redistribution of wealth, an increase in the minimum wage, prohibition of layoffs for profitable companies, and taxation of profits from capital speculation. He stood for political and electoral independence of the anti-capitalist left from the Socialist Party ("Parti Socialiste", PS) and against its participation in a centre-left government. Besancenot was endorsed by British filmmaker Ken Loach, known for depictions of working-class struggles. His campaign's closing rally, in Paris, was attended by 4,000, the largest meeting organised by the LCR or its predecessors since 1968. Besancenot gained 1,498,581 votes or 4.08%, around 300,000 votes more than 2002. He is the first in votes and in dominant position among candidates to the left of the Socialist Party's candidate, Ségolène Royal. For the second round of the elections, Besancenot, after calling for participation stated that "On 6 May, we will be on the side of those who want to prevent Nicolas Sarkozy from attaining the presidency of the republic. It is not a matter of supporting Ségolène Royal but voting against Nicolas Sarkozy.", fighting the Right in the street as well as at the ballot boxes. After the victory of Sarkozy in the second round, Besancenot and LCR call for "a united front of all the social and democratic forces [...] to organise a response faced to the extreme neoliberal and repressive programme of Sarkozy."
This led, in June 2008, to the launching of the New Anticapitalist Party ("Nouveau parti anticapitaliste", NPA), intended to unify the parties and movements of the far left. The party aims to field its first electoral candidates at the 2009 EU parliamentary elections. Whilst plans were being put in place for the formation of this party, Besancenot was able to capitalise on the infighting occurring in the PS in the summer of 2008, as its members prepared to convene at La Rochelle for their annual party leadership contest. His popularity continued to increase, as he remonstrated the PS for focusing its attention on him, and not the incumbent president, Sarkozy. Besancenot told French TV, a medium in which he found himself in greater demand, that, "It's up to the population to get there a revolution one way or another"; he also told a LCR conference that the left had been failing in its opposition. One poll showed Besancenot's approval rating to be at 47%, far exceeding two of the main candidates for the PS leadership, Royal (35%) and François Hollande (31%). It was suggested in some media that, were Besancenot and the NPA to convert their popularity into votes (gaining up to a 7 or 8 per cent share), a splintering of the left-wing in France between Marxists and pro-marketeers, similar to that which occurred at the 2002 presidential elections, could happen.
The "Besancenot affair".
In October 2008, seven people—including the leader of the Taser France company, the two leaders of a private detective agency, two police officers, a retired police officer, a customs officer and one other person—were arrested and charged with several offences related to their having allegedly spied on Besancenot and his family, including the illicit divulging of information on his private life, the violation of professional secrecy and "fraudulent access to automated data processing systems". They were accused of having spied on them between October 2007 and January 2008. The "Besancenot affair", as it was called, received significant media attention. "Libération" commented, the day before the charges were confirmed: "A businessman who sells weapons to the Ministry of the Interior arrested, that's very disorderly. Particularly when he may be suspected of having had one of the most prominent politicians tailed by a private company directed by a former police officer."

</doc>
<doc id="19278866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278866" title="Douglas Milmine">
Douglas Milmine

The Rt Rev Douglas Milmine CBE was the Bishop of Paraguay from 1973 to 1985. Born in 1921, educated at St Peter's Hall, Oxford and ordained in 1947, he began his career with Curacies at "St Peter and St James, Ilfracombe" and "St Paul’s Slough". In 1954 he emigrated to South America where he served the Church in Chile, Bolivia, and Peru and finally (until his elevation to the Episcopate) as Archdeacon of North Chile, Bolivia and Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="19278870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278870" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 36 (1996)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 36 (1996)

Ballot Measure 36 of 1996 increased the U.S. state of Oregon's minimum wage from $4.75 to $6.50 over a three-year period. The measure was approved by voters in the 5 November 1996 general election, with 769,725 votes in favor and 584,303 votes against. The measure was placed on the ballot as a result of initiative petition.
Proponents of the measure included labor unions, the Oregon State Council of Senior Citizens and some religious groups. They argued that the previous minimum wage was not a living wage, and that many minimum wage earners were trying to support families – see family wage.
Opponents included businesses that employ minimum wage earners, among others. They argued that increasing the minimum wage would increase consumer prices, and increase unemployment as employers would be able to hire fewer workers. They also pointed out that the U.S. Congress had just passed a (smaller) increase to the federal minimum wage.
In 2002, voters passed Measure 25, which again increased the minimum wage. Measure 25 also tied future minimum wage increases to inflation.

</doc>
<doc id="19278886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278886" title="Fuxi Fuchsberger">
Fuxi Fuchsberger

Franz (Fuxi) Fuchsberger (born Tamsweg, Austria) is an Austrian skier. He started skiing at the age of six.
After successfully completing his ski instructors' exam for full certification at the Sports Government Institute in St. Christoph, Austria, Fuchsberger moved to the United States and worked as a ski instructor at Boyne Mountain, Michigan during the 1983-84 season. He later moved to Big Sky, Montana, where he was introduced to the sport of Powder 8 skiing by Hans Schernthaner, a fellow ski instructor. 
In 1987, he relocated to Vail, Colorado, where he taught skiing during the Colorado winter season while teaching in Australia and South America during the U.S. summer season.

</doc>
<doc id="19278930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278930" title="Koolhoven F.K.30">
Koolhoven F.K.30

__NOTOC__
The Koolhoven F.K.30 Toerist was a small sport aircraft built in the Netherlands in 1927, intended for use by aeroclubs. The fuselage carried the pilot and one passenger in tandem in a bathtub-like open cockpit. The cantilever parasol wing was mounted above and behind them, with the main wheels of the fixed undercarriage directly below the wing, at the sides of the fuselage. The engine, driving a pusher propeller, was mounted on the aircraft centerline at the aft portion of the wing. The conventional empennage was carried on a boom extending below the propeller arc. The wing, including engine, was designed so that it could be pivoted 90° while on the ground, allowing the aircraft to be stored and transported more easily.
Koolhoven had designed the F.K.30 for Nationale Vliegtuig Industrie, but when the company folded, he built it as the first product of his own company. The aircraft failed to attract the interest of buyers, however, and only the single prototype was constructed, with Koolhoven himself the only person to fly it. It was eventually sold to Clifford B. Harmon, president of the International League of Aviators, but when Harmon failed to take possession, the aircraft was scrapped. 

</doc>
<doc id="19278957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278957" title="Te Regalo Amores">
Te Regalo Amores

"Te Regalo Amores" "(English: I'll Give You Love)" is a song by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo R.K.M & Ken-Y from their second studio album "" (2008). It was written by Jose Nieves and Kenny Vazquez, produced by Mambo Kingz, and released as the second single from the album on August 26, 2008. A remix version with Ivy Queen was recorded and also included on the album. The song is a mixture of Cumbia and Merengue to create a lighter Latin pop sound.
The song's accompanying music video was released on September 26, 2008. It featured a novela type setting and plot. The music video to remix version was released on November 26, 2008. It features Ivy Queen, as she appears and performs her verses. The song remains the best-selling single by R.K.M & Ken-Y on the iTunes store.
Song information and composition.
"Te Regalo Amores" was written by Jose Nieves and Kenny Vazquez, the duo known artistically as R.K.M & Ken-Y. It was produced by the Puerto Rican reggaetón production duo Mambo Kingz who also produced "Come On", "Puedo Reír", "Presiento", "Cuerpo Sensual", "Si Tú Me Amaras", and "Noche de Dos (Ven)" from the album. The song is a blend of Cumbia and Merengue to form a more lighter Latin pop sound.
Release and chart performance.
"Te Regalo Amores" was released on August 26, 2008 by Pina Records. On the "Billboard" Latin Rhythm Airplay chart, the song debuted at #17 on the week of September 20, 2008. It reached #1 for the week of November 22, 2008 replacing "Dime" by Ivy Queen after her eight week reign, but was later succeeded by "Dime" a few weeks later. On the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart, the song debuted at #23 on the week of November 22, 2008 and peaked #15 for the week of December 27, 2008. On the "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart, the song debuted at #37 and was labeled as "Hot Shot Debut" for the week of September 27, 2008, and peaked at #2 on the week of January 3, 2009. "No Me Doy Por Vencido" by Luis Fonsi kept "Te Regalo Amores" from obtaining the #1 spot. This was R.K.M & Ken-Y's first single to enter the Hot Latin Songs chart since "Lloraras" in June 2007. On the "Billboard" Latin Pop Airplay chart, the song debuted at #36 on the week of October 11, 2008 and peaked at #5 for the week of January 3, 2009. On the "Billboard" Latin Tropical Airplay chart, the song debuted at #38 on the week of September 27, 2008. It reached #1 for the week of January 3, 2009 replacing "En Aquel Luga" by Adolescent's Orquesta and was later succeeded by Aventura for "Por Un Segundo".
Critical reception.
On the review for the album, Jason Birchmeier of AllMusic commented, On "El Duo Romantico"'s second album, Ken-Y is given much of the spotlight, no surprise given his exceptional popularity. For instance, on the album's standout single, the cumbia-styled "Te Regalo Amores," R.K.M. isn't even heard from until over two minutes into the song, when he breaks into a brief verse that lasts less than 20 seconds and is obscured by a keyboard melody that appears out of nowhere and is so high in the mix, it essentially relegates his rap to background noise. As evidence that not all is fair in the world of R.K.M. & Ken-Y, featured guest Ivy Queen fares better on the album-closing remix of "Te Regalo Amores," where she gets around 30 seconds for her verse and doesn't have to compete with a keyboard melody. According to Hispanic Television, the remix with Ivy Queen is a classic. At the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers Latin awards, the song received an award for Urban Song of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="19278961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278961" title="Gary Miller (computer scientist)">
Gary Miller (computer scientist)

Gary Lee Miller is a professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, United States. In 2003 he won the ACM Paris Kanellakis Award (with three others) for the Miller–Rabin primality test. He was made an ACM Fellow in 2002 and won the Knuth Prize in 2013.
Miller received his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1975 under the direction of Manuel Blum. His Ph.D. thesis was titled "Riemann's Hypothesis and Tests for Primality".
Apart from computational number theory and primality testing, he has worked in the areas of computational geometry, scientific computing, parallel algorithms and
randomized algorithms. Among his Ph.D. students are Susan Landau, Tom Leighton, Shang-Hua Teng, and Jonathan Shewchuk.

</doc>
<doc id="19278981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278981" title="Quad-Ominos">
Quad-Ominos

Quad-Ominos is a game published by Pressman beginning in 1978. It is permanently out of production but generally available on the secondhand market. It is similar in theory to Triominoes but uses a set of four-sided square tiles. The object of the game, as with many domino-type games, is to rid one's hand of tiles by placing them all on the board.
Tiles.
Each tile is made of a stamp-molded polystyrene plastic, colored white or cream, and is approximately 1" square with rounded corners, and approximately 1/4" deep. Each tile has four numbers, one on each corner, painted in brown or black. The numbers normally have a raised relief; the tile's numbers can, with skill, be discerned by touch. The backs of the tiles are hollowed out, unlike most other tilesets like dominoes and triominoes.
The numbers range from 0 to 5, and each tile contains a unique combination of four numbers (with replacement). There are 125 tiles in the set; the number of possible combinations of 6 values taken 4 at a time with repetition is formula_1, but the tile with combination "0245" is absent from the set.
The numbers on each tile are placed in one of several arrangements; the most common is a clockwise or counter-clockwise arrangement in ascending order. The tile with the unique combination "0224" might look like:
Gameplay.
The game begins with all tiles turned face-down (alternately they can be placed in a bag); they are then shuffled (or the bag shaken) and each player picks a number of tiles:
Each player's tiles are laid on-edge facing towards the player.
Play begins with the highest "quad" (tile where all four corner values are the same); if no such tile was drawn, play begins with the highest-value tile drawn (the tile with the highest total of corner values). That tile is laid down in the center of the table, the player scores the sum of the corner indices, and if this tile was a quad, the player gets their choice of a 25-point bonus or the opportunity to play 2 additional tiles, scoring their values as well. If the player with the starting tile also has the "quad-zero" tile (with zeroes in all four corners), he may choose to play that, and take both the 25-point bonus and the opportunity to play 2 additional tiles.
In turn, players then lay one tile each per turn with at least one side of the tile contacting the side of another tile already played, and score points equal to the sum of the corner indices on that tile. A tile can only be played to a position on the board if the numbers at its corners match those of adjacent tiles. Adjacent tiles are tiles immediately contacting any of the played tile's 4 sides, and any tiles in the four diagonal directions (even if there is no tile contacting either side forming that corner). A tile must be laid orthoganally to at least one other tile (directly adjacent with one side completely contacting the side of the other tile); a tile cannot only be diagonally adjacent to other tiles. A valid play must match at least two numbers, but may match three or all four.
If a tile is placed such that more than two of its numbers match tiles on the board, the player placing the tile gets the option of adding a 25-point bonus to their score, or playing two additional tiles. If the player chooses to place bonus tiles, a bonus tile can be placed such that it would also match more than two numbers. The instructions for the Pressman game do not specify if a bonus tile can trigger an additional bonus; they "do" specify that if a player "cannot" play two additional tiles, their only option is to take the bonus.
If a player cannot make any play on their turn with the tiles in their hand, they must draw tiles one at a time from the boneyard (called the "well" in the instructions). For each tile drawn this way, the player incurs a 20-point penalty. If a player cannot play and the well is empty, they take a single 20-point penalty and must pass.
Winning.
A player wins a single round by being first to play all tiles in his hand to the board. All other players then count up the total value of the remaining tiles in their hand, those totals are summed and the winner receives those additional points. The first player to reach an overall score of 800 points wins the game. The threshold could be any number of points; 800 is from Pressman's rules.

</doc>
<doc id="19278982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278982" title="Televisió de Manresa">
Televisió de Manresa

Televisió de Manresa ("Television of Manresa" in English) (TVM) is one of the local television stations in Manresa, Bages, Catalonia, Spain.
It has existed in the city for many years, though with different names and owners. Currently it operates regionally. It is the leader of television in the Bages "comarca", and forms a part of the "Grup Regió7" (Group Region7 in English) communications group in central Catalonia (Bages, Anoia, Solsonès, Osona ...). The station possesses the technical means as well as the equipment to offer quality television with air time twenty-four hours a day. It forms a part of the XTVL ("Xarxa de Televisions Locals", Local Television Network in English).
Its slogan is La tele de casa ("Home TV" in English).
Programs.
As of September 2008 it offers the following programs: 

</doc>
<doc id="19278987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278987" title="Variational integrator">
Variational integrator

Variational integrators are numerical integrators for Hamiltonian systems derived from the Euler-Lagrange equations of a discretized Hamilton's principle. Variational integrators are momentum-preserving and symplectic.
Derivation of a Simple Variational Integrator.
Consider a mechanical system with a single particle degree of freedom described by the Lagrangian 
where formula_2 is the mass of the particle, and formula_3 is a potential. To construct a variational integrator for this system, we begin by forming the discrete Lagrangian. The discrete Lagrangian approximates the action for the system over a short time interval:
Here we have chosen to approximate the time integral using the trapezoid method, and we use a linear approximation to the trajectory,
between formula_6 and formula_7, resulting in a constant velocity formula_8. Different choices for the approximation to the trajectory and the time integral give different variational integrators. The order of accuracy of the integrator is controlled by the accuracy of our approximation to the action; since 
our integrator will be second-order accurate.
Evolution equations for the discrete system can be derived from a stationary-action principle. The discrete action over an extended time interval is a sum of discrete Lagrangians over many sub-intervals:
The principle of stationary action states that the action is stationary with respect to variations of coordinates that leave the endpoints of the trajectory fixed. So, varying the coordinate formula_11, we have 
Given an initial condition formula_13, and a sequence of times formula_14 this provides a relation that can be solved for formula_15. The solution is 
We can write this in a simpler form if we define the discrete momenta,
and
Given an initial condition formula_19, the stationary action condition is equivalent to solving the first of these equations for formula_11, and then determining formula_21 using the second equation. This evolution scheme gives 
and 
This is a leapfrog integration scheme for the system; two steps of this evolution are equivalent to the formula above for formula_15

</doc>
<doc id="19278999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19278999" title="Amada García">
Amada García

Amada García Rodriguez (Mugardos, 1911 – Ferrol, 1938) was a Galician Communist activist. She lived in the Galician village of Mugardos. She arrested when she was pregnant and was shot after she gave birth with other seven people at St Philip's Castle by Francist military elements who took part in the coup against the republican government.
Woman, young and communist activist.
Amada García was a Communist Party young activist in Mugardos, near Ferrol, in Galicia. Enrolled in politics, she took part in political meetings and in other activities ordinarily not carried out by women, and this caused a shocking effect in the most reactionary groups in the village in the 1930s.
Coup d'etat and repression.
In 1936, under Franco's leadership, falangists and military fascists access to power in Galicia (not yet in all Spain) by means of a coup and they imposed a heavy repression, especially hard in Ferrol region. Several hundred people died and went missing here with no trial or with a sham trial done to punish political activities.
Arrest and death of Amada García.
Amada was arrested when she was pregnant. Thereby, the court-martial and subsequent execution was delayed until after birth. Waiting for this moment, she was imprisoned in Women's Prison in Ferrol. After that, she was taken to St Phillip's Castle, military prison in Ferrol bay shore. There she was shot, two days after she gave birth, by a firing squad in January 1938, with other seven persons, at a castle wall: Juan José Teixeiro Leira, José Maria Montero Martínez, Ángel Roldos Gelpi e Antonio Eitor Caniça, from Mugardos; Ramón Rodrigues Lopes e Jaime Gonçales Peres, from Ares; and Germán Lopes García, from Cabanas.
The court-martial was covered with irregularities: false testimony signed without knowing by illiterate witness, and death threats and fines to the witness for the defence. Oral sources said that there was a solidarity movement among the prisoners in order to avoid the young activist execution, and even the soldiers had to shoot twice, because they missed with the first volley. She still stood and the officer ordered, very angry, to shoot the woman, who fell fatally wounded.
Amada García in Galician historical memory.
Her daughter became a nun, and her minor son, Gabriel, was initially given to his father, but finally he was brought up by three very catholic aunts. Amada's sister shut up in the Eiris Monastery, and a good mother's friend, Maria José Leira, condemned to death, left Galicia after a commutation. She was condemned for embroidering a communist flag, and his husband, a school-teacher, had been executed a short time before.
Nowadays, Amada's son, Gabriel, pays a visit to the wall of the castle where his mother was executed. He continues to denounce the execution of his mother. He also works to spread awareness of his mother's story, and the political lack of commitment to the victims of fascism in Galicia.

</doc>
