<doc id="19387981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19387981" title="Charles B. Aycock High School">
Charles B. Aycock High School

Charles B. Aycock High School (CBA) is a public high school in Wayne County, North Carolina, United States, that opened in 1961. The school’s physical address is Pikeville, North Carolina. This area of North Carolina is near the birthplace of Governor Charles Brantley Aycock. During Governor Aycock’s term, he advocated improving North Carolina’s public schools. Even after his term as governor, he continued to work on the improvement of schools in the country. It is because of Governor Aycock’s passion for public education that the school got its name.
Description.
Mission Statement.
The school’s Mission Statement is as follows:
"Charles B. Aycock High School will develop competent graduates with a positive self esteem and a desire for life long learning in an ever-changing society. This will be attained with a nurturing, motivated, competent staff; a relevant, rigorous curriculum; and a safe, orderly, positive environment."
Colors and Mascot.
The school colors are carolina blue, gold, and white. The mascot for all school sponsored sports teams is the Golden Falcon.
Students Accepted.
Charles B. Aycock is a public high school, so anyone residing within the school district is eligible to go to the school. Students typically enter this high school from Norwayne Middle School. The school offers classes for grades 9 through 12.
Location.
Charles B. Aycock High School can be found just between the two small towns of Fremont and Pikeville, in the northern part of Wayne County, North Carolina. The school’s physical address is: 
Population.
The school’s enrollment is just above 1300 students, and the number of students enrolled is growing continually each year. Each of the four grades taught in the high school has approximately 300 students. The school’s population continues to increase because the area has recently seen a growth in population. The recent growth spurt in the area has put an obvious strain on the school. CBA is currently dealing with overcrowding issues. The school has built 13 mobile classrooms as a temporary solution to the lack of classrooms inside the current building. There are approximately 10 teachers who do not have a classroom of their own, and 11 homerooms are held in the gym and cafeteria to accommodate the very large student population.
Improvements.
The county has approved twenty-two million dollars for construction and renovation of schools within Wayne County. This money will be divided among the schools with the most need. Also, the Wayne County School Board is addressing the highest drop-out rate in the county here at CBA.
Activities.
Academics.
There are several nationally credited teachers on staff at CBA. Each of the award-winning department heads is highly requested and brings in high test grades.
Sports.
The school offers a variety of sports to its students. Sports offered include: soccer, tennis, wrestling, baseball, volleyball, cross country, track and field, and swimming. Most teams require the student to: try out, go to all practices, and maintain acceptable grades in all classes.
The coaches of Charles B. Aycock sports are selective in their team members. A high level of athletic ability is called for in most of the school's sports teams.
Clubs.
Charles B. Aycock High School offers several student clubs. Most clubs are run and operated by students. However, a supervising teacher with some knowledge of the field is required to attend all club meetings. The school offers these clubs: JROTC, Art Club, DECA, FBLA, FCCLA, Photography Club, Model UN, HOSA, along with clubs for interest in Religion, Math, Science, History, English, and Foreign Language.
Band.
Charles B. Aycock High School offers a class for students interested in playing instruments. Interested students have the option to participate in the jazz band, marching band, or concert band. There is a summer camp offered for band members. The band has participated in many competitions.
The Golden Falcon Marching Band has won several awards in Music and Drumline despite being such a small band. The band is currently rated as a large 2A band. Every year the band participates in various parades, competitions, and all home football games. 
The Marching Falcon band is among the best in Wayne County, indeed, in all of North Carolina. The band experience is highly enjoyable and amusing. Participants acquire a sense of pride, dignity, and determination as they work and compete. Friendships are made, and a sense of family is established.
Theatre.
Charles B. Aycock High School has a very small theatre organization. The school currently only offers Theatre Arts I. The theatre program, along with band and vocals, is being rebuilt through the efforts of excellent band and theatre teachers.
Services.
Media Center.
The school's media center is open every school day between 7:30 am and 3:30 pm. Students are encouraged to check out books from the media center with their student ID. The media center houses several computers for student use. Students can look up where books are located within the library, study for tests, and do research on these computers.
The school’s policy on computer use is as follows:
"As outlined in the WCPS Student Acceptable Use of Technology Resources Policy 3225, the use of technology resources and Internet access is to support research and education and to extend the resources of Wayne County Public Schools. All use of technology must be in support of education, research or enrichment and be consistent with the intended purpose. All students must have a signed (by parent and student) Acceptable Use Agreement on file with the library media center before utilizing technology resources, effective 2008-2009 school year. Failure to abide by the agreement may result in termination of access. Refer to Board Policy 3225 for further information. Computers are located in the media center for class and independent student use before, during, and after school, pending availability."
Counseling.
The school offers counseling services. Students can make an appointment with a counselor for assistance with anything from school troubles to home life. The school offers: a nurse, a psychologist, a social worker, and three school counselors. The counselors offer help with signing up for SATs. They can write letters of recommendation, offer help with signing up for classes, and help students find financial aid.
Counseling Mission Statement.
The Mission Statement for the counseling program is as follows:
"The counseling program at Charles B. Aycock High School will provide services that enable students to develop life planning skills, responsible social skills, as well as demonstrate an understanding of the life-ling process of learning, growing, and changing to become contributing members of society."

</doc>
<doc id="19388009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388009" title="WAMIT">
WAMIT

WAMIT is a computer program for computing wave loads and motions of offshore structures in waves. It is based on the linear and second-order potential theory. The velocity potential is solved by means of boundary integral equation method, also known as panel method. WAMIT has the capability of representing the geometry of the structure by a higher-order method, whereby the potential is represented by continuous B-splines.
WAMIT was developed by researchers at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, hence the acronym WaveAnalysisMIT. Its first version was launced in 1987. In 1999, WAMIT, Inc. was founded by Chang-Ho Lee and J. Nicholas Newman. Consortiums are held annually to discuss applications and new capabilities of the program.

</doc>
<doc id="19388025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388025" title="Kikuyu Constituency">
Kikuyu Constituency

Kikuyu Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of eleven constituencies in Kiambu County. The constituency was established for the 1963 elections. From 1988 elections to 2002 elections it was known as Kabete Constituency. With the new demarcation of constituencies by the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC), the constituency was split into two and now we have Kikuyu Constituency and Kabete Constituency. 
Other constituencies within Kiambu county are; Limuru, Lari, Gatundu North, Gatundu South, Juja, Thika Town, Ruiru Githunguri, Kiambu and Kiambaa.

</doc>
<doc id="19388027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388027" title="Kabete Constituency">
Kabete Constituency

Kabete Constituency is an electoral constituency within Kiambu County in Kenya. According to the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC), the constituency is number 119 of 290 constituencies in Kenya. This constituency was split in 2012 in order to have Kikuyu Constituency and Kabete constituency which was previously one electoral area. The split was necessitated by the need to create better representation with the growth of population within the area.
The current Member of parliament for Kabete Constituency is Hon. George Mukuru Muchai. The constituency has a population of 140,427 and occupies an approximate area of 60.20 km2. It has five county assembly wards as indicated below:
County Assembly Wards in Kabete Constituency
"Reference"
http://softkenya.com/kabete-constituency/

</doc>
<doc id="19388044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388044" title="Fiona Kennedy">
Fiona Kennedy

Fiona Kennedy Clark, OBE, DL is a Scottish singer, actress, and broadcaster, and the daughter of Scottish and Gaelic singers Calum Kennedy and Anne Gillies. As a child, she appeared with her parents as they performed as a family, and this developed into a successful solo career.
Kennedy has moved on to other areas of entertainment, including film and theatre acting and TV and radio broadcasting. Her TV appearances include the 1971 series "The Witch's Daughter", "Sutherland's Law" and "Mauro the Gypsy", Sunday Special for Grampian TV in 1979/80, four series of "Record Breakers" on BBC1 and the New Year Show with Sir Trevor MacDonald. She also presented "Behind the Scenes at Monarch of the Glen". She has also appeared on BBC TV's "Songs of Praise" as a singer.
She had a role in the 1973 film "The Wicker Man", in which she played Holly.
Kennedy now presents television programmes about Scotland, Scottish life and history for American and Canadian consumption. Her daughter, Sophie Kennedy Clark, is a model and actress. She is also one of the soloists of the Celtic music group called Highland Heartbeat.
Kennedy was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2014 New Year Honours for services to music and for charitable services in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19388046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388046" title="Vratislav Mazák">
Vratislav Mazák

Vratislav Mazák (; June 22, 1937 – September 9, 1987) was a Czech biologist. He specialised in paleoanthropology, mammalogy and taxonomy, and he was also a painter, often illustrating his books about animals and men.
Born at Kutná Hora, he was a professor at the Charles University's Faculty of Science and also worked as a zoologist at the Prague National Museum. Along with Colin Groves, Mazák was the describer of "Homo ergaster". He also described the tiger subspecies "Panthera tigris corbetti".
He died in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="19388052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388052" title="Uche Agbo">
Uche Agbo

Career.
Agbo played for the Belgrade clubs FK Rad and FK Obilić in FR Yugoslavia before moving to clubs in France and Turkey. He played for Montpellier HSC in the French Ligue 1 during the 1997-98 season and Adanaspor in the Turkish Süper Lig during the 1998-99 season.
His name is occasionally spelled in sources as "Uceh Agbo" or "Uceh Agboh".

</doc>
<doc id="19388053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388053" title="Los Peñasquitos Lagoon">
Los Peñasquitos Lagoon

Los Peñasquitos Marsh Natural Preserve and Lagoon is a coastal marsh in San Diego County, California, USA situated at the northern edge of the City of San Diego, forming the natural border with Del Mar, California. The lagoon, previously called "The Soledad Lagoon", divides a colony of the endangered "Pinus torreyana" on a narrow coastal strip. The name "Los Peñasquitos" is Spanish for "The Little Cliffs".
Human impact.
For many years, the Los Peñasquitos Lagoon had evolved from a tidal estuary to a lagoon
that was closed to tidal action for long periods of time. Since becoming a part of the State Park System, there have been a number of changes that have increased the tidal action within the lagoon.
Railroad causeway.
In 1925, the Santa Fe Railroad built an single-track roadbed causeway embankment down the center of the lagoon, which still is in use today on a daily basis. This embankment severely restricted the normal historical lagoon drainage for the first time, and changed the tidal flow and current pattern.
Highway 101.
When the Pacific Coast Highway (U.S. Route 101 in California) was expanded in the 1930s, the roadbed along the beach was heightened, and a bridge was built over the mouth the lagoon. This bridge had many wooden pilings that easily got clogged with sand and debris, impacting the water transfer between the ocean and lagoon.
Sewage treatment effluent.
Over the years, at least three different waste water treatment plants have pumped their treating effluent into the lagoon. The Callan Treatment plant pumped per day during the 1950s; the Sorrento plant produced per day starting in 1962; and the Pomerado Waste Water Treatment Plant pumped treated sewage into the lagoon from 1962 to 1972.
North Beach Parking Lot.
The triangular North Beach Parking Lot was built in 1968. It accessible via Carmel Valley Road at McGonigle Road / Del Mar Scenic Parkway, and is bounded on three sides by the arch bridge at North Torrey Pines Road, the railroad causeway, and the lagoon's ocean inlet. According to LPL Foundation and the State Coastal Conservancy, this parking lot significantly altered the lagoon’s hydrology.
Restoration and preservation.
California State Parks.
The California Division of Parks and Recreation has designated the status of Los Peñasquitos Lagoon as a State Preserve, which has much more restricted access than the State Park designation. There is very limited public use of Los Peñasquitos Marsh Natural Preserve, with most of the area signed as "Do Not Enter". The California State Preserve status is granted to only the rarest and most fragile of the state owned lands.
The State Preserve covers the saltwater lagoon area of over adjacent to Torrey Pines State Beach and Torrey Pines State Reserve. An additional of marshland was added to this California State Parkland in 1987, when it was purchased from SDG&E for $2.25 million. SDG&E has originally purchased the land in 1966 as a possible site for a new nuclear power plant that was never built.
Los Peñasquitos Lagoon Enhancement Plan.
In 1985, the California Coastal Conservancy created the Los Peñasquitos Lagoon Enhancement Plan to deal with a number of human-caused problems. A lagoon management program is now in place to monitor water quality, manage the manual removal of sand and debris upon lagoon mouth closures, give oversight and recommendations for improved usage, and coordinate with other agencies to protect and restore the lagoon. The Los Peñasquitos Lagoon Foundation, formed in 1983, is 501 3(c) non-profit and is the management entity charged with implementing the enhancement plan in coordination with State Parks and the State Coastal Conservancy. More information on Los Peñasquitos Lagoon and its watershed, the Los Peñasquitos Lagoon Foundation (LPLF) and resource management within the lagoon and its watershed can be found at the following website: lospenasquitos.org
New bridge over lagoon mouth.
In 2005 a new bridge was built over the mouth of the lagoon, greatly enhancing the free-flowing transfer of the tidal currents. The new bridge replaced the existing bridge's 72 pilings with just four that support a much longer span across a larger mouth opening. This should greatly reduce the number of times the lagoon mouth closes completely, thus saving the costs of mechanical removal of sand by large earth-moving equipment.
This new bridge is sometimes called North Torrey Pines Bridge, although that same name is sometimes applied to the taller arch bridge immediately to its north. This lower bridge over the lagoon inlet was built by Flatiron and cost $9,628,750.
Pump Station 64.
The City of San Diego's waste water treatment and pumping stations have been improved and replaced over the years so that they do not pump treated effluent directly into the lagoon any more. Pump Station 64 is located in an industrial area at the very far upstream end of the lagoon, near the Sorrento Valley Coaster Station. The "notorious" Pump Station 64 has often malfunctioned and spilled millions of gallons of raw sewage directly into Los Penasquitos Lagoon, in fact between 1977 and 1986 there were 60 such spills. There were a number of improvements and fixes made, with a new $23 million facility being completed in 1988. This helped considerably in keeping the lagoon much cleaner once the new station came on-line, however there are still spills, with the most recent being on September 9, 2011 when an estimated of raw sewage was released due to a county-wide power outage.
Pump Station 64 is located at 10745 Roselle Street, San Diego, California, just east of Interstate 5.
Pump Station 65.
Pump Station 65 was rebuilt and relocated in 1996 to sit on the edge of the lagoon next to a now-closed portion of Sorrento Valley Road. Pump Station 65 is a modern building, and pumps an estimated per day south to Pump Station 64. The sewage lines and pumping station located in the lagoon area are slated for retirement. Pump Station 65 is planned to be relocated out of Los Peñasquitos Lagoon along with associated relocation and upgrading of major trunk sewers.
Pump Station 65 is located at 12112 Sorrento Valley Road, San Diego, California.
Closure of Sorrento Valley Road.
In 1996, the northernmost portion of Sorrento Valley Road skirting the very edge of the lagoon between Carmel Valley Road and Carmel Mountain Road was closed in order to build Pump Station 65. The road remained closed during the Interstate 5/805/56 interchange improvements, and on February 25, 2003, the San Diego City Council voted to permanently close it and convert the corridor to a bike path/multi-use trail. Closing the road has improved access to a wildlife corridor for deer, fox, coyote, bobcat and spotted skunk to enter and exit the Preserve.
Dangers.
West Nile Virus.
Los Peñasquitos Lagoon is one of the known breeding grounds in California of mosquitoes infected with the West Nile virus (WNV), a virus that originated in Uganda and arrived in California in 2003. The number of yearly incidents of WNV infection in San Diego County has been rising since 2008. The virus is often fatal to birds, which is the primary animal affected, but horses and humans have also died from it. One in five infected humans will show flu-like symptoms, and will sometimes require hospitalization for meningitis. In 2009 one boy developed flu-like symptoms and became delirious a few days after having had a picnic near Los Peñasquitos Lagoon, and needed to be hospitalized for WNV infection, presumably acquired by mosquito bite. Pickup trucks can sometimes be seen around the lagoon spraying for mosquitoes to prevent the spread of WNV.
Tick diseases.
Deer are found in the marsh area, such as along closed Sorrento Valley Road, and often carry ticks that are left behind on vegetation that can brush against hikers, whereupon the ticks are often inadvertently transferred to hikers. Ticks can carry Lyme disease or Tularemia (rabbit fever). Lyme disease, if left untreated, can cause heart and brain disorders, including paraplegia in severe cases, and Tularemia can lead to incapacitating fever and in rare cases death. The canyon on the west side of Interstate 5 between Genesee Avenue and Sorrento Valley Road is particularly abundant with ticks, and a sign on the Del Mar trail near Carmel Valley Road warns hikers that ticks are found along that trail. Fortunately, Lyme disease happens to be "quite rare" in San Diego County, unlike most other counties in California, and Lyme disease is usually treatable, especially if detected early.
Rattlesnakes.
Rattlesnakes are found throughout San Diego County, and a warning sign along the Marsh Trail reminds hikers that rattlesnakes are also found in the marsh area.
Mountain Lions.
Although mountain lions ("Felis concolor") are now rare in the Torrey Pines and Los Peñasquitos Lagoon area, likely as a result of habitat fragmentation, mountain lion tracks and scat were reported between Interstate 5's bridge and Los Peñasquitos Lagoon in 2000 by the Conservation Biology Institute in Encinitas. Mountain lions are relatively common in Los Peñasquitos Canyon Preserve
, which is only a few miles away and connected to Los Peñasquitos Lagoon by Los Peñasquitos Creek. Mountain lion attacks have occurred on dogs and humans in San Diego County, and have sometimes resulted in human fatalities.
Trails.
Although public access is forbidden in the central parts of the lagoon and marsh, there are about four trails that are near the marsh area that do not explicitly bar public use.
Marsh Trail.
The official name of this trail is simply Marsh Trail. It is unpaved on its west end and paved on its east end. It is shown on Google maps. Dogs and bicycles are prohibited. It skirts the southern edge of the wetland for 1.5 miles from North Torrey Pines Road and becomes Flintkote Avenue in Sorrento Valley, San Diego. The trailhead is across from the South Beach parking lot at Torrey Pines State Beach.
Closed section of Sorrento Valley Road.
Paved. Motor vehicles are prohibited, but bicycles and pedestrians are permitted. Bicycles are very common. It skirts the northern edge of the wetland from near the Park & Ride parking lot to near Pump Station 65. Both ends outside of the closed section are regularly used by motor vehicles.
Del Mar trail (unnamed).
Unpaved. Dogs are prohibited. Both trailheads are on Carmel Valley Road, one at the corner of McGonigle Road, and the other immediately west of Del Mar Car Service. The trail is relatively short, in a fairly dry area, and roughly follows the railroad causeway.
SR-56 Bike Route.
Paved. It is shown on Google maps as "56 Bike Trail". This lies on the east side of Interstate 5. It follows Carmel Creek and California State Route 56. Bicycles, horses, and pedestrians are permitted, but not motor vehicles. Bicycles are very common.

</doc>
<doc id="19388063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388063" title="Satino">
Satino

Satino may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19388068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388068" title="Florida Photographic Collection">
Florida Photographic Collection

The Florida Photographic Collection is a nationally recognized component of the State Archives of Florida and contains over a million images, and over 6,000 movies and video tapes. Over 150,000 of the photographs are available through the web site.
"Featuring over 150,000 digitized photographs from the State Archives of Florida, the Florida Photographic Collection is the most complete online portrait of Florida available--one that draws its strength from family pictures, the homes of Floridians, their work, and their pastimes." 
The collection spans a wide range of visual images from copies of mid 15th century maps to current photographs. Topics of note are rocket launches from Cape Canaveral, Land Speed Record attempts on Daytona Beach (particularly the work of Richard LeSesne) and a vast number on holidaymaking.
Copyright information for the archive.
The use of photographs and other materials in the custody of the State Archives of Florida is governed by state law and, in some cases, by the terms of the donation agreement under which the Archives acquired the images. In accordance with the provisions of Section 257.35(6), Florida Statutes, "Any use or reproduction of material deposited with the Florida Photographic Collection shall be allowed pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (1)(b) and subsection (4), provided that appropriate credit for its use is given." Please contact the Archives if you have any questions regarding the credit and use of any material presented on this Web site.
Additionally a direct request to the Florida Archives, specifically concerning use on Wikipedia / Wikicommons (13 May 2008) elicited the following response:
See also the Wikimedia Commons template: 

</doc>
<doc id="19388084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388084" title="Richard LeSesne">
Richard LeSesne

Richard H. LeSesne was an American photographer, noted for his photography of land speed record attempts on Daytona Beach, Florida, in the 1920s and 1930s. More than merely a recorder of other peoples' efforts, LeSesne achieved some celebrity himself as the photographer of these attempts and his signature may be found on photographs of the period along with those of other team members and even the driver himself.
He was active from at least 1897 to 1935.
Many of his photographs are now held in the Florida Photographic Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19388090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388090" title="Gawen Hamilton">
Gawen Hamilton

Gawen Hamilton (1698 — 1737), easily confused with the later, more prominent Gavin Hamilton, was a Scottish painter working in London, a member of the Rose and Crown Club, who is known for some 'conversation pieces' depicting clubs of artists. The little that is known of Hamilton is derived mostly from the notebooks of George Vertue, who knew him well and was a fellow member, both of the convivial group that met at the Rose and Crown as well as the "Club of Artists" depicted by Hamilton in 1735, that met at the King's Arms in New Bond Street and commissioned the portrait by subscription, to aid Hamilton.
Vertue notes that he was born at Hamilton, near Glasgow, was trained by a little-known artist named Wilson, and excelled at groups with numerous small figures, which Vertue compares with William Hogarth, mentioning a group portrait of "John Wootton and His Family" and a portrait of the "Earl and Countess of Strafford and Their Family".
Horace Walpole, who used Vertue's notes, makes no mention of Gawen Hamilton in his "Anecdotes of Painting in England".

</doc>
<doc id="19388111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388111" title="Georgia State Panthers football">
Georgia State Panthers football

The Georgia State Panthers football team is the college football program for Georgia State University in Atlanta. The Panthers football team was founded in 2010 and currently compete at the NCAA Division I FBS level. The team competes in the Sun Belt Conference, although it is still in transition into the FBS through the 2013 season (and therefore will not be eligible to compete in the post season until 2014).
History.
2006-07.
In November 2006, a study commissioned by Georgia State was completed and submitted back to the school. It found Georgia State to be in a good position to begin a competitive football team, and based its remarks on the location and resources of the university. It estimated that total annual expenses by 2012 would be $3.1 million.
On April 15, 2007, former Atlanta Falcons head coach Dan Reeves was hired by Georgia State as a consultant.
On November 1, 2007, the university began discussing the possibility of adding football. It found that total costs would cost between $6.2 million and $33.8 million depending on several different factors, including whether a stadium would be built or a preexisting stadium would be used.
2008-09.
On April 17, 2008, Georgia State launched its football program. On June 12, 2008, former Georgia Tech, Alabama, and Kentucky head coach Bill Curry was named as the Georgia State head coach, working on a 5-year contract. This was followed by the hiring of John Bond as offensive coordinator, John Thompson as defensive coordinator, and George Pugh as assistant head coach, as well as Chris Ward and Anthony Midget.
On November 20, 2008, groundbreaking for a downtown practice facility at 188 Martin Luther King Drive was held. The facility would be built to include a 100-yard artificial turf field and a 50-yard natural turf field. The existing buildings would be converted into facilities and offices for the football team.
On January 4, 2009, Mark Hogan, son of former Georgia Tech player Mark Hogan, Sr., enrolled to play as wide receiver on scholarship, making him the first football player to receive a scholarship from Georgia State. The following month, the program would sign its first recruiting class of 27 players, including the three-star running back Parris Lee.
On February 25, 2009, Georgia State would name Cheryl Levick as athletic director, leaving Maryland where she would serve as the school's executive senior athletic director. By June 11, the CAA would announce that they would admit the program with them officially playing in the CAA during the 2012 season.
The Panthers wouldn't play football until the 2010 season, and so the 2009 season would be spent practicing at an NFL facility in downtown Atlanta. 71 players would report on August 14.
2010-11.
Georgia State's second recruiting class was signed on February 3, 2010. The team would go on to hold spring practice beginning on March 23, and would begin working out at the new practice facility by March 27.
On September 2, Georgia State played its first football game and home opener against the Shorter Hawks, winning the game 41-7. The first touchdown was recorded by Parris Lee. A crowd of 30,237 was present at the Georgia Dome including then Georgia governor Sonny Perdue, former mayor Andrew Young, amongst other dignitaries. Later during the last game of the season on November 18, Georgia State would play FBS defending national champion and number 10 ranked Alabama in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, losing 63-7. The single touchdown was earned during a kick return by Albert Wilson.
During its second year of play, the Panthers would record a 3-8 record. The season would be marked by a constant shuffle of quarterbacks after the 2009 starter Drew Little was suspended for the first four games and the second string quarterback Kelton Hill was arrested prior to the season opener, leaving the punter, Bo Schlecter as first string quarterback.
2012-present.
The 2012 season marked the last with Bill Curry as head coach as he had stated that he would retire after the end of the season. Throughout the season, the Panthers were plagued with inconsistencies on both the offense and defense, made worse by injuries on either side and inexperienced quarterbacks. Curry would end his final season (and only year in the CAA) with a 1-10 record. The Panthers were not eligible for a post season berth (through neither the conference's automatic bid nor an at large bid) due to their reclassifying status as the team prepared to move up to FBS football in the Sun Belt Conference. This reclassifying status did allow for the Panthers to use more scholarships than the allowed 63 scholarships at the FCS level. On opening day Matt Hubbard surpassed the NCAA record for highest punting average in a single game, but it would end up not counting in the record books due to the reclassification.
For the beginning of the 2013 season, the Panthers were ranked as the worst FBS team in the country, and began their season with losses to 2 FCS teams from the Southern Conference.
Move to FBS.
Georgia State officially announced that it would join the Sun Belt Conference on April 9, 2012, during a press conference at the Georgia Dome. The school is scheduled to begin full membership on July 1, 2013. Georgia State was a founding member of the Sun Belt Conference in 1976. The Sun Belt participates in Division I FBS, as opposed to FCS. The Panthers will be eligible for postseason play during the 2014 season.
Hire of Trent Miles.
After Coach Bill Curry announced his retirement in August, the administration hired Parker Executive Search to help find potential candidates. On November 30, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported that the university had hired Trent Miles, head coach of Indiana State University.
Uniform Change.
With Trent Miles' arrival as new head coach came the Panthers first complete change in uniform since the programs inception. The original uniform consisted solely of 2 different outfits; a blue home jersey with Panthers written across the chest above the player number and two white stripes on each arm; and a white away jersey with similar stylings, but with Georgia State written across the chest. Only a single helmet existed, blue and with the secondary GSU emblem on it. Both uniforms used the same white pants with panther heads on them. Initially, an anthracite colored helmet with "Panthers" written in stylized script across the sides was unveiled in April 2013, drawing criticism from fans due to its use of a none school-color and lack of GSU emblem. However, after a two day long social media event that had fans unravelling parts of a "puzzle," Miles' altered uniforms were unveiled, showing up to 12 possible variations. Two different jerseys were shown, a blue home jersey with white numbers and lettering and a white away jersey with blue numbers and lettering. Both uniforms included numbering on the sleeves and player names on the back. The uniforms also included three sets of pants, one pair copying the original whites, a blue pair, and an anthracite pair. Along with these changes, it was announced that the original blue helmet with the GSU insignia on it would still be available as a part of the uniform and would be worn at homecoming. Before each game, the seniors and captains will decide which combination will be worn that week. The uniforms drew praise from Atlanta area fashion professionals, who cited it as "a modern take on a classic style."
Head coaches.
Bill Curry.
Georgia State's first head coach Bill Curry was the initial architect for the program. His tenure ended with a record of 10-23. Initially hired by the former athletics director Mary McElroy, after her termination by previous Georgia State president Carl Patton, Curry was named interim athletic director while the school searched for a new AD. During his tenure as head coach, Curry saw the program grow from an idea into a fully fledged division 1 - FCS team. He also was present for the beginning of the transition from the football championship subdivision (FCS) to the football bowl subdivision (FBS) as the school changed athletics conferences from the Colonial Athletic Association to the Sun Belt Conference. While Georgia State built the foundations for its football program with him at its helm, including new practice facilities and offices, Curry's teams experienced little success on the field. After a 6-5 record in its first season, the Panthers followed with a 3-8 record in its second season, and finally closing with a 1-10 record in his final year. However, the university honored its founding head coach by naming the locker rooms at the new football practice facility after Curry.
Trent Miles.
On November 30, 2012, former Indiana State head coach Trent Miles was announced as the new Georgia State head coach.
Facilities.
Stadium.
The Georgia State Panthers play home games in the state owned Georgia Dome, located just north of the Georgia State main campus in Downtown Atlanta. It is the largest cable-supported domed stadium in the world and has a football capacity of 71,228. The regular capacity for GSU football games is 28,155 (the capacity of the lower bowl), however the middle and upper bowls will be filled as overflow when necessary as has occurred twice since the programs inception. The dome hosted the gymnastic and basketball events during the 1996 Olympic Games. The dome is outfitted with FieldTurf.
Practice Facility.
Groundbreaking of a new on-campus practice facility occurred on November 20, 2008, approximately 2 years before the Panthers would play their first official game. The building (located at 188 Martin Luther King Drive, Atlanta, GA) was originally used as a warehouse for the Confederate Army during the civil war. The first practice was held on March 29, 2010. The facility is composed of a 120-yard artificial-turf field, a 60-yard natural-turf field, and a 22,00-square-foot practice building. The building contains a 1,507 square-foot meeting room, a 450 square-foot conference room, a 2,544 square foot locker room (name after the Panthers first football coach, Bill Curry) a 1,570 square-foot equipment room, a 2,144 square foot training room, and a 365 square foot hydro therapy room.

</doc>
<doc id="19388138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388138" title="Subukia Constituency">
Subukia Constituency

Subukia Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of six constituencies in Nakuru District. The constituency has five wards, all of which elect councillors for the Nakuru County Council. The constituency was formerly known as Nakuru North Constituency. Rongai Constituency was carved out of it before the 1988 elections, and the remaining part of Nakuru North constituency was renamed Subukia before the 1997 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19388151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388151" title="Michael Ugwu Eneja">
Michael Ugwu Eneja

Michael Ugwu Eneja (January 1919 – November 14, 2008) was a Nigerian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. At the time of his death, he was one of the oldest Nigerian Catholic bishops.
Eneja was born in Ibagwa Ani, Nigeria and was ordained a priest on July 29, 1951 from the Diocese of Enugu. He was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Enugu on November 10, 1977 and received his episcopal consecration on February 28, 1978. He remained bishop of the Diocese of Enugu until his retirement on November 8, 1996. He died on November 14, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19388165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388165" title="Silonia">
Silonia

Silonia is a genus of schilbid catfishes native to Asia.
Species.
There are currently two recognized species in this genus: 

</doc>
<doc id="19388177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388177" title="I Found Stella Parish">
I Found Stella Parish

I Found Stella Parish is a 1935 melodrama starring Kay Francis as a beloved actress whose dark secret is revealed to the world.
Plot.
In London, Stella Parish (Kay Francis) has her greatest stage triumph in a play produced and directed by Stephen Norman (Paul Lukas). However, her happiness is short-lived. She finds a man from her past in her dressing room. Determined not to submit to blackmail, she books passage back to America on an ocean liner, traveling in disguise with her young daughter Gloria (Sybil Jason) and her best friend and confidante Nana (Jessie Ralph).
Hotshot newspaper reporter Keith Lockridge (Ian Hunter) tracks them down and befriends the trio on the sea voyage. Stella hopes to lose herself among the teeming millions of New York, but Keith "accidentally" runs into them and renews their acquaintance. As weeks pass, Stella falls in love with him. Meanwhile, Keith investigates and finds out that Stella had been an actress. When her alcoholic, jealous husband found her innocently meeting her co-star in his apartment, he shot and killed the man. Then, he maliciously implicated her in the crime. Their daughter was born in prison. When Stella was released, she set about to bury her past for Gloria's sake. Finally, Stella tells Keith that she loves him and recounts her entire history. However, Keith had already wired the story to his editor a few hours before. His frantic efforts to suppress the article are too late; his newspaper has already published it.
When Stella is besieged by reporters, she decides to milk the situation for money she needs to take care of her child. She sends Gloria and Nana away, out of the public eye. Then, she works with a promoter to make well-paid appearances to take advantage of the scandal. Eventually, the public tires of her and she is reduced to working in vaudeville.
At Keith's secret insistence, Stephen Norman offers her the starring role in his play, which he had shut down after its one performance. She is reluctant to return to London, but cannot refuse the money. Public reaction is at first hostile, but Keith works hard writing articles to sway public opinion. On opening night, Stella refuses to go on, dreading her reception, but Keith shows up backstage and points out at least two in the audience who believe in her, Gloria and Nana.

</doc>
<doc id="19388183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388183" title="A Victim of the Mormons">
A Victim of the Mormons

A Victim of the Mormons () is a 1911 Danish silent film directed by August Blom. The film was controversial for demonizing the Mormon religion, and its box-office success is cited for initiating a decade of anti-Mormon propaganda films in America. It tells the story of an attractive young woman who is seduced and kidnapped by a Mormon missionary, then forced to accompany him to Utah to become one of his wives. The film became a hit, partly due to the popularity of its star, Valdemar Psilander, and partly due to the publicity arising from objections by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS church) and its failed campaign to ban the film.
Plot.
Florence Grange (Clara Pontoppidan), a pretty young Danish woman, is vacationing with her father, her brother, George, and her fiance, Leslie, at a luxurious seaside hotel in Denmark. One evening, while they are sitting in the restaurant, George introduces them to a young American named Andrew Larson (Valdemar Psilander). Andrew, who is a Mormon priest, is quickly attracted to Florence and gives her an "admission card" to a Mormon meeting. Although Florence cares greatly for Leslie (Carlo Wieth), he often neglects her while pursuing other interests. Florence spends much time with the strangely fascinating American, enabling Andrew to indoctrinate her and convince her to go to Utah with him. Partly in passion and partly in hypnotic trance, Florence runs away and meets Andrew at the railway station.
After her disappearance, her father searches her room and finds the note from Andrew asking her to come to the train. Leslie and George (Henry Seemann) inform the police of Florence's disappearance and the police notify the harbor patrol. With help from a Mormon friend, Andrew drugs Florence, then exchanges her hat and coat with another couple, enabling Andrew to sneak Florence aboard a steam ship heading for America. The harbor patrol detains the couple wearing Florence's clothes. When George and Leslie arrive to get Florence, the ruse is revealed, but the ship has already sailed. While on board, Florence has a change of heart and wants to return home. Andrew assures her that they will return home. A telegraph is sent to the ship about the kidnapping, but Andrew overpowers the telegraph operator before his plot can be revealed. The ship arrives in America and Andrew escapes with Florence to Salt Lake City where he locks her in a bedroom. George and Leslie leave aboard the next ship for America.
Florence gains the sympathy of Andrew's first wife (Emilie Sannom), but an attempt to set Florence free is unsuccessful when Andrew discovers it. One day, Andrew leaves home to perform a baptism at the Mormon temple. George and Leslie, having arrived in Salt Lake City, follow Andrew to his house. Andrew convinces them that Florence is elsewhere in the city. While the two race off on a wild goose chase, Andrew conceals Florence in a dark, dank cellar with a secret trapdoor entrance. Realizing that they were tricked, Leslie and George burst back into Andrew's house and search desperately for Florence, but cannot find her. Andrew continues to plead his innocence. By luck, Florence discovers the hidden button which opens the secret trap door to her cell. Leslie frees her and promises he will never again neglect her. Andrew pulls a pistol and tries to kill Florence. Leslie prevents him and during the ensuing struggle Andrew shoots himself and dies.
Cast.
Other cast: Franz Skondrup as the Police Detective; Emilie Sannom as Nancy, the First Wife; Otto Lagoni as Andrew's Mormon friend; Frederik Jacobsen as Florence's Father; Nicolai Brechling as the Telegraph Operator; Carl Petersen as the Police Officer; Axel Boesen; H.C. Nielsen; and Doris Langkilde.
Production.
"A Victim of the Mormons" followed a series of films by the Nordisk Film studio which portrayed young naive women who are kidnapped, held captive and in imminent danger of sexual assault. Early titles included "The White Slave Girl" ("Den hvide slavinde", 1907), "The White Slave Trade" ("Den hvide slavehandel", 1910) and "The White Slave Trade's Last Victim" ("Den hvide slavehandels sidste offer", 1910).
Nordisk Film stated that the films were made to expose the social dangers of white slavery, but audiences enjoyed the sensationalized melodrama and the exploitation of young women placed in compromising positions. Because of the popularity of the earlier "white slave" films, "Victim of the Mormons" became a prestige project for Nordisk. August Blom, the studio's bright new director and later head of production, had a flair for melodrama and he was chosen to direct. The studio's new star, Valdemar Psilander, who had earlier that year achieved international recognition in "At the Prison Gates" ("Ved Fængslets Port)", was cast as the villain.
In 1911, Nordisk Film had begun to concentrate on longer feature-length movies, and, as such, Blom used three reels for "A Victim of the Mormons". With a length of 3200 feet, it was one of the longest Danish films at that time.
Release and reaction.
"A Victim of the Mormons" premiered at the Panoptikon Theater in Copenhagen, Denmark on 2 October 1911. One week later, on 10 October 1911, it was released in London. Before the release of the film, the Nordisk Film company ran a heavy advertising campaign. They distributed sensational programs which declared "Extraordinary Exposure of a Terrible Doctrine!" and "This exciting and effective modern drama, which reveals the Latter Day Saints ruthless propaganda, is one of film's great international successes."
Advertising in film trade papers declared the movie would achieve record-breaking ticket sales. The trade papers followed suit with sensational headlines including "This Great Winner Creates a Record Booking," in "Bioscope" magazine and the film "HAS NO EQUAL AS A MONEY-MAKER" in the American trade "Motion Picture News".
The movie was publicly condemned by leaders of the LDS Church in Europe and America. The church presidency complained to the American National Board of Censorship, demanding that all references to Mormonism in the title and content of the film be removed. However, the LDS campaign to censor the film failed when it was released without changes. Utah governor William Spry said the Danish filmmakers were "only exceeded in their perversion of the truth by their absurdity," and banned the film in the state of Utah. That effort also failed and the film was shown without alterations in Utah theaters that year. The movie proved to be enormously successful internationally, not only because of an effective promotional campaign which emphasized the attempted ban, but also due to the popularity of its star, Valdemar Psilander.
By the time "A Victim of the Mormons" was released in the United States in February 1912, several other films featuring Mormon antagonists were already being readied for release. The new titles included "Marriage or Death" and the "Mountain Meadows Massacre" by the French studio Pathé Frères, "The Mormon" by the American Film Manufacturing Company, and "The Danites" by the Selig Polyscope Company of Chicago. During the following decade, the output of anti-Mormon propaganda films flourished with Mormon villains portrayed variously as white slavers, mesmerizing Svengalis and ruthless terrorists.
Only approximately thirty minutes of "A Victim of the Mormons" has been recovered and preserved from the original 35mm film stock. The remaining footage has been transferred to 16mm and video tape. A copy is on file in the LDS Church archives in Salt Lake City.

</doc>
<doc id="19388186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388186" title="Usovo">
Usovo

Usovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19388187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388187" title="Lifford Wine Agency">
Lifford Wine Agency

The Lifford Wine Agency is a wine importer in Ontario, Canada which produces the "plantatree" brand of wine. There are three wines, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Chardonnay, distributed under this brand. For every bottle sold, the company donates $2.50 to Tree Canada to fund the planting of a tree. The brand is meant to be carbon positive, signifying that the carbon produced in making the product is offset, thus having a positive impact on one's carbon footprint. The wine is imported in bulk to Ontario from California and then bottled in lightweight PET bottles to be distributed only in Ontario with plans to distribute nationally.

</doc>
<doc id="19388230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388230" title="Skytaxi">
Skytaxi

SkyTaxi is a charter airline based in Wrocław, Poland. They operate cargo and passenger charter flights throughout the European Union, Middle-East and North Africa using its two Saab 340A aircraft, one is all white (SP-MRB) while the other in the yellow and white livery of its previous operator Lagunair (SP-MRC). On 25.10 SkyTaxi took delivery of their third SF4 (SP-MRE), a late production Saab 340A that formerly operated for Estonian Air Regional and is in the blue livery of its previous operator without titles.
Fleet.
The SkyTaxi fleet includes the following aircraft (as of 27 October 2013): 

</doc>
<doc id="19388250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388250" title="1854 Treaty Authority">
1854 Treaty Authority

The 1854 Treaty Authority is an inter-tribal, co-management agency committed to the implementation of off-reservation treaty rights on behalf of its two-member Ojibwa tribes. 
Based out of Duluth, Minnesota, 1854 Treaty Authority's policy is set by the Board of Commissioners composed of the tribal chairperson from each member tribe or a designee. 1854 Treaty Authority has three divisions including Administration, Conservation Enforcement and Resource Management.
History.
In 1985, The Grand Portage Band of Lake Superior Chippewa filed suit in U.S. District Court seeking a declaratory judgment that the 1854 Treaty of La Pointe reserved the Band's right to hunt and fish in the 1854 Treaty-Ceded Territory free of state regulation. The other Bands that signed the treaty and resided in the territory (Fond du Lac, Bois Forte) subsequently joined the lawsuit. By 1988, an out of court agreement was negotiated and ultimately ratified by the Minnesota State Legislature:
In 1988, the Tri-Band Authority was established to implement the agreement and was governed by a Board of Directors, which consisted of the duly elected officials of each of the Grand Portage, Bois Forte, and the Fond du Lac Bands. However, in 1989, Fond du Lac (who is now a party to the Great Lakes Indian Fish & Wildlife Commission) withdrew from the agreement. The Tri-Band Authority then became the 1854 Authority and subsequently changed their name in 2006 to the 1854 Treaty Authority and continued to implement the agreement for the Grand Portage and Bois Forte Bands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19388258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388258" title="Dream On (An Indian Lullaby)">
Dream On (An Indian Lullaby)

"Dream On (An Indian Lullaby)" is a popular song written by B.G. DeSylva with music composed by Herbert Victor. The song is a Cherokee mother's lullaby to her child. The lyrics as first written are:
The first commercial recording of "Dream On" was by Mario Chamlee (Brunswick 10158) in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="19388266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388266" title="Enkapune Ya Muto">
Enkapune Ya Muto

Enkapune Ya Muto, also known as Twilight Cave, is a Late Stone Age site on the Mau Escarpment of Kenya. Beads made of perforated ostrich egg shells found at the site have been dated to 40,000 years ago. The beads found at the site represent the early human use of personal ornaments. 

</doc>
<doc id="19388307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388307" title="Monobjc">
Monobjc

Monobjc is a bridge API for Mac OS X to allow applications that run on Mono runtime to access various Mac OS X API.
It brings to .NET developers the ability to use in a totally transparent manner and with no native code, most of the Mac OS X API and especially Cocoa. This means that developer can leverage the power of .NET and its libraries and produce applications that provides a native UI look and feel under Mac OS X.
The Monobjc's key points are:

</doc>
<doc id="19388320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388320" title="Stung Sreng River">
Stung Sreng River

Stung Sreng River (also spelled Stoeng Sreng) is a river in northwest Cambodia. It drains into Tonlé Sap lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19388329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388329" title="Javier Naranjo Villegas">
Javier Naranjo Villegas

Javier Naranjo Villegas (born January 21, 1919) is a Colombian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church. 
Villegas was born in Abejorral, Colombia and was ordained a priest on March 15, 1942. Villegas was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Santa Marta on June 2m 1971 and ordained on June 29, 1971. Villegas remained at the Diocese of Santa Marta until his resignation on July 24, 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19388332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388332" title="John Carlaw">
John Carlaw

John Carlaw (born 6 February 1975 in Gosford, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. A three-quarter back, he played for several Super League and National Rugby League clubs during his career.
Playing career.
Early years.
An Ourimbah junior, Carlaw started playing first grade rugby league with the Hunter Mariners club in the Australian Super League competition of 1997. Following the disbanding of that club upon the creation of the National Rugby League, he joined another new venture team, the Melbourne Storm for their first season.
Tigers.
In 1999 Carlaw moved to the Balmain Tigers for their final year before they merged with Western Suburbs Magpies to form the Wests Tigers club, whom Carlaw continued to play with.
Warriors and Dragons.
In 2002 Carlaw moved to the New Zealand Warriors. He played at centre their 2002 NRL Grand Final loss to the Sydney Roosters at the end of the season. He played another season with New Zealand before moving to the St. George Illawarra Dragons for his final year in 2004. He played in his 150th first grade game for the Dragons against his old club, the Warriors, on 14 August 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19388337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388337" title="Laides">
Laides

Laides is a genus of schilbid catfishes native to Asia.
Species.
There are currently two recognized species in this genus: 
"L. hexanema" is distributed in Thailand to Indonesia, in large rivers, including the Mekong. "L. longibarbis" originates from the Mekong, Mehklong, and Chao Phraya River basins.
"L. hexanema" grows to 16.5 cm (6.5 in) TL; it is found in large rivers and feeds on small fishes. "L. longibarbis" grows to 14.2 cm (5.6 in) SL; it inhabits large rivers with turbid and slow or standing waters and feeds on fishes and zooplankton Both species are oviparous and do not guard their eggs.

</doc>
<doc id="19388343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388343" title="Stung Svay Chek River">
Stung Svay Chek River

Stung Svay Chek River is a river in northwest Cambodia. It drains into Tonlé Sap lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19388348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388348" title="Smithsonian Folklife Festival">
Smithsonian Folklife Festival

The Smithsonian Folklife Festival, launched in 1967, is an international exhibition of living cultural heritage presented annually in the summer in Washington, D.C. in the United States. It is held for two weeks around the Fourth of July (the US Independence Day) holiday. The Smithsonian Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage produces the Festival.
The Festival is free to the public, encouraging cultural exchange. Attracting more than one million visitors yearly, the two-week long celebration is the largest annual cultural event in the United States capital. Usually divided into programs featuring a nation, region, state or theme, the Festival has featured tradition bearers from more than 90 nations, every region of the United States, scores of ethnic communities, more than 100 American Indian groups, and some 70 different occupations. The Festival generally includes daily and evening programs of music, song, dance, celebratory performance, crafts and cooking demonstrations, storytelling, illustrations of workers' culture, and narrative sessions for discussing cultural issues. Cultural practitioners speak for themselves, with each other, and to the public. Visitors participate, learning, singing, dancing, eating traditional foods, and conversing with people that the Festival program presents.
List of programs by year.
The regions and topics featured at the Smithsonian Folklife Festival since its inception in 1967:

</doc>
<doc id="19388350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388350" title="Naarden-Bussum railway station">
Naarden-Bussum railway station

Naarden-Bussum is a railway station in the north of Bussum, Netherlands that also serves the neighboring community of Naarden. The station has one standard platform and one island platform. It has a total of four tracks, of which one track is for passing trains only. The station was opened on 10 June 1874. The station is on the Amsterdam - Hilversum -Amersfoort line, known as the Gooilijn. The station was also used as a tram station for the Bussum - Huizen tram service. This operated from 1883 to 1958.
Train services.
The following train services call at Naarden-Bussum:
Bus services.
The following bus services call at Station Naarden-Bussum. These depart from the bus station at the front of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="19388353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388353" title="Nicole Loiselle">
Nicole Loiselle

Nicole Loiselle (born March 8, 1954 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian politician. She represented the electoral districts of Saint-Henri from 1989 to 1994 and Saint-Henri–Sainte-Anne in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1994 to 2007 as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party. 
Prior to entering electoral politics, Loiselle was a departmental assistant to federal Members of Parliament Don Johnston from 1980 to 1984 and David Berger from 1984 to 1988. She then became president of her own real estate firm.

</doc>
<doc id="19388360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388360" title="Howell Peregrine">
Howell Peregrine

Howell Peregrine (30 December 1938 – 20 March 2007) was a British applied mathematician noted for his contributions to fluid mechanics, especially of free surface flows such as water waves, and coastal engineering.
Education and career.
Howell Peregrine joined the Mathematics Department of University of Bristol in 1964 following his undergraduate and postgraduate training at Oxford and Cambridge. He spent his entire career at Bristol. One of his most remarkable contributions was the theoretical prediction of a new nonlinear entity, now called the Peregrine soliton, that may explain the formation of hydrodynamics rogue waves and that has also been experimentally demonstrated more than 25 years later in the field of nonlinear fiber optics 
He was an Associate Editor of the Journal of Fluid Mechanics for more than 25 years.
Howell Peregrine died suddenly after a short battle against cancer. He was then a Professor Emeritus of Applied Mathematics at the University of Bristol.
Personal.
Peregrine was known to be a good photographer of natural phenomena. Some of the photographs which he took himself appeared in his papers.

</doc>
<doc id="19388365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388365" title="BL 12 inch naval gun Mk VIII">
BL 12 inch naval gun Mk VIII

The BL 12 inch naval gun Mark VIII was one of the first large British naval guns designed for the higher pressures generated by the new cordite propellant, and Britain's first large wire-wound gun. It represented a major advance compared to previous British guns.
Naval service.
The gun was installed on the "Majestic"-class battleships from 1895 and on the "Canopus"-class battleships from 1899.
During World War I guns removed from the obsolete "Majestic" class were mounted in "Lord Clive"-class monitors for shore bombardment.
Land service.
From 1921 to 1926 two guns from the decommissioned battleship HMS "Illustrious" were in service in the Tyne Turrets for coast defence, north and south of the mouth of the River Tyne in the northeast of England.
Problems in service.
During bombardment service when mounted in the "Lord Clive"-class monitors deposition of copper from the projectile driving bands needed frequent removal. However, problems with the inner liners were more serious. The continual drag of the driving bands caused the liner to be gradually stretched forward. The resulting protrusion at the muzzle could simply be cut off, but in addition the liner began to form a ridge in the barrel near the shoulders of the outer ‘A’ tube, where the inner ‘A’ tube was keyed to the outer.
The ridge accumulated copper from the driving bands, which could give sufficient retardation to the projectile to start the fuze, which resulted in a premature detonation either within the bore, or soon after leaving the muzzle. This happened several times during bombardment service, including an occasion when "Lord Clive" showered pieces of shell over the French destroyer "Aventurier".
The ‘steel choke’ restriction could be temporarily removed by rubbing down with an emery-covered block pullled back and forth in the bore, but the only permanent cure was to fit new guns with a modified design of liner, which had a different arrangement of internal shoulders. 

</doc>
<doc id="19388368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388368" title="Delta model">
Delta model

Delta model is a customer-based approach to strategic management. Compared to a philosophical focus on the characteristics of a product (product economics), the model is based on customer economics. The customer-centric model was developed by Dean Wilde and Arnoldo Hax.
Haxioms.
Haxioms are a set of principles, proposed by Arnoldo Hax, which serve as a framework for the conceptualization of the Delta Model, and since it somehow challenges the conventional wisdom regarding strategic thinking:

</doc>
<doc id="19388377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388377" title="Radijus Vektor">
Radijus Vektor

Radijus Vektor (full legal name: "Radijus Vektor d.o.o.") is a Serbian company providing cable television and high-speed Internet. It is one of the largest cable operators in Serbia.
Divisions.
Radijus Vektor's has the following divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="19388392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388392" title="Sidney Norman Bernstein">
Sidney Norman Bernstein

Sidney Norman Bernstein (13 July 1911, New York City – 30 January 1992, New York City) was an American chess master.
He tied for 2nd-4th in Marshall Chess Club Championship at New York 1930/31 (Arthur Dake won), tied for 6-7th in New York State Chess Championship at Rome 1931 (Fred Reinfeld won). He played board two, behind Reuben Fine, on the victorious CCNY team in the 1931-32 Intercollegiate championships. He took 11th in the American Chess Federation Congress (U.S. Open Chess Championship) at Philadelphia 1936 (Israel Albert Horowitz won).
Bernstein was a participant in eight U.S. Chess Championship events (1936, 1938, 1940, 1951, 1954, 1957, 1959 and 1961). 
He played thrice in Ventnor City, as he shared 1st in 1940, tied for 5-7th (Jacob Levin won) in 1941, and tied for 3rd-6th (Daniel Yanofsky won) in 1942. He tied for 1st with Reinfeld in Manhattan Chess Club Championship at New York 1942,
and took 8th in Manhattan CC in 1955 (Max Pavey won).
His career was well chronicled in his book "Combat: My 50 Years at the Chessboard" (New York, 1977), but he was an infrequent writer on the game and was deeply involved in only two other volumes. In the late 1930s he co-edited with Reinfeld a book on the Kemeri 1937 chess tournament, and in 1947 the two collaborated on a revision of James Mason’s "The Art of Chess".
Top players that he scored wins against were Donald Byrne, multiple wins against Arnold Denker, multiple wins against Frank James Marshall, Edmar Mednis, and Sammy Reshevsky, amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="19388400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388400" title="Zbyněk Hejda">
Zbyněk Hejda

Zbyněk Hejda (2 February 1930, Hradec Králové – 16 November 2013, Prague) was a Czech poet, essayist and translator (mainly from English - Emily Dickinson; and German - Georg Trakl, Gottfried Benn), generally recognised as one of the most important Czech writers after the Second World War. 
Life.
He studied philosophy and history at the Faculty of Arts, Charles University in Prague. From 1953 to 1958, he taught the history of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia at the Faculty of Arts. From 1958 to 1968, he worked at the Prague Information Service, and later in 1968 he started working in a publishing house but left the very same year together with the whole editorial staff. From 1968 to 1978 he worked in a second hand bookshop, until he signed the Charter 77 and was forced to leave. From 1981 to 1989 he worked as a caretaker. Since 1990 to 1995 he taught cultural anthropology at the 2nd Faculty of Medicine, Charles University.
Work.
Since 1959 he published his poetry in literary magazines, including Revolver Revue, in the Czechoslovak Republic, and in Czech exile magazines, such as Svědectví published by Pavel Tigrid in Paris. He received The Tom Stoppard Prize for his essays in 1989 and the Jaroslav Seifert Prize in 1996. 

</doc>
<doc id="19388412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388412" title="Division of Altenburg">
Division of Altenburg

The Division of Altenburg (German: "Altenburger Teilung") was the division of the Meissen lands of Altenburg between the two brothers Frederick II, Elector of Saxony and Duke Wilhelm III in 1445. The division caused hostilities between Frederick and Wilhelm. The two brothers attempted to reconcile, but eventually the division led to a war between the two brothers known as the Saxon Brother War (German: "Sächsischer Bruderkrieg"). The Saxon Brother War began in 1446 and lasted for five years, until the Peace of Naumburg was negotiated in 1451. Following the peace, the subsequent Treaty of Eger in 1459, and the deaths of Frederick II and Wilhelm III, the two sons of Frederick II eventually gained control of the land of both their father and Wilhelm III.
Family situation.
The House of Wettin and its line of Saxon princes gained a large amount of land over the years mainly through inheritance, including the Landgraviate of Thuringia, the Margraviate of Meissen, the Duchy of Saxony and the Electorate of Saxony. Frederick I was the Elector of Saxony and Margrave of Meissen and ruled over all of the lands except for the lands in Thuringia. Frederick I's cousin Frederick of Thuringia was Landgrave of Thuringia and ruled over those lands. Frederick I, had seven children including four sons. He ruled over his lands until his death in 1428. With his death, his four sons Frederick, William, Henry, and Sigismund took control of his land. Henry then died in 1435, and Sigismund was forced to renounce his claims and later became the Bishop of Würzburg in 1440. This led to only two sons, Frederick and William, now ruling over their family's land. As the oldest, Frederick held the Electorate of Saxony and some land around Wittenberg in his own right, while he controlled the remainder of the land jointly with William. This continued peacefully and without serious incident until 1440. In 1440, Frederick of Thuringia died childless and the two brothers inherited extensive land within Thuringia as well as the title of Landgrave of Thuringia.
Division.
The division of this new land in Thuringia could not be agreed upon, and on 16 July 1445 the two remaining brothers tried to partition the land between them in the Division of Altenburg. When Frederick II chose the western part and not the Margraviate of Meissen on September 26, 1445 in Leipzig, William rejected the division. On December 11 of the same year they attempted to reconcile in the monastery of Neuwerk in Halle (Saale) in what was known as the "Hallescher Machtspruch" (English: the Power Dictat of Halle). The Archbishop of Magdeburg Frederick III of Beichlingen, the Margrave Frederick II of Brandenburg and the Landgrave Ludwig II of Hesse actively participated as judges, however the two brothers failed to reach a peaceful resolution. This split led to a war between the two brothers in 1446 known as the Saxon Brother War, or the "Sächsischer Bruderkrieg". The brothers would fight until the peace reached at Naumburg on January 27, 1451. Later, in the Treaty of Eger, elector Frederick II, Duke Wilhelm III, and the King of Bohemia George of Podebrady fixed the borders between Bohemia and Saxony. This border is still current and is one of the oldest existing borders in Europe.
When Frederick II died in 1464, his two sons Ernest and Albert inherited his land. When Duke Wilhelm III died in 1482, Ernest annexed Thuringia and returned it to Frederick's original line. Ernest then shared many of his lands in a second division with his brother, Albert, because of the Treaty of Leipzig on August 26, 1485. In this second division of the Wettin lands between Ernest and Albert, known as the Division of Lepzig, Altenburg fell to Ernest, together with the Electorate, Grimma, the Mutschener Pflege, Leisnig, Thuringia and the Vogtland. From this time on, Altenburg was historically connected with Thuringia. Following the multiple divisions and Saxon Brother War, the Saxons lost much of their power among the various German families and houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19388418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388418" title="Tolantongo">
Tolantongo

Tolantongo is a box canyon and resort located 17 kilometres from Ixmiquilpan on Route 27 in the Mezquital Valley, State of Hidalgo in Mexico, It is about 1.5 hours northeast of Pachuca and 198 km or three-to-four hours northeast of Mexico City. The closest village to the resort is called El Cardonal and it is part of Cardonal Municipality.
Etymology.
From the Nahuatl Tonaltonko (Home where it feels warm). In his book "Lo que el viento nos dejo: hojas de terruno hidalguense", journalist Enrique Rivas Paniagua gives the etymology of Tolantongo a very deep look: "... the neighboring towns called it Tonaltongo (derivation of Tonaltonko), ... but in 1975 when this eden was discovered and was promoted by the magazine "Mexico Desconocido" the name was misspelled and that is how it "officially" got the name Tolantongo."
Resort.
The resort is made up of three hotel complexes and heated pools near the bottom of a steep box canyon that has walls as many as 500 meters high. Its main attraction is two grottos at the canyon’s closed end, out of which flows a small volcanically-heated river which follows the canyon floor. The large grotto chamber is about half the size of a tennis court with a ceiling of up to ten metres. Above the grotto is a “tunnel”, a small cavern 15 metres deep in which warm water showers those who venture inside. Around these two openings, warm waterfalls flow down the steep canyon walls Here visitors can practice hiking, rappelling and spelunking.
Ecological zone.
The resort is located in a semi-desert zone, surrounded by rock formations carved by water flow and geological pressures. Exposed rock shows sedimentary layers that have folded. This and water erosion have created capricious forms that are all around this part of Hidalgo state. The high peaks in this area are often shrouded in mist. Cacti and semi-arid vegetation predominate in the hills above the canyon, with pine trees at the higher elevations. The rugged peaks have a great deal of biological diversity. Among the plant species to be found are yucca ("Yucca" spp), mesquite ("Prosopis" spp.), tall cacti called “viejitos” (little old ones) ("Cephalocereus senilis"), named so because their upper spines whiten and flatten, creating a grey-hair-like look, gumbo-limbos ("Bursera simaruba"), poinsettias ("Euphorbia pulcherrima") as well as the abundant magueys that have been used for centuries to make pulque, a fermented beverage. Animals that can be seen include Raccoons ("Procyon lotor"), Greater Roadrunners ("Geococcyx californianus"), Hooded Skunks ("Mephitis macroura"), White-nosed Coatis ("Nasua narica") and White-winged doves ("Zenaida asiatica"). Also, the area has been inhabited by various indigenous peoples such as the Otomi, the Mexica, the Toltecs and the Tepehua.
The river.
The river in the canyon is also called Tolantongo. It is pleasantly warm, colored by mineral salts it picks up as it passes through the mountain. The water comes from a complex series of channels inside the mountain that heats the water to about 20 degrees Celsius. Much of this water dwells in niches in the rocky side of the canyon, which has a cooling effect. Another factor is that the water mixes with unheated water as it leaves the grottoes. The result is mostly tepid water outside the grottoes and in the river itself, good for swimming even on a cold day.
The grottos.
There are two main grottos: the larger one from which the river flows and the “tunnel” above it on the same wall of the canyon. The larger grotto is classified as a Karst Cave, and was closed for a short time in 2004 due to a roof collapse. Inside this cave, the temperature rises noticeably and it is filled with stalactites and stalagmites. Just outside the main grotto are rimstone pools in which visitors can wallow in the shallow river as the water rushes past. The “tunnel” is called this due to its shape; narrow and about 15 meters long. Visitors inside the tunnel are showered by warm water that sprays out from the walls and ceiling. The temperature inside is similar to that of a steam bath. Inside one part there is a depression filled by a stream of water that one can swim in. This pool is filled with capriciously-shaped rocks. In both grottos, one can listen to the echoes of the waterfalls inside the mountain. It is possible to rappel from the various high domes in these two grottos, but it is still considered dangerous because of the wet walls and large amounts of water vapor in the air.
Other features.
On various sections of the canyon walls are man-made semi-circular “chapoteaderos” or splashing pools, created by damming small warm springs. Most of these are shaded by trees, allowing tourists to bath in warm waters while overlooking the canyon at the same time. 
Management of resort area.
The resort does not have the usual managerial structure. The grottos and the resort belong to the “Socieded Cooperative Ejidal “Grutas Tolantongo””(Cooperative Ejido Society of the Tolantongo Grottos). This association was formed 30 years ago by the 112 families that own the ejido (a type of communal property) (Bowman), called San Cristobal. This ejido has about 5,200 hectares, with only 40 open to the public. All workers belong to these ejido families and dress similarly, no matter what their job. While certain jobs do pay more, these rotate among members. Each family gets a vote in the affairs of the ejido. The project was launched in the 1970s with neither outside expertise nor government help and still functions without outside resources. A percentage of the resort’s profits are reinvested back into the enterprise. While today the park and resort are well-run and tranquil, the enterprise had problems with drugs, violence and vandalism when it first began. Working with local authorities, they created barriers to control access and gained permission to carry firearms as deputies to patrol ejido land. Despite the problems and the lack of governmental help, the ejido association has managed to preserve much of the resort and the ejido land around it in its natural state. 
Other information.
The resort is open everyday with pools, a restaurant, grocery store and campgrounds in addition to the three hotels and campgrounds. Buses run from Mexico City to Ixmiquilpan. From there small buses run to Tolantongo. Public transport to the grottoes is infrequent, as most visitors arrive by car.

</doc>
<doc id="19388426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388426" title="1992 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament">
1992 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament

The 1992 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 20th edition of the event known that year as the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament, and was part of the ATP World Series of the 1992 ATP Tour. It took place at the Ahoy Rotterdam indoor sporting arena in Rotterdam, Netherlands, from February 24 through March 1, 1992.
The singles line up featured ATP No. 2, Australian Open and Stuttgart indoor runner-up, US Open, Sydney indoor and Tokyo indoor champion Stefan Edberg, Wimbledon finalist, Stockholm and Brussels winner Boris Becker, and Long Island titlist Ivan Lendl. Also competing were Milan winner, Rotterdam defending champion Omar Camporese, Milan quarterfinalist Goran Prpić, John McEnroe, Alexander Volkov and Jonas Svensson.

</doc>
<doc id="19388436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388436" title="Stung Sen River">
Stung Sen River

Stung Sen River is a river in Cambodia. It is a major tributary of the Tonlé Sap.

</doc>
<doc id="19388437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388437" title="Stung Stoung River">
Stung Stoung River

Stung Stoung River is a river in Cambodia. It is a major tributary of the Tonlé Sap.

</doc>
<doc id="19388442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388442" title="Stung Chickreng River">
Stung Chickreng River

Stung Chickreng River is a river in Cambodia. It is a major tributary of the Tonlé Sap.

</doc>
<doc id="19388444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388444" title="Sisophon River">
Sisophon River

Serei Sophorn River is a river, which flows through Banteay Meanchey province in Cambodia. It is a major tributary of the Tonlé Sap.

</doc>
<doc id="19388445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388445" title="2008 Cairo landslide">
2008 Cairo landslide

The 2008 Cairo landslide happened on September 6, 2008, in el-Deweika, an informal settlement in the Manshiyat naser neighborhood of east Cairo, Egypt. 119 people died in the rockslide.
Boulders weighing as much as 70 tons rolled into the shantytown following the landslide. After most of the neighborhood had been flattened, those families still living in the slum were evicted and any remaining buildings were flattened by the government. As a result hundreds of families were left homeless and many still live in squalor near the site of the disaster, despite government promises to find them homes.
The cause of the landslide has not been definitively determined, but theories included leaked sewage from development projects that eroded rocks. An internal investigation determined that the slide was caused by "fate" and no one would be blamed for it.
Amnesty International reports that thousands of Egyptians still continue to live in unsafe slums.
In May 2010, a court found Mahmoud Yassin, a Cairo deputy governor, guilty of negligence and sentenced him for 5 years of imprisonment. Seven other officials were sentenced to 3 years each. 

</doc>
<doc id="19388446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388446" title="Boribo River">
Boribo River

Boribo River is a river in Cambodia. It rises in the Aural mountains in Pursat and crosses Baribour District in Kampong Chhnang Province before entering the Tonlé Sap lake. It is a major tributary of the Tonlé Sap.

</doc>
<doc id="19388452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388452" title="Bedem ljubavi – Mothers for Peace">
Bedem ljubavi – Mothers for Peace

Bedem ljubavi – Mothers for Peace is a women's non-governmental association formed in the beginning of 1991 to protest the conscription of Croats and other ethnic groups into the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) as Slovenia and Croatia had already begun the process of declaring independence.
The organization organized citizen protests around JNA barracks starting on August 29, 1991 which lasted four days and drew tens of thousands of people. Members of the organization travelled to the Yugoslav capital of Belgrade to demand the release of the conscripts.
On September 3, representatives travelled to the European Commission in Brussels to request the international recognition of Croatia to prevent war from escalating.

</doc>
<doc id="19388456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388456" title="Basketball at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads">
Basketball at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads

Belgium had a squad of 14 players.
Head coach: 

The Republic of China had a squad of 14 players.
Head coach: 

Belgium had a squad of 11 players.
Head coach: Herbert Niiler

Mexico had a squad of 11 players.
Head coach: 

Peru had a squad of 13 players.
Head coach: Pedro Vera as playing coach

The Philippines had a squad of 12 players.
Head coach: Dionisio Calvo

Poland had a squad of 14 players.
Head coach: Walenty Kłyszejko

Switzerland had a squad of 13 players.
Head coach: 

The United States had a squad of 14 players.
Head coach: Jimmy Needles (Universal Pictures (CA))

</doc>
<doc id="19388462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388462" title="Stung Battambang River">
Stung Battambang River

Stung Battambang River is a river in Cambodia. It is a major tributary of the Tonlé Sap.

</doc>
<doc id="19388464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388464" title="Blade of Triumph">
Blade of Triumph

Blade of Triumph is the fourth full-length album by Danish power metal band Iron Fire. It was released in 2007 by Napalm Records.
Album line-up.
"Source: Official Iron Fire-homepage"<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19388467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388467" title="Petalium">
Petalium

Petalium is a genus of beetles in the family Anobiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19388469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388469" title="Ernst Gutting">
Ernst Gutting

Ernst Gutting (January 30, 1919 – September 27, 2013) was a German prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. As of 2013 he was the oldest German Roman Catholic bishop.
Gutting was born in Ludwigshafen, Germany, and was ordained a priest on July 3, 1949. Gutting was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Speyer, as well as titular bishop of Sufar, on May 31, 1971 and ordained a bishop on September 12, 1971. Gutting retired as auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Speyer on February 24, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19388474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388474" title="Stung Pheas River">
Stung Pheas River

Stung Pheas River is a river in Cambodia. It is a major tributary of the Tonlé Sap.

</doc>
<doc id="19388530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388530" title="Cantons of the Soviet Union">
Cantons of the Soviet Union

Cantons were administrative units in several autonomous republics and regions of Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, and then the Soviet Union, in 1920–1941. Cantons existed in Bashkir ASSR (1922–1930),
Dagestan ASSR (1928–1929), Kirghiz ASSR (1926–1930), Tatar ASSR (1920–1930), Mariyskaya AO and the Volga German ASSR.

</doc>
<doc id="19388566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388566" title="Unholy (song)">
Unholy (song)

"Unholy" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss, written by Gene Simmons and Vinnie Vincent. Featured on their 1992 album "Revenge", the song is one of the three Vincent co-writes to appear on the album despite the fact that he had been fired from the band 8 years earlier. The release of "Unholy" signaled the return to a heavier sound for Kiss and was their first single to feature a lead vocal by bassist Gene Simmons since "I Love It Loud" in 1982 (a song also co-written by Vincent). The song was played live during the "Revenge" Tour and was included on the 1993 live album "Alive III", but did not return to the live Kiss set list until 2004's Rock the Nation Tour.
Background.
"Unholy" was co-written by Gene Simmons and Vinnie Vincent, although Vincent was fired in 1984. Simmons stated in his book "Kiss and Make-Up":
<br>"Vinnie Vincent came up to me and apologized for causing the band all the grief while he was a member. He wanted to patch things up and wondered if I would consider writing some songs with him.
<br>Sure, I said. I wanted to let bygones be bygones. I called Paul and told him that Vinnie had apparently changed. Paul wrote songs with him as well. But before the album was released, Vinnie was up to his old tricks again. He reneged on a signed deal we had made and decided that he wanted to renegotiate. He eventually sued us and lost. As far as I was concerned, he was persona non grata forever."
Two other songs which appear on the album, "I Just Wanna" and "Heart of Chrome", were also co-written by Vincent. The song is, according to Simmons, based on a Wicked Lester song "Keep Me Waiting" which appears on the album The Original Wicked Lester Sessions. Vincent suggested a number of changes, mostly lyrical changes which as Simmons said, made the song even better.
"Unholy" was the first single in 10 years to feature Simmons on lead vocals since I Love It Loud and is considered one of the heaviest songs in the band's catalog. The song features Jesse Damon from Silent Rage, who sang backing vocals on the track. He also sang backing vocals on "Thou Shalt Not" (which he even co-wrote), "Take It Off", "Tough Love", "Heart of Chrome" and "I Just Wanna".
As a single, "Unholy" was released in the United States as a promotional single, but it broke the Top-30 in five countries, reaching its highest in Norway, number 2, which was the highest of all singles from Revenge. The B-side was God Gave Rock 'N' Roll to You II, a reworking of the Argent song God Gave Rock and Roll to You.
Music video.
A music video was filmed at Southern Bay Studios in Carson, California and was directed by Paul Rachman. The video did not receive airplay because it showed children dancing on pentagrams and "Damien" (Omen) like twins casting demonic shadows which would cause mass protests at MTV from the Christian conservatives.
Covers.
In 2008, the song was parodied on the Kiss tribute album "KISS MY ANKH: A Tribute To Vinnie Vincent", written and performed by rock & roll comic C.C. Banana. The parody is called "Ted Poley" and was inspired by a real life encounter between Danger Danger vocalist Ted Poley and Kiss frontman Paul Stanley, while the two bands were on tour together in 1992. The other cover found on the album was recorded by Curse God and Die.
<br>German band Die Ärzte, who supported Kiss in 1996, recorded a German version of the song in 1994 for the tribute album "".
<br>American rock band Black Veil Brides did a cover of the song on their EP Rebels which was released on December 23, 2011. Ozzy Osbourne/Black Label Society guitarist, Zakk Wylde is featured on this version, playing the guitar solo The song was revealed to the public on Youtube on December 14, 2011. Black Veil Brides has cited Kiss (along with Mötley Crüe) as their biggest influences image-wise.
Appearances.
"Unholy" has appeared on following Kiss albums:
Personnel.
with

</doc>
<doc id="19388595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388595" title="Timothy DiDuro">
Timothy DiDuro

Timothy DiDuro (born August 2, 1971) is a former drummer for Skid Row, Slaughter and is now the current drummer for the rock band Pipestone.
Biography.
Born in Geneva, New York, DiDuro learned to play drums at age 5. He played with various local bands during high school, including a band called "Madden." He moved to Orlando, Florida in 1991 and played with Donald "Duck" MacDonald in the band Playground for 5 years.
He joined The Kill in 1997; in 1998, the Kill won a contest called "Kick Start Your Career," which was a Battle of the Bands-type competition that the band Mötley Crüe was sponsoring; one winner in each city got to open for the Mötley Crüe show- the Kill opened in Orlando. The Kill also won the 1998 Orlando Music Awards for best Metal Band. They released one album on Forbidden Records in 1998. He then played with Brizz (one of the original founding member of the band ]) from 2001-2003.
In early 2004, he replaced Skid Row's drummer Phil Varone, who had abruptly left the band, citing personal reasons. He also appeared in the Skid Row video "Ghost." In late 2004, he auditioned for Slaughter and played until 2011, but he still remains their temporary touring drummer.
He has also played with Vince Neil, and Mark Slaughter's band Scrap Metal. Scrap Metal consists of Mark Slaughter and other platinum-selling singers such as Gunnar Nelson (Nelson) and Eric Martin (Mr. Big).
Timbo is currently playing with Pipestone, which is a five piece heavy rock band from the Florida area. Collectively the band members have had 5 number one radio hits and have toured the United States extensively with other projects. The band is currently recording their first CD with producer Brett Hestla (Dark New Day/Framing Hanley) which is slated for release later this year.
Discography.
The Kill

</doc>
<doc id="19388627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388627" title="Anteater">
Anteater

Anteater is a common name for the four mammal species of the suborder Vermilingua (meaning "worm tongue") commonly known for eating ants and termites. The individual species have other names in English and other languages. Together with the sloths, they compose the order Pilosa. The name "anteater" is also colloquially applied to the unrelated aardvark, numbat, echidnas, pangolins and some members of the Oecobiidae.
Extant species include the giant anteater "Myrmecophaga tridactyla", about long including the tail; the silky anteater "Cyclopes didactylus", about long; the southern tamandua or collared anteater "Tamandua tetradactyla", about long; and the northern tamandua "Tamandua mexicana" of similar dimensions.
Classification.
The anteaters are more closely related to the sloths than they are to any other group of mammals. Their next closest relations are armadillos. Three genera are still living: the giant and the silky anteaters, and the northern and southern tamanduas, and several genera are extinct.
Order Pilosa
Physical characteristics.
All anteaters have elongated snouts equipped with a thin tongue that can be extended to a length greater than the length of the head; their tube-shaped mouths have lips but no teeth. They use their large, curved foreclaws to tear open ant and termite mounds and for defense, while their dense and long fur protects them from attacks from the insects. All species except the giant anteater have a prehensile tail.
Behaviour.
Anteaters are mostly solitary mammals prepared to defend their 1.0- to 1.5-mi2 (2.6- to 2.9-km2) territories. Normally, they do not enter a territory of another anteater of the same sex, but males often enter the territory of associated females. When a territorial dispute occurs, they vocalize, swat, and can sometimes sit on or even ride the back of their opponents.
Anteaters have a poor sense of sight, but an excellent sense of smell, and most species depend on the latter for foraging, feeding, and defence. Their sense of hearing is thought to be good.
With a body temperature fluctuating between , anteaters, like other xenarthrans, have among the lowest body temperatures of any mammal, and can tolerate greater fluctuations in body temperature than most mammals. Its daily energy intake from food is only slightly greater than its energy need for daily activities, and anteaters probably coordinate their body temperatures so they keep cool during periods of rest, and heat up during foraging.
Reproduction.
Adult males are slightly larger and more muscular than females, and have wider heads and necks. Visual sex determination can, however, be difficult, since the penis and testes are located internally between the rectum and urinary bladder in males and females have a single pair of mammae near the armpits. Fertilization occurs by contact transfer without intromission, similar to some lizards. Polygynous mating usually results in a single offspring; twins are possible but rare. The large foreclaws prevent mothers from grasping their newborns and they therefore have to carry the offspring until they are self-sufficient.
Feeding.
Anteaters are specialized to feed on ants, termites and sometimes spiders, each anteater species having its own insect preferences: small species are specialized on arboreal insects living on small branches, while large species can penetrate the hard covering of the nests of terrestrial insects. To avoid the jaws, sting, and other defences of the invertebrates, anteaters have adopted the feeding strategy to lick up many ants and termites as quickly as possible — an anteater normally spends about a minute at a nest before moving on to another — and a giant anteater has to visit up to 200 nests to consume the thousands of insects it needs to satisfy its caloric requirements.
The anteater's tongue is covered with thousands of tiny hooks called filiform papillae which are used to hold the insects together with large amounts of saliva. Swallowing and the movement of the tongue are aided by side-to-side movements of the jaws. The anteater's stomach, similarly to a bird's gizzard, has hardened folds and uses strong contractions to grind the insects; a digestive process assisted by small amounts of ingested sand and dirt.
The tongue is attached to the sternum and moves very quickly, flicking 150 times per minute.
Distribution.
Silky anteaters and northern tamanduas extend their ranges as far north as southeastern Mexico, while giant anteaters can be found as far north as Central America. Southern tamanduas range south to Uruguay (giant anteaters did also until their recent extirpation there) and the ranges of all species except the northern tamandua overlap in eastern Brazil. Anteaters were confined to South America, which was formerly an island continent, during most of the Cenozoic Era. Once the Isthmus of Panama formed about three million years ago, however, anteaters invaded Central America as part of the Great American Interchange.
Habitat.
Anteater habitats includes dry tropical forests, rainforests, grasslands, and savannas. The silky anteater ("Cyclopes didactylus") is specialized to an arboreal environment, but the more opportunistic tamanduas find their food both on the ground and in trees, typically in dry forests near streams and lakes. The almost entirely terrestrial giant anteater ("Myrmecophaga tridactyla") lives in savannas.
The two anteaters of the genus "Tamandua", the southern ("Tamandua tetradactyla") and the northern tamanduas ("Tamandua mexicana"), are much smaller than the giant anteater, and differ essentially from it in their habits, being mainly arboreal. They inhabit the dense primeval forests of South and Central America. The usual colour is yellowish-white, with a broad black lateral band, covering nearly the whole of the side of the body.
The silky anteater ("Cyclopes didactylus") is a native of the hottest parts of South and Central America, and about the size of a cat, of a general yellowish color, and exclusively arboreal in its habits.
Evolution.
Anteaters are one of three surviving families of a once diverse group of mammals that occupied South America while it was geographically isolated from an invasion of animals from North America, the other two being the sloths and the armadillos.
At one time, anteaters were assumed to be related to aardvarks and pangolins because of their physical similarities to those animals, but these similarities have since been determined to be not a sign of a common ancestor, but of convergent evolution. All have evolved powerful digging forearms, long tongues, and toothless, tube-like snouts to make a living by raiding termite mounds. This similarity is the reason aardvarks are also commonly called "anteaters"; the pangolin has been called the "scaly anteater"; and the word "antbear" is a common term for both the aardvark and the giant anteater.

</doc>
<doc id="19388654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388654" title="Free Eats">
Free Eats

Free Eats is a 1932 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Ray McCarey. It was the 112th (24th talking Our Gang episode) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
The gang along with other poor children in the town are given a party with games and great food to eat. In addition, each child would be given a food basket to bring home to their parents. Its given by a wealthy woman whose husband is running for office. Meanwhile a couple criminals have set up two midgets to come to the party as babies. They would steal tons of expensive jewelry and planned on robbing a safe filled with tons of money. Stymie caught the "fidgets" in the safe. The rest of the gang come to Stymie's rescue as the midgets pull a gun. An alarm goes off and the police come and arrest the midgets and all ends well.
Notes.
"Free Eats" marked the debut appearance of George "Spanky" McFarland. He and his brother Tommy auditioned for "Our Gang" in the Spring of 1931, with Spanky passing a screen test easily. Tommy also appeared in many "Our Gang" film in bit roles.

</doc>
<doc id="19388655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388655" title="Rafael Manchola">
Rafael Manchola

Rafael Antonio Manchola (died about 1833) was a politician and military officer in Mexican Texas. He twice served as commandant of Presidio La Bahía. He served two terms in the legislature of the state of Coahuila y Tejas. At his behest, the community which had grown outside the fort was renamed Goliad and elevated in status to a "villa". During his legislative service, Manchola also negotiated official boundaries for the colony of his father-in-law, Martín De León, and had a commissioner appointed to grant official titles to the settlers in that colony. After returning home, Manchola became the "alcade" of Goliad and initiated a resolution–then considered illegal– supporting the Constitution of 1824 and Mexican President Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna. He briefly attended the Convention of 1832 and volunteered to accompany William H. Wharton in journeying to Mexico City to request separate statehood for Texas. The mission was postponed, and Manchola died of cholera in late 1832 or early 1833.
Personal life.
Rafael Manchola was descended from an aristocratic Spanish family. He married María de Jesús de León, fourth daughter of empresario Martín de León. Manchola and his wife had one daughter.
Military and business careers.
Manchola was a Mexican military officer stationed at Presidio La Bahía in Mexican Texas. He served as the commandant of the presidio from 1826–7 and then in 1831. Manchola owned a large ranch, and his cattle brand was one of the first registered in the Goliad and Victoria area.
Manchola was very supportive of his father-in-law's colony and became involved in several disputes that de Leon had with fellow empresario Green DeWitt. The Mexican government had made an error when granting DeWitt lands on which to establish a colony and included part of the land that had already been assigned to de Leon and his settlers. The land disputes may have contributed to a warning that Manchola gave to the Mexican military commander for Texas:
"'No faith can be placed in the Anglo-American colonists because they are continually demonstrating that they absolutely refuse to be subordinate, unless they find it convenient to what they want anyway, all of which I believe will be very detrimental to us for them to be our neighbors if we do not in time, clip the wings of their audacity by stationing a strong detachment in each new settlement which will enforce the laws and jurisdiction of a Mexican magistrate which should be placed in each of them, since under their own colonists as judges, they do nothing more than practice their own laws which they have practiced since they were born, forgetting the ones they have sworn to obey, these being the laws of our Supreme Government.'"
Politics.
In 1829 and 1830, Manchola served as one of two delegates to represent the area around La Bahía in the legislature of the state of Coahuila y Tejas. One of his first acts was to propose a renaming of the town from which he was elected. The town which had grown around the presidio was also known as La Bahía (the bay), despite the fact that neither presidio nor town were currently located on or near a bay. Manchola proposed that the town be renamed after Father Hidalgo, who had played a great role in the Mexican War of Independence. Rather than name the town Hidalgo, though, Manchola created an anagram, "Goliad". The request was approved on February 4, 1829. At the same time, the town was elevated to a "villa", making it a small capital town with jurisdiction over nearby areas. During his term he also protested to the governor, Agustin Viesca, insisting that the Mexican government enforce the September 1823 order to secularize all missions that had been operating for more than 10 years. Manchola prepared detailed documentation of the histories of the missions in his area and incidents in which settlers accused the mission Indians of wrongdoing. Manchola wanted the missions to be disbanded, with the lands sold to settlers. Viesca soon ordered the political chief at San Antonio de Bexar to enforce the secularization order, which was finally implemented in 1830.
Manchola also successfully helped the settlers in his father's colony to resolve title issues. Under his prodding, the legislature finally set official boundaries for de Leon's colony and appointed a commissioner to issue titles to the families which had already settled in that area. This resulted in the creation of a new municipality for the area around Guadalupe Victoria, the major city in de Leon's colony.
After his legislative term ended, Manchola was elected "alcade" (mayor) of Goliad. Manchola was a firm believer that Texas deserved separate statehood within Mexico. In August 1832, at the request of his friend, influential "empresario" Stephen F. Austin, Manchola used his influence with the local council to persuade them to make an official declaration of support for Mexican President Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna and the Mexican Constitution of 1824. At the time, such a declaration was illegal. Soon, however, the governor of Coahuila y Tejas and other communities within the state made similar declarations.
In October 1832, delegates met at the Convention of 1832 to write a constitution for a proposed state of Texas. Manchola reached the convention shortly after the delegates approved the document and had elected William H. Wharton to bring it to Mexico City. Manchola volunteered to accompany Wharton at his own expense—he and other delegates thought the expedition might have more success if a "Tejano" was also involved. Their departure was delayed after Austin and the political leaders in San Antonio de Bexar expressed reservations about the timing of the request. Within a few weeks, a cholera epidemic reached Texas. Manchola likely died during the epidemic.

</doc>
<doc id="19388660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388660" title="José de Jesús Pimiento Rodriguez">
José de Jesús Pimiento Rodriguez

José de Jesús Pimiento Rodriguez (born February 18, 1919) is a Colombian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church.
Rodriguez was born in Zapatoca, Colombia and was ordained a priest on December 14, 1941. He was appointed Auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Pasto, as well as Titular Bishop of Apollonis on June 14, 1955 and ordained bishop on August 28, 1955. On December 30, 1959, he was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Monteria and was then appointed bishop of the Diocese of Garzón-Neiva February 29, 1964. His final appointment as bishop was on May 22, 1975 to the diocese Archdiocese of Manizales, from which he retired on October 15, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19388663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388663" title="Gourimanohari">
Gourimanohari

Gourimanohari or Gowrimanohari is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 23rd "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. The 23rd "melakarta" rāgam as per Muthuswami Dikshitar school of music is .
Hindustani music does not have an equivalent to this rāgam, where the "purvanga" (first half of the scale) is like "Kafi thaat", while the "uttaranga" (second half) is like "Bilaval thaat".
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 5th rāgam in the 4th "chakra Veda". The mnemonic name is "Veda-Ma". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ri gi ma pa dhi nu". Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
The notes used in this scale are "shadjam, chathusruthi rishabham, sadharana gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, panchamam, chathusruthi dhaivatham" and "kakali nishadham". It is a "sampurna" rāgam – a rāgam that has all seven "swaras" (notes). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Dharmavati", which is the 59th "melakarta".
"Janya" rāgams.
It has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams to lookup all rāgams associated with it.
Popular compositions.
The following are a few popular compositions in this rāgam.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Gourimanohari's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 3 other major "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Vachaspati", "Natakapriya" and "Charukesi". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration see "Graha bhedam on Vachaspati".

</doc>
<doc id="19388676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388676" title="Thomas Owen Jacobsen">
Thomas Owen Jacobsen

Thomas Owen Jacobsen (1864 - 15 June 1941) was a British businessman and Liberal politician. He was born in Liverpool, and was the son of a naturalised Dane. He was a master printer and the senior partner in the stationery company of Jacobsen, Welch and Company, whose paper mills were at Hyde, Cheshire.
In March 1916, Francis Neilson, MP for Hyde, resigned his seat. Jacobsen was chosen as Coalition Liberal candidate, and was elected at the ensuing by-election. He held the seat until the 1918 general election, when the constituency was abolished. In 1917 he was appointed as private secretary to Leo Chiozza Money, Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Shipping.
In 1918 he contested the new seat of Stalybridge & Hyde and was defeated;
Jacobsen was a resident of Brixton in South London, and in 1919 he was elected as a member of the London County Council for Lambeth North. He was part of the Liberal-supported Progressive grouping on the council. In 1921 the MP for Southwark South East resigned, and Jacobsen was chosen by the local Liberal Progressive and Radical Association to fight the by-election. He was not opposed by the Conservative Party, but refused to describe himself as a Coalition Liberal, but as a "Liberal supporting the Coalition Government". The contest took place on 14 December 1921, and Jacobsen was heavily defeated by Thomas Naylor, leader of the London Labour Party.
Jacobsen lost his seat on the London County Council in 1922, and stood unsuccessfully for the Liberals at Lambeth Kennington at both the 1923 and 1924 general elections. The 1929 election was his last electoral contest, when he failed to win the City of London for the Liberals.
Jacobsen retired from politics, and was president of the Stationers Association of Great Britain and Ireland from 1929 to 1931. In 1935 the Jacobsen and Welch Company was sold. He died in Worthing, Sussex, in 1941, aged 77.

</doc>
<doc id="19388681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388681" title="The Buik of Alexander">
The Buik of Alexander

The Buik of Alexander is a short title for the two known Scots versions of the Alexander romance stories — a genre which was common in Medieval European literature, particularly France from the 12th century onwards, and the British Isles in the 14th and 15th centuries. A principal source text for these was the Old French text, "Li romans d'Alixandre", attributed to Alexandre de Bernay, although writers tended to adapt material freely from different sources. Many different European nations had poets who produced versions of the romance. The dating is unsure, but the earlier of the two Scottish versions was anonymous (dated 1438?), and the second, in a version dated 1499?, is by Gilbert Hay.
Anonymous version.
The earlier of the two versions from Scotland is the anonymous The Scots Buik of the most noble and vailyzeand Conqueror Alexander the Great. A few witnesses have tried to ascribe the text of this to the seminal Scots poet John Barbour and some of its passages certainly use material from "The Brus", an original verse romance, and Barbour's most famous poem. The sole witness for this "Buik of Alexander", however, is a single version printed at the Edinburgh press of Alexander Arbuthnot, c. 1580. It gives the date of its source as 1438, some forty years after Barbour's death.
Gilbert Hay's version.
The second surviving Scottish work in the genre is The Buik of King Alexander the Conquerour composed by the poet, Gilbert Hay.

</doc>
<doc id="19388714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388714" title="Harmoko">
Harmoko

Harmoko (born 7 February 1939 in Kertosono, Nganjuk, East Java, Dutch East Indies) is an Indonesian politician. He served as information minister in the New Order regime of President Suharto from 1983 until 1997 and chairman of the People's Consultative Assembly and People's Representative Council from 1997 until 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19388734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388734" title="Spanky (film)">
Spanky (film)

Spanky is a 1932 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 113th (25th talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
Although this is a remake of a 1920's silent Our Gang episode called "Uncle Tom's Uncle", the main character is Spanky. Early scenes of this film were part of Spanky's screen test taken back in April 1931 during his first visit to Hal Roach Studios. It included him bug hunting. Meanwhile, his brother Breezy Brisbane and the rest of the gang are putting on a play of Uncle Tom's Cabin. Brisbane is forced to supervise Spanky. Also, Spanky's dad refuses to spend money in order to keep the house clean though he has tons of it hidden in a closet.
Spanky disrupts the play the whole time and the play itself is a flop and the kids that came to watch it ruin the play even more by throwing tomatoes and garbage at the gang as they are trying to put the show on. Spanky also finds his dad's money and begins throwing it out the window. The kids all run out and try to steal the money and Spanky's dad arrives and throws the kids out forcing them to give back the money. The gang helps clean up the money and the father promises to put the money in the bank and spend more on mom and the kids.
Note.
Coincidently, Bobby Mallon appeared in both "Spanky" and "Uncle Tom's Uncle" and was the only actor to do so.
On the syndicated television print, 12 minutes of this episode, which are the scenes of "Uncle Tom's Cabin" were edited out in 1971 making the film only nine minutes long. This was due to perceived racism toward African Americans. Its been available on home video on several collections and is becoming available on DVD in its entirety on October 28, 2008.
Tommy Bond has made his first appearance in this film. Tommy has appeared in 12 other Films as the role of Tommy. He however also known as Butch once he replaces Leonard Kibrick

</doc>
<doc id="19388743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388743" title="Brezis">
Brezis

Brezis is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19388751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388751" title="Cyril Lello">
Cyril Lello

Cyril Lello (1921–1997) was an English professional footballer who played for Shrewsbury Town, Everton, Rochdale and Runcorn.
Born in Ludlow, Shropshire, he had played at amateur level for Ludlow Town and Hereford United before turning professional when he joined Shrewsbury Town in 1939. He made guest appearances for various clubs during the time of the Second World War, then signed for Everton in 1946. He set a record 155 consecutive appearances for the club. He transferred to Rochdale in 1956.
In retirement after playing for Runcorn, he ran an electrical goods shop and ran youth club football sides for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="19388758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388758" title="The Wrong Doyle">
The Wrong Doyle

The Wrong Doyle is a Mystery, or Crime novel by Robert Girardi.
Plot introduction.
Tim Doyle after much wandering abroad, returns to his roots on the Eastern Shore of Virginia, investigating the legacy of his Uncle Buck.
Plot summary.
Tim Doyle returns to the Eastern Shore after the death of his Uncle Buck. As pressure rises for him to sell out quick, his suspicions rise, and his investigations escalate. He meets the keeper of Uncle Buck's inheritance, Maggie Peach, at Doyle's Pirate Island putt putt golf course and motel.
Publishing history.
Originally published by a British publisher, Spectre, in 2002. Then picked up by Justin Charles in 2004 in the United States. His original publisher, Delacorte after the purchase of Random House by Bertelsmann, let slip the well regarded novelist.
Criticism.
"One of the great protean imaginations of the twentieth century, Robert Girardi combines a firm grasp of the real with a marvelously entertaining flair for the fantastic. "The Wrong Doyle", as much as "Vaporetto 13" or "Madeline's Ghost", provides a ringing answer to the question: "What if a literary writer knew how to plot?"" Madison Smartt Bell
Kirkus, 15 January 2004
" tongue-in-cheek yarn about a feisty Virginian and the scurvy knaves ranged against him...It's all good, not-so-clean fun..."
Publishers Weekly, 23 February 2004
Publishers Weekly
"Girardi's delightfully improbable and loosely plotted fourth novel...is a raunchily erotic mishmash of pirate lore, putt-putt golf, corporate chicanery, Irish gangsters and tongue-in-cheek reflections on matters ecological."
Marco Notarianni, writing in the Times Literary Supplement, thought that Girardi "takes a risk by focusing on the decidedly banal subject of crazy golf", complained of a "lack of tension" as well as a "general lack of sophistication throughout the novel", commented, that it "still manages to provide entertainment, is testament to Girardi's ability as a storyteller."

</doc>
<doc id="19388799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388799" title="AC Pure">
AC Pure

AC Pure was a 24-hour music format produced by Waitt Radio Networks and then by Dial Global under its Dial Global Local banner. Its playlist was composed of adult contemporary music released from the 1970s to this day from artists such as Phil Collins, Celine Dion, Rod Stewart Gloria Estefan, Michael Bolton, etc. that mainly targeted listeners ages 25-54. 
In June 2012, due to reorganizations at Dial Global, the Dial Global Local 24/7 formats were fully integrated into Dial Global's portfolio of formats, and "Dial Global Local" ceased to exist as a brand name. However, most of the former Dial Global Local formats are still offered to affiliate stations in the same manner in which they were previously offered. AC Pure continues as a Local version of Dial Global's Adult Contemporary format.

</doc>
<doc id="19388808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388808" title="Qaraxanbəyli">
Qaraxanbəyli

Qaraxanbəyli or Karakhanbeyli or Karakhan-begly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19388834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388834" title="Kew Cottages">
Kew Cottages

Kew Cottages aka Kew Idiot Asylum, Kew Idiot Ward, Kew Children's Cottages and finally as Kew Residential Services is a decommissioned special development school and residential service located in Kew, an eastern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The Children's Cottages at Kew were first opened in 1887 as the "Idiot Ward" of Kew Asylum. Located on the asylum's grounds, the children's cottages were established to provide separate accommodation for child inmates who had previously been housed with adult patients. Although the Cottages only admitted children as patients, many of those children remained in residence at the Cottages as adults.
The function of the institution was to provide accommodation and educational instruction for mentally retarded children. Some Wards of the State and other various "difficult" children were also admitted.
Shortly after opening, the Idiot Ward began functioning separately from the Kew Lunatic Asylum, and became known as the Kew Idiot Asylum from 1887 until c.1929. From 1929 they have been known as the "Children's Cottages, Kew" or alternatively "Kew Cottages Training Centre".
The institution was finally closed in July 2008, after the grounds were redeveloped from 2001 to October 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19388870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388870" title="Choo-Choo!">
Choo-Choo!

Choo-Choo! is a 1932 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 114th (26th talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released. It is a remake of the 1923 "Our Gang" film "A Pleasant Journey".
Plot.
Exchanging clothes with a group of mischievous orphans, the kids end up on a train headed for Chicago. Pressed into service as the kids' supervisor, effeminate Travelers Aid attendant Mr. Henderson (Dell Henderson) suffers torment, especially when he tries to prevent three-year old Spanky from socking the nose of every adult in sight.
Things come to a head when the kids manage to get hold of some fireworks, at the same time accidentally releasing a menagerie of circus animals from the baggage car. At the end of the episode, Mr. Henderson is told he has the wrong children and must bring them back on a train to California.

</doc>
<doc id="19388877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388877" title="Bathurst Basin">
Bathurst Basin

Bathurst Basin is a small triangular basin adjoining the main harbour of the city of Bristol, England. The basin gets its name from Charles Bathurst, who was an MP in Bristol in the early 19th century. 
The basin was built on an area of an old mill pond, Trin Mills also known as Treen / Trimm / Trim Mills. The pond lost its water supply from the River Malago as the New Cut was created. At one time it formed a connection, through two sets of locks, between the Floating Harbour and the tidal River Avon in the New Cut. The connection enabled smaller vessels to bypass the main entrance locks in Cumberland Basin. The area used to be an industrial dock with warehouses and numerous shipyards at the adjoining Wapping Shipyard and Docks, including Hilhouse, William Scott & Sons and William Patterson . Now there is a small marina, with residential quayside properties. 
The Bristol Harbour Railway connected to the main line system at Temple Meads, via a swing bridge over the Northern entrance dock to the basin and a tunnel beneath St Mary Redcliffe. The tunnel still exists, but is now blocked, and the original railway swing bridge has been replaced with a swing footbridge. This bridge is manually swung by a hydraulic pump action.
Bristol General Hospital is located on the Eastern quay of the basin. When constructed in 1859, the hospital was built with basement warehouse space to defray its operating costs. The Southern quay has never had any substantial buildings on it and for many years was used by Holms Sand & Gravel Co. as a depot for building materials, brought in by boat and offloaded into road vehicles. A travelling crane on an overhead gantry was used to handle these.
The lock to the New Cut was blocked at the beginning of World War II to ensure that in case of damage by bombing, the waters of the Floating Harbour could not drain into the river. It was shut permanently in 1952.
The basin is the home for Cabot Cruising Club who own the lightship "John Sebastian", which was commissioned in 1886. It was acquired by the club in 1954 and opened as its headquarters a few years later in 1959. Facilities at the basin include a toilet and shower block, a water tap and refuse and chemical toilet disposal points.
Also in the surroundings of the basin are the Ostrich and Louisiana (originally the Bathurst Hotel) pubs.

</doc>
<doc id="19388884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388884" title="Jean-Michel Thierry">
Jean-Michel Thierry

Jean-Michel Thierry de Crussol (1916–2011) was a French physician and art historian. His specialities are in Byzantine and Armenian art.
He was born on August 13, 1916 in Bagnères de Luchon, France. He studied and got his education in Paris. He co-wrote the book "Armenian Art" in 1989 and also wrote many articles concerning Armenian art, especially Armenian architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19388922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388922" title="Vayxır">
Vayxır

Vayxır or Vaykhyr may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19388938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388938" title="BX Boötis">
BX Boötis

BX Boötis is a variable star in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19388949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388949" title="The Pooch">
The Pooch

The Pooch is a 1932 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 115th (27th talking) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
Cheerful vagrant Stymie tries to get back in the good graces of the gang after stealing their pies. When a mean dogcatcher (Budd Fine) tries to round up Pete the Pup, Stymie comes to the rescue, earning the undying devotion of the kids and the animosity of the dogcatcher, who vengefully bundles Petey off to the pound, intending to consign the poor pooch to the gas chamber. Desperately, Stymie prays for the five dollars necessary to spring Pete, whereupon a five-spot blows out of the hands of a lady shopper and lands at Stymie's feet. After out smarting a cop, with the help of Spanky, that was in pursuit to take it back he and the gang race to the dog pound. Upon arriving the dog catcher says that he already gassed Petey and was dead. Stymie and the gang sulk as another employee of the pound tells them Petey isn't dead. It turns out there wasn't any gas in the cylinders and Petey was just sitting alive in the chamber when opened. It ends with Petey chasing the dog catcher for revenge with the gang following.

</doc>
<doc id="19388958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388958" title="J37">
J37

J37 may refer to :
As well as:

</doc>
<doc id="19388998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19388998" title="Mohamed El Badraoui">
Mohamed El Badraoui

El Badraoui played for Erzurumspor, Bursaspor and Adanaspor in the Turkish Süper Lig. He also played for Espérance Sportive de Tunis during its 1997 CAF Cup championship.
He was part of the Morocco national football team squad at the 1992 Summer Olympics, appearing in two matches. El Badraoui played several matches for the senior national team, including participation in the 2000 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="19389006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389006" title="Good Time (The Beach Boys song)">
Good Time (The Beach Boys song)

"Good Time" is a song written by Brian Wilson and Al Jardine for the American rock band the Beach Boys. The instrumental track and vocals were recorded by the group in early 1970 but was left unreleased by the group until the 1977 album "Love You". In 1972 American pop duo American Spring released "Good Time" as their second single, recording their voices atop the Beach Boys' instrumental track.
Recording history.
The basic track for "Good Time" was first recorded by the Beach Boys on January 7, 1970 at Brian Wilson's home studio with horns and strings overdubbed at a later date. The track was included on the provisional tracklisting for "Add Some Music", but when that album and "Reverberation" were reconfigured by Warner Bros. Records into "Sunflower", "Good Time" was not included.
In the second quarter of 1972, Marilyn Wilson of American Spring overdubbed a lead vocal atop the backing track and backing vocals from the Beach Boys' 1970 session with further work done by producers Brian Wilson, David Sandler and Steven Desper. This version of "Good Time" was issued as a single on May 1, 1972 and was later included on their début album "Spring".
The Beach Boys released an unadorned version of the original 1970 take of "Good Time" on their twenty-first studio album "Love You" in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19389023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389023" title="Super-Patriot (Marvel Comics)">
Super-Patriot (Marvel Comics)

Super-Patriot is a name used by two supervillains and a superhero in the universe of Marvel Comics. The first was an enemy of Nick Fury and S.H.I.E.L.D.. John Walker, who later became Captain America, then later U.S. Agent, used the name Super-Patriot to rival Captain America, then tapped by the Commission on Superhuman Activities, to replace Steve Rogers as Captain America; then adopted the moniker U.S. Agent. Later, Mike Farrell, a former neighbor of Steve Rogers, became Super-Patriot and allied himself with Dead Ringer.
Fictional character biography.
Super-Patriot - alias Patric List - was first seen staging a political rally in New York City, protesting the immigration policies of the United States. His speech labeled American officials who allow foreigners on American soil as "traitors", and encouraged American citizens to overthrow the government. Agents of the anti-terrorist organization S.H.I.E.L.D. came on the scene to arrest Super-Patriot for his refusal of a federal subpoena, and the conflict quickly devolved into a gun battle between the two, from which Super-Patriot ultimately escaped unscathed.
Nick Fury, then a fugitive on the run from S.H.I.E.L.D., receives intelligence from a friend that Super-Patriot is planning a terrorist attack on the United Nations. An undercover agent of the Super-Patriot's informs him that Fury is no threat; this agent later reveals himself to Fury as Jasper Sitwell, a S.H.I.E.L.D. mole. Fury trades places with him and arrives at the United Nations Headquarters just as Super-Patriot is about to destroy it with his "Ultimate Weapon". S.H.I.E.L.D. shows up, and a three-way battle erupts, during which the Super-Patriot attempts to flee, clutching an American flag to his body (believing that S.H.I.E.L.D. agents will not fire at the flag). However, he accidentally trips over the fabric and falls to his death.
Nick Fury removes the Super-Patriot's mask to reveal Nick Fury's own face underneath. However, in later comics it is revealed that this was merely a hallucinatory vision induced by a "truth serum" S.H.I.E.L.D. had used on Fury with the intention of testing his loyalty. The battle with Super-Patriot was apparently real, however, as Fury's colleague Dum Dum Dugan remembers it as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19389026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389026" title="Dimensión Latina">
Dimensión Latina

The Dimensión Latina is one of the more famous and representative Salsa music and Latin bands from Venezuela, and one of the remarkable names in the early history of Salsa in the American continent. It was founded on March 15, 1972 in Caracas, Venezuela, by six young musicians: Jose “Joseíto” Rodríguez (musical director and timbales player), pianist Jesus Narvaez, the trombonists César “Albóndiga” Monjes and José Antonio “Rojitas” Rojas, the congas player Elio Pacheco and a vocalist that would soon become one of the most popular and influential singers and musicians in the history of Latin music in the American continent: the singer and bass player Oscar D'León.
Two years after its foundation, singer Wladimir Lozano joins the group. Bearer of a singularly sweet voice, naturally talented for singing Boleros, Wladimir would form with Oscar D'León one of the most memorable duets in Latin music. The singers Argenis Carrullo, Rodrigo Mendoza and Andy Montañez were also notable members of Dimensión Latina.
In its long musical career, Dimensión Latina has earned numerous awards and trophies. Its fame and influence, characterized by the innovation and high quality of their powerful and elaborate choruses and unique arrangements, very quickly handed over the Venezuelan border, earning great success in its debut in New York in the "Salsa International" Festival in the Madison Square Garden (1977), and rapidly becoming one of the most popular salsa bands in Central and South America as well as in many cities in the United States and Europe.
Among the national and international awards that Dimensión Latina has received are: in Venezuela: Six (6) "MERIDIANO DE ORO", two (2) "GUAICAIPURO DE ORO", three (3) "MUSA DE ORIENTE", three (3) "MARA DE ORO" and one (1) "MARA DE PLATINO". In Colombia: two (2) "CONGO DE ORO". In Panamá: one (1) "BUHO DE ORO".
It is estimated that Dimensión Latina has sold about 30 million Discs, and counts more than 3000 live presentations during its long and productive history.

</doc>
<doc id="19389034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389034" title="Gregorio Garavito Jiménez">
Gregorio Garavito Jiménez

Gregorio Garavito Jiménez S.M.M. (born March 9, 1919) is a Colombian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church. As of 2009, he is one of oldest Colombian Roman Catholic bishops.
Jiménez was born in Junín, Colombia and was ordained a priest on July 24, 1942 from the religious order of Missionaries of the Company of Mary. Jiménez was appointed Auxiliary bishop of the Archiocese of Villavicencio as well as Titular bishop of Cyparissia on December 4, 1961 and ordained bishop on February 11, 1962. He was appointed Archbishop of the Archiocese of Villavicencio on April 26, 1969 and retired on May 3, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19389061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389061" title="Humberto Álvarez Machaín">
Humberto Álvarez Machaín

Humberto Álvarez Machaín is a Mexican physician from Guadalajara, Mexico, who was accused of aiding in the torture and killing of the American Drug Enforcement Administration agent, Enrique Camarena Salazar, in February 1985. Alvarez is a resident and citizen of Mexico.
Abduction.
A federal prosecutor in Los Angeles confirmed that Alvarez had been captured in Mexico by bounty hunters seeking a reward offered by the United States Government giving rise to concerns over the legality of his abduction. However, the United States Drug Enforcement Administration continues to deny news reports that it had offered a reward of as much as $100,000 for the capture of Alvarez.
Trial.
Alvarez was indicted by a federal grand jury in Los Angeles, California, in 1990 for alleged complicity in the kidnapping, torture and murder of U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) agent Enrique Camarena-Salazar and his Mexican pilot Alfredo Zavala-Avelar in Guadalajara, Mexico in February 1985. The U.S. District Court for the Central District of California issued a warrant for Alvarez's arrest after his indictment.
Repatriation.
Alvarez was tried for Camarena's kidnapping, torture and murder in 1992. After the presentation of the government's case, the district court judge granted Alvarez's motion for judgment of acquittal on the ground of insufficient evidence to support a guilty verdict. The district court specifically concluded the government's case was based on "suspicion and hunches, but no proof," and the theory of the prosecution's case was "whole cloth, the wildest speculation." As a result, Alvarez was repatriated to Mexico.
Alvarez sues the United States.
In 1993, Alvarez initiated a civil action in the United States District Court for the Central District of California alleging numerous constitutional and tort claims arising from his abduction, detention and trial. Sosa, Garate, five unnamed Mexican nationals, the United States and four DEA agents were listed as defendants. The district court ruled in favor of Alvarez in the amount of $25,000 and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed Sosa's liability on appeal.
The U.S. Supreme Court granted certiorari (a review) on December 1, 2003, to determine the issue of whether Alvarez was entitled to remedy pursuant to the Alien Tort Statute. The Supreme Court held that an illegal detention of a single day did not constitute a sufficient harm for relief.

</doc>
<doc id="19389067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389067" title="Hook and Ladder (1932 film)">
Hook and Ladder (1932 film)

Hook and Ladder is a 1932 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 116th (28th talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Synopsis.
Answering the Fire Chief's request for volunteers, the Our Gang kids form their own firefighting squadron, replete with ersatz uniforms, a fire pole, a dog-and-cat-powered alarm, and a jerry-built fire engine that must be seen to be believed. After a few false alarms and delays, the kids are afforded the opportunity to put out a real fire, which they do with the expertise of veteran smoke-eaters.
Notes and critique.
"Hook and Ladder" is a remake of the 1926 "Our Gang" comedy "The Fourth Alarm"; hand made carts the "Our Gang" kids ride on in this film are exactly the same ones used in "The Fourth Alarm". Gags from the 1922 "Our Gang" comedy "Fire Fighters" are also re-used. An amusing running gag involving Spanky McFarland's worm medicine punctuates this lively series entry.
"Hook and Ladder" employed the usual jazz based scoring about two thirds of the time. One third of the time the film reverted to an orchestral music scoring with several tunes from the 1930 Our gang film "When The Wind Blows". Most of the orchestral scoring was employed during the scenes where the gang was fighting a real fire.
This marked Dickie Moore's first appearance. He would be a lead character but would only remain for a season. This was also Sherwood Bailey's and Buddy MacDonald's last appearances on the series.
It is also the final time an Our Gang title card says: 'Our Gang' Comedies: Hal Roach presents His Rascals in...

</doc>
<doc id="19389089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389089" title="Astrópía">
Astrópía

Astrópía is a 2007 Icelandic film directed by Gunnar B. Guðmundsson.
Plot.
The film revolves around Hildur, a national celebrity and socialite who has to look for a job when her boyfriend Jolli is sent to prison. She finds a job at Astrópía, a store that sells role playing books and her immersion into geek culture changes her outlook on life.

</doc>
<doc id="19389095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389095" title="Alak people">
Alak people

The Alak or Hrlak are an Austroasiatic ethnic group of southern Laos, living mainly in Salavan Province. They speak the Alak language. Little is known of their history, though as an Austroasiatic-speaking group, their origin is presumably in the Central Highlands of Vietnam.
Culture.
Nowadays, most Alak live in scattered villages of between ten and sixty houses, traditionally built in a circular pattern around a communal house. Houses are normally built on stilts about a metre high. The main diet and trading staple is rice, farmed with the slash-and-burn method, although small game, fish, and various plants and mushrooms provide additional food.
Religious beliefs involve a range of supernatural beings, including spirits of mountains, forests and other natural features. Most villages have a shaman who helps cure the sick and predict the future for the village. The dead are typically buried in graveyards in the forest.

</doc>
<doc id="19389113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389113" title="Gondwana">
Gondwana

In paleogeography, Gondwana ,
originally Gondwanaland, is the name given to the more southerly of two supercontinents (the other being Laurasia) that were part of the Pangaea supercontinent that existed from approximately 510 to 180 million years ago (Mya). Gondwana formed prior to Pangea, then became part of Pangea, and finally broke up after the break up of Pangea. Gondwana is believed to have sutured between ca. 570 and 510 Mya, thus joining East Gondwana to West Gondwana. It separated from Laurasia 200-180 Mya (the mid-Mesozoic era) during the breakup of Pangaea, drifting farther south after the split.
Gondwana included most of the landmasses in today's Southern Hemisphere, including Antarctica, South America, Africa, Madagascar and the Australian continent, as well as the Arabian Peninsula and the Indian subcontinent, which have now moved entirely into the Northern Hemisphere.
The continent of Gondwana was named by Austrian scientist Eduard Suess, after the Gondwana region of central northern India (from Sanskrit gondavana "forest of the Gonds"), from which the Gondwana sedimentary sequences (Permian-Triassic) are also described.
The adjective Gondwanan is in common use in biogeography when referring to patterns of distribution of living organisms, typically when the organisms are restricted to two or more of the now-discontinuous regions that were once part of Gondwana, including the Antarctic flora. For example, the Proteaceae family of plants known only from southern South America, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand is considered to have a "Gondwanan distribution". This pattern is often considered to indicate an archaic, or relict, lineage.
Formation.
The assembly of Gondwana was a protracted process. Several orogenies led to its final amalgamation 550–500 Mya at the end of the Ediacaran, and into the Cambrian. These include the Brasiliano Orogeny, the East African Orogeny, the Malagasy Orogeny, and the Kuunga Orogeny. The final stages of Gondwanan assembly overlapped with the opening of the Iapetus Ocean between Laurentia and western Gondwana. During this interval the Cambrian explosion occurred.
Gondwana was formed from the following earlier continents and microcontinents, among others, colliding in the following orogenies:
One of the major sites of Gondwanan amalgamation was the East African Orogeny (Stern, 1994), where these two major orogenies are superimposed. The East African Orogeny at ~650–630 Mya affected a large part of Arabia, north-eastern Africa, East Africa and Madagascar. Collins and Windley (2002) propose that in this orogeny, Azania collided with the Congo–Tanzania–Bangweulu Block.
The later Malagasy orogeny at ~550–515 Mya affected Madagascar, eastern East Africa and southern India. In it, Neoproterozoic India collided with the already combined Azania and Congo–Tanzania–Bangweulu Block, suturing along the Mozambique Belt.
At the same time, in the Kuunga Orogeny Neoproterozoic India collided with the Australia/Mawson continent.
Pangaea.
Other large continental masses, including the core cratons of North America (the Canadian Shield or Laurentia), Europe (Baltica), and Siberia, were added over time to form the supercontinent Pangaea by Permian time. When Pangaea broke up (mostly during the Jurassic), two large masses, Gondwana and Laurasia, were formed. The re-formed Gondwanan continent was not precisely the same as that which had existed before Pangaea formed; for example, most of Florida and southern Georgia and Alabama is underlain by rocks that were originally part of Gondwana but that were left attached to North America when Pangaea broke apart.
Climate.
During the late Paleozoic, Gondwana extended from a point at or near the south pole to near the equator. Across much of Gondwana, the climate was mild. During the Mesozoic, the world was on average considerably warmer than it is today. Gondwana was then host to a huge variety of flora and fauna for many millions of years. The laurel forest of Australia, New Caledonia and New Zealand have a number of other related species of the laurissilva de Valdivia, through the connection of the Antarctic flora as gymnosperms and deciduous angiosperm Nothofagus. Corynocarpus laevigatus is called the bay of New Zealand, "Laurelia novae-zelandiae" belongs to the same genus "Laurelia". The sempervirens tree niaouli grows in Australia, New Caledonia and New Zealand. New Caledonia and New Zealand ecoregions became separated from Australia by continental drift 85 million years ago. The islands still retain plants and animals that originated in Gondwana and spread to the southern hemisphere continents later.
There is, however, strong evidence of glaciation during the Carboniferous to Permian time, especially in South Africa.
Breakup.
Mesozoic.
Gondwana began to break up in the early Jurassic (about 184 Mya) accompanied by massive eruptions of basalt lava, as East Gondwana, comprising Antarctica, Madagascar, India and Australia, began to separate from Africa. South America began to drift slowly westward from Africa as the South Atlantic Ocean opened, beginning about 130 Mya during the Early Cretaceous, and resulting in open marine conditions by 110 Mya. East Gondwana then began to separate about 120 Mya when India began to move northward.
The Madagascar block, and a narrow remnant microcontinent presently occupied by the Seychelles Islands, were broken off India; elements of this breakup nearly coincide with the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event. The India–Madagascar–Seychelles separations appear to coincide with the eruption of the Deccan basalts, whose eruption site may survive as the Réunion hotspot.
Australia began to separate from Antarctica perhaps 80 Mya (Late Cretaceous), but sea-floor spreading between them became most active about 40 Mya during the Eocene epoch of the Paleogene Period.
New Zealand probably separated from Antarctica between 130 and 85 Mya.
Cenozoic.
As the age of mammals commenced, the continent of Australia-New Guinea began gradually to separate and move north (55 Mya), rotating about its axis to begin with, and thus retaining some connection with the remainder of Gondwana for about 10 million years.
About 45 Mya, the Indian Plate collided with Asia, buckling the crust and forming the Himalayas. At about the same time, the southernmost part of Australia (modern Tasmania) finally separated from Antarctica, letting ocean currents flow between the two continents for the first time. Antarctica became cooler and Australia became drier because ocean currents circling Antarctica were no longer directed around northern Australia into the subtropics.
The separation of South America from West Antarctica some time during the Oligocene, perhaps 30 Mya, also caused climate changes. Immediately before this separation, South America and East Antarctica were not connected directly. However, the many microplates of the Antarctic Peninsula remained near southern South America, acting as "stepping stones" and allowing continued biological interchange and stopped oceanic current circulation. When the Drake Passage opened, there was no longer a barrier to force the cold waters of the Southern Ocean north to be exchanged with warmer tropical water. Instead, a cold circumpolar current developed and Antarctica became what it is today: a frigid continent that locks up much of the world's fresh water as ice. Sea temperatures dropped by almost 10°C, and the global climate became much colder.
By about 15 Mya, the collision between New Guinea (on the leading edge of the Australian Plate) and the southwestern part of the Pacific Plate pushed up the New Guinea Highlands, causing a rain shadow effect which drastically changed weather patterns in Australia, drying it out.
Later, South America was connected to North America via the Isthmus of Panama, cutting off a circulation of warm water and thereby creating the Arctic , as well as allowing the Great American Faunal Interchange.
The Red Sea and East African Rift are modern examples of continental rifting.

</doc>
<doc id="19389146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389146" title="North Hill Centre">
North Hill Centre

North Hill Centre is a shopping mall in Calgary. Alberta. The mall was opened in June 1958 and was Western Canada's largest shopping mall at the time. It was also Calgary's first ever shopping mall, as well as the first Calgary store to offer late-night shopping. The original anchor tenant was Simpsons-Sears., which still operates today in its original location as Sears Canada. 
The mall opened at 1632 14 Ave N.W. in June 1958, offering about 30 stores and services. Hailed as the largest shopping centre in Western Canada at the time, it transformed the shopping experience for Calgarians. "It was revolutionary to have a mall and to have late-night shopping and all of that kind of stuff that is just quite normal for us now," said (spokeswoman Paula) Newhold. "The real experience was that it was all in one place - that was the interesting thing."
History.
The original design for the mall called for an exterior strip mall design with a covered walkway.
1973 expansion.
The first major renovation to the mall occurred in 1973. The mall expanded to include twenty more stores, and an enclosed mall area was constructed amongst the existing stores. The design called for a central corridor with irregularly sized columns and ceiling heights, presenting an inconsistent look to the storefronts in the mall. (Another Calgary shopping centre, Chinook Centre underwent a similar transformation from strip mall to enclosed mall.)
By the 1990s, anchor tenants for the mall were Sears and Canada Safeway (on the east end), along with Super Valu (on the west end), giving the mall the unusual distinction of having two major grocery stores. A small branch of Zellers also operated in the mall until the early 1990s. The site also included a separate building housing the North Hill movie theatre and a bowling alley. The Super Valu store closed in the mid-1990s as its owner retired the brand in favor of big-box Real Canadian Superstore locations, and the spot was filled by a succession of non-chain retailers such as independent furniture stores until work began on a major mall renovation at the end of the 1990s.
2000 renovations.
In 2000, the mall was again heavily renovated, once again adopting the style of having key tenants accessible from the exterior of the building (some exclusively). The interior of the mall was also heavily renovated. A medical centre was added and a two-tower condominium complex was constructed on the south side. The far west end of the mall that previously contained Super Valu was demolished and rebuilt closer to 14th avenue, and the Canada Safeway, originally located next to Sears, moved into the new building at the mall's far west end. The mall's food court (adjacent to where the Super Valu was) was completely redesigned, though it remained in its original location. 
The "North Hill Theatre" and Fairview Bowling Alley, erected in the parking lot in 1967, had remained in operation until 1999, with the theatre ceasing business operations just after the run of . The theatre was one of Calgary's last major old-style single-screen movie palaces at the time of its demolition in 2000. The structure was demolished in order to make room for more parking, and to allow the footprint of the mall to expand with the addition of several exterior-access-only retailers. The bowling alley relocated to Pacific Place, a shopping centre on the other side of the city, where it eventually became defunct in the early 2010s.
Although there is some limited covered parking available due to the positioning of the Renaissance condominiums, North Hill is one of the largest malls in the city not to offer any form of underground or parkade parking (there is a parkade but it is exclusive to residents of the condos).

</doc>
<doc id="19389150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389150" title="1981 ABC Championship">
1981 ABC Championship

The 1981 Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Men were held in Kolkata, India. 

</doc>
<doc id="19389152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389152" title="Mark Fish (writer)">
Mark Fish (writer)

Mark Fish is an American television producer and writer and actor.
Actor.
Fish has appeared in bit part roles on shows including "The O.C.", "Ed", "Law & Order" and "The Sopranos". He was an actor in the TV show "Trinity", and a supporting actor in the film "Paging Emma".
Writer.
Fish was story editor for "Damages" and has also written episodes for television shows "The O.C." and "The Inside".

</doc>
<doc id="19389159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389159" title="José Maria Pires">
José Maria Pires

José Maria Pires (born March 15, 1919) is a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Pires was born in Córregos, Brazil and was ordained a priest December 20, 1941. Pires was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Araçuaí on May 25, 1957 and ordained bishop on September 22, 1957. On December 2, 1965, Pires was appointed archbishop of the Archdiocese of Paraíba until his retirement on November 29, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19389164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389164" title="Berkmans Speed Scout">
Berkmans Speed Scout

The Berkmans Speed Scout was an early American biplane scout built by the Berkmans brothers for the United States Army Air Service. It was tested in 1918 with positive results, but the end of World War I meant no production order was received, and no more aircraft were built.

</doc>
<doc id="19389165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389165" title="Platyglanis depierrei">
Platyglanis depierrei

Platyglanis depierrei is the only species in the genus Platyglanis of the catfish (order Siluriformes) family Claroteidae. This species is endemic to Cameroon where it is known only from its type locality of the Sanaga River Basin. It reaches a length of about 17.2 centimetres (6.8 in) SL.

</doc>
<doc id="19389176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389176" title="Manual labour">
Manual labour

Manual labour (manual labor in American English) or manual work is physical work done by people, most especially in contrast to that done by machines, and also to that done by working animals. It is most literally work done with the hands (the word "manual" comes from the Latin word for hand), and, by figurative extension, it is work done with any of the muscles and bones of the body. For most of human prehistory and history, manual labour and its close cousin, animal labour, have been the primary ways that physical work has been accomplished. Mechanisation and automation, which reduce the need for human and animal labour in production, have existed for centuries, but it was only starting in the 19th century that they began to significantly expand and to change human culture. To be implemented, they require that sufficient technology exist and that its capital costs be justified by the amount of future wages that they will obviate.
Although nearly any work can potentially have skill and intelligence applied to it, many jobs that mostly comprise manual labour—such as fruit and vegetable picking, manual materials handling (for example, shelf stocking), manual digging, or manual assembly of parts—often may be done successfully (if not masterfully) by unskilled or semiskilled workers. Thus there is a partial but significant correlation between manual labour and unskilled or semiskilled workers. Based on economic and social conflict of interest, people may often distort that partial correlation into an exaggeration that "equates" manual labour with lack of skill; with lack of any potential to apply skill (to a task) or to develop skill (in a worker); and with low social class. Throughout human existence the latter has involved a spectrum of variants, from slavery (with stigmatisation of the slaves as "subhuman"), to caste or caste-like systems, to subtler forms of inequality.
Economic competition ensures that businesses will always try to buy labour at the lowest possible cost (for example, through offshoring or by employing foreign workers) or to obviate it entirely (through mechanisation and automation).
Relationship to low skill and low social class.
For various reasons, there is a strong correlation between manual labour and unskilled or semiskilled workers, despite the fact that nearly any work can potentially have skill and intelligence applied to it (for example, the artisanal skill of craft production, or the logic of applied science). It has always been the case for humans that many workers begin their working lives lacking any special level of skill or experience. (In the past two centuries, education has become more important and more widely disseminated; but even today, not everyone can know everything, or have experience in a great number of occupations.) It has also always been the case that there was a large amount of manual labour to be done; and that much of it was simple enough to be successfully (if not masterfully) done by unskilled or semiskilled workers, which has meant that there have always been plenty of people with the potential to do it. These conditions have assured the correlation's strength and persistence.
The phrase "hard labour" has even become a legal euphemism for penal labour, which is a custodial sentence during which the convict is not only confined but also put to manual work. Such work may be productive, as on a prison farm or in a prison kitchen, laundry, or library; intrinsically senseless, with the "only" purpose being the effect of the punishment on the convict; or somewhere in between (such as chain gang work, treadwheel work, or the proverbial "breaking rocks"—the latter two of which are almost certain to be economically senseless today, although they sometimes served economic purpose in the preindustrial past).
There has always been a tendency among people of the higher gradations of social class to oversimplify the correlation between manual labour and lack of skill (or need for skill) into one of equivalence, leading to dubious exaggerations such as the notion that anyone who worked physically could be identified by that very fact as being unintelligent or unskilled, or that any task requiring physical work must (by that very fact) be simplistic and not worthy of analysis (or of being done by anyone with intelligence or social rank). Given the human cognitive tendency toward rationalisation, it is natural enough that such grey areas (partial correlations) have often been warped into absolutes (black and white thinking) by people seeking to justify and perpetuate their social advantage.
Throughout human existence, but most especially since the Age of Enlightenment, there have been logically complementary efforts by intelligent workers to counteract these flawed oversimplifications. For example, the American and French Revolutions rejected notions of inherited social status (aristocracy, nobility, monarchy), and the labour movements of the 19th and 20th centuries led to the formation of trade unions who enjoyed substantial collective bargaining power for a time. Such counteractive efforts have been all the more difficult because not "all" social status differences and wealth differences are unfair; meritocracy is a part of real life, just as rationalisation and unfairness are.
Social systems of every ideological persuasion, from Marxism to syndicalism to the American Dream, have attempted to achieve a successfully functioning classless society in which honest, productive manual labourers can have every bit of social status and power that honest, productive managers can have. Humans have not yet succeeded in instantiating any such utopia, but some social systems have been designed that go far enough toward the goal that hope yet remains for further improvement. 
At its highest extreme, the rationalised distortion by economic elites produces cultures of slavery and complete racial subordination, such as slavery in ancient Greece and Rome; slavery in the United States (which was defeated in 1865); or slavery under Nazism (which was defeated in 1945). Concepts such as the Three-fifths compromise and the Untermensch defined slaves as less than human.
In the middle of the spectrum, such distortion may produce systems of fairly rigid class stratification, usually rationalised with fairly strong cultural norms of biologically inherited social inequality, such as feudalism; traditional forms of aristocracy and monarchy; colonialism; and caste systems (e.g., Apartheid, separate but equal/Jim Crow, Indian caste). One interesting historical trend that is true of all of the systems above is that they began crumbling in the 20th century and have continued crumbling since. Today's forms of them are mostly greatly weakened compared to past generations' versions.
At the lowest extreme, such distortion produces subtler forms of racism and "de facto" (but not "de jure") inequality of opportunity. The more plausible the deniability, the easier the rationalisation and perpetuation. For example, as inequality of opportunity and racism grow smaller and subtler, their appearance may converge toward that of meritocracy, to the point that valid instances of each can be found extensively intermingled. At such areas of the spectrum, it becomes ever harder to justify efforts that use "de jure" methods to fight "de facto" imbalances (such as affirmative action), because valid instances can be highlighted by all sides. On one side, the cry is ongoing oppression (ignored or denied) from above; on the other side, the cry is reverse discrimination; ample valid evidence exists for both cases, and the problem of its anecdotal nature leaves no clear policy advantage to either side.
Recognizing the potential for skill.
A willingness to recognise that manual labour can involve skill and intelligence can take a variety of forms, depending on how it handles multifaceted questions of dignity and (in)equality.
Relationship to mechanisation and automation.
Mechanisation and automation strive to reduce the amount of manual labour required for production. The motives for this reduction of effort may be to remove drudgery from people's lives; to lower the unit cost of production; or, as mechanisation evolves into automation, to bring greater flexibility (easier redesign, lower lead time) to production. Mechanisation occurred first in tasks that required either little dexterity or at least a narrow repertoire of dextrous movements, such as providing motive force or tractive force (locomotives; traction engines; marine steam engines; early cars, trucks, and tractors); digging, loading, and unloading bulk materials (steam shovels, early loaders); or weaving uncomplicated cloth (early looms). For example, Henry Ford described his efforts to mechanise agricultural tasks such as tillage as relieving drudgery by transferring physical burdens from human and animal bodies to iron and steel machinery. Automation helps to bring mechanisation to more complicated tasks that require finer dexterity, decision making based on visual input, and a wider variety of intelligent movements. Thus even tasks that once could not be successfully mechanised, such as shelf stocking or many kinds of fruit and vegetable picking, tend to undergo process redesign (either formal or informal) leading to ever smaller amounts of manual labour.
Relationship to offshoring, worker migration, penal labour, and military service.
Many of the methods by which socioeconomically advantaged people have maintained a supply of cheap labour over the centuries are now either defunct or greatly curtailed. As discussed and linked earlier, these include peasantry, serfdom, slavery, indentured servitude, wage slavery, or domestic servitude. But motives to get labour cheaply still remain (and always will). Today, although businesses can no longer get away with using (for example) "de jure" slavery, economic competition ensures that they will always try to buy labour at the lowest possible cost or to obviate it entirely (through mechanisation and automation). Various present-day methods of ensuring lowest cost exist, as detailed below.
The first and most basic method is the domestic labour market within one country (or region thereof), in which workers compete with each other for jobs. Within this market, further market segmentation is possible. Businesses try to avoid overtime (when practical). They often try to avoid employing full-time employees (FTEs) in favor of part-time employees (PTEs) or contingent workers (for example, temporary workers, freelancers, cottage workers, contractors (who may have subcontractors), or day labourers), all of which usually entail less obligation for employee benefits (compensation beyond the wages themselves). Agencies tasked with enforcing labour law are supposed to be perennially on guard against the avidity with which employers find clever ways to make people function like FTEs but carry nominal labels as contractors, freelancers, or PTEs (e.g., dishonest worker classification, unpaid overtime). Other avenues of discount labour are the institutions of apprenticeship and cooperative education (including work-study programs), and (relatedly) the informal tradition of the "broke college student who works for peanuts". Here, the low wages are often credibly justified by the inexperience and incomplete training of the worker; but it is also true that such forms of employment always have at least some potential to be "milked dry" by those with the upper hand. For example, there has been a long history of 3rd- through 7th-year apprentices performing valuable, competent work at sub-journeyman rates.
The domestic labour market may also extend beyond "normal" workers to various kinds of employing prisoners (e.g., penal labour, work release). Even military employment, most especially by conscription or other mandatory national service, is a means of employing labour at lowest cost (compared to costlier alternatives such as all-volunteer militaries).
The next step beyond domestic labour markets (within countries) is the global labour market (between countries), in which all workers on Earth compete with each other, albeit via imperfect competition. Differences between regions and countries in standard of living and (relatedly) prevailing wage rates provide a perennial incentive for businesses to send manual tasks to remote workers (via offshoring) or to bring remote workers to the manual tasks (via immigration of foreign workers, whether illegal [undocumented workers] or legal [guest-worker programs codified with work permits). The nature of the work determines its relative degree of geographical transferability; for example, manual assembly work in factories can usually be offshored, whereas tillage and harvesting are anchored to the location of the crop fields. One characteristic of offshoring and worker migration that is especially useful to businesses is that they can provide employers with (fuzzy-boundaried) subpopulations of inexpensive workers without resorting to biological-inheritance-based rationalisations (such as racial slavery, feudalism and aristocracy, or caste-based division of labour). Modern businesses in the global economy are quick to point out that they respect the humanity of their offshore or immigrant workers every bit as much as that of their developed-economy-native workers (which may not be that much, in reality, but "is" equal, and is pretended to be substantial).
Penal labour is an intersection of the low skill/low social class idea (serfs, slaves, wage slaves) and the class-neutral labour-cost reduction idea (offshoring, foreign workers, contingent workers). Like offshoring and guest worker programs, penal labour is an opportunity for businesses to get cheap manual labour without denying the humanity of the workers—and in some cases even seeming civically responsible ("providing second chances to live right and work honestly"). Thus socioeconomic systems, regardless of their capitalist, socialist, or syncretised ideological bases, need to remain vigilant that they resist any tendency toward the overimprisonment of workers, because it could align with the financial interests of businesses, government, or both, stoking the same human mechanisms of specious rationalisation that justified slavery or wage slavery.
Military enlistment (whether conscription, other mandatory service, or volunteer service) shares some similarities with penal labour when viewed from this perspective, in that it may synergistically provide (1) discount labour for a government or its contractors at the same time that it also provides (2) opportunities to the workers or soldiers themselves (for example, more job security, better-quality health insurance, better-quality retirement-savings plans, and/or more educational opportunities especially technical training, but sometimes also broader university education as well). These many benefits cannot accurately be pigeon-holed as all good or all bad. They are inevitably double-edged blades, and must be dynamically managed and monitored to keep them from leaving the healthy range of the spectrum and moving into pathological ranges. For that to succeed, there must also exist some decent level of employment opportunity, compensation, and psychological security in the private sector, especially non–defense community businesses.
Paramilitary, police, and corrections (prison guard) service are other segments of employment that reflect the traits of military service in this respect.

</doc>
<doc id="19389177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389177" title="1955–56 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1955–56 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1955–56 campaign saw Town relegated from Division 1. They finished in 21st position with 35 points, the same as 20th placed Aston Villa, who survived due to a superior goal average. The season was a cramped affair in the league standings, with difference in points between 2nd placed Blackpool and bottom placed Sheffield United, being just 16 points.
Review.
Following the previous season's failure to improve on the season before's 3rd placed finish, some were wondering what Town would conjure up under Andy Beattie. The start of the season was dreadful for Town, with many losses sending Town into a downward spiral to the bottom of Division 1. Even the signing of Aston Villa striker Dave Hickson didn't halt the slide to Division 2. A run of 7 defeats in a row, including a 5–2 defeat at Everton, followed immediately by a 6–2 defeat to Newcastle United at Leeds Road didn't help things much.
February to April saw Town mount a recovery mainly through the goals of Jimmy Glazzard, Dave Hickson and Vic Metcalfe. Town still had a chance of survival with 4 matches to go, although they realistically had to win all their last 4 games against West Bromwich Albion, Charlton Athletic, Tottenham Hotspur and Charlton Athletic. They did manage to achieve this, but an inferior goal average meant that Town went down, while Aston Villa survived.

</doc>
<doc id="19389179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389179" title="Kenmare GAA (District Team)">
Kenmare GAA (District Team)

Kenmare is a Gaelic Athletic Association District Team from County Kerry.
The team competes as a joint divisional side with other clubs from the Kenmare area in the county championships.
Most matches are played in Templenoe nowadays but some are played at Father Breen Park, Kenmare.
The Kenmare District is the smallest such district in Kerry.
The 4 clubs are:
Kerry Senior Football Championship.
They have won the Bishop Moynihan Cup two times; in 1974 and 1987.
In 2008 they were drawn against West Kerry GAA and won that game 1-9 to 1-13 in Castlegregory.
Finnegan Cup.
The 4 clubs in the Kenmare District play for the Finnegan Cup in the Kenmare district board championship.
The Kenmare District is the smallest such district in Kerry.
The 4 clubs are:
Kerry Minor Football Championship.
They've been in one Kerry Minor Football Championship final; in 1959 when they were beaten by West Kerry.
Kerry Under 21 Football Championship.
They were in 2 Kerry Under 21 Football Championship finals and won it once.

</doc>
<doc id="19389185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389185" title="Sam Giancana">
Sam Giancana

Salvatore Giancana (born Salvatore Giangana; June 15, 1908 – June 19, 1975), better known as Sam Giancana, was an American mobster and mob boss of the Chicago Outfit from 1957–1966. Among his other nicknames were, "Momo", "Mooney," "Sam the Cigar," and "Sammy."
Early life.
Giancana was born as Salvatore Giangana in The Patch on Chicago's West Side to Italian Sicilian immigrants from Partanna, in the province of Trapani. His father, Antonino (later simplified to Antonio) Giangana, owned a pushcart and later briefly owned an Italian ice shop, which was later firebombed by gangland rivals of his son.
Criminal career.
Sam Giancana joined the Forty-Two Gang, a juvenile street crew answering to political boss Joseph Esposito. Giancana soon developed a reputation for being an excellent getaway driver, a high earner, and a vicious killer. After Esposito's murder, in which Giancana was allegedly involved, the 42 Gang was transformed into a "de facto" extension of the Chicago Outfit. The Outfit was initially wary of the 42ers, thinking them too wild. However, Giancana's leadership qualities, the fact that he was an excellent "wheel man" with a get-away car and his knack for making money on the street gained him the notice of Cosa Nostra higher-ups like Frank "The Enforcer" Nitti, Paul "The Waiter" Ricca and Tony "Joe Batters" Accardo. In the late 1930s, Giancana became the first 42er to join the Outfit.
Family.
Sam married Angelina DeTolve, the daughter of immigrants from the Italian region of Basilicata, on September 23, 1933. They had three daughters, Antoinette, Bonnie and Francine. Angelina died in 1954 and left Sam to raise his daughters. Sam never remarried after becoming a widower and was known as a good family man, despite frequent infidelities, and held his late wife in high regard and respect during their marriage and after her death. All of the Giancana daughters have married at least once. , at least one daughter, Antoinette, had taken the "Giancana" name again.
Rise to power.
In 1945, after serving a sentence at the Federal Correctional Complex, Terre Haute, Indiana (during which time he told his children he was away "at college"), Giancana made a name for himself by convincing Accardo, then the Outfit's enforcement chief, to stage a take-over of Chicago's African-American "policy" (lottery) pay-out system for The Outfit. Giancana's crew is believed to have been responsible for convincing Eddie Jones to leave his racket and leave the country. Giancana's crew was also responsible for the murder on August 4, 1952 of African American gambling boss Theodore Roe. Both Jones and Roe were leading South Side "Policy Kings". However, Roe had refused to surrender control of his operation as the Outfit had demanded. What is more, on June 19, 1951, Roe had fatally shot Lennard "Fat Lennie" Caifano, a made man in Giancana's crew. Over an FBI wiretap during the early 1970s, Giancana said of Roe, "I'll say this. Nigger or no nigger, that bastard went out like a man. He had balls. It was a fuckin' shame to kill him."
Though the South Side "policy"-game takeover by the Outfit was not complete until another Outfit member, Jackie "the Lackey" Cerone, scared "Big Jim" Martin to Mexico with two bullets to the head that did not kill him, when the lottery money started rolling in for The Outfit after this gambling war, the amount that this game had produced for The Outfit was in the millions of dollars a year and brought Giancana further notice. It is believed to have been a major factor in his being "anointed" as the Outfit's new boss when Accardo stepped aside from being the front boss to becoming "consigliere," in 1957. However, it was generally understood that Accardo and Ricca still held the real power. No major business transactions, and certainly no hits, took place without Accardo and Ricca's approval.
Giancana was present at the Mafia's 1957 Apalachin Meeting at the Upstate New York estate of Joseph Barbara. Later, Buffalo crime boss Stefano Magaddino and Giancana were overheard on a wire saying the meeting should have taken place in the Chicago area. Giancana claimed that the Chicago area was "the safest place in the world" for a major underworld meeting because he had several police chiefs on his payroll. If the syndicate ever wanted to hold a meeting in Chicago, Giancana said, they had nothing to fear because they had the area "locked up tight."
Alleged CIA connections.
It is widely reputed, and partially corroborated by the Church Committee Hearings, that during the Kennedy administration, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) recruited Giancana and other mobsters to assassinate Cuban president Fidel Castro. Giancana reportedly said that the CIA and the Cosa Nostra were "different sides of the same coin."
The association between Giancana and JFK is indicated in the "Exner File" written by Judith Campbell Exner. Exner was reputed to be mistress to both Giancana and JFK and claimed she delivered communications between the two regarding Fidel Castro.
However, Giancana's daughter, Antoinette, has stated her belief that her father was running a scam in order to pocket millions of dollars in CIA funding.
Documents never seen by the Warren Commission have revealed that some Mafiosi worked with the CIA on assassination attempts against Cuban leader Fidel Castro. CIA documents released in 2007 confirmed that in the summer of 1960, the CIA recruited ex-FBI agent Robert Maheu to approach the West Coast representative of the Chicago mob, Johnny Roselli. When Maheu contacted Roselli, Maheu hid the fact that he was sent by the CIA, instead portraying himself an advocate for international corporations. He offered to pay $150,000 to have Castro killed, but Roselli declined any pay. Roselli introduced Maheu to two men he referred to as "Sam Gold" and "Joe." "Sam Gold" was Sam Giancana; "Joe" was Santo Trafficante, Jr., the Tampa, Florida boss and one of the most powerful mobsters in pre-revolution Cuba. Glenn Kessler of "The Washington Post" explained: "After Fidel Castro led a revolution that toppled a friendly government in 1959, the CIA was desperate to eliminate him. So the agency sought out a partner equally worried about Castro—the Mafia, which had lucrative investments in Cuban casinos."
Jimmy Hoffa, president of the Teamsters Union, and mobsters Carlos Marcello, Sam Giancana, Johnny Roselli, Charles Nicoletti, and Santo Trafficante Jr.—all of whom say Hoffa worked with the CIA on the Castro assassination plots—top the list of House Select Committee on Assassinations Mafia suspects.
It is also alleged that Mafia criminals may have wished to retaliate against John F. Kennedy in response to the increasing pressure put on them by Robert Kennedy, who had increased by 12 times the number of prosecutions conducted under the administration of President Dwight Eisenhower. Carlos Marcello allegedly threatened to assassinate the President to short-circuit Robert Kennedy, who was serving as US Attorney General and leading the administration's anti-Mafia crusade.
According to the recently declassified CIA "Family Jewels" documents, Giancana and Tampa/Miami Syndicate leader Santo Trafficante, Jr. were contacted in September 1960, about the possibility of an assassination attempt by a go-between from the CIA, Robert Maheu, after Maheu had contacted Johnny Roselli, a Mafia member in Las Vegas and Giancana's number-two man. Maheu had presented himself as a representative of numerous international business firms in Cuba that were being expropriated by Castro. He offered $150,000 for the "removal" of Castro through this operation (the documents suggest that neither Roselli, Giancana, nor Trafficante accepted any sort of payments for the job). According to the files, it was Giancana who suggested using a series of poison pills that could be used to doctor Castro's food and drink. These pills were given by the CIA to Giancana's nominee, Juan Orta, whom Giancana presented as being a corrupt official in the new Cuban government and who had access to Castro. After a series of six attempts to introduce the poison into Castro's food, Orta abruptly demanded to be let out of the mission, handing over the job to another, unnamed participant. Later, a second attempt was mounted through Giancana and Trafficante using Dr. Anthony Verona, the leader of the Cuban Exile Junta, who had, according to Trafficante, become "disaffected with the apparent ineffectual progress of the Junta". Verona requested $10,000 in expenses and $1,000 worth of communications equipment. However, it is unclear how far the second attempt went, as the entire program was canceled shortly thereafter due to the launching of the Bay of Pigs Invasion in April 1961.
At the same time, Giancana, according to the "Family Jewels", approached Maheu to bug the room of his then-mistress Phyllis McGuire, whom he suspected of having an affair with comedian Dan Rowan. Although documents suggest Maheu acquiesced, the bug was not planted due to the arrest of the agent who had been given the task of planting the device. According to the documents, Robert Kennedy moved to block the prosecution of the agent and of Maheu, who was soon linked to the bugging attempt, at the CIA's request. Giancana and McGuire, who had a long lasting affair, were originally introduced by Frank Sinatra. During part of the affair, according to Sam's daughter Antoinette, McGuire had a concurrent affair with President Kennedy.
Downfall.
Giancana's behavior was too high-profile for Outfit tastes and attracted far too much federal scrutiny. He also refused to cut his underlings in on his lavish profits from offshore casinos in Iran and Central America. Both of these factors resulted in much bitterness among the Outfit's rank-and-file.
Giancana was the subject of many hours of wiretaps. On one, he was heard to say "We're whacking a lot of the wrong guys lately."
When Giancana was called before a grand jury in 1966, he was ordered to stay silent, which put him in prison for over a year. Meanwhile, Giancana was deposed by Ricca and Accardo as day-to-day boss, and replaced by Joseph "Joey Doves" Aiuppa.
International gambling sucess and dispute with the Outfit.
After arriving in Mexico, Giancana managed to make money from various gambling operations, among them in Iran.
When Tony Accardo demanded that he gave a share of the profits to The Outfit, Giancana refused, claiming that he did it all by himself and outside the The Outfit's jurisdiction. In response, Accardo asked someone to "explain him the facts of life. And I mean "life"." Giancana, however remained adamant and refused to pay.
Return to Chicago and death.
After about seven years of exile inside a lavish villa in Cuernavaca, Mexico, Giancana was arrested by Mexican authorities in 1974 and deported to the United States. He arrived back in Chicago on July 21, 1974.
Giancana had another sitdown with the Outfit with no resolution. The Outfit requested him to give a share of his money and he refused.
After his return to the U.S., the police detailed officers to guard his house in Oak Park, Illinois. However, on the night of June 19, 1975, someone recalled the police detail. A gunman later entered Giancana's kitchen and shot him in the back of the head as he was frying sausage and peppers. After Giancana fell to the ground, the gunman turned him over and shot him six more times in the face and neck. Investigators suspected that the murderer was a close friend whom Giancana had let into the house. One reason for this suspicion was that Giancana, due to his heart problems, could not eat spicy foods. Therefore, he might have been cooking for a friend. Giancana was killed shortly before he was scheduled to appear before a U. S. Senate committee investigating CIA and Cosa Nostra collusion in plots to assassinate President John F. Kennedy.
Hit man Nicholas Calabrese told the FBI in the 2000s that he knew that Tony Accardo was part of the killing and Angelo LaPietra got rid of the gun. The gun used to kill Giancana was equipped with a silencer that Frank Calabrese, Sr. and Ronnie Jarret had made.
Earlier speculations as to how Giancana died.
Some commentators have alleged that the CIA killed Giancana because of his troubled history with the agency. However, former CIA Director William Colby has been quoted as saying, "We had nothing to do with it."
Another theory is that Trafficante crime family boss Santo Trafficante, Jr. ordered Giancana's murder due to mob fears that Giancana would testify about Cosa Nostra and CIA plots to kill Cuban president Fidel Castro. Trafficante would have needed permission from Outfit bosses Tony Accardo and Joseph Aiuppa to kill Giancana. Johnny Roselli, whose body was found stuffed in an oil drum floating off Miami, was definitely killed on Trafficante's orders.
Most investigators believe that Aiuppa ordered the Giancana murder. Giancana was still refusing to share any of his offshore gambling profits with the Outfit. In addition, Giancana was reportedly scheming to become Outfit boss again. According to former Mafia associate Michael J. Corbitt, Aiuppa seized control of Giancana's casinos in the aftermath of the murder, strategically sharing them with his caporegimes.
Longtime friend and associate Dominic "Butch" Blasi was with Giancana the night he was murdered, and was questioned by police as a suspect. FBI experts and Giancana's daughter, Antoinette, do not consider him Giancana's killer.
Other Mafia suspects are Harry Aleman, Charles "Chuckie" English, and Charles Nicoletti. In the 1995 movie Sugartime, Dominic "Butch" Blasi, as portrayed by Elias Koteas, is shown murdering Giancana.
Giancana was interred next to his wife, Angelina, in a family mausoleum at Mount Carmel Cemetery, in Hillside, Illinois.
Michael J. Corbitt's account.
Within days of Giancana's murder, Willow Springs police chief and Outfit associate Michael J. Corbitt discussed the murder with capo Salvatore Bastone. Bastone told him, "You know, Sam sure loved that little guy in Oak Park... Tony Spilotro. Yeah, he was fuckin' crazy about him. Sam put Tony on the fuckin' map, thought he was gonna be a big fuckin' man someday. Did you know that after Marshall Caifano got out of Vegas, it was Sam who wanted Tony Spilotro out there? Even lately, with all the problems with the skim and all, Sam always stood behind the guy. Tony was over to Sam's house all the time. He lived right by there. Did you know Tony even figured out a way where he could get in through the back of Sam's place without anybody seeing him? He'd go through other people's yards, go over fences, all sorts of shit."
Corbitt responded, "Sam wouldn't open the door for just any son of a bitch. I mean there's Butch, Chuckie English... He'd let them in alright, but shit, no way they'd ever do anything to hurt Sam. No way."
Bastone then said, "Yeah, Sam and Butch were real close. And the same thing with him and Chuckie. Besides, neither one of them had the balls to do somethin' like that. There's only one guy that had the balls to do Sam."
When Corbitt asked for the reason, Bastone quipped, "There's never just one reason for shit like what happened to Sam. There's a million of 'em. Let's just say that Sam should've remembered what happened to Bugsy Siegel."

</doc>
<doc id="19389196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389196" title="Free Wheeling">
Free Wheeling

Free Wheeling is a 1932 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 117th (29th talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
Confined to a neck brace, poor little rich boy Dickie would like to play with the neighborhood kids, but his overprotective mother will not let him. On the sly, however, Dickie sneaks out of his bedroom in search of adventure in the company of his best pal, Stymie. Purchasing a ride on the donkey-driven "taxicab" piloted by Breezy Brisbane, the boys, along with hitchhikers Spanky and Jacquie Lyn, experience enough thrills and excitement to last a lifetime when the taxi begins rolling down a steep hill minus brakes.
Note.
"Free Wheeling" was edited by a couple minutes on the syndicated "Little Rascals" television packages due to perceived racism toward African Americans in 1971. The film was restored on AMC airing from 2001 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19389201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389201" title="All Saints Anglican Church (Teulon, Manitoba)">
All Saints Anglican Church (Teulon, Manitoba)

All Saints Anglican Church , also known as Erinview Church, is an historic
Anglican church building located west of Teulon, in the Rural Municipality of Woodlands. Built in 1884 of logs and wood, its steep pitched roof and lancet windows are typical of Carpenter Gothic style churches, albeit a very plain example. The church's historic Erinview Cemetery contains the graves of many area pioneers.
All Saints is a municipal heritage site as designated by the rural municipality of Woodlands on March 13, 2001. It is open for an annual service and special events.

</doc>
<doc id="19389202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389202" title="Newton Faulkner">
Newton Faulkner

Sam Newton Battenberg Faulkner (born 11 January 1985) is an English singer-songwriter and musician from Reigate, Surrey. He is known for his characteristic percussive style of guitar playing.
In 2007 Faulkner's debut studio album "Hand Built by Robots" was certified double platinum in the United Kingdom. "Hand Built By Robots" made No.1 in the UK Album Chart in August 2007. He released three singles from the album, "Dream Catch Me", "I Need Something" and "Teardrop". "Dream Catch Me" was selected Jo Whiley's "Pet Sound" on her daily BBC Radio 1 show and made No.7 on the UK Singles Charts.
Faulkner released his second studio album, "Rebuilt by Humans" in 2009 which made No.3 UK Albums Chart. After an accident which damaged his right wrist he said that he had "been put back together again by humans". The first single from the album was "If this Is It" and the video was shown on Channel 4. "Dream Catch Me" was a featured song in the US film, "She's Out of My League" in 2010.
An EP called "Sketches" was released in April 2012. In June 2012, "Clouds", the first single from his third studio album, received BBC Radio 1 airplay. "Write It On Your Skin" was released 9 July 2012 and made No.1 UK Albums Chart.
Early life.
Faulkner is the second child of Sally Carolyn (née Battenberg, formerly Evans) and Keith William Faulkner. He has an older brother, Toby William Battenberg Faulkner and a younger sister, Charlotte (Lottie) Elizabeth Battenberg Faulkner. Faulkner attended the Hawthorns School in Bletchingley, Surrey. He began playing guitar at the age of 13 (after a few attempts at the drums and piano) and attended the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts. He grew his trademark red dreadlocks at age 15. He then moved on to the Academy of Contemporary Music in Guildford in 2002, where he spent two years gaining both diploma and the higher diploma award under the tutelage of Eric Roche, amongst others.
His first band was a Green Day cover band, in which he played bass guitar. His experience on the stage grew as he formed 'Half A Guy', a funk rock group with a quirky edge, with band mates Matt Buchanan (credited in Newton's "Hand Built by Robots" tab book), Dave Elvy and Nicola Crawshaw. 'Half A Guy' recorded two demo CDs and managed two years before splitting.
He then spent time recording and playing gigs under the name Newton Battenberg Faulkner, including the Lapagestock festival on 11 June 2005.
Music career.
"Hand Built By Robots" (2005–2008).
In 2005 he made a sound for the game 'TrackMania Sunrise' called "Take Back".
Faulkner made appearances in 2006 on BBC Radio 2 and he secured a Publishing deal with Peermusic UK who asked the "Independent on Sunday" to tell its readers to "watch this face". Faulkner performed at the 2006 South by Southwest music festival and at Guilfest 2007.
He subsequently signed with Sony BMG records and in July 2007 he released his début album "Hand Built By Robots". He supported James Morrison on his February UK tour, Paolo Nutini on his UK tour in April, and John Mayer on his September dates in the UK. He also supported The John Butler Trio on a number of European dates.
In 2007 Faulkner's debut studio album "Hand Built by Robots" was certified double platinum in the United Kingdom. "Hand Built By Robots" made No.1 in the UK Album Chart in August 2007. He released three singles from the album, "Dream Catch Me", "I Need Something" and "Teardrop". "Dream Catch Me" was selected Jo Whiley's "Pet Sound" on her daily Radio 1 show and made No.7 on the UK Singles Charts. This gave the track exposure and was highly commented on by listeners to Jo's show by SMS and e-mail. On 29 July, "Dream Catch Me" reached No. 7 in the UK Singles Chart.
His fourth single from the album, a cover of Massive Attack's "Teardrop", was released in December 2007. A new video for "I Need Something" was released in March along with a United States version of the video for "Dream Catch Me".
Faulkner has performed at several major UK summer music festivals. In 2007 and 2008 he played at Glastonbury Festival, V Festival, Connect Music Festival 2007, at Radio 1's Big Weekend 2008, Lollapalooza 2008 in Grant Park Chicago, Oxegen in Ireland and at the Isle of Wight Festival 2008.
"Rebuilt by Humans" (2009–2011).
Faulkner released his second studio album, "Rebuilt by Humans" in 2009 which made No.3 UK Albums Chart.
On a video blog streamed live from Newton Faulkner's website on 22 June 2009, he stated that the new album would be called "Rebuilt By Humans". The reason for this was that in December 2008, Faulkner slipped on some ice and badly injured his wrist, into which doctors fitted a metal plate. He then said that effectively, he had "been put back together again by humans".
The first single from the album was "If This Is It", with the video exclusively shown on Channel 4 and released in September 2009.
In 2009 Faulkner played at Latitude Festival, Cois Fharraige in Ireland, and at the Crossing Border Festival in the Netherlands, which was his last performance for the "Rebuilt By Humans" launch tour.
In 2010, "Dream Catch Me" was a featured song in the US film, "She's Out of My League". In early 2010, Faulkner featured on the Hamish and Andy radio show in Australia, playing "I Hate Mondays" and this song charted at No.1 on the Australian Apple iTunes Store. Faulkner again performed at several UK festivals - Glastonbury Festival 2010, Oxegen Ireland, T in the Park 2010 in Scotland, Latitude Festival 2010, and the Beautiful Days music festival in Devon. In October 2010, he played a surprise set at the ACM Awards show at Indig02 at the O2 Arena in London and in November 2010, he appeared at the 'Christmas Lights switch-on' in Barnstaple.
Faulkner took part in the 2010-2011 Edinburgh New Year's Hogmanay Celebration.
In 2011 he played at "Movistar Summer Experience" in Pinamar, Argentina in February and at the 'Beach Break Live' in Wales. Faulkner headlined the 'Avebury Rocks Charity Concert' in July 2011 and this event raised money for a Cancer Charity the Love Hope Strength Foundation.
In July 2011 he played at the Cambridge Folk Festival. In 2011 Faulkner performed at the Bath Forum as a part of the 'International Guitar Foundation'.
"Sketches" and "Write It On Your Skin" (2012–2013).
An EP named "Sketches" was released on 17 April 2012 and contained three new tracks. It was taken off iTunes on 21 April 2012, and was updated and re-released on 21 May 2012. In 2012, Faulkner got featured on the popular YouTube music channel 'NoteWorthySounds' which has been receiving great interest.
At several shows on his 2012 tour, Faulkner announced that his third studio album would be titled "Write It on Your Skin", and a track called "Clouds" would be the album's first single. In June 2012 "Clouds" received BBC Radio 1 airplay. "Write It On Your Skin" was released on 9 July 2012 and made No.1 UK Albums Chart.
Faulkner performed two live gigs at Edinburgh's The Edge Festival in August 2012 with Reverieme. In September he played at Weyfest. In the Autumn of 2012, Newton and his brother Toby co-wrote several tracks with Janet Devlin for her upcoming debut album.
In 2012 Faulkner played a UK wide tour for his album "Write It On Your Skin", and in 2013 he toured Australia.
"Studio Zoo" (2013–present).
Faulkner was making history, as the recording of his fourth album "Studio Zoo" was being streamed live online, 24/7 for 5 weeks from 11 June 2013 with regular updates on the social networks.
His home studio in East London was set up with 4 cameras, to follow every detail of recording the album - with no producer or engineer, just Newton, a bunch of guitars, plus a few special surprise guests.
""I am as excited as I am terrified by the prospect of having a house full of cameras film me while trying to record an album. The entire recording process will be streamed live and nothing has been recorded in advance - apart from some particularly good hand claps recorded in Paris. The album will be made before your very eyes, no tricks, no producer and no engineer, just me, a guitar and a few surprise guests"," said Faulkner.
On 16 June 2013 Faulkner played the main stage at the Isle of Wight Festival 2013 with live streaming as part of the Studio Zoo project. He played "Dream Catch Me", "I Need Something", "Brick by Brick", "Orange Skies" and a cover of Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody", among others.
The album "Studio Zoo" was released on 26 August 2013. It debuted at no. 10 at UK Albums Chart, becoming Faulkner's fourth top 10 studio album.
Musical Influences.
Newton's influences include musicians such as Michael Williams, Del Amitri, Eric Roche, Tom Waits, Jurassic 5, Stevie Wonder, The Rolling Stones, James Brown, Prince, Green Day, George Clinton, Bootsy Collins, Primus, Led Zeppelin, Joni Mitchell, Nirvana, Cee Lo Green, Gordon Giltrap, DJ Shadow, The Beatles, The Neptunes, Jamiroquai, The Presidents, Slick Rick, Nick Harper, Robbie Williams, Cornelius, Neil Young, Pearl Jam, Thomas Leeb, Ben Howard, Django Reinhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19389210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389210" title="Məzrə">
Məzrə

Məzrə or Mazrya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19389212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389212" title="HBOS">
HBOS

HBOS plc is a banking and insurance company in the United Kingdom, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Lloyds Banking Group, having been taken over in January 2009. It is the holding company for Bank of Scotland plc, which operates the Bank of Scotland and Halifax brands in the UK, as well as HBOS Australia and HBOS Insurance & Investment Group Limited, the group's insurance division.
HBOS was formed by the 2001 merger of Halifax plc and the Bank of Scotland. The formation of HBOS was heralded as creating a fifth force in British banking as it created a company of comparable size and stature to the established "Big Four" UK retail banks. It was also the UK's largest mortgage lender. The HBOS Group Reorganisation Act 2006 saw the transfer of Halifax plc to the Bank of Scotland, which was now a registered public limited company, Bank of Scotland plc.
Although officially HBOS is not an abbreviation of any specific words, it is widely presumed to stand for Halifax Bank of Scotland. The corporate headquarters of the group were located on The Mound in Edinburgh, Scotland, the former head office of the Bank of Scotland. Operational headquarters were based in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England, the former head office of Halifax.
The group became part of Lloyds Banking Group through a takeover by Lloyds TSB on Monday 19 January 2009 after both sets of shareholders approved the deal. HBOS continues to operate as a separate organisation within the new group, although over time it is likely to be restructured.
Lloyds Banking Group has stated that the new group will continue to use The Mound as the headquarters for its Scottish operations and will not cease the issue of Scottish bank notes.
History.
HBOS Group Reorganisation Act 2006.
In 2006, HBOS secured the passing of the HBOS Group Reorganisation Act 2006, a private Act of Parliament that rationalised the bank's corporate structure. The act allowed HBOS to make the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland a public limited company, Bank of Scotland plc, which became the principal banking subsidiary of HBOS. Halifax plc transferred its undertakings to Bank of Scotland plc, and although the brand name was retained, Halifax then began to operate under the latter's UK banking licence.
The provisions in the Act were implemented on 17 September 2007.
The share price peaked at over 1150p in February 2007.
2008 short selling and credit crunch.
In 2004 Paul Moore, HBOS head of Group Regulatory Risk, warned senior directors at HBOS about excessive risk-taking. He was dismissed, and his concerns not acted on.
In March 2008, HBOS shares fell 17 percent amid false rumours that it had asked the Bank of England for emergency funding. The Financial Services Authority conducted an investigation as to whether short selling had any links with the rumours. It concluded that there was no deliberate attempt to drive the share price down.
On 17 September 2008, very shortly after the demise of Lehman Brothers, HBOS's share price suffered wild fluctuations between 88p and 220p per share, despite the FSA's assurances as to its liquidity and exposure to the wider credit crunch.
However, later that day, the BBC reported that HBOS was in advanced takeover talks with Lloyds TSB to create a "superbank" with 38 million customers. This was later confirmed by HBOS. The BBC suggested that shareholders would be offered up to £3.00 per share, causing the share price to rise, but later retracted that comment. Later that day, the price was set at 0.83 Lloyds shares for each HBOS share, equivalent to 232p per share, which is less than the 275p price at which HBOS raised funds earlier in 2008.
To avoid another Northern Rock-style collapse, the UK government announced that should the takeover go ahead, they would allow it to bypass competition law.
Alex Salmond, Scotland's First Minister, previously an economist, said of the takeover: 
"I am very angry that we can have a situation where a bank can be forced into a merger by basically a bunch of short-selling spivs and speculators in the financial markets."
Vince Cable, the Liberal Democrats' economic spokesman mocked so-called "masters of the universe," whose hedge funds profited from short-selling.
Acquisition by Lloyds TSB.
On 18 September 2008 the terms of the recommended offer for HBOS by Lloyds TSB were announced. The deal was concluded on 19 January 2009. The three main conditions for the acquisition were:
A group of Scottish businessmen challenged the right of the UK government to approve the deal by over-ruling UK competition law, but this was rejected. The takeover was approved by HBOS shareholders on 12 December.
Prime Minister Gordon Brown personally brokered the deal with Lloyds TSB. An official said: "It is not the role of a Prime Minister to tell a City institution what to do". The Lloyds TSB board have stated that merchant banks Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley were amongst the advisers recommending the takeover.
Lloyds Banking Group said Edinburgh-based HBOS, which it absorbed in January, made a pre-tax loss of £10.8bn in 2008. Andy Hornby, the former chief executive of HBOS and Lord Stevenson of Coddenham, its former chairman, appeared before the Commons Treasury Committee to answer for the near-collapse of the bank. Mr Hornby said: "I'm very sorry what happened at HBOS. It has affected shareholders, many of whom are colleagues, it's affected the communities in which we live and serve, it's clearly affected taxpayers, and we are extremely sorry for the turn of events that has brought it about."
Bailout.
On 13 October 2008, Gordon Brown's announcement that government must be a "rock of stability" resulted to an "unprecedented but essential" government action: the Treasury would infuse £37 billion ($64 billion, €47 billion) of new capital into Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Lloyds TSB and HBOS Plc, to avert financial sector collapse or UK "banking meltdown". He stressed that it was not "standard public ownership", as the banks would return to private investors "at the right time". Alistair Darling claimed that the British public would benefit from the rescue plan, as the government would have some control over RBS in exchange for about £20 billion of funding. Total State ownership in RBS would be 60%, and 40% for HBOS. Royal Bank of Scotland said it intended to raise £20 billion ($34 billion) capital with the government's aid; its chief executive Fred Goodwin resigned. The government acquired $8.6 billion of preference shares and underwrote $25.7 billion of ordinary shares. Thus, it intended to raise £15 billion (€18.9 billion, $25.8 billion) from investors, to be underwritten by the government. The State would pay £5 billion for RBS, while Barclays Bank raised £6.5 billion from private sector investors, with no government help. Reuters reported that Britain could inject £40 billion ($69 billion) into the three banks including Barclays.
Controversy.
Links to the arms trade.
In December 2008 the British anti-poverty charity War on Want released a report documenting the extent to which HBOS and other UK commercial banks invest in, provide banking services for and make loans to arms companies. The charity wrote that HBOS held shares in the UK arms sector totalling £483.4 million, and served as principal banker for Babcock and Chemring.
Mortgage fraud.
During 2003 The Money Programme uncovered systemic mortgage fraud throughout HBOS. The Money Programme found that during the investigation brokers advised the undercover researchers to lie on applications for self-certified mortgages from, among others, The Bank of Scotland, The Mortgage Business and Birmingham Midshires. All three are part of the Halifax Bank of Scotland Group, Britain's biggest mortgage lender. James Crosby, head of HBOS at the time, refused to be interviewed in relation to the exposed mortgage fraud. Further examples of mortgage fraud have come to light, which has seen mortgage brokers take advantage of fast track processing systems, as seen at HBOS, by entering false details, often without the applicants knowledge.
Bank of Wales.
In 2002, HBOS dropped the Bank of Wales brand and absorbed the operations into Bank of Scotland Business Banking.
HBOS bad loans.
On Friday, 13 February 2009, Lloyds Banking Group revealed losses of £10bn at HBOS, £1.6bn higher than Lloyds had anticipated in November because of deterioration in the housing market and weakening company profits. The share price of Lloyds Banking Group plunged 32% on the London Stock Exchange, carrying other bank shares with it.
In September 2012 Peter Cummings, the head of HBOS corporate banking from 2006 to 2008, was fined £500,000 by the UK financial regulator over his role in the bank's collapse. Cummings was also banned from working in the banking industry by the Financial Services Authority (FSA). The losses in his division exceeded the initial taxpayer bailout for the bank in October 2008.
Reading branch fraud and Operation Hornet.
On Sunday 3 October 2010, Lyndon Scourfield, former director of mid-market high-risk at Bank of Scotland Corporate, his wife Jacquie Scourfield, ex-director of Remnant Media Tony Cartwright and ex-NatWest banker David Mills were arrested on suspicion of fraud by the Serious and Organised Crime Agency. The scandal centred around Lyndon Scourfield's use of his position to refer companies to Quayside Corporate Services, owned and operated by David Mills, for "turnaround" services which Quayside was unqualified to provide. Several members of Quayside's staff had criminal records for embezzlement. Customers were allegedly inappropriately pressured to take on excessive debt burdens and to make acquisitions benefiting Quayside.
Operations.
HBOS conducts all its operations through three main businesses:
Bank of Scotland plc.
Bank of Scotland plc is the banking division of the HBOS group, and operates the following brands:
HBOS Australia.
HBOS Australia was formed in 2004 to consolidate the group's holdings in Australia. It consists of the following subsidiaries:
Reported by Mohsin*
On 8 October 2008 HBOS Australia sold its Bank of Western Australia and St Andrew's Australia Pty Ltd subsidiaries for approximately A$2bn to Commonwealth Bank of Australia.
HBOS Insurance & Investment Group Limited.
HBOS Insurance & Investment Group Limited manages the group's insurance and investment brands in the UK and Europe. It consists of the following:
It also used to own UK investment manager Insight Investment Management Limited. The Bank of New York Mellon acquired Insight in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19389226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389226" title="Daniel I. Linzer">
Daniel I. Linzer

Daniel I. H. Linzer (born 1954) is an American molecular biologist and academic administrator. Linzer was named provost of Northwestern University on September 1, 2007 having previously served as Dean (2002–2007) and Associate Dean (1998–2002) of Northwestern's largest constituent school, the Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences.
Linzer received his bachelor's degree in molecular biophysics and biochemistry from Yale University in 1976, a Ph.D. in biochemical science from Princeton University in 1980, and a National Institutes of Health postdoctoral fellowship at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. He joined Northwestern in 1984 as an assistant professor, and remains a professor of biochemistry, molecular biology and cell biology. He has conducted research on the molecular basis of hormone action and signal transduction. Linzer has been awarded the Searle Scholars Award and the American Cancer Society Faculty Reserarch Award.
Linzer resides in Evanston, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19389228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389228" title="All American Alien Boy">
All American Alien Boy

All American Alien Boy is the second solo album by Ian Hunter. Because of management issues, Mick Ronson did not appear on this album; instead, Hunter brought in keyboardist Chris Stainton in order to act as a balancing force in the studio. Unlike his previous album, the album didn't feature any of his trademark rockers and he opted for a more jazzy direction. The album is a play off of Rick Derringer's 1973 album " All American Boy".
In 2006, the album was reissued with several bonus tracks.
Track listing.
All songs written by Ian Hunter

</doc>
<doc id="19389262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389262" title="Belchamber">
Belchamber

Belchamber is a 1904 novel by Howard Sturgis.
Plot introduction.
The story follows Sainty, an aristocratic heir who likes knitting and dislikes sports. He gets married after much goading from his mother, though his wife, Cissy, turns out to find him repugnant. She has an illegitimate son with someone else, who dies shortly after.
Literary significance and criticism.
The novel received mainly poor reviews from readers and critics, although E.M. Forster deplored the lack of readership the book received. Edith Wharton, a personal friend of Sturgis', nonetheless praised the novel. She described it as "very nearly in the first rank", she tried in vain to have the novel published by Scribner's before it was picked up by Putnam.

</doc>
<doc id="19389263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389263" title="J38">
J38

J38 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19389264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389264" title="Alan Soble">
Alan Soble

Alan Gerald Soble (born 1947) is an American philosopher and author of several books on the philosophy of sex. He is currently Emeritus Professor at the University of New Orleans.
Life.
Soble was born to William and Sylvia Soble in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Early in his professional career, Soble wrote papers in areas of Ethics and Epistemology. In the late 1970s he began to help articulate the fledgling specialty of the philosophy of sex, becoming one of the founding scholars and leaders of the field. In 1977, while at the University of Texas in Austin, he also founded The Society for the Philosophy of Sex & Love, serving as the society's director from 1977 to 1992; the proceedings of the Society were published in 1997 as "Sex, Love, and Friendship" with Soble as editor.
In subsequent years, Soble has edited or written many works in this field. In late 2005 he completed the central reference work in the philosophy of sex, "Sex from Plato to Paglia". 
Alan Soble was Research Professor at the University of New Orleans from 1986 to 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="19389275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389275" title="Alexis Phạm Văn Lộc">
Alexis Phạm Văn Lộc

Alexis Phạm Văn Lộc(17 March 1919 – 17 November 2011) was a Vietnamese Bishop of the Catholic Church. 
Lộc was born in Huế and ordained a priest on 21 August 1951. He was appointed coadjutor bishop of the Diocese of Kontum, as well as titular bishop of Respecta, on 27 March 1975, and ordained bishop on the same day. He succeeded Paul-Léon Seitz as Bishop of Kontum on 2 October 1975 and retired on 8 April 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19389281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389281" title="Dance with the Devil (instrumental)">
Dance with the Devil (instrumental)

Dance With The Devil is a solo drum instrumental by Cozy Powell based on the song "Third Stone From The Sun" by Jimi Hendrix. It reached No. 3 in the UK charts in January 1974.
The track is currently used in the build up music at Milton Keynes Dons FC, just before the teams come out on to the pitch.
The song was later covered by drummer Mark Edwards (Steeler, Third Stage Alert, Lion) and released on his all-instrumental EP "Code of Honor" in 1985. 

</doc>
<doc id="19389289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389289" title="Birthday Blues">
Birthday Blues

Birthday Blues is a 1932 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 118th (31st talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
When their pennypinching father refuses to buy a birthday gift for their long-suffering mother, brothers Dickie and Spanky decide to purchase a gift for Mom on their own. Unfortunately, the "late 1922 model" dress they have selected is beyond their price range (a daunting $1.98); thus, acting upon the advice of Stymie, Dickie and Spanky decide to bake a cake with hidden prizes, then auction off the cake at ten cents a slice.
The party turns out to be a mess and Spanky's and Dickie's father returns to find it. He throws the gang and other kids out of the house and then gives Dickie a severe spanking. When his father finds out that Dickie is using the money to buy his mother a dress, he abruptly changes his attitude. However, Dickie's mother feels the dress his father bought for her is too fancy to wear at church on Sunday morning, and proudly wears the one Dickie and Spanky picked out, to the crowd's amusement.
Notes.
This film was edited by about 5 minutes from the Little Rascals syndicated television package in 1971 due to perceived racism toward African Americans. The episode was fully reinstated on AMC from 2001 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19389301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389301" title="CP Boötis">
CP Boötis

CP Boötis is a variable star in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19389306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389306" title="Winston Smith">
Winston Smith

Winston Smith is a fictional character and the protagonist of George Orwell's 1949 novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four". The character was employed by Orwell as an everyman in the setting of the novel, a "central eye ... reader can readily identify with". 
Character overview.
Winston Smith works as a clerk in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth, where his job is to rewrite historical documents so they match the constantly changing current party line. This involves revising newspaper articles and doctoring photographs—mostly to remove "unpersons," people who have fallen foul of the party. Because of his proximity to the mechanics of rewriting history, Winston Smith nurses doubts about the Party and its monopoly on truth. Whenever Winston appears in front of a telescreen, he is referred to as "6079 Smith W".
Winston meets a young woman named Julia, a fellow member of the Outer Party who also bears resentment toward the party's ways; the two become lovers. Winston soon gets in touch with O'Brien, a member of the Inner Party whom Winston believes is secretly a member of The Brotherhood, a resistance organisation dedicated to overthrowing the Party's dictatorship. Believing they have met a kindred spirit, Winston and Julia join the Brotherhood.
However, O'Brien is really an agent of the Thought Police, which has had Winston under surveillance for seven years. Winston and Julia are soon captured. Winston remains defiant when he is captured, and endures several months of extreme torture at O'Brien's hands. However, his spirit finally breaks when he is taken into Room 101 and confronted by his own worst fear: the unspeakable horror of slowly being eaten alive by rats. Terrified by the realisation that this threat will come true if he continues to resist, he denounces Julia and pledges his loyalty to the Party. Any possibility of resistance or independent thought is destroyed when Smith is forced to accept the assertion 2 + 2 = 5, a phrase which has entered the lexicon to represent obedience to ideology over rational truth or fact. By the end of the novel, O'Brien's torture has reverted Winston to his previous status as an obedient, unquestioning slave who genuinely loves "Big Brother". Beyond his total capitulation and submission to the party, Winston's fate is left unresolved in the novel. As Winston realises that he loves Big Brother, he dreams of a public trial and an execution; however the novel itself ends with Winston, presumably still in the Chestnut Tree Café, contemplating the face of Big Brother.
Character background.
Orwell conceived of the character sometime around 1945. His name comes from Winston Churchill and the common surname Smith. He was also partly inspired by the character of Rubashov from Arthur Koestler's novel "Darkness at Noon", especially his response and reaction to his interrogation.
In other media.
The character of Smith has appeared on radio, television and film in adaptations of the novel. The first actor to play the role was David Niven in an 27 August 1949 radio adaptation for NBC's "NBC University Theater"; the next radio Winston Smith was played by Richard Widmark on a 26 April 1953 broadcast of "The United States Steel Hour" on ABC. In BBC One's "Nineteen Eighty-Four" (1954) Smith was played by Peter Cushing, and in a 1965 BBC adaptation by David Buck. In the 1956 film, Edmond O'Brien performed the role. In a 1965 dramatisation broadcast on BBC Home Service, Patrick Troughton voiced the part. John Hurt played Smith in the 1984 film adaptation, "1984". (Hurt also played a Big Brother-style figure named Adam Sutler in the 2005 film "V for Vendetta".)
Winston Smith is also the name of a cat owned by a pro-choice activist in Stephen King's "Insomnia".

</doc>
<doc id="19389307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389307" title="TP-Link">
TP-Link

TP-LINK Technologies Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 普联技术)(stylized, trademarked and marketed as TP-LINK) is a manufacturer of computer networking products based in Shenzhen, China. TP-LINK is the largest Small Office and Home Office (SOHO) networking market share holder in China. TP-LINK is also number one in global shipments of wireless LAN products as of the first quarter of 2013. 
History.
TP-LINK was founded in 1996 by two brothers, Zhao Jianjun (Cliff Chao) and Zhao Jiaxing (Jeffrey Chao), with a network card they had developed. The company name was based on the concept of “twisted pair link”, a kind of electromagnetic cabling. 
TP-LINK sells through multiple sales channels globally, including traditional retailers, online retailers, wholesale distributors, direct market resellers (“DMRs”), value-added resellers (“VARs”) and broadband service providers. Its main competition includes companies such as NETGEAR, Belkin, Linksys, D-Link and Asus. 
TP-LINK began its first international expansion in 2005. In 2007, the company moved into its new 100,000 square meters headquarters and facilities at Shenzhen’s Hi-Tech Industry Park. TP-LINK USA was established in 2008.
Global Presence.
Since entering the international market in 2005, TP-Link products have been deployed in over 120 countries. As of the first quarter of 2013, as of 2012 TP-Link is the largest market share holder in the world for WLAN equipment 42.2% global market share.
Product Range.
Products include wireless networking, portable routers, 3G/4G routers, switches, routers, Powerline adapters, IP cameras and print servers. 
Wireless Technology.
TP-LINK markets a range of wireless networking products, including the Archer line of dual-band wireless routers using the new “802.11ac” wireless standard, along with other dual-band wireless routers using the 802.11n wireless standard.
Portable Routers.
TP-LINK’s line of portable “travel” routers are smaller in size than typical home devices, targeting business travelers or families that travel and need to share one Internet connection in a hotel for multiple devices. 
3G/4G Routers.
3G/4G routers share Internet connections deriving from modems accessing various wireless broadband technology standards such as LTE, HSPA+/HSUPA/HSDPA, UMTS, and EVDO.
Switches.
TP-LINK markets a range of L2 gigabit managed switches under the “JetStream” brand along with “smart” switches and unmanaged switches.
Routers.
TP-LINK markets VPN routers under the “SafeStream” brand along with load balance broadband routers.
Powerline.
TP-LINK sells a range of adapters and starter kits using the HomePlug Powerline Alliance networking standard.
Manufacturing.
TP-LINK is one of the few major wireless networking companies to manufacture its products in-house as opposed to outsourcing to “ODMs” (original design manufacturers). The company claims this control over components and the supply chain is a key competitive differentiator. 

</doc>
<doc id="19389308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389308" title="Calderdale Council election, 1999">
Calderdale Council election, 1999

Elections to Calderdale Council were held on 6 May 1999. One third of the council was up for election and the Labour party lost overall control of the council to no overall control. The overall turnout of the election was 30.09% (44,215 voters of an electorate of 146,944). The winning candidate in each ward is highlighted in bold. 
After the election, the composition of the council was

</doc>
<doc id="19389317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389317" title="Second Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University">
Second Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University

The Second Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University () is a teaching hospital in Urumqi, Xinjiang, China affiliated with Xinjiang Medical University.
History.
On October 25, 1954 the Xinjiang Military District issued a letter for the establishment of the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps, the First Military Hospital. In June 1954, the Ministry of Health and the Northwest Field Army Corps preparing to come to the proposed sites in the field for investigation, preparation of construction plans. In August 1954, construction of the hospital began.
Composition.
Hospital is divided into two parts;
It has a total of 1041 beds, 47 medical and clinical departments, clinical teaching and research section. Hospital has a professionally trained staff including 102 professional and technical staff, more than 70 master's degree doctors, more than 250 mid-level professionals and technicians. It is a level-A rated hospital in Xinjiang treating bone and joint diseases and peripheral nerve diseases. Xinjiang deaf and dumb rehabilitation, prevention and treatment center is also a major project of this hospital.
Treatment facilities.
Hospital has:
and other biochemical analyzer state-of-the-art inspection equipment. With various minimally invasive surgery and endoscopic surgical microscopes and advanced cardiac surgery state-of-the-art equipment and highly equipped operating room.
Achievements.
Hospital has a strong academic atmosphere, it has been awarded more than 50 scientific and technological awards, 32 medical professionals have published more than 1,000 research articles in the Chinese Journal of Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="19389318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389318" title="Hans Asperger">
Hans Asperger

Hans Asperger (February 18, 1906 – October 21, 1980) was an Austrian pediatrician, medical theorist, and medical professor. He is best known for his early studies on mental disorders, especially in children. His work was largely unnoticed during his lifetime except for a few accolades in Vienna, and his studies on psychological disorders only acquired world renown posthumously. There was a resurgence of interest in his work beginning in the 1980s, and due to his earlier work which is regarded by some as under the fold of autism spectrum disorders, Asperger syndrome (AS) was named after him. Both Asperger's original paediatric diagnosis of autistic psychopathy and the eponymous diagnosis of AS that was named for him several decades after are controversial.
Personal life.
Hans Asperger was born on a farm outside Vienna. He was the elder of two sons. He had difficulty finding friends and was considered a lonely, remote child. As a child, Asperger himself appeared to have exhibited features of the condition subsequently named after him. He was talented in language; in particular he was interested in the Austrian poet Franz Grillparzer, whose poetry he would frequently quote to his uninterested classmates. He also liked to quote himself and often referred to himself from a third-person perspective.
Asperger studied medicine at the University of Vienna under Franz Hamburger and practiced at the University Children's Hospital in Vienna. He graduated doctor of medicine in 1931 and became director of the special education section at the university children's clinic in Vienna in 1932. He married in 1935 and had five children.
Career.
During World War II, he was a medical officer, serving in the Axis occupation of Croatia; his younger brother died at Stalingrad. Near the end of the war, Asperger opened a school for children with Sister Viktorine Zak. The school was bombed and destroyed, Sister Viktorine was killed, and much of Asperger's early work was lost.
Asperger published a definition of autistic psychopathy in 1944 that was nearly identical with the definition published earlier by a Russian neurologist Grunya Sukhareva (Груня Ефимовна Сухарева) in 1926. Asperger identified in four boys a pattern of behavior and abilities that included "a lack of empathy, little ability to form friendships, one-sided conversations, intense absorption in a special interest, and clumsy movements". Asperger called children with AP "little professors" because of their ability to talk about their favorite subject in great detail. Asperger noticed that many of the children he identified as being autistic used their special talents in adulthood and had successful careers. One of them became a professor of astronomy and solved an error in Newton’s work he had originally noticed as a student. Another one of Asperger's patients was the Austrian writer and Nobel Prize in Literature laureate, Elfriede Jelinek. 
In 1944, after the publication of his landmark paper describing autistic symptoms, he found a permanent tenured post at the University of Vienna. Shortly after the war ended, he became director of a children's clinic in the city. He was appointed chair of pediatrics at the University of Vienna, a post he held for twenty years. He later held a post at Innsbruck. Beginning in 1964, he headed the SOS-Kinderdorf in Hinterbrühl. He became professor emeritus in 1977, and died three years later. Asperger syndrome is named after him.
Posthumous developments.
Asperger died before his identification of this pattern of behaviour became widely recognised. This was in part due to his work being exclusively in German and as such it was little-translated; medical academics, then as now, also disregarded Asperger's work based on its merits or lack thereof. English researcher Lorna Wing proposed the condition Asperger's syndrome in a 1981 paper, "Asperger's syndrome: a clinical account", that challenged the previously accepted model of autism presented by Leo Kanner in 1943. It was not until 1991 that an authoritative translation of Asperger's work was made by Uta Frith; before this AS had still been "virtually unknown". Frith said that fundamental questions regarding the diagnosis had not been answered, and the necessary scientific data to address this did not exist. Unlike Kanner, who overshadowed Asperger, the latter's findings were ignored and disregarded in the English-speaking world in his lifetime. In the early 1990s Asperger's work gained some notice due to Wing's research on the subject and Frith's recent translation, leading to the inclusion of the eponymous condition in the ICD-10 in 1993, and the DSM-IV in 1994, some half a century after Asperger's original research. Despite this brief resurgence of interest in his work in the 1990s, AS remains a controversial and contentious diagnosis due to its unclear relationship to the autism spectrum. The World Health Organization's ICD describes AS as "a disorder of uncertain nosological validity", and there is majority consensus to phase the diagnosis out of the American Psychiatric Association's diagnosis manual.
In his 1944 paper, as Uta Frith translated from the German in 1991, Asperger wrote, We are convinced, then, that autistic people have their place in the organism of the social community. They fulfill their role well, perhaps better than anyone else could, and we are talking of people who as children had the greatest difficulties and caused untold worries to their care-givers. Eric Schopler wrote in 1998:Asperger's own publications did not inspire research, replication, or scientific interest prior to 1980. Instead, he laid the fertile groundwork for the diagnostic confusion that has grown since 1980.
Asperger's birthday, February 18, was declared International Asperger's Day.

</doc>
<doc id="19389322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389322" title="Frances Clarke Sayers">
Frances Clarke Sayers

Frances Clarke Sayers (September 4, 1897-June 24, 1989) was an American children's librarian, author of children's books, and lecturer on children's literature. In 1999, "American Libraries" named him one of the "100 Most Important Leaders We Had in the 20th Century".
Biography.
Frances Clarke was born on September 4, 1897 in Topeka, Kansas to parents Oscar Lincoln Clarke and Marian Busby. When she was a child she moved with her family to Galveston, Texas, which would later prove to be a great source of inspiration for her numerous children’s books. In an essay published in the September 15, 1956 edition of "Library Journal", she reminisces about a woman telling her the story of the Gingerbread Man. Sayers states that, "I cannot recall her name, but her eyes were brown, her hair the exact shade of her eyes, she was short and plump, and I would know her voice were I even to hear it in paradise."
Career.
While it was in her early years that she fell in love with the art of storytelling, it was not until the age of twelve, when she read an article in "St. Nicholas Magazine" regarding service to children in the New York Public Library, that Frances Clarke decided to become a children's librarian. She attended the University of Texas at Austin, but after spending only two years there she left in order to attend the Carnegie Library School in Pittsburgh because that university was "noted for its devoted staff and belief in taking books to children wherever they were". After graduation, she began her career in librarianship when Anne Carroll Moore, Superintendent of the Department of Work with Children at the New York Public Library, invited her to come to work there. 
In 1923, after five years with the NYPL, Frances Clarke decided to move to California to be closer to her family. There she wed her longtime friend Alfred H.P. Sayers. The couple moved to Chicago where Alfred Sayers owned a bookstore. In Chicago, Sayers helped her husband run his bookstore and worked part-time as an editorial assistant for the American Library Association. Unfortunately, the Great Depression caused a lack of business for the Sayers’s bookstore and they decided to move back to California. Soon Sayers began to write children's books that would delight and enchant children, as well as adults, throughout the years. Her books were often semi-autobiographical, often bringing back the sights, smells, and sounds of her childhood in Texas. 
In California Sayers added another title to her repertoire: that of lecturer. "In 1936 she offered a course in children's literature at the Library School of the University of California, Berkeley, where she emphasized high standards of criticism, respect for children and children's books, and delight in storytelling." 
In 1941, Sayers moved back to New York to replace Anne Carroll Moore at the NYPL as Superintendent of the Department of Work with Children. While Superintendent Sayers also "taught a course in writing for children at the New School for Social Research...and served as a consultant to the Library of Congress for the reorganization of its Children’s Book Collection." 
In 1952, after eleven years with the NYPL, Sayers retired from the life of a public librarian. However, her active spirit would not allow her to rest. In no time, Sayers was back lecturing students on the importance of children's literature. Throughout 1953 and 1954 Sayers traveled to many universities lecturing on this topic. 
Sayers moved back to California to live with her sister. It was not long before Sayers was once again summoned to step into the role of lecturer. Sayers now found herself "Senior Lecturer in the English department for the University of California, Los Angeles. When the UCLA School of Library Service opened in 1960, she was invited to offer the course in children’s literature there also." She retired from lecturing in the mid-1960s, but continued writing children’s books and for scholarly journals. She died in her home of a stroke at the age of 91.
Essays and speeches.
"Summoned by Books".
"Summoned by Books" is a speech Sayers gave in November 1962 at the annual meeting of the California Library Association. She speaks on the issue that librarians need to make themselves known and appreciated once again, and to do that, they need to appreciate themselves. Sayers tells them that not only are they responsible for helping patrons find the information they want, but that as librarians, they are responsible for sharing with patrons the same love and appreciation they feel for books as well. She states that, “…as librarians we are not only summoned by books ourselves, but we are the instrumentation for the summoning of others.” 
"Happy Botheration".
"Happy Botheration" was published in the November 1954 School Library Association of California Bulletin. In "Happy Botheration" Sayers discusses her move back to California and her thoughts while she was unpacking her many books. She goes into detail about how much she has come to love and care for her books, and wouldn’t part with them for all the money in the world. She manages to capture her admiration for literature by the way she talks about her experience as an assistant librarian for the New York Public Library, as well as by discussing her need to mark pages that hold some of her favorite passages. Of this, Sayers says that while unpacking she appreciates looking through her books and as “[is leafing through, and there is the favorite passage, the eye caught and held, the mind following after.”
"Of Memory and Muchness".
In her speech "Of Memory and Muchness", which she gave in November 1956 at a meeting of the California Library Association, Sayers begins by questioning what is meant in the passage of "Alice in Wonderland" where the Dormouse talks of Alice learning to draw and in turn, drawing many things including "memory, and muchness." From this Sayers discusses children's books that have survived and thrived throughout the ages, asking everyone to remember their favorite book. Sayers also talks of the effect of "muchness" in society and the commercialization of literature, warning her fellow librarians of the likes of Walt Disney, saying, “Walt Disney is another big book promoter, and is quite without conscience as to how he waters down, distorts, and vulgarizes such books of high originality…Muchness acclaims Mr. Disney.”
Awards.
Throughout her long career, Frances Clarke Sayers was recognized for her many contributions and achievements in librarianship and children's literature. In 1965 she was given the Joseph W. Lippincott Award for her distinguished service in librarianship. In 1966 she received the Clarence Day Award for "Summoned by Books," her collection of speeches and writings. Sayers was also awarded the Southern California Children's Literature Award in 1969 and the Catholic Library Association's Regina Medal in 1973. 

</doc>
<doc id="19389324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389324" title="Leila Gerstein">
Leila Gerstein

Leila Gerstein is an American television producer and screenwriter.
Gerstein has written for television shows, including "The O.C." and "Life As We Know It", and written and produced episodes of "Eli Stone". She was praised for her use of "sharp dialogue" in "The O.C." episode "The Metamorphosis". She created the 2011 medical comedy-drama series "Hart of Dixie".
"Hart of Dixie".
In February 2011, The CW ordered the pilot for Gerstein's "Hart of Dixie" and on May 17, 2011 officially picked up the series for the 2011-2012 season. The show is about a New York City doctor named Zoe Hart who inherits a medical practice in a small Southern town inhabited by an eclectic and eccentric group of characters. It was penned by Gerstein and is executive produced by Stephanie Savage, Josh Schwartz and Len Goldstein through Fake Empire production company.
On February 2, 2011, Jason Ensler was booked to direct the pilot. On February 15, 2011, Rachel Bilson signed on to play Zoe Hart, the main character. 
"Hart of Dixie" premiered on September 26, 2011. On May 11, 2012, the CW renewed the series for a second season, and on April 26, 2013, for a third.

</doc>
<doc id="19389328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389328" title="Derek Stingley">
Derek Stingley

Derek Stingley (born April 9, 1971 in Chicago, Illinois) is the head coach for the Pittsburgh Power of Arena Football League. Prior to his coaching career, he also had an eight-year playing career as a defensive specialist for the Albany Firebirds. He also played college baseball at Triton College and was selected in the 1993 Major League Baseball Draft as a center fielder by the Philadelphia Phillies, where he spent three seasons (1993–1995).
Early life.
Stingley was just seven years old when his father, Darryl Stingley a wide receiver for the New England Patriots, was paralyzed in a preseason game, after being hit by Oakland Raiders' safety Jack Tatum on August 12, 1978.
College career.
Stingley enrolled at Purdue University in 1989, where he intended to play both football and baseball. However he soon decided that he was too small, at just 5' 10" tall and 150 pounds, to play football in the Big Ten Conference. So he decided to leave Purdue and attended two smaller, junior colleges, located in Indiana. Finally graduating from Triton College.
Professional playing career.
Stingley was selected in by the Philadelphia Phillies in the 1993 Major League Baseball Draft. He played in the Phillies organization for three seasons before deciding to play professional football. He began his professional football career playing for the Louisiana Bayou Thunder, a semi-pro football team. He was then signed to play in the Arena Football League by Mike Hohensee, then-head coach of the Albany Firebirds.
On June 14, 1998, Stingley was on the receiving end of a hard hit by Thomas Orr of the New York CityHawks that left him unconscious for 10 minutes, many believing that Stingley, like his father, had been paralyzed by the hit. However, he soon recovered. Coincidentally, his father was in attendance at that game. As a result he did miss one game, suffering a concussion from the hit. In 1999, Stingley was signed to the New York Jets' practice squad. However, he was released by the team after just three practices. On January 15, 2002, Stingley was waived by the Chicago Rush. In February 2003, Stingley signed with the Carolina Cobras.
Professional coaching career.
af2.
Stingley began his coaching career with the Macon Knights of the af2, the Arena Football League's minor league, in 2005 as a defensive coordinator, but was promoted to Head Coach mid-way through the season. He coached the Knights for two seasons and was able to turn around a losing 2-4 record, finishing the 2005 season at 8-8 and making the playoffs. In the 2006 season, the team again finished 8-8, just missing the playoffs by one game. After spending two seasons with the Knights, he was hired as the head coach of the South Georgia Wildcats, after the firing of coach Donnie Davis after a 3-13 season. 
In 2007, his first season in Georgia, Stingley recorded a 10-6 record and advanced to the second round of the playoffs. In his second and final season with the Wildcats, he was named the 2008 Coach of the Year after the Wildcats finished with a 12-4 record, winning their final seven games to close out the regular season and captured first place in the league's South Division. The team also finished in the top ten in several statistical categories, including scoring defense, rushing defense and interceptions. While a head coach in af2, his overall record was 37 wins and 25 losses, a winning percentage of .597, including three postseason appearances.
On November 17, it was announced that Stingley had signed with the Bossier-Shreveport Battle Wings to become the teams Defensive Coordinator.
Arena Football League.
On September 16, 2008, he was hired by the New Orleans VooDoo as their new defensive coordinator. On October 15, 2008 the Voodoo announced that the team was ceasing operations resulting in Stingley's contract being nullified. On September 16, 2010, he was hired by the VooDoo as their new Head Coach. On June 26, 2011 Derek Stingley was released by the New Orleans Voodoo as the head coach. On May 21, 2012, he was named the head coach of the AFL's Pittsburgh Power.
Personal.
Stingley is the youngest child of Darryl and Tina Stingley. He currently resides in Baton Rouge, Louisiana along with his wife Natasha and their four children Isis, Nahjha, Derek Jr., and Sanaa. Derek is the youngest of three sons, his siblings, Darryl Stingley Jr and John S. Smith, a Chicago Police Detective.

</doc>
<doc id="19389345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389345" title="Banco de Bilbao Tower">
Banco de Bilbao Tower

The Banco de Bilbao Tower (also known as Torre BBVA, or, in English, BBVA Tower) is a 107m skyscraper in Madrid, Spain, within the AZCA financial district, and is currently the company's Madrid HQ. It was designed by the Spanish architect Francisco Javier Sáenz de Oiza, who won the private tender in 1971, convoked by the "Banco de Bilbao", nowadays BBVA. It was built between 1979 and 1981.
It is one of the most important architectural landmarks of Madrid, with its striking ocher color, more intense as the time passes due to the oxidation of its facade steel. It has a rectangular floor (1,200 m2 per floor) with round corners, and the facade is made of continuous glass and steel, allowing exterior views from every point. The South, East and West facades also have steel sunshades in every floor, contributing to its characteristic look.
The building is supported on two concrete cores which also hold the utilities and lift shafts. Around them, the office area is a clear working space without divisions. The building has three staircases connecting every floor plus 14 elevators (divided by vertical zones as well as by uses: public, service, board-of-directors exclusive).
The foundation had to be designed having in mind that the underground commuter rail passes right through the lowest basement, having the building "ride" the tunnel. The inner core supports, at regular intervals, six prestressed concrete floor platforms, which in turn support the five steel structure floors above each of them.
The building has 28 working floors, with the five top ones dedicated to the company Board of Directors, containing the cabinet meeting room, many other conference and meeting areas, a private restaurant and relax zones. The first basement also holds the BBVA Auditorium and a public exposition space. There are four main utility floors: Basement 4 and Technical Floors 1 through 3 (located over floors 11, 20 and 28 respectively); The underground parking is located on basements 1, 2 and 3.
In 2007 the bank sold it to the real estate company Gmp, although it still occupies the building.

</doc>
<doc id="19389347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389347" title="Batrachocephalus mino">
Batrachocephalus mino

Batrachocephalus mino, the Beardless sea catfish, is the only species of catfish (order Siluriformes) in the genus Batrachocephalus of the family Ariidae. This species occurs in marine and brackish waters of Bay of Bengal, and parts of the western central Pacific, in coastal waters, estuaries, and lower reaches of rivers. It is distributed from Pakistan, India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Malaysia, Thailand, to Indonesia.
This fish reaches about 25.0 centimetres (9.8 in) TL.
"B. mino" feeds on invertebrates and small fishes. It is caught commercially for human consumption. 

</doc>
<doc id="19389395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389395" title="Hooper Atchley">
Hooper Atchley

Hooper Atchley (April 30, 1887 – November 17, 1943) was an American film actor. He appeared in 214 films between 1929 and 1944 and is known for his appearance as the inconsiderate father in the "Our Gang" film "Birthday Blues" (1932).
Early life and education.
He was born Lemuel Hooper Atchley in Ebenezer, Tennessee.
Death.
Atchley committed suicide by shooting himself with a shotgun in 1943 in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19389396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389396" title="Tillicum Village">
Tillicum Village

Tillicum Village is a Puget Sound area visitor attraction located on Blake Island just off the shore of Seattle, WA. It is believed that this attraction dates to the time period immediately preceding the 1962 Seattle World's Fair. The Tillicum Village attraction features a scenic cruise from Seattle's central waterfront aboard a passenger vessel operated by Argosy Cruises. Tillicum village is located on the northeastern shore of Blake Island, a Washington State Park accessible only by boat.
The visitor experience includes a greeting from Tillicum Village employees costumed in Northwest Coastal Native tribal costume. Outside the longhouse facility, visitors are given a cup of clams and broth (clam nectar). As visitors enter the longhouse, a cooking display shows whole salmon being cooked on cedar stakes over an alder wood fire in a traditional style of Northwest Coastal Natives. A buffet-style meal is available featuring the just-cooked salmon. Upon completion of the meal, the Tillicum Village dancers provide a performance which incorporates traditional stories, dances, and songs of Northwest Coastal Native groups. 
Prior to the return trip to downtown Seattle, time is provided following the performance where visitors may have the opportunity to visit a gallery featuring regional Northwest artwork, watch a totem pole carving demonstration by Native Americans, and walk along the beaches and trails of the Island. Visitors can also camp on Blake Island, and still visit Tillicum Village.

</doc>
<doc id="19389399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389399" title="St Canice's Cathedral">
St Canice's Cathedral

St Canice's Cathedral, also known as Kilkenny Cathedral, is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Kilkenny city, Ireland. It is in the ecclesiastical province of Dublin.
Previously the cathedral of the Diocese of Ossory, it is now one of six cathedrals in the United Dioceses of Cashel and Ossory.
History.
The present building dates from the 13th century and is the second longest cathedral in Ireland. Beside the cathedral stands a 100 ft 9th-century round tower. St Canice's tower is an example of a well-preserved 9th-century "Celtic Christian" round tower. It is dedicated to St Canice. It is one of only two such medieval round towers in Ireland that can be climbed to the top.
The cathedral stands on an ancient site which has been used for Christian worship since the 6th century. In the 1120s the see of Ossory was moved from Aghaboe to Kilkenny.
Following the English Reformation, the reformed church in Ireland was established by decree of the Irish Parliament to became the state church in the Kingdom of Ireland as the Church of Ireland, taking possession of most church property (and so retained a great repository of religious architecture and other items, though some were later destroyed). The substantial majority of the population, however, remained faithful to the Latin liturgy of Roman Catholicism, despite the political and economic advantages of membership in the state church. Since St Canice's Cathedral was taken over in this way, Roman Catholic adherents were consequently obliged to worship elsewhere. St Mary's Cathedral in Kilkenny was later built for the Roman Catholic diocese.
The cathedral contains some 16th-century monuments. The architectural style of the cathedral is Early Gothic and is built of limestone. It is richly endowed with many stained glass windows, including the East window which is a replica of the original 13th-century window. The cathedral contains some of the finest 16th-century monuments in Ireland.
Ancient history.
Kilkenny was the ancient capital of the Kingdom of Ossory and St Canice's Cathedral stands on a site which has experienced Christian worship since the 6th century. The name of "Kilkenny" itself retains the anglicised version of the Irish "Cill Chainnigh", which translates as "Church of Cainneach", or "Canice".
The earliest church on the site is presumed to have been made of wood, later to be replaced in the later medieval period by a romanesque-style stone church. This was in turn replaced by the current imposing medieval cathedral. A few yards from the present south transept stands an imposing 9th-century round tower, 100 ft high. Accessible only by a steep set of internal ladders, it may once have been both a watchtower and a refuge. The summit gives a clear view of Kilkenny and the countryside around. The hill on which the cathedral stands is believed to be the centre of the first major settlement at Kilkenny, and the round tower suggests an early ecclesiastical foundation. Much less is known about the early secular structures, but the area around the cathedral, called Irishtown, is the oldest part of the present city.
There is no mention of Kilkenny in the lives of Cainnech of Aghaboe, Ciarán of Saighir or any of the early annels of Ireland suggesting that in those times it was not of great importance. The "Annals of the Four Masters" recorded entries for "Cill Chainnigh" in 1085 ("Ceall-Cainnigh was for the most part burned") and again in 1114 ("... Cill-Cainnigh ... were all burned this year").
The present building was begun in the 13th century, when it was at the western end of Kilkenny, and shows some similarities to St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, both dating from the same period and completed by the end of the 13th century.
In the "Red Book of Ossory", fifteen pages dating from about 1324 contain sixty Latin verses, or "Cantilenae", written by Richard Ledred, Bishop of Ossory, better known for his connection with trials for heresy and witchcraft. As stated elsewhere in the "Red Book", Ledred wrote these verses "for the Vicars Choral of Kilkenny Cathedral, his priests and clerics, to be sung on great festivals and other occasions, that their throats and mouths, sanctified to God, might not be polluted with theatrical, indecent, and secular songs."
The cathedral was "restored" between 1844 and 1867 without the removal of any important medieval features.
Description.
Cruciform, the cathedral was built in the Early English, or English Gothic, style of architecture, of limestone, with a low central tower supported on black marble columns. The exterior walls, apart from the gables, are embattled, and there are two small spires at the west end. The cathedral is seventy-five yards long, and its width along the transepts is forty-one yards.
Inside, high pointed arches form entrances from the nave into the choir and the two transepts. Between the nave and each aisle is a row of five black marble clustered columns, with high moulded arches. The nave is lighted by a large west window and five clerestory windows, while the aisles each have four windows. The choir has a groined ceiling with fine tracery and a central group of cherubs. The baptismal font is medieval and the ancient stone of enthronement for bishops still exists under the seat of the medieval throne in the North Transept, where to this day the bishops of Ossory are enthroned.
The cathedral contains some of the finest ancient monuments in Ireland, including one to Bishop David, and the tombs of many bishops of Ossory and several owners of Kilkenny Castle. The subjects of the memorials stretch widely across the social spectrum, from the great figures of the house of Ormonde to the humble shoemaker and carpenter. In the north transept is the ancient Chair of St Kieran, made of carved stone, still used as the chair of enthronement for the bishops of Cashel and Ossory.
There are continental carvings on the choir stalls and the hammerbeam roof. The cathedral has many stained glass windows, including the fine East window, which is a replica of the 13th-century original.
On the eastern side of the south transept is the consistory court, built by Bishop Pococke, with the chapter house to the north of it. From the north transept a dark passage leads into St Mary's chapel, where the services of St Canice's parish once took place, and a later parish church next to it holds the tomb of Bishop Gafney (died 1576).
Despite some 19th-century restoration, the cathedral has been carefully preserved in its original style and form.
Near the cathedral's east end is Bishop's Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="19389403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389403" title="Laquette">
Laquette

The Laquette is a river of northern France, right tributary of the Lys. It flows into the Lys in Aire-sur-la-Lys.

</doc>
<doc id="19389404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389404" title="Oregon Cultural Heritage Commission">
Oregon Cultural Heritage Commission

The Oregon Cultural Heritage Commission (OCHC) is a non-profit organization based in the U.S. state of Oregon. The commission was formed in 1991 in order to discover and commemorate important literary and cultural contributions to Oregon's history. The group does this through publications and other media, memorials, and public events. An edict by Portland mayor Bud Clark formally inaugurated the group, which was granted non-profit status in 1993.
Among the projects the group has helped sponsor is The Oregon Encyclopedia. 
The 100 Oregon Books.
In 2005, OCHC compiled "The 100 Oregon Books", a list of books published between 1800 and 2000 that exemplify Oregon's literary heritage. The list was created as part of the centennial celebration of the Oregon State Library.

</doc>
<doc id="19389410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389410" title="The Exception to the Rulers">
The Exception to the Rulers

The Exception to the Rulers is a 2004 non-fiction book co-authored by American liberal journalists Amy and David Goodman. It reached number 12 in the New York Times Best Seller list for non-fiction paperbacks in 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="19389417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389417" title="Third Affiliated Hospital of XMU">
Third Affiliated Hospital of XMU

The Third Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University (), also known as the Cancer Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University　() is a teaching hospital in Urumqi, Xinjiang, China affiliated with Xinjiang Medical University.

</doc>
<doc id="19389421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389421" title="Sugartooth (album)">
Sugartooth (album)

Sugartooth is the first album by alternative rock band Sugartooth. It was released on the 12th April 1994. The song "Sold My Fortune" became a minor hit having aired on an episode of Beavis and Butt-head. This album features drummer Joey Castillo, later of Danzig and currently with Queens Of The Stone Age.
External links.
Sugartooth at Allmusic
Sources.
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Sugartooth/dp/B000003TAV/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&s=music&qid=1221848377&sr=8-5

</doc>
<doc id="19389425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389425" title="Toine Hezemans">
Toine Hezemans

Toine Hezemans (born 15 April 1943 in Eindhoven) was an active Dutch touring and prototype racing car driver in 1960s and 1970s, nowadays one of principals of Phoenix Carsport.
Hezemans won the European Touring Car Championship in 1970 with Alfa Romeo GTAm and in 1973 with BMW 3.0 CSL and 1975 Euro GT class with Porsche 934.
In the 1970s Hezemans drove also Alfa Romeo Tipo 33 prototype racers, winning the 1971 Targa Florio with Nino Vaccarella in an Alfa Romeo 33/3.
His son Mike Hezemans is one of the Phoenix Carsport team drivers.

</doc>
<doc id="19389436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389436" title="2008 Kazakhstan Cup">
2008 Kazakhstan Cup

The Kazakhstan Cup 2008 was the 62nd edition overall and 17th since independence of the Kazakh national football cup. The competition started on April 9, 2008 and finished with the Final played on November 16, 2008. The winners of the Cup earned a place in second qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League 2009–10.
First round.
The first round involved 28 teams. When the draw was conducted teams were divided into three pots to avoid matches between the strongest clubs in the early stage of competition. The matches were played on April 9, 2008.
Round of 16.
The matches were played on April 23, 2008.
Quarterfinals.
The quarterfinal matches were played on May 7 (first legs) and May 14, 2008 (second legs).
Semifinals.
The first legs were played on October 28 and second on November 12, 2008.
The expulsion of FC Vostok, assessed on September 16, 2008 by the Football Federation of Kazakhstan for taking part in a fixed match, has been revoken on October 2, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19389444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389444" title="Ranjit Sagar Dam">
Ranjit Sagar Dam

The Ranjit Sagar Dam, also known as the Thein Dam, is part of a hydroelectric project constructed by the Government of Punjab on the Ravi River in the state of Punjab. The project is situated near Pathankot city in Pathankot district of the state of Punjab. The project is the largest hydroelectric dam in the state of Punjab. The township where the site is located is called Shah pur Kandi Township. Feasibility studies for the project began in 1953 and geotechnical studies continued until 1980. Construction began in 1981, the generators were commissioned in 2000 and the project complete in March 2001.
The project is used for both irrigation purposes and power generation. It has an 600 Megawatt capacity. The dam is one of the highest earth-fill dams in India and has the largest diameter penstock pipes in the country. It is located upstream of the Madhopur Barrage at Madhopur.

</doc>
<doc id="19389452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389452" title="Great Strickland">
Great Strickland

Great Strickland is a village and civil parish in the Eden Valley between the Cumbrian mountains in the west and the Pennines in the east. It is south east of Penrith, and is in the former county of Westmorland.
The sandstone village church is dedicated to Saint Barnabas and was constructed in 1872. It has a bell turret.
To the west of the village lies the River Leith, the West Coast Main Line and the M6 Motorway. To the south lies the small settlement of Little Strickland.
History.
The village gets it name from a Scandinavian term for pastureland around the 
9th and 10th centuries, in 1179 the local heiress Christian de Leteham married Walter de Castlecarrock and he changed his name to de Strikeland.
See also.
http://www.thestricklandarms.co.uk

</doc>
<doc id="19389466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389466" title="Helga Vlahović">
Helga Vlahović

Helga Vlahović (January 28, 1945 – February 27, 2012) was a Croatian journalist, producer, and television personality, whose career spanned five decades in both SFR Yugoslavia and later Croatia. She was one of the most popular television presenters in the 1980s. 
Throughout her career, she was also credited as Helga Vlahović Pea and Helga Vlahović Brnobić during the times she was married.
Early life.
Born in Zagreb to Hungarian father Kalman Vlahovics and Austrian mother Vera, Helga grew up speaking German with her mother while also learning English.
Career.
Vlahović started working at Zagreb Radio and Television (part of the Yugoslav Radio Television network) in 1964, while studying German, English, and art history at the University of Zagreb; with her newfound job, she left the studies and ended up not completing her degrees. By 1966, she became an anchorwoman of various entertainment and musical TV shows, putting her in charge of such popular programs as "TV Magazin" and musical television shows. 
In 1968, she was selected to run the Sopot International Song Festival in Poland, and in 1971 she ran the song festival in Scheveningen, Netherlands. She was then placed in charge of the morning talk show "Good Day, Yugoslavia" (which she hosted) in 1972, as well as the music variety show "Svjetla pozornice" ("Stage Lights") in 1977 and 1978. From 1978 to 1980, she organized the "Jadranski susreti" ("Adriatic Reunion", a Yugoslav version of "Jeux Sans Frontières").
In 1984 and 1988, Vlahović organized the programs "Beč pozdravlja Zagreb, Zagreb pozdravlja Beč" ("Vienna Salutes Zagreb, Zagreb Salutes Vienna") and "Dubrovnik-Stuttgart", which were musical and travelogue series broadcast between JRT, ORF, and ARD, respectively, geared at Yugoslav guest workers who wanted to "see home" but could not afford to make a trip there. Due to her extensive musical programming experience, as well as her proficiency in English, she was picked, along with Oliver Mlakar, to host the Eurovision Song Contest 1990 in Zagreb following Yugoslavia's win in 1989.
With the fall of Yugoslavia in 1991 and the onset of the Croatian War of Independence, Vlahović was quickly put in charge of informational television series relating to the war on the newly formed HRT channel for the independent nation of Croatia. She was head of "war information programming" until the end of war in 1995. In 1996, she started her own television series, "Govorimo o zdravlju" ("We Talk About Health"), which covered many health and wellness topics. After 42 years of working at JRT and HRT, Vlahović retired in 2006.
Personal life.
Vlahović has two daughters, Renee Pea (born 1975), from her ten-year marriage to Franc Pea, and Karla Brnobić (born 1982), from her marriage to neurosurgeon Miljenko Brnobić, who died in 1997. It was his influence which inspired her to start the program "Govorimo o zdravlju". 
In 2009 Vlahović was diagnosed with endometrial cancer. In early 2012 it was reported her condition has worsened and she was hospitalised. She died on February 27, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19389471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389471" title="Lyudmila Pinayeva">
Lyudmila Pinayeva

Lyudmila Pinayeva-Khvedosyuk (, born 14 January 1936) is a former Soviet sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, she won four medals with three golds (K-1 500 m: 1964, 1968; K-2 500 m: 1972) and one bronze (K-2 500 m: 1968).
Pinayeva also won ten medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with seven golds (K-1 500 m: 1966, 1970, 1971; K-4 500 m: 1963, 1966, 1971, 1973) and three silvers (K-1 500 m: 1963, K-2 500 m: 1963, 1973).

</doc>
<doc id="19389483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389483" title="All By Students (ABS) Notebooks">
All By Students (ABS) Notebooks

All By Students (ABS) Notebooks is a college marketing company that partners with universities across the United States to spearhead a free school supplies initiative for students.
Their flagship product, a free multi-subject notebook, is given to university students at the start of every semester. Full-page advertisements act as subject dividers that offer further discounts, thus subsidizing the notebooks for students. As of January 2009, the following brands have participated: 3M, AT&T, Blackberry, CDW, Dell, Dr. Pepper, STA Travel, Discover Card, Ford, GEICO, General Mills, ice.com, Idearc, Kraft, Monster, My Rich Uncle, P & G, Palm, RealNetworks, Saturn, Sears, STA Travel, NBA, Unilever, Vault.com, Volvo, Warner Bros, Western Union, Wrigley, and Yahoo. 
The notebooks are designed to reflect the brand of the school distributing by adopting their colors and logo. The first eight pages include college-specific information such as campus maps, important telephone numbers, and academic calendars.
Beginnings.
ABS was founded in 2006 by two students studying at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Their goal was to channel brand marketing dollars to products that benefit students and enhance the college learning experience. 
Notebook Distribution.
At the launch of the program in January 2007, 10,000 students received notebooks at Northwestern University. In fall 2008, ABS distributed notebooks at 65 campuses to 700,000 students. Campuses included Harvard, MIT, Penn State, University of Pennsylvania, Arizona State, California State University Long Beach, Clemson, North Carolina State University, and the University of Arkansas. In January 2009, over 1 million students received the notebooks on 100 campuses. [http://www.ypulse.com/ypulse-sponsored-post-brands-help-students-take-note/]
Press.
Business Press:
University Press:
allbystudents.com.
In August 2008, ABS launched a student-focused website [http://www.allbystudents.com]. The site - an “unofficial guide to campus life” - is a forum for students to communicate with their peers by sharing knowledge about trends, discounts, services, and events. The site gives students the ability to interact with both students from their own school and students nationwide. ABS launched a revamped version of the site on January 5, 2009.
defunct.
2009 seems to be their last year of operation.
Their Facebook account is idle
(most recent posting was November 12, 2010).
The web domains allbystudents.com and absnotebooks.com
both redirect to http://www.notetag.com/.

</doc>
<doc id="19389484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389484" title="Sagapool">
Sagapool

Sagapool is a world music band from Montreal, Quebec. Formed in 1999, the band used to be called Manouche until 2008.
The six band members are:
Biography.
History.
Sagapool was created in 1999 at the Conservatoire de musique du Québec à Montréal. The band plays often in the province of Quebec: it has played many times at the Montreal International Jazz Festival, and at the Festi Jazz International de Rimouski, at the Festival de la Chanson de Tadoussac, and in many different places across Quebec. The band also played Ontario, in France and in the U.S.A, for the Blissfest in Michigan.
Musical style.
The musical influences of the band go from klezmer, gypsy and manouche to ska, folk, latin and jazz. 
Although inspired by some traditional songs, the band’s music is all original material and leaves a lot of room for improvisation.
Discography.
The band recorded 4 albums: 

</doc>
<doc id="19389490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389490" title="Andrew Tinkler">
Andrew Tinkler

William Andrew Tinkler (known as Andrew Tinkler) is the Chief Executive Officer of the Stobart Group Limited. 
He lives in Cumbria with his wife Alison Schmutz and his two children, Laura Tinkler and Adam Tinkler.
He owns 9.37% of the Stobart Group as of May 2012 and also owns a 73% share of W A Developments Holdings Ltd, a company founded in 1988 as WA Tinkler Building Contractors and incorporated in 1993. His school friend, business partner and brother-in-law William Stobart owns the other 27% of W A Developments Holdings Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="19389495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389495" title="Fourth Affiliated Hospital of XMU">
Fourth Affiliated Hospital of XMU

The Fourth Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University, also known as the Hospital of Chinese Medicine of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region (Chinese: 新疆维吾尔自治区中医医院) is a teaching hospital in Urumqi, Xinjiang, China affiliated with Xinjiang Medical University. It has served Xinjiang Medical University students since 1959. It has 938 staff, among which there are 812 professionals and 48 technicians. The hospital has one branch and three out-patient departments at different places, including one rehabilitation center.

</doc>
<doc id="19389510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389510" title="North Atlantic weather war">
North Atlantic weather war

The North Atlantic weather war occurred during World War II. The allies (Britain in particular) and Germany vied for access to reliable weather data in the North Atlantic and Arctic Oceans and sought to deny the other weather information. Meteorological data was important as it affected military planning and the routing of ships and convoys. In some circumstances, visibility was necessary (photographic reconnaissance and bombing raids) and in others concealment (keeping ship movements secret or suppressing enemy air activity). D-day planning was greatly affected by weather forecasting; it was delayed by one day in the expectation that a storm would blow out and sea conditions would be acceptable. British sources of data included ships at sea and the weather station at Valentia Observatory and Blacksod Point, in neutral Ireland. German use of weather ships also exposed their secret Enigma codes.
Ocean weather vessels.
Starting in 1939, United States Coast Guard vessels were being used as weather ships to protect transatlantic air commerce. The Atlantic Weather Observation Service was authorized by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt on January 25, 1940. By February 1941, five 327-foot Coast Guard cutters were used in weather patrol, usually deployed for three weeks at a time, then sent back to port for ten days. As World War II continued, cutters were needed for the war effort and by August 1942, six cargo vessels were used. The ships were defenseless during the war, which led to the loss of the USCGC "Muskeget" (WAG-48) with 121 aboard on September 9, 1942. In 1943, the United States Weather Bureau recognized their observations as "indispensable" during the war effort.
The flying of fighter planes between North America, Greenland, and Iceland led to the deployment of two more weather ships in 1943 and 1944. Great Britain established one of their own off their west coast. By May 1945, 16 ships were in use north of the 15th parallel north in the Atlantic, with six more in the tropical Atlantic. A total of 20 United States Navy frigates were used across the Pacific for similar operations. Weather Bureau personnel stationed on weather ships were asked voluntarily to accept the assignment. In addition to surface weather observations, the weather ships would launch radiosondes and pilot balloons, or PIBALs, to determine weather conditions aloft. Due to its value, operations continued after World War II ended, which led to an international agreement in September 1946 that no fewer than 13 ocean weather stations would be maintained by the Coast Guard, with five others maintained by Great Britain and two by Brazil.
The Germans began to use weather ships by the summer of 1940. However, three of its four ships were sunk by November 23, which led to the use of fishing vessels for its weather ship fleet. Their weather ships were out to sea for three to five weeks at a time. Weather observations from the Germans were ciphered using their Enigma machines. 
The "Munchen" and "Lauenberg" were boarded by the Royal Navy, who managed to gather valuable information in each case. The "Wuppertal" became trapped in ice and was lost without trace of ship or crew.
Land stations.
There were German attempts to set up land based weather stations in contested locations such as Spitsbergen, and even on Allied-held shores, such as Weather Station Kurt in Labrador. The Germans were obliged, by their continental location, to rely largely on long-range aircraft and weather ships, which were vulnerable to attack, and clandestine teams in exposed locations. The Allies had a distinct advantage in the contest, holding all of the major land areas (Newfoundland, Greenland, Iceland) of the North Atlantic. As weather patterns at that latitude generally travel west to east, the Allies could follow the progress of a front as it traveled across the Atlantic. The Germans, with their small number of (impermanent) observation stations, had to rely on a certain amount of luck to detect a weather front before it reached Europe. 
In August 1941, in the preparation for Operation Gauntlet, the Royal Navy destroyed the weather station on Bear Island and, later, the one on Spitsbergen (after it had transmitted false information to discourage air observation). Spitsbergen was an important location, however, as it enabled the Germans to monitor weather conditions on the convoy route to northern Russia. The Germans made several attempts to establish and maintain weather reports from the Svalbard archipelago including Spitsbergen and Hopen (Hope Island) and these were never successfully suppressed. Other locations used were on Jan Mayen Island and eastern Greenland with teams and automated stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19389514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389514" title="A Lad an' a Lamp">
A Lad an' a Lamp

"A Lad an' a Lamp" is a 1932 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 119th (32nd talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
Fascinated by the story of Aladdin and his magic lamp, the gang gather together with several gasoline and kerosene lamps and lanterns and a few electric lamps hoping that by rubbing them vigorously, a genie will appear. Thanks to a series of coincidences—not least of which involves a friendly stage magician—the kids become convinced that they have succeeded in invoking Aladdin. But their excitement turns to dismay when Stymie believes Spanky has transformed his kid brother Cotton into a monkey.
Cast notes.
Bobby Hutchins returns to the fold after missing "Hook and Ladder", "Free Wheeling", and "Birthday Blues".
Critique.
Despite a sequence in which Spanky enjoys a free meal at a lunch counter, courtesy of a trained monkey, "A Lad an' a Lamp" suffers from an unusual dose of racist humor that seems inappropriate when viewed in the 21st century. For this reason, "A Lad an' a Lamp" has been withdrawn from the "Little Rascals" television package. It is currently available in its entirety on VHS and DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="19389559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389559" title="European Badminton Circuit">
European Badminton Circuit

In the season 2008/2009 the Badminton Europe Circuits consists of 26 tournaments.
This circuit of international tournaments is organized by Badminton Europe. At the end all these tournaments, a ranking will be drawn. The top players of this ranking will meet each other during the Badminton Europe Circuit Finals.

</doc>
<doc id="19389562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389562" title="Hipólito Peña">
Hipólito Peña

Hipólito Peña Concepción (born January 30, 1964) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of three seasons in Major League Baseball, from 1986 until 1988, for the Pittsburgh Pirates and New York Yankees. He was drafted by Milwaukee Brewers in 1981. He Began his professional career in Butte that same year. In 1982,He was Brought up to Pikeville. In 1983, He split time between Aguascalien and Beloit. After the season, he was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates, where he started with the Bradenton Pirates. In 1985, he split time between Miami and Prince William. In 1986, he started out in Nashua where he made his debut on September 1. In 1987,He sent back down to minors to play for Vancouver. Then after a good Start in Vancouver, he was brought up to the Pittsburgh Pirates again. On March 30, 1988,he was traded to the New York Yankees for Orestes Destrade.

</doc>
<doc id="19389564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389564" title="Eric Daniels">
Eric Daniels

John Eric Daniels (born August 14, 1951, Dillon, Montana) is an American banker and former chief executive officer of Lloyds Banking Group.
Early life.
He is the son of a German university professor and a Chinese mother, who met at the University of California, Berkeley. He went to High School in New Jersey. He studied a BA in History at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York graduating in 1973 then studied for a Master of Science in Management at the MIT Sloan School of Management in Cambridge, Massachusetts leaving in 1975.
Career.
He worked with Citibank from 1975, being in Panama for five years, then worked in Argentina and Chile. In the late 1980s he spent three years in London. He became chief operating officer of Citibank Consumer Bank in 1998. Citibank and Travelers merged in 1998 and he became chairman and chief executive officer of Travelers Life and Annuity. From 2000 he was chairman and chief executive officer of Zona Financiera, a small short-lived internet startup company, which failed in 2001. He joined Lloyds TSB in 2001 as head of retail banking. He became chief executive of Lloyds TSB in June 2003 and of Lloyds Banking Group in January 2009 after the merger with HBOS. He has built a reputation for being quietly spoken, thoughtful and not prone to superlatives - what many would describe as excellent, he would say was "pleasing". On 20 September 2010 it was announced that he would be retiring as Chief Executive of Lloyds in "a year's time".
Credit crisis.
He was questioned about the banking crisis during a session of the Treasury Select Committee of the House of Commons on February 12, 2009. One of the key issues concerned Lloyds takeover of HBOS in 2008, and the amount of due diligence carried out before the acquisition. He said that a company would always like to do more due diligence on another company, but there are limits on how much is possible prior to an actual acquisition. The resultant losses were significantly higher than the £10 billion expected, over 10 times that figure, owing to flawed credit policies, ineffective Governance, and irresponsible management. 
Criticisms have been voiced about his tax status. Sources said that Daniels had legitimately kept his non-dom status when he joined the board of Lloyds TSB in 2001. 
He did not receive an expected bonus of £2.3 million in 2010, following the announcement of a further £6.3 billion loss by Lloyds TSB under his leadership.
In February 2012, he was forced to surrender up to £700,000 of a £1.45m bonus, after the mis-selling of PPI credit insurance to customers.

</doc>
<doc id="19389589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389589" title="Fifth Affiliated Hospital of XMU">
Fifth Affiliated Hospital of XMU

The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University is a teaching hospital in Urumqi, Xinjiang, China affiliated with Xinjiang Medical University. It is built on the basis of the former Urumqi Central Railroad Hospital and has a total area of with a total floor space of .

</doc>
<doc id="19389605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389605" title="Lawe">
Lawe

The Lawe is a river of northern France, right tributary of the Lys. Its source is near Magnicourt-en-Comte. It flows generally northeast through Houdain, Bruay-la-Buissière, Béthune and Lestrem. It flows into the Lys in La Gorgue.

</doc>
<doc id="19389615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389615" title="Fish Hooky">
Fish Hooky

Fish Hooky is a 1933 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 120th (32nd talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
Wheezer, Dickie, Uh-huh, and Stymie choose to play hooky from school again to go fishing with Joe and Farina. Meanwhile, Miss Kornman is taking her students to the beach and amusement pier free of charge. Spanky and Cotton deliver sick notes forged for Dickie, Stymie, and Wheezer by Joe and Farina to Miss Kornman, stating why they were absent. Truant officer Mickey Daniels decides to teach the boys a lesson.
The truant officer then lectures the boys about what they can expect if sent to reform school (at Christmas, he claims that "everybody gets a brand new sledgehammer!"), and frightens them so much they insist on being taken to the beach to apologize to Miss Kornman. En route, Stymie spots the truant officer badge and the boys flee. The officer purposely makes the chase long but eventually catches all the boys. They beg Miss Kornman to stop Mr. Daniels from locking the boys in a reform school. She does after the boys promise to never play hooky again.
Note.
"Fish Hooky" marks cameo appearances of four former "Our Gang"ers, now teenagers. Allen Hoskins (Farina, aged 12) and Joe Cobb (aged 15) play the "older kids" who the Gang follows to the fishing hole. Mary Kornman (teacher) and Mickey Daniels (truant officer) portray adult roles, despite them both being the teenagers as well (Mickey 18, Mary 16).
This also marked the final appearance of recurring character Donald Haines.

</doc>
<doc id="19389623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389623" title="Women Painters of Washington">
Women Painters of Washington

The Women Painters of Washington is a non-profit organization based in the U.S. state of Washington. The group was formed on October 6, 1930 by six female artists who met while attending a portrait class sponsored by the Art Institute of Seattle, which was a predecessor to the Seattle Art Museum. The women joined together in order to overcome the limitations they faced as female artists and to stimulate their artistic growth through fellowship. Founding members were Elizabeth Warhanik, Dorothy Dolph Jensen, Lily Norling Hardwick, Myra Albert Wiggins, Anna B. Stone and Helen Bebb. 
Other notable members of the group include Yvonne Twining Humber and Doris Totten Chase.
The group continues to meet at the Seattle Art Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19389625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389625" title="Tuosist GAA">
Tuosist GAA

Tuosist GAA (Full name in Irish: "Cumann Lúthchleas Gael Tuath O'Siosta") is a Gaelic Athletic Association club from Tuosist in County Kerry, Ireland. 
It is the only Kerry club on the Beara Peninsula as all other clubs are in County Cork.
The club competes as a joint divisional side with other clubs from the Kenmare area like in the county championships and as an individual club in other competitions like the Kerry County League division 3 and the Kerry Novice Football Championship. They are the Current Finnegan Cup holders.
The club was founded in 1972. It provides opportunities for the youth of the parish of Tuosist to play Gaelic football in juvenile, minor and senior teams. The pitch and dressing rooms are in Laruagh on the road to Castletownbere. As for the parish, Saint Kilian is the patron saint of the club.
Finnegan Cup.
The 4 clubs in the Kenmare District play for the Finnegan Cup in the Kenmare district board championship.
The Kenmare District is the smallest such district in Kerry.
The 4 clubs are:
Kerry Junior Football Championship.
They've won the Con Brosnan Cup in 1975.
Kerry Novice Football Championship.
Tuosist have played in three Kerry Novice Football Championship finals and won their first in 2008.
The Kerry Novice Football Championship is fourth level Gaelic football. The trophy is known as the Quirke and Hickey Cup. The competition is the second lowest level of adult competition played in County Kerry. The winning team represents Kerry GAA in the Munster Junior B Football championship. The winners will also be promoted to play in the Kerry Junior Football Championship for the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="19389633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389633" title="Tarski–Seidenberg theorem">
Tarski–Seidenberg theorem

In mathematics, the Tarski–Seidenberg theorem states that a set in ("n" + 1)-dimensional space defined by polynomial equations and inequalities can be projected down onto "n"-dimensional space, and the resulting set is still definable in terms of polynomial identities and inequalities. The theorem — also known as the Tarski–Seidenberg projection property — is named after Alfred Tarski and Abraham Seidenberg. It implies that quantifier elimination is possible over the reals, that is that every formula constructed from polynomial equations and inequalities by logical connectors ∨ ("or"), ∧ ("and"), ¬ ("not") and quantifiers ∀ ("for all"), ∃ ("exists") is equivalent with a similar formula without quantifiers.
Statement.
A semialgebraic set in R"n" is a finite union of sets defined by a finite number of polynomial equations and inequalities, that is by a finite number of statements of the form
and
for polynomials "p" and "q". We define a projection map "π" : R"n"+1 → R"n" by sending a point ("x"1...,"x""n","x""n"+1) to ("x"1...,"x""n"). Then the Tarski–Seidenberg theorem states that if "X" is a semialgebraic set in R"n"+1 for some "n" > 1, then "π"("X") is a semialgebraic set in R"n".
Failure with algebraic sets.
If we only define sets using polynomial equations and not inequalities then we define algebraic sets rather than "semi"algebraic sets. For these sets the theorem fails. As a simple example consider the circle in R2 defined by the equation
This is a perfectly good algebraic set, but project it down by sending ("x","y") in R2 to "x" in R and we have the set of points satisfying -1 ≤ "x" ≤ 1. This is a semialgebraic set as we would expect from the theorem, but it is not an algebraic set.
Relation to structures.
This result confirmed that semialgebraic sets in R"n" form what is now known as an o-minimal structure on R. These are collections of subsets "S""n" of R"n" for each "n" ≥ 1 such that we can take finite unions and complements of the subsets in "S""n" and the result will still be in "S""n", moreover the elements of "S"1 are simply finite unions of intervals and points. The final condition for such a collection to be an o-minimal structure is that the projection map on the first "n" coordinates from R"n"+1 to R"n" must send subsets in "S""n"+1 to subsets in "S""n". The Tarski–Seidenberg theorem tells us this holds if "S""n" is the set of semialgebraic sets in R"n".

</doc>
<doc id="19389658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389658" title="HD 131473">
HD 131473

HD 131473 is a double or multiple star in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19389664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389664" title="Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956">
Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956

Luxembourg was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1956 where Michèle Arnaud sang two songs, "Ne Crois Pas" (Don't Believe) and "Les Amants De Minuit" (Midnight Lovers).
Télé Luxembourg, the Luxembourgish broadcaster, internally selected Arnaud to sing for them at the inaugural Eurovision Song Contest, held in Lugano, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19389677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389677" title="Robert Atwell">
Robert Atwell

Robert Ronald Atwell (born 3 August 1954) is the current Anglican Bishop of Stockport.
Atwell was born in 1954 in Ilford, Essex, and educated at the St John's College, Durham and Westcott House, Cambridge. He was ordained as a priest of the Church of England in 1979. His career began with a curacy at John Keble Church, Mill Hill, after which he was chaplain of Trinity College, Cambridge from 1981 to 1987. He then spent ten years as a Benedictine monk at Burford Priory in Oxfordshire, and finally (before his elevation to the Episcopate) was Vicar of St Mary’s, Primrose Hill.
Bishop Robert was consecrated at York Minster on 24 June 2008 and welcomed into the Diocese on 27 June 2008 at Chester Cathedral.
On 21 January 2014 it was announced that he would be translated to be Bishop of Exeter.

</doc>
<doc id="19389678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389678" title="Forgotten Babies">
Forgotten Babies

Forgotten Babies is a 1933 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 121st (33rd talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
The gang tries to escape their babysitting chores by coercing Spanky to mind their baby brothers and sisters while they go swimming. Unfortunately, the infants would prefer to run (or crawl) amok, forcing Spanky to take desperate measures.
Notes.
"Forgotten Babies" is a partial remake of "Cradle Robbers".

</doc>
<doc id="19389698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389698" title="Dave Katz">
Dave Katz

Dave Katz (Sluggo) is an American songwriter and record producer. He has written and/or produced hits for the likes of Train, Boys Like Girls, Gym Class Heroes, Good Charlotte, Mandy Moore, Neon Trees, Cobra Starship, 3OH!3, Coheed and Cambria, All Time Low, Metro Station, We The Kings, Uncle Kracker, Sugar Ray, Matisyahu, Blues Traveler, Tom Jones, Hot Chelle Rae, David Cook, Big Time Rush, Chiddy Bang, Kelly Rowland, Arrested Development, and Hollywood Undead, among others.
Early years.
Katz graduated from New Lincoln High School in Manhattan. His first records as a songwriter were for Roger Daltrey's "Rocks in the Head" album in the early 1990s. In 1999 Katz wrote "Candy" for Mandy Moore, which was a top 40 hit and went to #1 on MTV's TRL. 
Current.
Katz has written and/or produced 20 US Top 40 Pop Hits, and in 2008 was named the 2008 "Rolling Stone" Hot List Producer of the Year, alongside partner Sam Hollander.

</doc>
<doc id="19389719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389719" title="Amir Zaki">
Amir Zaki

Amir Zaki likely refers to a visual artist - http://amirzaki.com

</doc>
<doc id="19389723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389723" title="Ignacio Varchausky">
Ignacio Varchausky

Ignacio Varchausky (Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a double bass player, music producer and founder of Orquesta El Arranque (1996). He is also the creator and artistic director of Orquesta Escuela de Tango Emilio Balcarce.
Varchausky is the founder of TangoVia Buenos Aires, a non profit organization, which aims at preserving, spreading and developing tango culture throughout the world.
Orquesta El Arranque.
With this group Varchausky has recorded six albums and has performed as a double bass player in over 150 cities throughout the USA, Europe, Japan and China. His most significant shows include the cycle at the Lincoln Center in New York with Wynton Marsalis and the Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra, the concert at the Carré Theatre in Amsterdam, at Orchard Hall in Tokyo, at Grieg Hall in Bergen, Norway and at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C., and the series of concerts at the 2007 Hong Kong Arts Festival.
Orquesta Escuela de Tango Emilio Balcarce.
The documentary "Si sos brujo: A Tango Story", which sees Ignacio Varchausky as the lead character together with maestro Emilio Balcarce, records the birth of this orchestra-school for young tango musicians in Buenos Aires. Following Balcarce's retirement, the Orquesta Escuela is directed by maestro Néstor Marconi.
Music production.
Varchausky has produced over twenty albums with artists such as Leopoldo Federico, Gustavo Beytelmann, Julio Pane, Néstor Marconi, Bibi Ferreira, Lidia Borda and Vale Tango.

</doc>
<doc id="19389745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389745" title="Batu Pahat (town)">
Batu Pahat (town)

"Not to be confused with Batu Pahat, district area included Batu Pahat town and Yong Peng"
Batu Pahat town (Bandar Penggaram or BP;) is a town located on the northwest coast of the state of Johor, Malaysia within a district of the same name. It lies south-east of Muar, south-west of Kluang, north-west of Pontian and south of Segamat.
As of 2009, Batu Pahat is the 20th largest urban area in Malaysia in terms of population. In 2006, Batu Pahat surpassed Muar to become the second largest urban area in Johor and by 2012, Batu Pahat is the 16th largest urban area in Malaysia in terms of population.(Malaysia Population)
Batu Pahat has developed rapidly over the past few years, its growth encouraged by people from neighbouring townships who come to visit the local shopping centres. Nowadays, Batu Pahat enjoy the name of "Northern Johor Shopping Paradise" due to the rapid development of those shopping malls and hypermarkets.
History, etymology and legends.
The name Batu Pahat means "chiselled rock" in Malay. The origin of this name can be traced back to a legend in the 15th century; when the invading Siamese troops were chiselling rocks at a rocky spot in the coastal village of Kampung Minyak Beku, in hope of getting fresh water during their retreat. They were being chased by the Melaka troops, being led by Tun Perak, the famous Bendahara (Prime Minister) of the Malacca Empire. In fact, in around 1456, the Siamese army was led by Admiral Awi Di Chu camped in Batu Pahat before attacking Malacca.
There is also another story detailing the origin of Batu Pahat's name. After capturing Melaka, the Portuguese built the "A Famosa" fortress of granite rocks taken from the mouth of Sungei Batu Pahat. The town acquired its name, which means "chiselled stone" from the quarries near the estuary. Renowned for its salted fish in the past, Batu Pahat was formerly known as Bandar Penggaram, which means town of salt-makers. In 1893, the present township was founded by Dato Bentara Luar, Mohamed Salleh bin Perang, acting on the orders of the Sultan of Johor, Sultan Abu Bakar.
Today, the ancient well can still be found in Minyak Beku, though little was done to maintain this ancient landmark which gives its name to the town. For the town's centennial celebration in the early 1990s, a quaint monument depicting a 'floating hand chiselling a rock' was set up in the town square. It became the landmark of the town instantaneously. Currently, the newly refurbished town square is popular with locals to chill out on weekend nights and also provides a venue for many public festive celebrations.
Batu Pahat is also the home of Puteri Gunung Banang which is a family member of the traditional fable Puteri Gunung Ledang The first Malay dragon dance (Chinese culture) troop in Malaya was formed by Dato' Bentara Luar Mohd. Salleh Perang in Batu Pahat, only to have its final public performance in 1955, when cultural exchange gave way to racial politics. [6
Recent history.
The place of the Parit Sulong Massacre (The Bridge of Pekan Parit Sulong) was situated in this district. It is located in Mukim Simpang Kiri at Pekan Parit Sulong. The original bridge has now been demolished and it was replaced by a new bridge; the plaque of the massacre exists until today.
There used to be a Batu Pahat Bank. However, in 1963 Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation created Pacific Bank to acquire 97% of Batu Pahat Bank. Singaporean businessmen incorporated the OCBC bank in 1919 to serve the needs of the local Chinese community, which comprise the majority of the town's population. At the time Batu Pahat in Johore was a center for the production of rubber. OCBC bought the bank in anticipation of the union between Malaya and Singapore . Until the 1980s, both OCBC and Pacific banks were still located face to face at the junction of Jalan Soga and Jalan Rahmat. On 1 January 2001, Pacific Bank Berhad merged with MayBank and PhileoAllied Bank, after a Malaysian Government directive.
On 16 October 1980, Batu Pahat police killed eight members of a sword-wielding mob led by a Cambodian refugee-cum-cult leader, Ahmad Nasir Ismail, who claimed to be Imam Mahadi, a sort of messiah. They had stormed the police headquarters in Batu Pahat, injuring 14 policemen and 9 civilians. The self-styled Mahadi was among those killed.
Batu Pahat celebrated its 100th year of foundation in 1994. The delayed celebration was held in the city area with street cultural performances at night and ended with a fireworks display near the Dataran (city square).
Geography.
Batu Pahat is situated at 1°51′N, 102°56′E in the state of Johor in southern Peninsular Malaysia. It is located 239 km to the south of Kuala Lumpur. The closest town to Batu Pahat is Muar, which is located 50 km to the northwest of this town. The town of Kluang is located about 52 km to the southeast. Johor Bahru, the capital of Johor, is located about 130 km to the south east of the town. 95 km to the north west is the Malaysian historical city, Melaka.
The district itself borders the district of Segamat to the north, Kluang to the east, Muar to the west and shares a border in the southeast with the district of Pontian. The coast of the Straits of Melaka lies to the south.
Climate.
The outskirts of Batu Pahat were severely affected by Typhoon Utor-associated floods not only once, but twice in a span of a month from December 2006 to January 2007 (2006-2007 Malaysian floods). Affected areas include Senggarang, Sr Gading, Parit Yaani, Sri Medan, Yong Peng, Parit Ahmad and Parit Besar.
Administration.
Batu Pahat is administered by Majlis Perbandaran Batu Pahat (MPBP) or the Batu Pahat Municipal Council which was upgraded from the previous Majlis Daerah Batu Pahat Barat (MDBPB) or the West Batu Pahat District Council.
Batu Pahat district has 525 gazetted villages (kampung-kampung) and village-clusters (kampung rangkaian) where smaller villages were annexed to their bigger immediate neighbours for the purpose of administration. The villages are represented by their village heads (ketua-ketua kampung) who answer to the subdistrict chief (Penghulu) administering the Mukim. The Mukim itself however is under the jurisdiction of the Pegawai Daerah or District Officer. The district office of Batu Pahat also has five district engineers (Jurutera Daerah) to oversee all the subdistricts.
Growth in small and medium industries such as textiles, garments and electronics helped to boost development, and Batu Pahat was upgraded to town status (Majlis Perbandaran) in 2001, alongside Muar, Kluang and Skudai.
As of 2008, the government does not have any plans to upgrade Batu Pahat to city status (Majlis Bandaraya) yet, although the development of Batu Pahat has surpassed Alor Star and Kuala Terengganu, which have both already achieved city status.
Demographics.
Population.
The city of Batu Pahat has a population of more than 300,000. There are more than 100,000 households with 468,058 population in this district. The most populated mukim is Simpang Kanan with more than 250,000 people and the least populated is Bagan with a population of only 4,692.
Overall district-wide population distribution based on gender are almost equal with a male population of 169,087 and female population of 166,281.
Batu Pahat city is made up of 37.08% Bumiputeras (mainly Malays), 60.29% Chinese, and 2.54% Indians and other less numerous races.
Languages.
The Chinese community in Batu Pahat are mainly descendants of people from southern Fujian (Quanzhou, Xiamen and Zhangzhou) and the Chaozhou region of Guangdong province. Therefore, Hokkian or minnan and Teochew are vernacular in this region, then followed by Hakka dialects and significant minority Cantonese and Hainanese dialect.
Batu Pahat Chinese people usually converse in Mandarin due to the close proximity to Singapore and its media reception in the area.
The Chinese dialect spoken by most of the citizens of Batu Pahat is Southern Malaysia Hokkien, which is distinct from Penang Hokkien.
Religion.
In Batu Pahat, there are a lot of religion worships and the major are Islam, Buddhism, Christianity, Taoism, Hinduism and Confucianism.
There are over 400 temples in Batu Pahat district and temples are one of the tourists attractive place for tourists from other state of Malaysia (especially tourists from Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Selangor and Kuala Lumpur) and even Singapore during weekends. Temples located in Segenting, Pantai Minyak Beku, Senggarang and Bukit Pasir are the hotspot places to visit by tourists.
There is a strong belief that good luck is bestowed on the prayers and they do come back very often. Some of these temples are beautifully renovated and thus have also become a tourist attraction. Every weekends, there will a lot of traveling buses from many places especially Singapore, to visit the temples in Batu Pahat.
Economy.
Batu Pahat is Johor's second largest manufacturing industrial town; encompassing textiles, electronics, food-processing, timber, porcelain and plastic industry. It produces 50% of the textile exported from Malaysia and there are about 300 garment and textile factories.
There are several industrial zones including Tongkang Pecah, Parit Raja and Sri Gading. Private industrial zones include Sri Sulong, Lian Aik and Buditama, ranging from to . Foreign investments include Sharp Roxy, Sony, Fujitsu, Hitachi and Mitsumi. There over 20 public listed companies, including Harta Packaging, PCCS, Baneng Holdings, S&P, Sharp Roxy, Ramatex, Southex, Prolexus, Fujitsu, Hitachi, Yong Tai, Hwa Tai, AE, Kia Lim, Kayu Wangi, Hup Seng, Xiang Leng, Magnum, SKP, SPI Plastics, BP Plastics, Cheng Yap Sdn. Bhd. and Fast Track Solutions Bhd.
Agriculture is another important source of income for the locals. Batu Pahat has some of the largest rubber, oil palm, coconut and cocoa plantations in Johor. Fruit produce such as watermelons, papayas, bananas, pineapples, durians and 20 varieties of vegetables are exported. There are also several fishing villages near the Strait of Malacca, providing rich sources of fisheries. Ornamental fish such as the arowana are major exports for some companies such as Xiang Leng.
Education.
Educational institutions in Batu Pahat encompass primary to tertiary education.
Primary schools.
There are 101 national primary schools whose medium of instruction is Malay language and 38 Chinese primary schools.
Most well known is Montfort Primary School which caters to boys and Convent Girls' School which caters to girls.
Secondary schools.
The most prominent secondary schools are High School Batu Pahat (高级中学), Temenggong Ibrahim Girls School, Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Dato' Bentara Luar, Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaaan Dato Syed Esa (中学路国中) which formerly known as Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Jalan Kolam Air.
In addition, there is a Chinese independent high school located in the town named 华仁中学 Chinese High School (Batu Pahat).
Tertiary education.
For tertiary education, there are:
Hospital/medical centres.
There are government owned and private owned hospital and medicare centres:
Tourism.
Local attractions.
Batu Pahat is famous for its local delicacies and textile industry. Once regarded as the "Little Paris" of Malaysia, Batu Pahat was famed for its "red-light town" reputation in the 1960s and the 1970s. However, the efforts of the state government in cleaning up the town in the 1980s succeeded and now there are only one or two bars of such kind left in town now, like Tiong Ah Bar, the oldest bar in town.
Notable local attraction include:
Food.
Chinese food restaurants are also found in Jalan Pengkai (贪吃街) and Jalan Shahbandar (海墘街). Popular delicacies in Batu Pahat are fried oysters (蚝煎), fish ball noodles (鱼圆面), Bak chor mee(肉碎面), wonton noodles (云吞面), Chinese and Malay style of apam balik (面煎糕), ngo hiang (五香), Hakka mee （客家面） and pork satay (猪肉沙爹).
Batu Pahat is the paradise for Malay food as well. Such as: Nasi Beriani Gam (a special version of the dish is famous and favourite in the southern Malaysian state of Johor, especially in Muar and Batu Pahat), Asam Pedas, Mee Bandung, Mee Rebus, Mee Racun and Roti Canai.
Besides, there are quite a number of mamak stall in Batu Pahat. One of the famous mamak is Restoran Mariam located in Jalan Rahmat and Taman Bukit Pasir.
Some famous hawker centers available in town:
Hotels.
There are several hotels in Batu Pahat, namely Hotel Katerina, B & S Hotel , Pelican Hotel, Crystal Inn, Garden Hotel & Harmoni Inn (Budget).
Transport.
Public transport.
Batu Pahat is served by local and intercity land transport, both locally and intercity. There are:
Road.
Batu Pahat town links with some major trunk roads to outlying suburbs or the other towns.
Nature and wildlife.
Batu Pahat is a sanctuary for the endangered Lesser Adjutant Stork ("Leptoptilos javanicus"). Known locally as burung botak or bald bird, this migratory bird belongs to the ciconidae family. The current population in Peninsular Malaysia is estimated to be less than 250. These giant birds, which can be as tall as a man, have attracted many curious residents and nature lovers to Taman Parit Labis in the evenings for bird-watching sessions. The housing estate, which is sandwiched between a rapidly developing town and the fringe of a secondary forest, has now become the best viewing spot for the bird.
Politics.
Current Election Results.
Due to electoral division by Election Commission of Malaysia, there are 3 different parliament seats and state seats (DUN) dividing Batu Pahat town. There are (P147) Parit Sulong parliamentary seat, (N17) Semerah state seat; (P149) Parliament Sri Gading parliamentary seat, (N21) Parit Yanni state seat and (P150) Batu Pahat parliamentary seat, (N23) Penggaram state seat. (Election Results of the 13th Malaysian General Elections) 
Last election results listed as below:
(P150)-Batu Pahat parliament seat 
(N23)-Penggaram state seat "most of the area of Batu Pahat town"
(P149)-Sri Gading parliamentary seat
(N21)-Parit Yanni state seat "of the division in Batu Pahat town eg: Taman Maju, Taman Flora Utama, Parit Besar, BP Mall"
(P147)-Parit Sulong parliamentary seat
(N17)-Semerah state seat "of the division in Batu Pahat town eg: Taman Pantai, Jalan Syahbandar, Jalan Rugayah"
Related Non-Government Organisation.
Suara Anak Malaysia Batu Pahat is a neutral political party alignment community driven NGO which formed locally in Batu Pahat 2 days after 13th Malaysian General Election. SAM BP aim to create political awareness and people rights (Rakyat The Boss) among Batu Pahat folks. [SAM Batu Pahat Official Facebook Page]

</doc>
<doc id="19389746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389746" title="Wilhelm Cauer">
Wilhelm Cauer

Wilhelm Cauer (June 24, 1900 – April 22, 1945) was a German mathematician and scientist. He is most noted for his work on the analysis and synthesis of electrical filters and his work marked the beginning of the field of network synthesis. Prior to his work, electronic filter design used techniques which accurately predicted filter behaviour only under unrealistic conditions. This required a certain amount of experience on the part of the designer to choose suitable sections to include in the design. Cauer placed the field on a firm mathematical footing, providing tools that could produce exact solutions to a given specification for the design of an electronic filter.
Cauer initially specialised in general relativity but soon switched to electrical engineering. His work for a German subsidiary of the Bell Telephone Company brought him into contact with leading American engineers in the field of filters. This proved useful when Cauer was unable to feed his children during the German economic crisis of the 1920s and he moved to the US. He studied early computer techniques in the US prior to returning to Germany. The rise of Nazism in Germany stifled Cauer's career because he had a remote Jewish ancestor. Cauer was shot dead during the fall of Berlin by Soviet soldiers.
The manuscripts for some of Cauer's most important unpublished works were destroyed during the war. However, his family succeeded in reconstructing much of this from his notes and volume II of "Theorie der linearen Wechselstromschaltungen" was published after his death. Cauer's legacy continues today, with network synthesis being the method of choice for network design.
Life and career.
Early life and family.
Wilhelm Adolf Eduard Cauer was born in Berlin, Germany, on June 24, 1900. He came from a long line of academics. His early grammar school (gymnasium) was the Kaiserin Augusta Gymnasium, an institution founded by his great-grandfather, Ludwig Cauer. This school was located on Cauerstrasse, named after Ludwig, in the Charlottenburg district of Berlin. The building still exists, but is now a primary school, the Ludwig Cauer Grundschule. He later attended the Mommsen Gymnasium, Berlin. His father, also Wilhelm Cauer, was a Privy Councillor and a professor of railway engineering at the Technical University of Berlin. Cauer became interested in mathematics at the age of thirteen and continued to demonstrate that he was academically inclined as he grew.
Briefly, Cauer served in the German army in the final stages of World War I. He married Karoline Cauer (a relation) in 1925 and eventually fathered six children.
Career.
Cauer started off in a field completely unrelated to filters; from 1922 he worked with Max von Laue on general relativity, and his first publication (1923) was in this field. For reasons that are not clear, he changed his field after this to electrical engineering. He graduated in applied physics in 1924 from the Technical University of Berlin.
He then spent a period working for Mix & Genest, a branch of the Bell Telephone Company, applying probability theory to telephone switching. He also worked on timer relays. He had two telecommunications-related publications during this period on "Telephone switching systems" and "Losses of real inductors".
The relationship of Mix & Genest with Bell gave Cauer an easy path to collaboration with AT&T's engineers at Bell Labs in the US which must have been of enormous help when Cauer embarked on a study of filter design. Bell were at the forefront of filter design at this time with the likes of George Campbell in Boston and Otto Zobel in New York making major contributions. However, it was with R. M. Foster that Cauer had much correspondence and it was his work that Cauer recognised as being of such importance. His paper, "A reactance theorem", is a milestone in filter theory and inspired Cauer to generalise this approach into what has now become the field of network synthesis.
In June 1926 Cauer presented his thesis paper, "The realisation of impedances of specified frequency dependence", at the Institute of Applied Mathematics and Mechanics of the Technical University of Berlin. This paper is the beginning of modern network synthesis.
In 1927 Cauer went to work as a research assistant at Richard Courant's Institute of Mathematics at the University of Göttingen. In 1928 he obtained his habilitation and became an external university lecturer.
Cauer found that he could not support his family during the economic crisis of the 1920s and in 1930 took his family to the USA where he had obtained a scholarship (a Rockefeller fellowship) to study at MIT and Harvard University. He worked with Vannevar Bush who was building machines for the solution of mathematical problems. Essentially, these were what we would now call analogue computers: Cauer was interested in using them to solve linear systems to aid in filter designs. His work on "Filter circuits" was completed in 1931 while still in the US.
Cauer met, and had strong contacts with, many of the key researchers in the field of filter design at Bell Labs. These included Hendrik Bode, George Campbell, Sidney Darlington, Foster and Otto Zobel.
For a short while, Cauer worked for the Wired Radio Company in Newark, New Jersey but then returned to Göttingen with the intention of building a fast analogue computer there. However, he was unable to obtain funding due to the depression.
Cauer seems to have got on very poorly with his German colleagues. According to Rainer Pauli, his correspondence with them was usually brief and business-like, rarely, if ever, discussing issues in depth. By contrast, his correspondence with his American and European acquaintances was warm, technically deep and often included personal family news and greetings. This correspondence went beyond his American contacts and included A.C. Bartlett of the General Electric Company in Wembley, Roger Julia of Lignes Télégraphiques et Téléphoniques in Paris, mathematicians Gustav Herglotz, Georg Pick and Hungarian graph theorist Dénes Kőnig.
After leaving the Technical Institute for Mix & Genest, Cauer sought to become active in the Verband Deutscher Elektrotechniker (VDE, the German Electrical Engineers Society). He left the VDE, however, in 1942 after a serious falling out with Wagner, previously his PhD supervisor and ally.
Nazi era.
The rising force of Nazism became a major obstacle to Cauer's work from 1933 onwards. The anti-Jewish hysteria of the time forced many academics to leave their posts, including the director of the Mathematics Institute, Richard Courant. Although Cauer was not Jewish, it became known that he had a Jewish ancestor, Daniel Itzig, who had been a banker to Frederick II of Prussia. While this revelation was not sufficient to have Cauer removed under the race laws, it stifled his future career. Thus he gained the title of professor but was never given a chair.
By 1935 Cauer had three children whom he was finding increasingly difficult to support, which prompted him to return to industry. In 1936 he temporarily worked for the aircraft manufacturer Fieseler at their Fi 156 "Storch" works in Kassel and then became director of the laboratory of Mix & Genest in Berlin. Nevertheless, he did continue to lecture at the Technical University in Berlin from 1939.
In 1941, the first volume of his main work, "Theory of Linear AC Circuits" was published. The original manuscript to the second volume was destroyed as a result of the war. Although Cauer was able to reproduce this work, he was not able to publish it and it too was lost during the war. Some time after his death, however, his family arranged for the publication of some of his papers as the second volume, based on surviving descriptions of the intended contents of volume II.
After taking his children to stay with relatives in Witzenhausen (in Hesse) to protect them from the expected fall of Berlin to the Russians, Cauer, against advice, returned to Berlin. His body was located after the end of the war in a mass grave of victims of Russian executions. Cauer had been shot dead in his garden in Berlin-Marienfelde by Soviet soldiers as a hostage. Soviet Intelligence was actively looking for scientists they could use in their own researches and Cauer was on their list of people to find but it would seem that this was unknown to his executioners.
Network synthesis.
The major part of Cauer's legacy is his contribution to the network synthesis of passive networks. Indeed, he is considered the founder of the field and the publication of his principle work in English was enthusiastically greeted, even though this did not happen until seventeen years later (in 1958). Prior to network synthesis, networks, especially filters, were designed using the image impedance method. The accuracy of predictions of response from such designs depended on accurate impedance matching between sections. This could be achieved with sections entirely internal to the filter but it was not possible to perfectly match to the end terminations. For this reason image filter designers incorporated end sections in their designs of a different form optimised for an improved match rather than filtering response. The choice of form of such sections was more a matter of designer experience than design calculation. Network synthesis entirely did away with the need for this. It directly predicted the response of the filter and included the terminations in the synthesis.
Cauer treated network synthesis as being the inverse problem of network analysis. Whereas network analysis asks what is the response of a given network, network synthesis on the other hand asks what are the networks that can produce a given desired response. Cauer solved this problem by comparing electrical quantities and functions to their mechanical equivalents. Then, realising that they were completely analogous, applying the known Lagrangian mechanics to the problem.
According to Cauer, there are three major tasks that network synthesis has to address. The first is the ability to determine whether a given transfer function is realisable as an impedance network. The second is to find the canonical (minimal) forms of these functions and the relationships (transforms) between different forms representing the same transfer function. Finally, it is not, in general, possible to find an exact finite-element solution to an ideal transfer function - such as zero attenuation at all frequencies below a given cutoff frequency and infinite attenuation above. The third task is therefore to find approximation techniques for achieving the desired responses.
Initially, the work revolved around one-port impedances. The transfer function between a voltage and a current amounting to the expression for the impedance itself. A useful network can be produced by breaking open a branch of the network and calling that the output.
Approximation.
Cauer's work was initially ignored because his canonical forms made use of ideal transformers. This made his circuits of less practical use to engineers. However, it was soon realised that Cauer's Tchebyscheff approximation could just as easily be applied to the rather more useful ladder topology and ideal transformers could be dispensed with. From then on network synthesis began to supplant image design as the method of choice.
Further work.
Most of the above work is contained in Cauer's first and second monographs and is largely a treatment of one-ports. In his habilitation thesis Cauer begins to extend this work by showing that a global canonical form cannot be found in the general case for three-element kind multiports (that is, networks containing all three R, L and C elements) for the generation of realisation solutions, as it can be for the two-element kind case.
Cauer extended the work of Bartlett and Brune on geometrically symmetric 2-ports to all symmetric 2-ports, that is 2-ports which are electrically symmetrical but not necessarily topologically symmetrical, finding a number of canonical circuits. He also studied antimetric 2-ports. He also extended Foster's theorem to 2-element LC n-ports (1931) and showed that all equivalent LC networks could be derived from each other by linear transformations.

</doc>
<doc id="19389747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389747" title="Qoşadizə, Ordubad">
Qoşadizə, Ordubad

Qoşadizə (also, Qoşa Dizə, Koshadiza, and Kasha-diza ) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 467. 

</doc>
<doc id="19389749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389749" title="Decker Press">
Decker Press

The Press of James A. Decker was a poetry publishing house once located in the tiny hamlet of Prairie City, Illinois. The Decker Press received national attention in the 1940s, when it published work by famous authors like Edgar Lee Masters, August Derleth, Hubert Creekmore, William Everson (Brother Antoninus), David Ignatow, Kenneth Patchen, Kenneth Rexroth and Louis Zukofsky.
The Archives and Special Collections Unit at Western Illinois University Libraries is the single-largest holder of materials from the Press of James A. Decker. Archives staff has compiled a complete bibliography of Decker Press books with a listing of which books are currently held there. Other materials include unpublished typescripts about the Decker Press and James Decker, correspondence, newspaper clippings, and historical articles.

</doc>
<doc id="19389755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389755" title="Asylum Seekers (film)">
Asylum Seekers (film)

Asylum Seekers is an American film written and directed by Rania Ajami. The film stars Pepper Binkley and Daniel Irizarry as two of the six social outcast protagonists who attempt to get themselves committed to an insane asylum in order to spice up their lives. Bill Dawes, Judith Hawking, Stella Maeve, Camille O'Sullivan and Lee Wilkof also star.
In its spring 2008 issue, the independent film magazine "Filmmaker" reported that "Asylum Seekers" was one of the first independent feature films to be completed on the Red Digital Cinema Camera Company's Red One camera. The film premiered at the 2009 European Film Market (Berlin International Film Festival) and made its North American debut at the 2009 CineVegas International Film Festival. The rights to global distribution sales for "Asylum Seekers" were obtained by Shoreline Entertainment and the film was released in North America on DVD/VOD by Breaking Glass Pictures under their Vicious Circle Films label. 
Plot.
Six introverted individuals, bored with their lives and trying to escape their daily routine, attempt to find a radical solution to their boredom by getting themselves admitted into a psychiatric hospital. Among these individuals are: Maud (Pepper Binkley), a bored trophy wife who feels trapped in a loveless marriage; Antoine (Daniel Irizarry), a sex-obsessed virgin; Alice (Stella Maeve), a woman whose only enjoyment comes from computers; Miranda (Camille O'Sullivan), a paranoid exhibitionist whose inhibitions make her dislike being the center of attention; Paul (Lee Wilkof), a fanatical right-wing conspiracy theorist; and Alan (Bill Dawes), an androgynous rapper.
Upon arriving to the asylum, the six individuals are informed that there is only room for one person in the hospital. Nurse Milly (Judith Hawking) informs the individuals that they will now have to compete for the only remaining spot in the asylum. The nurse proceeds to administer tests and contests and whomever she deems to be the craziest and most insane will be declared the winner and will be committed into the institution. The competition and everything in the institution is always watched over and supervised by an unseen character known only as "The Beard".
Production.
In an interview with indieWire, director Rania Ajami stated that the idea for the film came from a recurring dream that her brother had about a "giant beard" that was trying to devour him. From the premise of her brother's dreams, Ajami created a play titled "The Giant Swearing Beard" that told the story of six people trying to break into an asylum. About six years later, Ajami was inspired by discussions about political asylum seekers and decided that a film based on the premise of her play would be a suitable metaphor for the real-world political issues.
With an estimated budget of US $1.5 million, the creators of the film made adjustments to stay within the modest budget while also attempting to stay true to the "visual scope of the film " and the perceived "fantasy world".
"Asylum Seekers" was filmed entirely on Red Digital Cinema Camera Company's Red One camera, a digital video camera capable of recording video in 12-megapixel resolution directly to flash memory or a hard disk drive. As of August 2008, the Red One was being used to film at least 40 feature films but "Asylum Seekers" is one of the first independent film features to use the camera. The production team of the film opted for the Red One because if offered significant financial savings over a 35 mm film film camera while not compromising image quality.
Rania Ajami said that the casting process took over a year because she found that the biggest challenge in the production process "was to find good people to work with". The production was then halted for another month before the filming could begin because Ajami had contracted Infectious Mononucleosis — usually referred to as mono — and had to spend a month in bed.
Release, promotion and distribution.
"Asylum Seekers" had its world premiere at the European Film Market on the first day of the 59th Berlin International Film Festival, which was held from February 5 until February 15, 2009 in Berlin, Germany. The film was then screened on June 13 and June 14 at the 2009 CineVegas International Film Festival in Las Vegas, Nevada. During CineVegas, the film's public relations representative arranged for a wedding to take place on the red carpet immediately before the film's initial showing at the Palms Casino Resort. The film's director Rania Ajami explained the reasoning behind the stunt claiming that the "two institutions, the institution of marriage and the mental institution in which the majority of film is set, were sufficient bonding agents". Further, the Red Carpet wedding was a Las Vegas-centric experience, "couples come to Las Vegas to marry, see shows, Elvis impersonators," Ms. Ajami explained. "We stayed true to the locale of the festival, and created a crazy all Vegas show for a Vegas festival." The bride and groom we're from Houston, Texas and were selected because they were young, and self-proclaimed "fun" people, which matched the demographic of the film. The infamous Little White Wedding Chapel in Las Vegas helped select the suitable couple.
The film's global distribution sales rights were acquired by Shoreline Entertainment. The deal, which was announced in August 2008, was negotiated between Shoreline's acquisitions and worldwide distribution departments and "Asylum Seekers" producer, Molly Connors, and executive producer, Christopher Woodrow.
Reception.
Charles Tatum of eFilmCritic.com awarded "Asylum Seekers" three stars calling the film's initial set-up as "promising" and declaring that "the possibilities are endless" after watching the opening part of the film. However, Tatum criticized the film for being too "bizarre" and "exhausting", stating that his opinion that "the surrealism should have been toned down" and concluded by calling the film "even more insane than its characters". He also added that, although the film lacked "strong characterization", the cast deserved praise for a "great job playing characters that are way way out there". Tatum did commend the director for her use of widescreen, "creepy imagery" and compared her work to works of Terry Gilliam and Jean-Pierre Jeunet.
Film critic T.R. Witcher of the "Las Vegas Weekly" awarded the film two stars. Witcher also applauded the opening sequences of "Asylum Seekers" for "brimming with ideas" and that it "begins with a promising premise". Ultimately, Withcher criticized the film by concluding that it lacks "storytelling discipline" and that it contains "even less human emotion". Agreeing with Tatum that "Asylum Seekers" is "surreal", he felt that its "fairly limp" comedy undercuts the suspensful psychological atmosphere created by the film's surrealism.

</doc>
<doc id="19389805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389805" title="Qoşadizə, Babek">
Qoşadizə, Babek

Qoşadizə (also, Qoşa Dizə and Koshadiza) is a village and municipality in the Babek District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,283. 

</doc>
<doc id="19389818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389818" title="Madeleine's Ghost">
Madeleine's Ghost

"Madeleine's Ghost" is a well-regarded first mystery novel by Robert Girardi. 
Publishing history.
An editor for Delacorte Press found the manuscript for "Madeleine's Ghost" on a friend's coffee table and fell in love with the story.
Criticism.
Kirkus Reviews, June 15, 1995: Corrupted Creole civility complicates the life of a Brooklyn bohemian -- in a spirited debut deftly mingling past, present, and the vastly different worldviews of New Orleans and New York.
New York Times Book Review, 08/06/1995: Quibbles: If you were almost fatally poisoned by oysters you shared with the person you loved most in the world, wouldn't you call that person and say, "How are you?" Ghosts and miracles I can accept. But do women in New York pick up strangers in bars for one-night stands, then leave them alone in the apartment with a note to let themselves out? I've never been sure what a beach book is, but there's a good chance 'Madeleine's Ghost' is one. It is so freshly observed that the sound of surf won't distract you. When you laugh out loud, nobody will complain. When the covers are closed, what's irritating about it disappears faster than sand between your toes. -- Patricia Volk
Los Angeles Times Book Review, 08/06/1995: 'Madeleine's Ghost', Robert Girardi's debut novel, is...immensely engaging, lavish in its descriptive details, with a good, engrossing story to tell...it is in many ways a remarkable achievement...Immensely engaging, lavish in its descriptive details, with a good, engrossing story to tell. -- Joanna Scott
San Francisco Chronicle Book Review, 07/30/1995: Furniture flies and ghosts walk, but these appartitions aren't the scariest part of 'Madeleine's Ghost', Robert Girardi's atmospheric, sweet-natured first novel about the miraculous power of love...this satisfying novel is filled with a rich cast of supporting characters... -- Alix Madrigal

</doc>
<doc id="19389825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389825" title="Qoşadizə">
Qoşadizə

Qoşadizə or Qoşa Dizə or Koshadiza or Kasha-diza may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19389837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389837" title="Relativistic quantum mechanics">
Relativistic quantum mechanics

In physics, relativistic quantum mechanics (RQM) is quantum mechanics (QM) applied with special relativity (SR). This theory is applicable to massive particles propagating at all velocities up to those comparable to the speed of light "c", and can accommodate massless particles. The theory has application in high energy physics, particle physics and accelerator physics, as well as atomic physics, chemistry and condensed matter physics. "Non-relativistic quantum mechanics" refers to the mathematical formulation of quantum mechanics applied in the context of Galilean relativity, more specifically quantizing the equations of classical mechanics by replacing dynamical variables by operators. "Relativistic quantum mechanics" (RQM) is quantum mechanics applied with special relativity, but not general relativity. An attempt to incorporate general relativity into quantum theory is the subject of quantum gravity, an unsolved problem in physics. Although the earlier formulations, like the Schrödinger picture and Heisenberg picture were originally formulated in a non-relativistic background, these pictures of quantum mechanics also apply with special relativity.
The relativistic formulation is more successful than the original quantum mechanics in some contexts, in particular: the prediction of antimatter, electron spin, spin magnetic moments of elementary spin-1/2 fermions, fine structure, and quantum dynamics of charged particles in electromagnetic fields. The key result is the Dirac equation, from which these predictions emerge automatically. By contrast, in quantum mechanics, terms have to be introduced artificially into the Hamiltonian operator to achieve agreement with experimental observations.
Nevertheless, RQM is only an approximation to a fully self-consistent relativistic theory of known particle interactions because it does not describe cases where the number of particles changes; for example in matter creation and annihilation. By yet another theoretical advance, a more accurate theory that allows for these occurrences and other predictions is "relativistic quantum field theory" in which particles are interpreted as "field quanta" (see article for details).
In this article, the equations are written in familiar 3d vector calculus notation and use hats for operators (not necessarily in the literature), and where space and time components can be collected, tensor index notation is shown also (frequently used in the literature), in addition the Einstein summation convention is used. SI units are used here; Gaussian units and natural units are common alternatives. All equations are in the position representation; for the momentum representation the equations have to be Fourier transformed – see position and momentum space.
Combining special relativity and quantum mechanics.
One approach is to modify the Schrödinger picture to be consistent with special relativity.
A postulate of quantum mechanics is that the time evolution of any quantum system is given by the Schrödinger equation:
using a suitable Hamiltonian operator corresponding to the system. The solution is a complex-valued wavefunction , a function of the 3d position vector of the particle at time , describing the behavior of the system. Every particle with spin has a particular (positive) spin quantum number , which is half-integer for fermions and integer for bosons, and each has a set of many "z"-projection quantum numbers; . This is an additional discrete variable the wavefunction requires; .
Historically, in the early 1920s Pauli, Kronig, Uhlenbeck and Goudsmit were the first to propose the concept of spin. The inclusion of spin in the wavefunction incorporates the Pauli exclusion principle (1925) and the more general spin-statistics theorem (1939) due to Fierz, rederived by Pauli a year later. This is the explanation for a diverse range of subatomic particle behavior and phenomena: from the electronic configurations of atoms, nuclei (and therefore all elements on the periodic table and their chemistry), to the quark configurations and color charge (hence the properties of baryons and mesons).
A fundamental prediction of special relativity is the relativistic energy–momentum relation; for a particle of rest mass , and in a particular frame of reference with energy and 3-momentum with magnitude in terms of the dot product , it is:
These equations are used together with the energy and momentum operators, which are respectively:
to construct a relativistic wave equation (RWE): a partial differential equation consistent with the energy–momentum relation, and is solved for to predict the quantum dynamics of the particle. For space and time to be placed on equal footing, as in relativity, the orders of space and time partial derivatives should be equal, and ideally as low as possible, so that no initial values of the derivatives need to be specified. This is important for probability interpretations, exemplified below. The lowest possible order of any differential equation is the first (zeroth order derivatives would not form a differential equation).
The Heisenberg picture is another formulation of QM, in which case the wavefunction is "time-independent", and the operators contain the time dependence, governed by the equation of motion:
This equation is also true in RQM, provided the Heisenberg operators are modified to be consistent with SR.
Historically, around 1926, Schrödinger and Heisenberg show that wave mechanics and matrix mechanics are equivalent, later furthered by Dirac using transformation theory.
A more modern approach to RWEs, first introduced during the time RWEs were developing for particles of any spin, is to apply representations of the Lorentz group.
Space and time.
In classical mechanics and non-relativistic QM, time is an absolute quantity all observers and particles can always agree on, "ticking away" in the background independent of space. Thus in non-relativistic QM one has for a many particle system .
In relativistic mechanics, the spatial coordinates and coordinate time are "not" absolute; any two observers moving relative to each other can measure different locations and times of events. The position and time coordinates combine naturally into a four-dimensional spacetime position corresponding to events, and the energy and 3-momentum combine naturally into the four momentum of a dynamic particle, as measured in "some" reference frame, change according to a Lorentz transformation as one measures in a different frame boosted and/or rotated relative the original frame in consideration. The derivative operators, and hence the energy and 3-momentum operators, are also non-invariant and change under Lorentz transformations.
Under a proper orthochronous Lorentz transformation in Minkowski space, all one-particle quantum states locally transform under some representation of the Lorentz group:
where is a finite-dimensional representation, in other words a square matrix . Again, is thought of as a column vector containing components with the allowed values of . The quantum numbers and as well as other labels, continuous or discrete, representing other quantum numbers are suppressed. One value of may occur more than once depending on the representation.
Non-relativistic and relativistic Hamiltonians.
The classical Hamiltonian for a particle in a potential is the kinetic energy plus the potential energy , with the corresponding quantum operator in the Schrödinger picture:
and substituting this into the above Schrödinger equation gives a non-relativistic QM equation for the wavefunction: the procedure is a straightforward substitution of a simple expression. By contrast this is not as easy in RQM; the energy–momentum equation is quadratic in energy "and" momentum leading to difficulties. Naively setting:
is not helpful for several reasons. The square root of the operators cannot be used as it stands; it would have to be expanded in a power series before the momentum operator, raised to a power in each term, could act on . As a result of the power series, the space and time derivatives are "completely asymmetric": infinite-order in space derivatives but only first order in the time derivative, which is inelegant and unwieldy. Again, there is the problem of the non-invariance of the energy operator, equated to the square root which is also not invariant. Another problem, less obvious and more severe, is that it can be shown to be nonlocal and can even "violate causality": if the particle is initially localized at a point so that is finite and zero elsewhere, then at any later time the equation predicts delocalization everywhere, even for which means the particle could arrive at a point before a pulse of light could. This would have to be remedied by the additional constraint .
There is also the problem of incorporating spin in the Hamiltonian, which isn't a prediction of the non-relativistic Schrödinger theory. Particles with spin have a corresponding spin magnetic moment quantized in units of , the Bohr magneton:
where is the (spin) g-factor for the particle, and the spin operator, so they interact with electromagnetic fields. For a particle in an externally applied magnetic field , the interaction term
has to be added to the above non-relativistic Hamiltonian. On the contrary; a relativistic Hamiltonian introduces spin "automatically" as a requirement of enforcing the relativistic energy-momentum relation.
Relativistic Hamiltonians are analogous to those of non-relativistic QM in the following respect; there are terms including rest mass and interaction terms with externally applied fields, similar to the classical potential energy term, as well as momentum terms like the classical kinetic energy term. A key difference is that relativistic Hamiltonians contain spin operators in the form of matrices, in which the matrix multiplication runs over the spin index , so in general a relativistic Hamiltonian:
is a function of space, time, and the momentum and spin operators.
The Klein–Gordon and Dirac equations for free particles.
Substituting the energy and momentum operators directly into the energy–momentum relation may at first sight seem appealing, to obtain the Klein–Gordon equation:
and was discovered by many people because of the straightforward way of obtaining it, notably by Schrödinger in 1925 before he found the non-relativistic equation named after him, and by Klein and Gordon in 1927, who included electromagnetic interactions in the equation. This "is" relativistically invariant, yet this equation alone isn't a sufficient foundation for RQM for a few reasons; one is that negative-energy states are solutions, another is the density (given below), and this equation as it stands is only applicable to spinless particles. This equation can be factored into the form:
where and are not simply numbers or vectors, but 4 × 4 Hermitian matrices that are required to anticommute for :
and square to the identity matrix:
so that terms with mixed second-order derivatives cancel while the second-order derivatives purely in space and time remain. The first factor:
is the Dirac equation. The other factor is also the Dirac equation, but for a particle of negative mass. Each factor is relativistically invariant. The reasoning can be done the other way round: propose the Hamiltonian in the above form, as Dirac did in 1928, then pre-multiply the equation by the other factor of operators , and comparison with the KG equation determines the constraints on and . The positive mass equation can continue to be used without loss of continuity. The matrices multiplying suggest it isn't a scalar wavefunction as permitted in the KG equation, but must instead be a four-component entity. The Dirac equation still predicts negative energy solutions, so Dirac postulated that negative energy states are always occupied, because according to the Pauli principle, electronic transitions from positive to negative energy levels in atoms would be forbidden. See Dirac sea for details.
Densities and currents.
In non-relativistic quantum mechanics, the square-modulus of the wavefunction gives the probability density function . This is the Copenhagen interpretation, circa 1927. In RQM, while is a wavefunction, the probability interpretation is not the same as in non-relativistic QM. Some RWEs do not predict a probability density or probability current (really meaning "probability current density") because they are "not" positive definite functions of space and time. The Dirac equation does:
where the dagger denotes the Hermitian adjoint (authors usually write for the Dirac adjoint) and is the probability four-current, while the Klein–Gordon equation does not:
where is the four gradient. Since the initial values of both and may be freely chosen, the density can be negative.
Instead, what appears look at first sight a "probability density" and "probability current" has to be reinterpreted as charge density and current density when multiplied by electric charge. Then, the wavefunction is not a wavefunction at all, but a reinterpreted as a "field". The density and current of electric charge always satisfy a continuity equation:
as charge is a conserved quantity. Probability density and current also satisfy a continuity equation because probability is conserved, however this is only possible in the absence of interactions.
Spin and electromagnetically interacting particles.
Including interactions in RWEs is generally difficult. Minimal coupling is a simple way to include the electromagnetic interaction. For one charged particle of electric charge in an electromagnetic field, given by the magnetic vector potential defined by the magnetic field , and electric scalar potential , this is:
where is the four-momentum that has a corresponding 4-momentum operator, and the four-potential. In the following, the non-relativistic limit refers to the limiting cases:
that is, the total energy of the particle is approximately the rest energy for small electric potentials, and the momentum is approximately the classical momentum.
Spin-0.
In RQM, the KG equation admits the minimal coupling prescription;
In the case where the charge is zero, the equation reduces trivially to the free KG equation so nonzero charge is assumed below. This is a scalar equation that is invariant under the "irreducible" one-dimensional scalar Representation theory of the Lorentz group representation of the Lorentz group. This means that all of its solutions will belong to a direct sum of representations. Solutions that do not belong to the irreducible representation will have two or more "independent" components. Such solutions cannot in general describe particles with nonzero spin since spin components are not independent. Other constraint will have to be imposed for that, e.g. the Dirac equation for spin 1/2, see below. Thus if a system satisfies the KG equation "only", it can only be interpreted as a system with zero spin.
The electromagnetic field is treated classically according to Maxwell's equations and the particle is described by a wavefunction, the solution to the KG equation. The equation is, as it stands, not always very useful, because massive spinless particles, such as the π-mesons, experience the much stronger strong interaction in addition to the electromagnetic interaction. It does, however, correctly describe charged spinless bosons in the absence of other interactions.
The KG equation is applicable to spinless charged bosons in an external electromagnetic potential. As such, the equation cannot be applied to the description of atoms, since the electron is a spin 1/2 particle. In the non-relativistic limit the equation reduces to the Schrödinger equation for a spinless charged particle in an electromagnetic field:
Spin-1/2.
Non relativistically, spin was "phenomenologically" introduced in the Pauli equation by Pauli in 1927 for particles in an electromagnetic field:
by means of the 2 × 2 Pauli matrices, and is not just a scalar wavefunction as in the non-relativistic Schrödinger equation, but a two-component spinor field:
where the subscripts ↑ and ↓ refer to the "spin up" () and "spin down" () states.
In RQM, the Dirac equation can also incorporate minimal coupling, rewritten from above;
and was the first equation to accurately "predict" spin, a consequence of the 4 × 4 gamma matrices . There is a 4 × 4 identity matrix pre-multiplying the energy operator (including the potential energy term), conventionally not written for simplicity and clarity (i.e. treated like the number 1). Here is a four-component spinor field, which is conventionally split into two two-component spinors in the form:
The 2-spinor corresponds to a particle with 4-momentum and charge and two spin states (, as before). The other 2-spinor corresponds to a similar particle with the same mass and spin states, but "negative" 4-momentum and "negative" charge , that is, negative energy states, time-reversed momentum, and negated charge. This was the first interpretation and prediction of a particle and "corresponding antiparticle". See Dirac spinor and bispinor for further description of these spinors. In the non-relativistic limit the Dirac equation reduces to the Pauli equation (see Dirac equation for how). When applied a one-electron atom or ion, setting and to the appropriate electrostatic potential, additional relativistic terms include the spin-orbit interaction, electron gyromagnetic ratio, and Darwin term. In ordinary QM these terms have to be put in by hand and treated using perturbation theory. The positive energies do account accurately for the fine structure.
Within RQM, for massless particles the Dirac equation reduces to:
the first of which is the Weyl equation, a considerable simplification applicable for massless neutrinos. This time there is a 2 × 2 identity matrix pre-multiplying the energy operator conventionally not written. In RQM it is useful to take this as the zeroth Pauli matrix which couples to the energy operator (time derivative), just as the other three matrices couple to the momentum operator (spatial derivatives).
The Pauli and gamma matrices were introduced here, in theoretical physics, rather than pure mathematics itself. They have applications to quaternions and to the SO(2) and SO(3) Lie groups, because they satisfy the important commutator [ , ] and anticommutator [ , ]+ relations respectively:
where is the three-dimensional Levi-Civita symbol. The gamma matrices form bases in Clifford algebra, and have a connection to the components of the flat spacetime Minkowski metric in the anticommutation relation:
(This can be extended to curved spacetime by introducing vierbeins, but is not the subject of special relativity).
In 1929, the Breit equation was found to describe two or more electromagnetically interacting massive spin-1/2 fermions to first-order relativistic corrections; one of the first attempts to describe such a relativistic quantum many-particle system. This is, however, still only an approximation, and the Hamiltonian includes numerous long and complicated sums.
Helicity and chirality.
The helicity operator is defined by;
where p is the momentum operator, S the spin operator for a particle of spin "s", "E" is the total energy of the particle, and "m"0 its rest mass. Helicity indicates the orientations of the spin and translational momentum vectors. Helicity is frame-dependent because of the 3-momentum in the definition, and is quantized due to spin quantization, which has discrete positive values for parallel alignment, and negative values for antiparallel alignment.
A automatic occurrence in the Dirac equation (and the Weyl equation) is the projection of the spin-1/2 operator on the 3-momentum (times "c"), , which is the helicity (for the spin-1/2 case) times formula_31.
For massless particles the helicity simplifies to:
Higher spins.
The Dirac equation can only describe particles of spin-1/2. Beyond the Dirac equation, RWEs have been applied to free particles of various spins. In 1936, Dirac extended his equation to all fermions, three years later Fierz and Pauli rederive the same equation. The Bargmann–Wigner equations were found in 1948 using Lorentz group theory, applicable for all free particles with any spin. Considering the factorization of the KG equation above, and more rigorously by Lorentz group theory, it becomes apparent to introduce spin in the form of matrices.
The wavefunctions are multicomponent spinor fields, which can be represented as column vectors of functions of space and time:
where the expression on the right is the Hermitian conjugate. For a "massive" particle of spin , there are components for the particle, and another for the corresponding antiparticle (there are possible values in each case), altogether forming a -component spinor field:
with the + subscript indicating the particle and − subscript for the antiparticle. However, for "massless" particles of spin "s", there are only ever two-component spinor fields; one is for the particle in one helicity state corresponding to +"s" and the other for the antiparticle in the opposite helicity state corresponding to −"s":
According to the relativistic energy-momentum relation, all massless particles travel at the speed of light, so particles traveling at the speed of light are also described by two-component spinors. Historically, Élie Cartan found the most general form of spinors in 1913, prior to the spinors revealed in the RWEs following the year 1927.
For equations describing higher-spin particles, the inclusion of interactions is nowhere near as simple minimal coupling, they lead to incorrect predictions and self-inconsistencies. For spin greater than "ħ"/2, the RWE is not fixed by the particle's mass, spin, and electric charge; the electromagnetic moments (electric dipole moments and magnetic dipole moments) allowed by the spin quantum number are arbitrary. (Theoretically, magnetic charge would contribute also). For example, the spin-1/2 case only allows a magnetic dipole, but for spin-1 particles magnetic quadrupoles and electric dipoles are also possible. For more on this topic, see multipole expansion and (for example) Cédric Lorcé (2009).
Velocity operator.
The Schrödinger/Pauli velocity operator can be defined for a massive particle using the classical definition , and substituting quantum operators in the usual way:
which has eigenvalues that take "any" value. In RQM, the Dirac theory, it is:
which must have eigenvalues between ±"c". See Foldy–Wouthuysen transformation for more theoretical background.
Relativistic quantum Lagrangians.
The Hamiltonian operators in the Schrödinger picture are one approach to forming the differential equations for . An equivalent alternative is to determine a Lagrangian (really meaning "Lagrangian density"), then generate the differential equation by the field-theoretic Euler–Lagrange equation:
For some RWEs, a Lagrangian can be found by inspection. For example the Dirac Lagrangian is:
and Klein–Gordon Lagrangian is:
This is not possible for all RWEs; and is one reason the Lorentz group theoretic approach is important and appealing: fundamental invariance and symmetries in space and time can be used to derive RWEs using appropriate group representations. The Lagrangian approach with field interpretation of is the subject of QFT rather than RQM: Feynman's path integral formulation uses invariant Lagrangians rather than Hamiltonian operators, since the latter can become extremely complicated, see (for example) S. Weinberg (1995).
Relativistic quantum angular momentum.
In non-relativistic QM, the angular momentum operator is formed from the classical pseudovector definition . In RQM, the position and momentum operators are inserted directly where they appear in the orbital relativistic angular momentum tensor defined from the four-dimensional position and momentum of the particle, equivalently a bivector in the exterior algebra formalism:
which are six components altogether: three are the non-relativistic 3-orbital angular momenta; , , , and the other three , , are boosts of the centre of mass of the rotating object. An additional relativistic-quantum term has to be added for particles with spin. For a particle of rest mass , the "total" angular momentum tensor is:
where the star denotes the Hodge dual, and
is the Pauli–Lubanski pseudovector. For more on relativistic spin, see (for example) S.M. Troshin and N.E. Tyurin (1994).
Thomas precession and spin-orbit interactions.
In 1926 the Thomas precession is discovered: relativistic corrections to the spin of elementary particles with application in the spin–orbit interaction of atoms and rotation of macroscopic objects. In 1939 Wigner derived the Thomas precession.
In classical electromagnetism and special relativity, an electron moving with a velocity through an electric field but not a magnetic field , will in its own frame of reference experience a Lorentz-transformed magnetic field :
In the non-relativistic limit :
so the non-relativistic spin interaction Hamiltonian becomes:
where the first term is already the non-relativistic magnetic moment interaction, and the second term the relativistic correction of order , but this disagrees with experimental atomic spectra by a factor of 1/2. It was pointed out by L. Thomas that there is a second relativistic effect: an electric field component perpendicular to the electron velocity causes an additional acceleration of the electron perpendicular to its instantaneous velocity, so the electron moves in a curved path. The electron moves in a rotating frame of reference, and this additional precession of the electron is called the "Thomas precession". It can be shown that the net result of this effect is that the spin–orbit interaction is reduced by half, as if the magnetic field experienced by the electron has only one-half the value, and the relativistic correction in the Hamiltonian is:
In the case of RQM, the factor of 1/2 is predicted by the Dirac equation.
History.
The events which lead to and established RQM, and the continuation beyond into quantum electrodynamics (QED), are summarized below for example, R. Resnick and R. Eisberg (1985), and P.W Atkins (1974). More than half a century of experimental and theoretical research from the 1890s through to the 1950s in the new and mysterious quantum theory as it was up and coming revealed that a number of phenomena cannot be explained by QM alone. SR, found at the turn of the 20th century, was found to be a "necessary" component, leading to unification: RQM. Theoretical predictions and experiments mainly focused on the newly found atomic physics, nuclear physics, and particle physics; by considering spectroscopy, diffraction and scattering of particles, and the electrons and nuclei within atoms and molecules. Numerous results are attributed to the effects of spin.
Relativistic description of particles in quantum phenomena.
Einstein in 1905 explained of the photoelectric effect; a particle description of light as photons. In 1916, Sommerfeld explains fine structure; the splitting of the spectral lines of atoms due to first order relativistic corrections. The Compton effect of 1923 provided more evidence that special relativity does apply; in this case to a particle description of photon–electron scattering. de Broglie extends wave–particle duality to matter: the de Broglie relations, which are consistent with special relativity and quantum mechanics. By 1927, Davisson and Germer and separately G. Thomson successfully diffract electrons, providing experimental evidence of wave-particle duality.
Quantum non-locality and relativistic locality.
In 1935; Einstein, Rosen, Podolsky publish a paper concerning quantum entanglement of particles, questioning quantum nonlocality and the apparent violation of causality upheld in SR: particles can appear to interact instantaneously at arbitrary distances. This was a misconception since information is not and cannot be transferred in the entangled states; rather the information transmission is in the process of measurement by two observers (one observer has to send a signal to the other, which cannot exceed "c"). QM does "not" violate SR. In 1959, Bohm and Aharonov publish a paper on the Aharonov–Bohm effect, questioning the status of electromagnetic potentials in QM. The EM field tensor and EM 4-potential formulations are both applicable in SR, but in QM the potentials enter the Hamiltonian (see above) and influence the motion of charged particles even in regions where the fields are zero. In 1964, Bell's theorem was published in a paper on the EPR paradox, showing that QM cannot be derived from local hidden variable theories.
The Lamb shift.
In 1947 the Lamb shift was discovered: a small difference in the 2"S"1/2 and 2"P"1/2 levels of hydrogen, due to the interaction between the electron and vacuum. Lamb and Retherford experimentally measure stimulated radio-frequency transitions the 2"S"1/2 and 2"P"1/2 hydrogen levels by microwave radiation. An explanation of the Lamb shift is presented by Bethe. Papers on the effect were published in the early 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="19389857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389857" title="Ephraim McDowell Regional Medical Center">
Ephraim McDowell Regional Medical Center

Ephraim McDowell Regional Medical Center (EMRMC) is a locally-controlled not-for-profit 222-bed hospital located in Danville, Kentucky.
History.
EMRMC took its name from Ephraim McDowell, a ground-breaking local physician who performed the first ovariotomy in the United States in 1809.
Following Dr. McDowell’s successful surgery, Danville became home to a number of physicians. This led to the formation of a community hospital in 1887. Through the years, the hospital expanded often. It marked its centennial in 1987 by changing its name to Ephraim McDowell Regional Medical Center.
Today.
EMRMC's primary service area includes Boyle County, Kentucky and five contiguous counties -- Casey, Garrard, Lincoln, Mercer, and Washington—with a total population of more than 140,000 residents.
According to its IRS Form 990, in Fiscal Year 2007 EMRMC had assets of $110,438,710, income of $105,401,634, and revenue of $105,286,175.
Thompson Reuters named EMRMC among its top 100 Performance Improvement Leaders. About 3,000 hospitals across the country were evaluated on analysis of data provided from public sources such as Medicaid and Medicare from a five-year period between 2001 and 2005.
Services.
Available services include:
Accreditations.
The following aspects of EMRMC have been accredited by recognized authorities:
Partner Organizations.
Either directly or through its parent organization, Ephraim McDowell Health, EMRMC is related to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19389860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389860" title="Minnesota Zephyr">
Minnesota Zephyr

The Minnesota Zephyr was a heritage railroad operating out of Stillwater, Minnesota. It operated as a dinner train and served a five-course, white linen dinner on a six-mile route, traveling between four and seven miles per hour. Power was provided by two EMD FP7 locomotives, with one on each end of the train. The rolling stock consisted of five restored dining cars. The train traveled along the St. Croix River bluffs, then turned westward and followed a stream. The trip lasted about three and a half hours. 
On September 18, 2008, owner David Paradeau stated that the train would cease operation at the end of the year, becoming a stationary restaurant serving dinner along with the adjacent Stillwater Grill. Paradeau cited the desire to retire, as well as a downturn in business and a $1.6 million loss within the last two years. Paradeau had hoped to sell the railroad right of way to the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources to be converted to a rail trail that would connect Stillwater to the Gateway State Trail system. The train has had close to a million riders during the last 23 years. 
The tracks connecting the Minnesota Zephyr line to Union Pacific to the south through downtown Stillwater were removed in the summer of 2005 after the city of Stillwater forced abandonment of the tracks because they had not been used since 1995 when the last steam engine visited Stillwater. 
This line was the first railroad line built into Stillwater. Work stopped late in December 1870 when the ground was too hard to finish the line. The last 1 mile of track was laid into downtown Stillwater in the spring of 1871 after the ground thawed. Two more railroad lines were built into Stillwater coming instead from the south end before the 1890s. The last Burlington Northern freight train to leave Stillwater on this line was in 1982. Burlington Northern submitted a bid to deliver coal via this line to the King power plant in 1985 but the bid was won by Union Pacific.
On September 10, 2010 the Minnesota DNR expressed renewed interest in and laid out plans for the Minnesota Zephyr 
In February 2012 the sale of the right-of-way was finalized to the Minnesota DNR for 4.37 million dollars. The sale to the DNR does not include the dinner train (engines and cars) itself or the Zephyr building. The rails and ties have been removed to prepare the right of way to be made into a walking and biking trail. The DNR currently has paved the first two miles of the trail starting from downtown Stillwater and will pave the rest of the trail as funds become available. The DNR is also planning to build a bridge over Manning avenue (County Road 15). The right of way is being considered as a route for a future light rail line into Stillwater.
In early 2013, Iowa Pacific Holdings purchased the train and to use on their Rio Grande Scenic Railroad subsidiary. In March, the dining cars were shipped by rail to Colorado with the locomotives being shipped later. As of September 2013, both locomotives are sitting in the parking of the Zephyr building.

</doc>
<doc id="19389872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389872" title="Judith of Habsburg">
Judith of Habsburg

Judith of Habsburg (13 March 1271 – 21 May 1297) was the youngest daughter of Rudolph I of Germany and his wife Gertrude of Hohenburg. Judith was a member of the Habsburg family.
Biography.
When Judith was five, she became the object of her father's political plans. Her father signed the Vienna peace treaty with Premysl Otakar II of Bohemia, and they decided that Judith should marry Wenceslaus, son and heir of Premysl Otakar.
Judith's sisters also married powerful kings and dukes; her sister Klementia married Charles Martel of Anjou, son of Charles II of Naples, and her sister Matilda married Louis II, Duke of Bavaria.
The formal marriage (engagement) was in 1279 in Jihlava, the second marriage took place in early 1285 in Cheb, and the bride was given a dowry "from the Duchy of Austria, Moravian border to the border of Danube". The wedding in Cheb was followed by a "festive" wedding night, but soon after, Rudolph took Judith back to Germany, since she was still of a young age.
Wenceslaus' coronation had to be canceled because Judith was not present. She did eventually leave her family in Germany and came to Prague to be with her husband. Like her father, Judith hated Zavish, Lord of Falkenstejn, stepfather of her husband. He had acted as regent with the Dowager Queen, Kunigunda of Slavonia, whom he secretly married. Judith helped bring Zavish to trial and he was eventually executed in 1290, five years after the death of Queen Kunigunda.
Judith tried to reconcile her husband and Albert I of Germany, her brother. She also brought German influences to the Prague court, like the introduction of knights at court. She made Prague a cultural centre
They were crowned King and Queen of Bohemia in 1297. Judith was not in good health during the time of the coronation having just given birth to her tenth child. She died weeks later.
According to the family chronicles, Judith was described as beautiful, noble and virtuous. She supported her husband's claim on Poland.
Judith died 21 May 1297 in Prague, aged only twenty six. She was having constant pregnancies over the twelve years of marriage, almost one child per year. Worn out by childbirth, Judith died weeks after giving birth to her youngest child and namesake, Judith.
Her husband went onto marry Elisabeth Richeza of Poland who bore him a daughter, Agnes.
All of the Hapsburg rulers of Bohemia from 1526 onward were descended from Judith through her daughter Elizabeth.
Issue.
Wenceslaus and Judith had ten children:
Of the ten children only four lived to adulthood.
Family legacy.
Wenceslaus and then Anna and Elisabeth succeeded their father as rulers of Bohemia. Elisabeth was the mother of Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor, his son was Sigismund, Holy Roman Emperor.
Judith is also an ancestor of Anne of Denmark who married James I of England, her children were Charles I of England and Elizabeth of Bohemia; Elizabeth is one of Judith's successors as Queen of Bohemia.

</doc>
<doc id="19389874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389874" title="Casas de Pedro Barba">
Casas de Pedro Barba

Casas de Pedro Barba, in the Canary Islands, Spain, is a small community of summer residences in La Graciosa island. The population is 2 (INE, January 2006). It's part of the municipality of Teguise on Lanzarote. There is a road to the other inhabited place in the island, Caleta de Sebo. 

</doc>
<doc id="19389877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389877" title="HD 125658">
HD 125658

HD 125658 is a variable star in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19389881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389881" title="2009 World Junior Figure Skating Championships">
2009 World Junior Figure Skating Championships

The 2009 World Junior Figure Skating Championships was the World Junior Figure Skating Championships for the 2008–2009 figure skating season. Commonly called "World Juniors" and "Junior Worlds", they are an annual figure skating competition in which elite figure skaters compete for the title of World Junior Champion. The event crowned the World Junior Champions in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. 
The event was held between February 23 and March 1, 2009 in the Winter Sports Hall in Sofia, Bulgaria. The event had been provisionally scheduled to be held in Ostrava, Czech Republic; however, due to financial reasons, the Czech Figure Skating Association could not host. Therefore, on October 13, 2008, the International Skating Union definitively assigned the World Junior Championships to Sofia.
Qualification.
The competition was open to skaters from ISU Member Nations who had reached the age of 13 by July 1, 2008, but had not yet turned 19. The upper age limit for men competing in pairs and dance was 21. 
The term "Junior" refers to the age level rather than necessarily the skill level. Therefore, some of the skaters competing have competed nationally and internationally at the senior level, but are still age-eligible for World Juniors. Regardless of whether they have competed as seniors, all competitors perform programs that conform to the ISU rules for junior level competition in terms of program lengths, jumping passes, etc.
Multiple entries.
All members nations have one entry in each discipline by default. Member nations may earn more than entry based on their performance at the previous year's championships.
The following countries earned more than one entry to the 2009 World Junior Championships based on their performance at the 2008 World Junior Figure Skating Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19389889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389889" title="Təzəkənd, Kangarli">
Təzəkənd, Kangarli

Təzəkənd (also, Tazakend) is a village and municipality in the Kangarli District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 505. 

</doc>
<doc id="19389917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389917" title="Bedtime Worries">
Bedtime Worries

Bedtime Worries is a 1933 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 124th (36th talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
On the day he is promoted to head clerk (or "head cluck," as Spanky mistakenly puts it), Spanky's father (Emerson Treacy) declares that it is high time Spanky stopped sleeping in his parents' room and go to bed in his own room. During his first night alone, Spanky envisions all sorts of imaginary horrors, from a bat (actually a moth) to "the boogeyman."
Thus, when a burglar (Harry Bernard) climbs into Spanky's window, the boy's dozing parents fail to believe his story. Passing himself off as Santa Claus, the burglar attempts to steal everything that is not nailed down. The gang stop at Spanky's house to stay. He tells them Santa was visiting and when Stymie sees "him", he realizes that this man is a burglar. The gang comes to the rescue and tackle down the burglar and the police arrive and take the burglar away.
Note.
With Bobby Hutchins, Dickie Moore and Dorothy DeBorba having departed after the previous film ("Mush and Milk") and several fill in kids leaving, Spanky is left to carry the next two films. It would be early in 1934 when new faces would be introduced.

</doc>
<doc id="19389922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389922" title="Carola Zirzow">
Carola Zirzow

Carola Zirzow (born 15 September 1954 in Prenzlau) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1970s. She won two medals at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal with a gold in the K-1 500 m and a bronze in the K-2 500 m events.
Zirzow also won three gold medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with one in the K-2 500 m event (1975) and two in the K-4 500 m (1974, 1975).

</doc>
<doc id="19389924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389924" title="Canadian Federation of University Women">
Canadian Federation of University Women

The Canadian Federation of University Women (CFUW) (French: "Fédération canadienne des femmes diplômées des universités ") is a non-profit equality-seeking organization of female university graduates, students, and associated members, headquartered in Ottawa, Canada. Founded in 1919, the bi-lingual organisation has close to 10,000 members in 112 clubs throughout Canada .
, the CFUW is the largest of 61 affiliates in the International Federation of University Women, and has special consultative status at the United Nations, as well as representation on the Sectoral Committee on Education for the Canadian Sub-Committee for UNESCO.
Among other activities, it supports the CFUW/FCFDU Charitable Trust, which awards fellowships for post-graduate education and funds the Creative Music Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19389925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389925" title="2001 Ukrainian Amateur Cup">
2001 Ukrainian Amateur Cup

Some teams, Systema-KKhP Cherniakhiv and Zirka Koriukivka, started at quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19389935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389935" title="Michael Kongehl">
Michael Kongehl

Michael Kongehl (19 March 1646 – 1 November 1710) was a German baroque poet.
Life.
Kongehl was born in Kreuzburg to the brewer Michael Kongehl and his wife Barbara Marquart. He visited the school in Kreuzburg and Königsberg and started to study Lutheran divinity at the University of Königsberg in 1661. Afterwards Kongehl travelled to Jena and Nürnberg, where he lived for 3 years. Here Kongehl was "crowned" as a poet and named ""prutenio"" and was a member of the association of poets "Pegnesischer Blumenorden". He returned to Königsberg and applied for the succession of Simon Dach as a professor of poetry at the University of Königsberg, but without success. Kongehl worked as a municipal secretary of Kneiphof, became a councilman in 1696 and Mayor of Kneiphof. He died throughout a time of epidemic plague in Königsberg.
Works.
Kongehl wrote several popular religious chants like
but also secular poetry and dramas

</doc>
<doc id="19389939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389939" title="Alfonso Giacomo Gaspare Corti">
Alfonso Giacomo Gaspare Corti

Alfonso Giacomo Gaspare Corti (1822 – 2 October 1876) was born at Gambarana, near Pavia in 1822. A famous friend of Corti's father, Antonio Scarpa, may have kindled his boyhood interest in anatomy and medicine. As a medical student he enrolled first at the University of Pavia. Corti's favorite study there was microanatomy with Bartolomeo Panizza and Mario Rusconi. In 1845, against paternal wishes, Corti moved to Vienna to complete his medical studies and to work in the anatomical institute of Joseph Hirtl. There he received the degree in medicine in 1847 under the supervision of professor Hyrtl, with a thesis on the bloodstream system of a reptile. He was then appointed by Hyrtl to be his Second Prosector. With the outbreak of the 1848 Revolution he left Vienna, and after brief military service in Italy made visits to eminent scientists in Bern, London and Paris. At the beginning of 1850 Corti had received the invitation of the anatomist Albert Kölliker and had moved to Würzburg, where he made friends with Virchow. At the Kölliker Laboratory he began to work on the mammalian auditory system. Corti spent a short time in Utrecht, where he visited Professors Jacobus Schroeder van der Kolk and Pieter Harting. During his stay he learned to use methods to preserve several preparations of the cochlea. From Utrecht he returned to Würzburg to complete his study of at least 200 cochleas of man and different animals. His famous paper, "Recherches sur l'organe de l'ouïe des mammiferes", 
appeared in 1851 in Kölliker's journal "Zeitschrift für wissenschaftliche Zoologie". In the same year, after the death of his father, he inherited his father's estate and the title "Marchese de San Stefano Belbo" and moved back to Italy. In 1855 Corti married the daughter from a neighboring estate, Maria Bettinzoli. His young wife presented him with a daughter Bianca, and a son Gaspare, but in 1861 she died, leaving him with the responsibility of rearing the children. Unfortunately he was gradually developing arthritis deformans. Corti's last 15 years were further darkened by the inexorable progress of his crippling illness. In 1876, on the second of October, he died at Corvino San Quirico.

</doc>
<doc id="19389961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389961" title="John Matshikiza">
John Matshikiza

John Matshikiza (26 November 1954 – 15 September 2008) was a South African actor, theatre director, poet and journalist.
Biography.
John Matshikiza was born in Johannesburg, South Africa, to Todd Matshikiza - renowned jazz pianist, composer and journalist - and Esme Matshikiza. Due to apartheid, the Matshikiza family went into exile in London in 1961. John was only seven at the time he boarded the ship for London. Later the family moved to Lusaka, Zambia, where John completed his schooling and took a degree in economics and politics. He returned to London to the Drama Centre London to train in drama. While in the United Kingdom, he worked for the Royal Shakespeare Company and Glasgow's Citizens Theatre company and also worked in television and film. He became active in the exiled African National Congress. John also lived in the United States, Netherlands and various African countries including Senegal, where he was director of the department of culture of the Gorée Institute. While in exile John had two books published: "South Where Her Feet Cool on Ice" (1981) and "Prophets in the Black Sky" (1986).
When the African National Congress was unbanned in South Africa in 1991, John returned there and directed plays at the Market and Windybrow theatres, wrote and directed documentaries and dramas for television and appeared in various films.
Among others, he was seen in "Hijack Stories", Leon Schuster's "There's a Zulu On My Stoep", "Cry Freedom" and 1987's "Mandela", in which he played the role of Walter Sisulu. One of John's last acting roles was the villain in the third series of the television series "Hard Copy". John wrote for several South African and foreign publications including the "Mail & Guardian", where his "With the Lid Off" column ran from several years from the mid-1990s and was gently critical of the government. In 2002, he won the regional and national Vodacom Journalist of the Year Award in the specialist category for his column, which appeared in a collection of his and his father Todd's works entitled "With the Lid Off: South African Insights from Home and Abroad", published in 2000.
In December 2007, John was violently hijacked and became more critical of the government's failure to curb the high crime rate. Due to the hijacking and malaria, which he contracted on one of his trips in Africa, his health started to decline.
On 15 September 2008, John suffered a heart attack in Picobella restaurant in Melville, Johannesburg, and died soon afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="19389980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389980" title="Sébastien Sejean">
Sébastien Sejean

Sébastien Sejean (born October 31, 1983, in France) is an American football safety for the Reading Express of the Indoor Football League. He played CIS football for the Université Laval Rouge et Or.
Career.
Sebastian Sejean discovered American football through a supervisor from his college that invited him to attend training sessions for Molossian Asnieres-sur-Seine. In 2001 he went to Amiens where he joined the division, with hopes of joining the French Federation of American football, and eventually joined the Spartans club Amiens. In 2002 he was called to France junior team with which he participated in the European Junior Championships, where he earned the title of best player.
In 2003 he was named in the Europe team to participate in the Global Championships. During this tournament he was noticed by U.S.A universities, including Louisiana Tech. That same year he participated with the senior team in France at the World Cup in Germany when France finished 4th. Then in 2004 he won the Diamond Helmet X with the Spartans. Thanks to his good performance he was offered to join the University of Laval in Quebec. In late 2004 he went to study in Canada then. At the University of Laval, he joined the team of Red and Gold, establishing himself in the number of Red and Gold wins, he contributes to the Laval Dunsmore Cup in 2005 and 2007 and Vanier Cup (highest university competition in Canada) in 2006.
In September 2007, he participated in his second World Cup which took place in Japan. 
Sejean was asked to play in NFL Europa, he refuses the proposal made to him while hoping to get a contract in the Canadian League CFL. He was then approached by the Toronto Argonauts, but at the same time he was contacted to participate in the development program organized by foreign players in the NFL. Sejean decided to try his luck in the development program, where only 16 players Were offered contracts. During the tests that took place in London and Seville, he was confronted with sixty players, some of whom had played professionally in NFL Europa. Following the tests he was offered one of 16 precious contracts and signed with St. Louis Rams, becoming the first student from the University of Laval to sign with a club in the NFL.
In 2008, he contributed only to pre-season matches and training at the club. On August 9, Sejean came into play for the first time during the 4th quarter, he managed during his time Veneer 2 game. Sejean played against the Chargers in San Diego, and succeeded Veneer 3. Finally he played the last game of the pre-season against the Chiefs in Kansas City. At the end of the pre-season he culmuled 3 games with 6 solo veneers.
Since the end of his contract with the Rams he has looked for a new club. For the 2011 season, he finally found that new club, the Indoor Football League's Reading Express.

</doc>
<doc id="19389981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389981" title="Live at Shea Stadium">
Live at Shea Stadium

Live at Shea Stadium is a live album by the English punk rock band The Clash. It was recorded at Shea Stadium in New York City on 13 October 1982, the band's second night opening for The Who, the concert was produced by Kosmo Vinyl. The original recordings were unearthed by Clash frontman Joe Strummer while packing for a move. The album was released in the United Kingdom on 6 October 2008 and in the United States the following day.
Reception.
Reception for "Live at Shea Stadium" was very positive. Review aggregator Metacritic, which collates reviews from various publications, indicates a score of 81 (indicating "Universal acclaim").
Personnel.
Production

</doc>
<doc id="19389984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389984" title="Siluranodon auritus">
Siluranodon auritus

Siluranodon auritus is the only species in the genus Siluranodon of the catfish (order Siluriformes) family Schilbeidae. 
This species is known from the Nile River and the Chad, Niger, Volta, and Comoe basins. In the Sudd, these fish have been found to occur beneath fringing "Eichhornia".
Although it has been previously thought that fish of this species lack teeth, it has been found that they have very reduced teeth. As the fish grows, teeth on the upper jaw are lost due to damage, while teeth on the lower jaw are overgrown by the surrounding bone. It has been suggested that this species exhibits pedomorphosis, that is, they retain many juvenile traits into adulthood. Some of these include an absence of a dorsal fin spine and a reduced number of ribs. "S. auritus" reaches a length of about 17.5  centimetres (6.9 in) TL. 
As adults, "S. auritus" are filter-feeders, feeding primarily on phytoplankton and zooplankton. Stomachs of fish have been examined to contain zooplankton, chironomids and debris.
These fish are oviparous and the eggs are unguarded.

</doc>
<doc id="19389987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389987" title="Pichai Pituwong">
Pichai Pituwong

Pichai Pituwong is a Thai football coach. He coached Thailand Premier League side BEC Tero Sasana FC in the 2001/02 Premier League season, taking over from Englishman Jason Withe, who had just led the club to the domestic double, the league and cup. Pichai himself led the club to the league title. He duly left the following season being replaced by Attaphol Puspakom.
In August 2009 he replaced the Brazilian Coach "Carlos Ferreira" at Chula United.

</doc>
<doc id="19389993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19389993" title="James V. Schall">
James V. Schall

James Vincent Schall, S.J. (born January 20, 1928) is an American Jesuit Roman Catholic priest, teacher, writer, and philosopher. He was, most recently, Professor of Political Philosophy in the Department of Government at Georgetown University. He retired from teaching in December 2012, giving his final lecture on December 7, 2012, at Georgetown. His final lecture was entitled "The Final Gladness," and was sponsored by the Tocqueville Forum. 
Biography.
Born in Pocahontas, Iowa, and educated in local public schools, he graduated from Knoxville (Iowa) High School in 1945. 
After time in the U.S. Army (1946-47), he joined the Society of Jesus (California Province) in 1948, and then attended Santa Clara University in California. He earned an MA in Philosophy from Gonzaga University in 1955. He earned a Ph.D. in Political Theory from Georgetown University in 1960, and was ordained as a Roman Catholic priest in 1963. In 1964, he earned an M.A. in Sacred Theology from Santa Clara University. 
Fr. Schall was a member of the faculty of the Institute of Social Sciences, Pontifical Gregorian University, Rome, from 1964–77, and a member of the Government Department, University of San Francisco, from 1968-77. Before retiring, he had been a member of the Government Department at Georgetown University since 1977. In 1993 and 2004, Fr. Schall was presented the Edward B. Bunn, SJ, Award for Faculty Excellence by the senior class in the College of Arts and Sciences at Georgetown University. 
A prolific writer, he has written more than 30 books and edited or co-edited 8 others. By July 2002, his website listed his authorship of 356 essays, 148 book reviews, and 660 columns, including his monthly column, “Sense and Nonsense,” for the Catholic journal "Crisis", and his columns in "Gilbert!" magazine, the "Saint Austin Review", and the "University Bookman".
Fr. Schall is an expert on the thought of G. K. Chesterton; he has edited two volumes of Chesterton's collected works and written his own volume of essays on the famous Catholic convert.
Books, Pamphlets and Edited Books by Fr. Schall (partial listing).
Books:
Pamphlets:
Edited with Introduction:

</doc>
<doc id="19390010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390010" title="RawTherapee">
RawTherapee

RawTherapee is a cross-platform raw image processing program, released under the GNU General Public License Version 3. It was originally written by Gábor Horváth of Budapest, Hungary, before being re-licensed as free and open-source software in January 2010. It is written in C++, using a GTK+ front-end and a patched version of dcraw for reading raw files. It is notable for the advanced control it gives the user over the demosaicing and developing process. The name used to stand for "The Experimental Raw Photo Editor"; however that acronym has been dropped, and RawTherapee is now a full name in itself.
Features.
RawTherapee involves the concept of non-destructive editing, similar to that of some other raw conversion software. Adjustments made by the user are immediately reflected in the preview image, though they are not physically applied to the opened image but the parameters are saved to a separate sidecar file. These adjustments are then applied during the export process.
All the internal processing is done in a high precision 32-bit floating point engine.
Input file formats.
RawTherapee can work with both raw files from digital cameras and usual images.
While reading raw files it relies on the dcraw code, but only for parsing formats, not for processing. Thus, RawTherapee supports all the formats supported by dcraw.
Additionally, RawTherapee supports the following image formats:
User interface.
RawTherapee provides the user with a file browser, a queue, and an image editing tab.
The file browser shows photo thumbnails along with a caption of the shooting information metadata. The browser includes 5-star rating, flagging, and an Exif-based filter. It can be used to apply a profile, or parts of a profile, to a whole selection of photos in one operation.
The queue tab allows one to put exporting photos on hold until done adjusting them in the Editor, so that CPU is fully available to the user while tweaking a photo, instead of processing photos while the user is trying to tweak new ones which could result in a sluggish interface. Alternatively, it can be used to process photos alongside tweaking new ones, if one has a CPU capable of handling the workload.
The Editor tab is where the user tweaks photos. While the image is opened for editing, the user is provided with a preview window with pan and zoom capabilities. A color histogram is also present offering linear and logarithmic scales, and separate R, G, B and L channels. All adjustments are reflected in the history queue and the user can revert any of the changes at any time. There is also the possibility of taking multiple snapshots of the history queue, allowing for various versions of the image being shown. These snapshots are not written to the sidecar file and are subsequently lost once the photo has been closed, however work is underway on migrating the PP3 sidecar system to XMP which already supports storing snapshots.
Output formats.
Output format can be selected from:
Version history.
v2 series.
Version 2.4.1 was released in September 2009; the last closed source version released. Since then RawTherapee has become open source (it was closed before 2010) and a number of developers have joined the project, adding new features and improving stability.
v3 series.
The 3 series with version "Dev-3.0" was the first to be released as open source. Major changes incorporated in this series include:
4.0 series.
This is the most recent series. Major changes incorporated in this series include:
Because of the higher RAM requirements of the 4.0 version, though it is still supported 32-bit operating systems, 64-bit machines are highly recommended for performance and stability.

</doc>
<doc id="19390018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390018" title="Təzəkənd, Sharur">
Təzəkənd, Sharur

Təzəkənd (also, Tazakend) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 254. 

</doc>
<doc id="19390021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390021" title="Solaro (family)">
Solaro (family)

The Solaro family was the most powerful medieval banking family in Asti, Italy. At the height of their power, they were owners of 24 castles within Asti's communal territory. They were also present in Genoa in the 12th century and acquired holdings in Sestri Levante. Of the Casane Astigiane, they were the main Guelf supporters in Asti, in contrast to the 'De Castello" union.
Initially their commercial activity was centred primarily in the fairs of Provins, Troyes, in northern France and Flanders. By the 13th century, they were active in Bourgogne and Franche-Comté.
In 1276, their intervention was critical in the peace between Asti and Charles of Anjou and the family flourished under the Angevin period.
The Solaro's influence diminished with the return of the Ghibellines and the Visconti period.

</doc>
<doc id="19390047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390047" title="Régis Laguesse">
Régis Laguesse

Régis Laguesse (born Montreuil-Bellay 6 January 1950) is a French football coach and former player. He played for Angers SCO, SC Bastia and Stade Lavallois in the 1970s. He coached Thailand Premier League side BEC Tero Sasana in 2007, until he was replaced by another Frenchman Christophe Larrouilh. As of 2010, Laguesse was working as a coach in Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="19390053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390053" title="Karen Hoff">
Karen Hoff

Karen Hoff (May 29, 1921 - February 29, 2000) is a Danish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. She won a gold medal in the K-1 500 m event at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.
Hoff also won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 500 m: 1948) and a silver (K-1 500 m: 1950).

</doc>
<doc id="19390120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390120" title="HD 135944">
HD 135944

HD 135944 is a star in double system in the constellation Boötes. With an apparent magnitude of 6.4, it is at the limits of naked eye visibility.

</doc>
<doc id="19390135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390135" title="Joseph R. Harris Co.">
Joseph R. Harris Co.

Joseph R. Harris Co. was a Washington, D.C.-based chain of women's apparel stores.
History.
The chain was founded in 1916, in Washington, D.C. by Joseph R. Harris. By the time of its sale in 1971, to the retail conglomerate Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller & Rhoads, Inc., it had grown to nine locations in the Washington, D.C. area, and branches in Atlanta, Georgia and Charlotte, North Carolina. The company's founder retired as board chairman that same year.
In 1978, the Minneapolis, Minnesota-based retailer Gamble-Skogmo, Inc. purchased a 20-percent share of the Garfinckel conglomerate from the Joseph R. Harris family, thereby gaining a controlling interest in it. A court suit resulted in an agreement that Gamble-Skogmo would not acquire any more stock in Garfinckel. The following year, Garfinckel sold the Joseph R. Harris Co., then renamed Harris & Friends, to the Petrie Stores Corp. of Cleveland, Ohio. At the time, Harris had 26 stores in Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Georgia, and the District of Columbia.
Flagship store.
The original location was at 1212 "F" Street, NW, in the downtown core shopping district of Washington, D.C. In 1929, they moved to 1224 "F" Street, NW. The chains final flagship store opened in 1965, and was located at 1336 "F" Street, NW; a store located in space formerly occupied by Capitol Theater in the National Press Club building. The site is now occupied by The Shops at National Place.

</doc>
<doc id="19390176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390176" title="Turkmen v. Ashcroft">
Turkmen v. Ashcroft

Turkmen v. Ashcroft is an ongoing class action civil lawsuit filed by the Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) against the then-Attorney General John Ashcroft, FBI Director Robert Mueller, former INS Commissioner James Ziglar, and employees of the Metropolitan Detention Center (MDC) in Brooklyn, New York, on the behalf of a number of Muslim, South Asian, and Arab non-citizens who, under the pretext of immigration violations, were held in detention for several months.
The lawsuit charges that the Immigration and Naturalization Service unlawfully held the plaintiffs several months after the completion of immigrations cases brought against them to allow the FBI to investigate potential links to terrorism, an alleged violation of their First, Fourth, and Fifth Amendment rights. The suit additionally alleges that the conditions of detainment of these prisoners, as well as the length of detainment, violated their rights, as prisoners were held in the Administrative Maximum Special Housing Unit (ADMAX SHU); deprived contact with their attorneys, families, and friends; prevented from the practice of their religions; and treated inhumanely in various ways, including being verbally and physically abused.
In February 2008 the case was reviewed by the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, where Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor was one of the appeal court judges.
David D. Cole, a professor at Georgetown University School of Law, is one of the attorneys on the case.
On November 3, 2009 The Center for Constitutional Rights announced that the six Metropolitan Detention Center plaintiffs had settled their claims against the United States for 1.26 million dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="19390187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390187" title="Rhonelle">
Rhonelle

The Rhonelle is a river of northern France, right tributary of the Scheldt. Its source is near Locquignol. It flows generally northwest along Le Quesnoy, Villers-Pol and Famars. It flows into the Scheldt in Valenciennes.

</doc>
<doc id="19390197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390197" title="Tetley's Brewery">
Tetley's Brewery

Tetley's Brewery (Joshua Tetley & Sons Ltd) was a regional brewery founded in 1822 by Joshua Tetley in Hunslet, now a suburb of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. The beer was originally produced at the Leeds Brewery, which was later renamed the Leeds Tetley Brewery to avoid confusion with a microbrewery of the same name.
A takeover of the nearby Melbourne Brewery in 1960 secured Tetley's position as the largest brewer in Leeds. That same year they merged with Walkers of Warrington to form Tetley Walker. Tetley Walker owned over 1,000 tied houses in Yorkshire alone and a further 2,000 outside the county. In 1961 Tetley merged with Ind Coope of Burton upon Trent and Ansells of Birmingham to form Allied Breweries, then the world's largest brewing conglomerate. At its height in the 1960s, the Leeds Brewery employed a thousand people. In 1978 Allied merged with J. Lyons to form Allied Lyons. The brewery became the world's largest producer of cask ale during the 1980s. In 1998 Tetley was taken over by the Carlsberg Group, a brewing of Copenhagen, Denmark.
The Leeds Brewery was closed in 2011, and demolished in 2012, with production contracted out by Carlsberg to rival breweries in Wolverhampton, Tadcaster and Hartlepool. Tetley retains its links to Leeds through sponsorship of its two main rugby teams, Leeds Rhinos and Leeds Carnegie.
Tetley's is the eleventh highest selling beer brand in the United Kingdom. It is the second highest selling ale brand in the world after John Smith's, with volumes of 700,000 hectolitres. Its main products are Tetley's Cask and Tetley's Smoothflow.
History.
The Tetley family's links with the beer industry go back to the 1740s when William Tetley was described as a maltster in Armley, near Leeds. His son William expanded the business, which in turn was passed to his son Joshua. In 1822, Joshua leased a brewery in Salem Place, Hunslet for £400. Joshua Tetley and Son was created in 1839 when Joshua made his son, Francis William, a partner. Construction of a new brewery began in 1852. Joshua died in 1859, leaving the business to Francis, who took on a his brother in law, Charles Ryder, as a partner. By 1860 Tetley was the largest brewery in the North of England and by 1864 Joshua Tetley and Son were starting an ambitious building scheme. Although Tetley mostly brewed mild throughout the nineteenth century, it also began to brew pale ale, which was gaining in popularity. By 1875, annual beer production had reached 171,500 barrels. Tetley bought its first two public houses in 1890. Only one remains today, The Fleece in Farsley, Leeds. The other, the Duke William, which was in Tetley’s yard, was "unceremoniously demolished" by Carlsberg in 2002. In July 1897, the company became a public limited company valued at £572,848, and used the funding to launch a bottling operation.
In 1931, the art deco Tetley headquarters building was erected. In 1954, the Gilmour Brewery of Sheffield was acquired in a friendly takeover, along with 500 tied houses. Tetley's position as Leeds' largest brewer was confirmed in April 1960 when it announced a takeover of Leeds' Melbourne Brewery. The takeover was a friendly one, and Melbourne had approached Tetley about the merger. The brewery and its 245 tied houses were acquired for £3.5 million. Production of Melbourne beer immediately ceased, although Tetley Mild was brewed at the Melbourne brewery until 1962. Tetley relied on the quality of its beer to drive sales in the free trade.
Later in 1960 they merged with Walkers of Warrington to form Tetley Walker. Tetley Walker owned over one thousand tied houses in Yorkshire alone and a further two thousand outside the county. In 1961 Tetley merged with Ind Coope and Ansells to form Allied Breweries, then the world's largest brewing conglomerate. During the 1960s the brewery employed over a thousand workers. A new brewhouse was built in 1964. By the 1970s half of Leeds' pubs were owned by Tetley. During the 1970s Tetley's was Britain's largest cask ale brewery, producing 1 million barrels a year. In 1978 Allied merged with J. Lyons to form Allied Lyons.
During the 1980s Tetley benefited from the increase in sales of cask ale. An impartial customer survey in the 1980s concluded that Tetley had achieved an almost irrational level of customer support, particularly in West Yorkshire, in part because of traditional loyalty, partly because of highly effective television campaigns such as the Tetley Bittermen, and also because of a consistently high quality product. The brewhouse was updated in 1984.
In 1993 Allied Lyons sold a 50 per cent stake in the company to the Danish brewer Carlsberg. The brewery opened a museum on 19 March 1994. The attraction proved popular; however, redevelopment of the land surrounding the brewery led to the attraction's closure on 7 April 2000. The building is now bars and restaurants. By 1996, sales of Tetley Bitter were overtaken by sales of John Smith's, and the product has retained the number two ale position ever since. This is largely attributed to Tetley's ineffective marketing campaigns. In 1998 Tetley's was taken over by Carlsberg, who had previously held a 50 per cent stake in the business. In 2004 Tetley was dropped from the Carlsberg-Tetley name. The company is now called Carlsberg UK Limited and is a part of Carlsberg AS group. In 2006, Tetley's sold 185 million pints of beer in pubs. In the same year, the brewery's dray horses, which had made beer deliveries to pubs around Leeds, were retired.
The brewery's closure was announced in 2008. Darran Britton, Carlsberg UK marketing director, defended the closure, saying "People are drinking less. Five pubs a day are closing. This is not about the workforce. It is an old brewery and the one in Northampton is bigger and more modern."
In December 2010 production of Tetley's cask products was transferred to Banks's brewery in Wolverhampton. Tetley Smoothflow will be brewed by Coors in Tadcaster and Tetley keg Dark Mild, Mild and Imperial will be brewed by Cameron's of Hartlepool. The final brew took place on 22 February 2011. Lager production was transferred to Northampton. Despite protests that Tetley Cask brewed in Wolverhampton would taste different, the new beer has been greeted with a warm reception.
In November 2013, the former main office building was reopened as an art gallery.
Brewery.
The brewery was situated on the south banks of the River Aire near Crown Point, Hunslet and Clarence Dock. In 1906 the brewery stood on a fraction of its current site between Brook Street, Hunslet Road (this part now being known as Hunslet Lane), Crown Point Road and Waterloo Street. Many smaller streets in the vicinity have since disappeared under the ever extending brewery. All fermenting took place in stainless steel Yorkshire squares and conical vessels; the slate Yorkshire squares, dating from about the 1880s, were removed in autumn 2008. The closure of the brewery was announced on 5 November 2008. The brewery finally closed its doors on 17 June 2011, by which time it occupied 22 acres. Carlsberg tried to redeploy some staff throughout the group but 179 staff did lose their jobs.
Beers.
The highest selling Tetley product is Smoothflow, a nitrogenated 3.6% ABV ale served at 8 degrees Celsius. It is available in kegs and cans with a widget. It is sold overseas as Tetley's English Ale. The same beer, but without the widget, is sold in cans as Tetley's Original.
Tetley's Cask (3.7% ABV) is the original cask conditioned version of the product. Carlsberg recommend always using a sparkler when serving the product. It is brewed under contract for Tetley by Marston's Park Brewery in Wolverhampton, using the Yorkshire square method, and a dual-strain yeast.
Carlsberg brew the Tetley's Mild (3.2% ABV) in both light and dark forms.
Imperial - Originally created for the Teesside market, and at one point was advertised as "Teesside's favourite pint". It was launched nationally as a premium 4.3% cask ale in 2002. It used three separate yeasts and had eight months of development, but the variant has since been withdrawn. It continues as a pasteurised ale in kegs.
About 24,000 hectolitres of Tetley's Milds and Imperial were sold in 2010.
Advertising.
Tetley's advertising suffered during the 1980s when its television advertisements focussed too heavily on a folksy, old fashioned idea of Yorkshire life. From 1999 - 2006 Tetley used "Smoothly Does It" as its slogan. In 2006 the slogan became 'Don't Do Things By Halves'. Following a break for a number of years from television advertising, Tetley returned to the screens in October 2010 as a sponsor of evening programming on ITV4.
In 1920, the huntsman logo was introduced. In 2000 Tetley's dropped its traditional huntsman logo, due to growing anti-hunt feelings in the UK, but in 2010 the image was revived.
Sponsorship.
Along with John Player, Tetley became rugby league football's first ever sponsors for the 1971-72 season. For many years Tetley sponsored Leeds RLFC; they then sponsored their successor Leeds Rhinos from their formation until 2005. Tetley's also sponsored the Rugby League Super League from 2000 until 2004. Tetley's remain a major sponsor at Leeds Rhinos and are the official beer of most Super League clubs. Tetley's also sponsor the stadium of Dewsbury Rams which under a sponsorship deal is known as the Tetley's Stadium.
Tetley will also sponsor rugby league's longest running competition, the Challenge Cup for the 2013-2014 seasons.
Other forms of advertising.
An early form of advertising occurred in 1911 when Tetley challenged escape artist Harry Houdini to escape from a padlocked metal cask of ale. Houdini accepted this challenge; however, it proved too much for him and he had to be rescued from the cask.
Tetley's make use of billboards for a lot of their advertising, particularly across Leeds. Hoardings at the side of sports pitches are used, and such have often been rented at Elland Road and the Headingley Carnegie Stadium (both on the Leeds Rhinos side and the Yorkshire County Cricket Club side.
Closure.
On 5 November 2008, Carlsberg UK announced they intended to close the plant in 2011, moving production to Northampton, owing to the falling demand for beer and lager products in the UK. The move was first reported on BBC Radio Leeds. The company was criticised for choosing to announce the closure the day after Barack Obama was elected US president to ensure the news would not get any significant coverage in the British national press, leaving only Look North the "Yorkshire Evening Post", Calendar and BBC Radio Leeds to cover it locally.

</doc>
<doc id="19390203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390203" title="Angelika Bahmann">
Angelika Bahmann

Angelika Bahmann (born 1 April 1952 in Plauen) is a former East German slalom canoeist who competed in the 1970s. She won a gold medal in the K-1 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Bahmann also won six medals in the at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with three golds (K-1: 1971, 1977; K-1 team: 1971), two silvers (K-1 team: 1975, 1977) and a bronze (K-1: 1975).
Bahmann's son, Christian, competed in slalom canoeing for Germany in the late 1990s and 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="19390205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390205" title="35E">
35E

35E may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19390210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390210" title="Biomedical Tissue Services">
Biomedical Tissue Services

Biomedical Tissue Services (BTS) was a Fort Lee, New Jersey-based human tissue recovery firm that was shut down by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on October 8, 2005, after its president, Dr. Michael Mastromarino, and two other employees were convicted of illegally harvesting human bones, organs, tissue and other cadaver parts from individuals awaiting cremation, for forging numerous consent forms, and for selling the illegally obtained body parts to medical companies without consent of their families.
History.
In late 2005, the New York City Police Department investigated Michael Mastromarino and his company BTS for allegedly selling stolen human body parts. The probe was first reported by the "New York Daily News" in October 2005, and led to a number of exhumations, including one of a Queens, New York, woman who had had many of her bones removed and replaced with PVC piping, which is a typical industry practice for cosmetic reconstruction of tissue donors. According to government witnesses, BTS sought business relationships with a number of funeral homes in New York and Pennsylvania solely to obtain access to recently deceased people, often paying the funeral homes $1,000 or more per corpse. In nearly every case, BTS employees obtained human allograft tissue, bones, ligaments and other cadaver material by forging family consent and other donor forms without actual authorized consent, and often against the written wishes of families. BTS employees engaged in highly irregular and unsafe practices, such as allowing cadavers to deteriorate before collecting tissue and parts, not testing donor material for diseases such as HIV/AIDS, and even accepting cancerous and other diseased cadavers for harvesting and selling. Under federal regulatory guidelines for the proper care and management of donated human tissue, firms are required to "screen and test donors for relevant communicable disease agents and diseases and to ensure that HCT/Ps are processed in a way that prevents communicable disease contamination and cross-contamination."
To conceal their practices, BTS employees forged a variety of the necessary certificates and even, as in the case of an exhumed Queens woman, replaced bone with PVC piping to fool family members of the deceased. Of the numerous companies who purchased the illegally obtained body parts, or tissue, none had ever contacted the family member listed on the deceased consent forms to verify the consent, or even that the consenting person listed actually existed. The BTS scandal became international news after it was determined that the remains of the deceased broadcaster Alistair Cooke, were among those that had been violated and sold in New York.
In February 2006, Michael Mastromarino, then a 42-year-old former New Jersey-based oral surgeon and CEO and executive director of operations of BTS, was convicted along with three employees of wrongdoing and sentenced to prison terms. Mastromarino and Lee Cruceta, one of the convicted employees, agreed to a deal that resulted in their imprisonment. Mastromarino was sentenced on June 27, 2008 in the Supreme Court in Brooklyn, New York, to between 18 to 54 years in prison.
Director Toby Dye made the documentary "Body Snatcher of New York" about this case in 2010.
On September 4, 2008, defense attorneys for human graft tissue distributors asked U.S. District Judge William J. Martini to dismiss hundreds of charges, asserting that the companies "never knew the body parts were illegally obtained, and they say there is no evidence the transplanted tissue made anyone ill."
According to the FDA, all tissue products collected and distributed by BTS were recalled and will be monitored for a complete accounting of all graft material. BTS sold its products to five companies; two of the companies were Life Cell Corporation, of New Jersey, and Regeneration Technologies, of Florida. Overall, about 10,000 patients in the U.S. and Canada received graft tissue from BTS.
BTS was not an accredited member, nor did the company ever apply to be a member, of the American Association of Tissue Banks. Robert Rigney, who heads the association, said he doubts anyone who received tissue donations originating from the company is in any kind of health danger, because the processors the company dealt with would have subjected the tissues to their own screening processes.
However, transplant patient Betty Pfaff was one person who suffered severe infection, septic shock, underwent dialysis and ultimately paralysis due to having received an implant made from infected cadaver tissue from Mastromarino's company. Although a recent judicial ruling has increased the difficulty of patients in proving pain and suffering from receiving bad donor tissue in cases like these, Pfaff’s lawsuit is still pending.
Other patients who received BTS-derived tissue and body parts include a Colorado woman who had to repeat her ACL replacement surgery after her first BTS tendon failed, an Ohio woman who developed syphilis after receiving a bone from BTS, and an Ohio man who developed both HIV and hepatitis C after receiving BTS bone implants in surgery.
On January 8, 2010, Michael Mastromarino's now ex-wife Barbra Mastromarino appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" in a segment "Husbands' Secret Lives" and discussed the effect of the actions on her life and their sons' lives. After confronting his father about the reasons for his crimes while Dr. Mastromarino was incarcerated at Rikers Island, their older son subsequently refused to speak to his father. During the broadcast, Barbra Mastromarino also listened to and apologized to the daughter of a victim of her husband's crimes, while mentioning she had no knowledge of her husband's illegal acts. Mrs. Mastromarino acknowledged ignoring warning signs about the character of her ex-husband early in their relationship.
On the morning of July 7, 2013, Michael Mastromarino died at St. Luke's Hospital after suffering from bone cancer. He was 49.

</doc>
<doc id="19390223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390223" title="Platytropius siamensis">
Platytropius siamensis

Platytropius siamensis is a species of schilbid catfish (order Siluriformes) family Schilbeidae. It originated from the Chao Phraya River in Thailand. It inhabited lower to middle reaches, mainstreams, tributaries, and larger marshlands. The species has been declared extinct in 2011 by the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, because despite periodic surveys it has not been encountered since 1975–1977.
"P. siamensis" was carnivorous, feeding on insects and shrimps. This species was oviparous and eggs were unguarded. It could grow to a length of 20.0 cm (7.9 in) TL.

</doc>
<doc id="19390230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390230" title="Mike Kernell">
Mike Kernell

Mike Kernell (born December 20, 1951, in Memphis, Tennessee) is a former member of the Tennessee House of Representatives, 1975-2012. Kernell is married with two children.
Kernell, a Democrat, was first elected to the 89th Tennessee General Assembly in 1974; he lives in Memphis and represented the 93rd district (a portion of Shelby County). He is Vice Chair of the Government Operations Committee and was a member of the Conservation and Environment Committee,the Parks and Tourism and Wildlife Subcommittee.
Kernell opposed 2004 cutbacks to TennCare, which he criticized for moving the burden of paying for medical care received by the uninsured to local taxpayers.
In October 2008, Kernell's son David was indicted by a Tennessee grand jury in connection with the unauthorized access of Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin's Yahoo! Mail account. David Kernell entered a plea of not guilty, and Mike Kernell has denied knowing anything about the incident. David Kernell was convicted April 30, 2010 on two charges after four days of jury deliberation. He was found guilty of anticipatory obstruction of justice and unauthorized access to a computer, but was acquitted on a charge of wire fraud. 
Re-election.
In the November 4, 2008 elections, Kernell defeated Republican candidate and former Homeland Security agent Tim Cook.
Cook was again the Republican nominee in 2010, and Kernell again defeated him, with 6,478 votes to Cook's 4,518.
Kernell's district was redrawn in 2012 by the Republican-controlled legislature, pitting him against fellow Democratic incumbent Goffrey Hardaway in the August 2012 Democratic primary. Kernell lost to Hardaway, ending his 38-year tenure.

</doc>
<doc id="19390255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390255" title="Revolution of the 44">
Revolution of the 44

The Revolution of the 44 or Revolución de los 44 refers to a group of Guatemalan rebels, known as the "44" who rebelled against the government of the general Carlos Ezeta in 1894 in El Salvador. They took the city of Santa Ana. and forced the authorities and the president out.
Background.
Carlos Ezeta became president of the country in 1891 after a treason. He had been under the orders of the general Francisco Menéndez Valdivieso from the presidential administration of 1887. Taking advantage of a celebration from a past military victory, on 22 June 1890, the loyal troops of Ezeta by surprise took the residence of the president where the celebrations were followed. There they proclaimed to the public that they had usurped power, during which Francisco Menéndez suffered a heart attack.
Revolution.
Ezeta became president officially on March 1 of 1891. With his brother, Antonio, he directed a government from the quarter of the Second Brigade of Infantry. In the year 1894, the rejection to his government increased and numerous conspirators who were known to desire to uproot the government were persecuted. While many fled to Guatemala, on April 29 of that year, 44 rebels led by Doroteo Caballero came across the border from that country to Santa Ana. There they took the quarter and they demanded the surrender of the troops. The government was reorganized to put down the rebellion. Antonio Ezeta retreated to Coatepeque, where he requested reinforcements to be send into Santa Ana. Although there was disagreement and disorganization over the control of the city, many guards were known to be sympathetic to the attacks. However, in spite of a new siege of the official troops and bloody attacks, the rebel forces managed to stay firm until May without Ezeta's men defeating them. However on May 16, official troops eventually overcame the rebels, largely helped by General Escobar who restored order to the situation.
Flight of Ezeta.
On day 21, the event debilitated the governors elsewhere. The Ezeta brothers travelled to Chalatenango. New victories in the Malakoff hill and “Las Marias” on day 24 saw a rebel counter-attack. Antonio Ezeta later left for Coatepeque, and the rebels moved into Opico, near the capital, under the orders of the generals Tomás Regalado and Salvador Avila and the colonel Emilio Calderón.
As this new force proved too powerful, the Ezeta brothers were forced to flee the country in exile by water. Provisional president Rafael Antonio Gutierrez entered the capital on 29 July 1894. Later, General Tomás Regalado who was instrumental in the downfall of Ezeta's regime became President of El Salvador from 1898 to 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="19390266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390266" title="Norton le Moors">
Norton le Moors

The ecclesiastical parish of Norton le Moors is located in the north-east of the city of Stoke-On-Trent, in the county of Staffordshire. The majority of the parish is in the city however some lies in the Staffordshire Moorlands district. Approximately 3.4 miles (5.5 km) north of Hanley, one of six major towns that joined together to form the city of Stoke-on-Trent in 1910. Norton le Moors borders Ball Green in the north, Stockton Brook in the east, Milton in the south, and Bradeley in the west, making it one of a number of small villages in the Stoke area.
History.
The civil parish of Norton le Moors was established in 1837 until it was abolished in 1965 and incorporated into the parishes of Bagnall, Brown Edge and Stoke-on-Trent. Two years later Norton Parish Council obtained permission to change its name to Brown Edge Parish Council. Norton le Moors appears in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Nortone, meaning North town. At the time of the Domesday Survey the village was held by Robert de Stafford. During the Middle Ages the area developed due to its location on the road from Leek to Burslem, later turned turnpiked as the Leek to Newcastle road.
Population.
As of 2001, the population for the ward of Norton and Bradeley stood at 11,157 however the population for Norton le Moors itself has significantly changed over time. The UK National Census revealed that in 1801, the total population for the parish was 1480 and up until 1891 the population continued to increase. In 1901 the population of the parish had dropped from 9919 in 1891 to 4600, a drop of 5319 people. The population started to increase again for the next 20 years until there was a decline in 1931. Since then the population has been steadily increasing.
Figures from the 2001 census show that the ward for Norton and Bradeley have 38.89% of economically active between the ages of 16–74 in full-time employment, 10.83% in part-time employment and 17.37% are retired.
Occupations.
Statistics from the 1881 census data shows that the vast majority of employment and industry was in various mineral substances, which mainly employed men, however women were also employed although in small numbers. Although occupation figures for women were mainly unknown in 1881, the top occupation was in the domestic service or offices sector.
Church of St Bartholomew.
Norton le Moors' most noticeable landmark is the Church of St Bartholomew situated on Norton Lane. Built in 1737 (although significantly rebuilt in 1915,) the brick and stone parish church was built by Richard Trubshaw. The church of 1737 forms the western end of the present building. The building was doubled in size when the eastern half was added in 1915. To this day it remains as one of the oldest surviving buildings in the Staffordshire Potteries. The church's location perched on top of a hill makes for expansive views out towards neighbouring areas such as Smallthorne and Burslem to the west as well as views to the Staffordshire Moorlands in the south and the Peak District beyond to the east making for an attractive location.
Education.
Location in the north of Stoke-on-Trent Holden Lane High School has a catchment from the neighbourhoods of Norton-le-Moors, Sneyd Green, Milton, Baddeley Green and Ball Green. Established in 1963 to accommodate 450 pupils the school has enlarged and established over the years and now accommodates over 1200 pupils aged 11–16.
Transport.
Norton le Moors is accessible through a range of lanes such as Norton Lane, Endon Road and Knypersley Road. The main road that runs parallel to the village is Leek New Road (A53) which leads to Newcastle-under-Lyme and Leek.
The closest railway station to Norton le Moors is Longport railway station which is approximately 2.5miles west from the centre of Norton le Moors.
Sport.
The local Football League team is Port Vale F.C. but a minority support their arch rivals Stoke City who got promoted to the Premier League in 2008 and have remained in the top division for the last few years. The area is represented in non-league football by Norton United F.C., although the club's ground is in fact located in the neighbouring suburb of Smallthorne.

</doc>
<doc id="19390268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390268" title="2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony">
2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony

The 2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony was held at the Beijing National Stadium, also known as the "Bird's Nest". It began at 8:00 pm China Standard Time (UTC+8) on August 8, 2008, as the number 8 is considered to be auspicious. The number 8 is associated with prosperity and confidence in Chinese culture. The artistic part of the ceremony comprised two parts titled "Brilliant Civilization" and "Glorious Era" respectively. The first part highlighted the Chinese civilization and the second part exhibited modern China and its dream of harmony between the people of the world. The stadium was full to its 91,000 capacity according to organizers.
The ceremony was directed by Chinese filmmaker Zhang Yimou, who was the chief director and was assisted by Chinese choreographers Zhang Jigang and Chen Weiya. The director of music for the ceremony was composer Chen Qigang. It was noted for its focus on ancient Chinese culture, and for its creativity, as well as being the first to use weather modification technology to prevent rainfall. The final ascent to the torch featured Olympic gymnast Li Ning, who appeared to run through air around the membrane of the stadium. Featuring more than 14,000 performers, the ceremony lasted over four hours and was reported to have cost over US$100 million to produce. The opening ceremony was lauded by spectators and various international presses as spectacular and spellbinding and by many accounts "the greatest ever".
Attending heads of state.
More than 100 heads of state, heads of government and sovereigns attended the opening ceremony. The number of heads of state who attended the opening ceremony was by far the largest in Olympic history.
Sequence of events.
Welcoming ceremony.
The opening ceremony proper began with a contemporary drum sequence by 2,008 Fou drummers. The LED-embedded Fou drums and their glowing drumsticks were lit up by the drummers. In formation, the drummers lit their drums to form giant digits (in both Arabic and Chinese numerals) to countdown the final seconds to the Games and herald the start of the opening time of 8:08:08 p.m. local time as number 8 is the lucky number in Chinese culture or (20:08 hrs)- the year referencing the games, in continuation of the 8/08/08 opening date.
A trail of 29 fireworks, one of the great inventions of China, in the shape of footprints were let off marching along Beijing city's central axis into the national stadium. The firework footprints were set off at the rate of 1 every second, each represented one of the 29 Olympiads, signifying the Beijing Olympics as the XXIX Olympiad of the modern era.
Next, twenty "fairies" (Buddhist apsaras of the Mogao Caves) were suspended in midair as they hovered near giant Olympic rings which seemed to float in the stadium, each holding 45,000 beads. The Olympics rings were then lifted up high vertically to show the complete Olympics emblem.
Attention was then turned to 56 young children representing the 56 ethnic groups of modern China, and donning respective costumes. They marched in the flag of the People's Republic of China as a young girl in red, 9-year-old Lin Miaoke (林妙可 "Lín Miàokě"), was seen performing "Ode to the Motherland", while miming to the voice of Yang Peiyi. Only one-third of "Ode to the Motherland" was sung to save time. The flag of the People's Republic of China was then handed over to eight well-dressed People's Liberation Army soldiers who carried the flag in a slow, goose-stepping march over to the flag podium and the Chinese national anthem March of the Volunteers was sung by a 224-member choir while the flag was raised.
Artistic section.
At the prelude to the section, "Beautiful Olympics", a short film was screened depicting the making of paper, another of the Four Great Inventions, ending with a rolled up scroll painting to set the stage for the next segment. Ceramics, porcelain vessels and other Chinese fine arts artifacts were beamed on a giant LED scroll, representing the first of the Four Great Inventions of China, paper, and displaying animated graphics, slowly unfurling. At its center was a piece of white canvas paper, which then ushered in a performance of black-costumed dancers whose hands hid brushes that had been dipped in ink. They performed a dance while leaving their trails on the block of white paper, reminiscent of Chinese ink and wash painting. This was accompanied by the sounds of the guqin, China's ancient 7-string zither, as played by Chen Leiji (S: 陈雷激, T: 陳雷激, P: "Chén Léijī"). The LED scroll then showed an old, rare painting by Wang Ximeng.
The giant scroll was then moved aside to show a fluid array 897 movable type blocks that formed three variations of the character 和 ("Hé "harmony""), representing the third great Chinese invention: the movable type press. The character was shown, consecutively, in Bronze inscription, Seal script and Kai Script (Modern Chinese Script). Performers in Zhou-era clothing representing the "3000 Disciples of Confucius", carrying bamboo slips, recited excerpts from the "Analects": "Isn't it great to have friends coming from afar?" and "All men are brothers within the Four Seas." The blocks changed into a small version of the Great Wall, which then sprouted plum blossoms, the Chinese symbol for openness. At the end of the sequence the tops of the movable type blocks came off to reveal 897 performers, who waved vigorously to the crowds, indicating that the individual pieces of type block were not computer controlled and synchronized, but rather the combined efforts of 897 perfectly in sync performers.
The next segment saw ancient terracotta soldiers and Chinese opera, followed by a Beijing opera puppetry performance. The "Wusheng" type of Beijing opera performers was also enacted.
Next, a female dancer dressed in Tang-era clothing entered, suspended by a rectangular extension held by hundreds of performers. On the giant LED screen was a depiction of the ancient Silk Road. This was followed by a procession of men, in blue costumes, who with huge oars formed formations of junks, symbolizing the expeditions of Zheng He. A performer holding another great Chinese invention, the compass, in its ancient form a metal spoon floating in a fluid suspensible vessel, danced in the center of the giant LED scroll that showed images of sailing junks and maps of Zheng He's seven voyages.
The next segment featured Kunqu, one of the oldest extant Chinese operas, with two opera artists, a man singing and a woman accompanying on a guzheng. Another male performer then painted on the scroll painting with a Chinese brush in front of several guzheng players. The giant LED scroll expanded and showed several beautiful classic paintings in succession. At this point, two rows of huge royal dragon pillars called "huabiao" (S: 华表, T: 華表, P: "Huábiǎo") emerged and stretched skyward, with the performers dancing to the ancient tune "Chūnjiāng Huā Yuèyè" (春江花月夜), as pink and orange fireworks were set off overhead.
Then followed the modern segment where pianist Lang Lang and five-year-old Li Muzi performed a melody from the "Yellow River Cantata". Around the pianists a sea of rainbow-coloured luminescent performers swayed in wave-like unison to suggest the flow of the Yellow River. The illuminated performers, symbolizing modern-day China, then arranged themselves in the shape of the Dove of Peace, which wings were then set into motion as the performers moved about. They formed the bird's nest shape of the Beijing National Stadium. When a young girl flew a kite – also a Chinese invention – above them in mid-air, the performers' lights flickered in an intricate pattern.
A "Tàijíquán" performance by 2,008 masters showed the fluid movements achieved when in harmony with nature. They demonstrated martial arts while combining to form geometric mass human formations. A skit was shown with schoolchildren drawing and coloring on the paper scroll and chanting poetry. These were the same children representing the 56 ethnic groups of China. They symbolized a Green Olympics (to protect the world). As their sequence drew to an end, the giant white paper was lifted vertically to reveal a drawing of mountains and waters with a smiling face as the sun. Then, there was a light presentation showing brightly coloured flying birds, symbolizing the rebirth of the phoenix and the bird-nest stadium itself.
The next segment was a celestial show and the arrival of astronauts symbolizing Chinese space exploration, with a gigantic, 60-foot, 16-tonned ball structure representing the earth. 58 acrobats tumbled rightside up, sideways or upside down on its surface, which was then transformed into a giant glowing Chinese lantern.
Chinese singer Liu Huan and British singer Sarah Brightman stood on the central platform and sang the 2008 Olympic theme song: "You and Me".
2,008 performers then held out parasols with smiling faces of young children. This was followed by red and orange fireworks in the form of smiley faces. The representatives from the 56 ethnic groups danced a vigorous folk dance.
Parade of nations.
The athletes taking part in the 29th Olympiad parade of nations marched out to the centre of the Stadium.
In accordance with Olympic tradition, the national team of Greece, which hosted the last Summer Olympics, in Athens, entered first, in honor of Greece's status as the birthplace of the Olympics; while the host country came last. Traditionally nations are ordered in alphabetic order of the national language of the host country (or if there is more than one, the more dominant of the languages of the host city); as Chinese writing is not alphabetic, the teams paraded by stroke order of the first character of their respective countries' names in Simplified Chinese.
Countries with the same number of strokes in the first character are sorted by the order of the five basic strokes in Chinese characters (一,丨,丿,丶 and 乙). If the name two or more countries has the same first character, then they are ordered according to the stroke order of the second character. For example, Latvia (), Great Britain (), and British Virgin Islands () were the 114th,115th and 116th to enter respectively while the first characters of their names are all 8 strokes. However, the strokes order of Latvia's first character (拉) is 一丨一丶一丶丿一 while that of Great Britain is 一丨丨丨乙一丿丶. Latvia's 3rd stroke (一) is before that of Great Britain (丨), which gave Latvia precedence to Great Britain. Great Britain and the British Virgin Islands share the same first character, 英. However the second one in Great Britain's name is 国, which has 8 strokes, while the second in British Virgin Islands is 属, which has 12 strokes. Thus Great Britain entered before British Virgin Islands. Guinea () was the second country to enter following Greece as it only takes two strokes to write the first character in the country's name (几). Australia () marched 202nd, just ahead of Zambia (), which was the last country to march before China. The first characters of these countries' names ( and ) are written with 15 and 16 strokes respectively.
Announcers in the stadium read off the names of the marching nations in French, English (the official languages of the Olympics), and Standard Chinese with music accompanying the athletes as they marched into the stadium. The leading signs of delegations, carried by young Chinese women in red dresses, had their names printed in these three languages: the Chinese version in traditional Chinese calligraphy; and above it in the other two languages, using a Roman alphabetic typeface that mimicked brush calligraphy. Chinese names of most states were condensed to their short form when possible. For example, Bosnia and Herzegovina (波斯尼亚和黑塞哥维那) entered as 波黑 "Bohei" in Chinese, while Saudi Arabia (沙特阿拉伯) entered as simply 沙特 "Shate". The exception was the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, which entered in Chinese as its full designation (前南斯拉夫马其顿共和国) because of the Macedonia naming dispute. China entered as "People's Republic of China/République populaire de Chine" in English and French, but simply as 中国 "Zhongguo" in Chinese, the most common short name.
The athletes marched along the tracks toward the center of the stadium, which was encircled by white-capped Chinese cheerleaders welcoming each contingent. As they did so, they would step on colored ink before treading on the Chinese painting done earlier by the children and the performance artists.
Throughout the entire Parade of Nations, the Olympic athletes were treated to live traditional music ensembles, hand-picked by the Chinese Olympic committee from around the world. Each ensemble represented a continent from the five Olympic rings. The groups included Chinese orchestra, Scottish bagpipers (Fintry Pipe Band), Aboriginal musicians and dancers from Australia (William Barton), South African drummers (Drum Cafe), and North American mariachi group Mariachi Mujer 2000.
Unlike in previous years, North and South Korea did not send a unified team; their athletes marched in separately as Republic of Korea (South Korea, ) and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea, ). Taiwan marched under the name "Chinese Taipei" () per a 1989 agreement – and the Chinese media has seemed to follow suit, referring to Taiwan as "Zhonghua Taibei" ().
The Chinese contingent, which was last, was led by Yao Ming and Lin Hao, the 9-year-old primary school student who had rescued two schoolmates during the 2008 Sichuan Earthquake.
Speeches by the Presidents.
Liu Qi, the head of the Beijing Olympic Organizing Committee, gave a speech in Mandarin welcoming the athletes. His Excellency Count Rogge, the President of the International Olympic Committee, followed with a speech in English, praising the Chinese for their warm reception and effort. The Count urged the athletes to "have fun" and to reject doping and performance enhancement drugs. This reminder was reiterated in French. Afterward, Hu Jintao, the President of the People's Republic of China, formally announced the opening of the 2008 Summer Olympics by speaking in Mandarin: 
Afterward, the Olympic flag was carried in by eight former athletes from China. They were:
They then passed on the flag to the soldiers of the People's Liberation Army (the PLA) and the Olympic anthem played while the flag was being raised. A multinational chorus of 80 children sang the Olympic Anthem in Greek. Chinese table tennis champion Zhang Yining and arbiter Huang Liping took the Olympic oath, representing athletes and officials respectively.
There was a short dance presentation, followed by bright yellow fireworks – representing the release of doves of peace.
Torch relay and the lighting of the flame cauldron.
At this point, the Olympic flame entered the stadium as a continuation of the Beijing relay leg from the outside. The Olympic torch was relayed around the stadium by 7 athletes, and was finally passed on to Li Ning, the former Olympic gymnast champion, the 8th and final athlete.
The eight athletes were, in order:
Li Ning, who was suspended by wires, then appeared to run horizontally along the walls of the stadium through to the Olympic cauldron, which at this moment was still not shown. As he ran along the upper wall of the stadium, the projection displayed a scroll opening ahead of him, on which was beamed footages of previous torch relays around the world. At the final moment, a spotlight revealed the final resting place of the Olympics flame, which had appeared during the torch run. A colossal torch situated at the top of the stadium was lit by a proportionately large fuse.
A flurry of spectacular fireworks of various colours and shapes, some projecting Olympic rings, others forming hoops, flower outwards, fountain or float down, accompanied the ending of the ceremony. The ceremony ended at 12:09 am, August 9, 2008 CST, which was later than the time originally planned: 11:30 pm, August 8.
Encore.
As the audience started to exit the stadium, singers from Mainland China and Hong Kong came onto the stage to provide music as a way to stall the audience from leaving all at once. Jackie Chan, Karen Mok, Han Hong, and Sun Nan (孙楠) sang the first song, "Stand Up"; while Andy Lau, Nicolas Tse, Joey Yung, Wakin Chau, Wang Feng, and Sun Yue sang the second song, "Cheering for Life". Since the ceremony was already overtime by then, this portion was not televised.
Creative team.
The creative team for the opening and closing ceremonies of the Beijing 2008 Olympic and Paralympic Games consisted of a roster of renowned individuals. The artistic performance of the Opening Ceremony, titled the "Beautiful Olympics", had the internationally acclaimed filmmaker Zhang Yimou as General Director, and Zhang Jigang and Chen Weiya as Deputy General Directors. Its core planning team comprised some of the best artists and technology experts in the world, including Yu Jianping, Lu Jiankang, Cai Guoqiang, Chen Qigang, British stagecraft designer Mark Fisher, Chen Yan, Sha Xiaolang, Japanese designer Eiko Ishioka, Xu Jiahua, Cheng Xiaodong, and Tan Dun.
In 2006, the Beijing Organizing Committee (BOCOG) initially chose American filmmaker Steven Spielberg, Yves Pepin, head of the French entertainment group ECA2, and Sydney Games opening ceremony director Ric Birch as special consultants.
After working in collaboration with Artistic Director Zhang Yimou on his original creative and production proposal to BOCOG, David Zolkwer, Project Director for the Athens 2004 Olympic Games ceremonies was formally commissioned to provide ongoing Creative and Production consultancy for the Opening Ceremony directly to BOCOG along with colleagues Mik Auckland (Technical) and Celia Smith (Production) – all of whom worked for Jack Morton Worldwide at the time.
In February 2008, Spielberg pulled out of his role as advisor in protest over China's alleged continuing support of the Sudanese government and the ongoing violence in the Darfur region. American composer Quincy Jones offered to write a theme tune for the 2008 Beijing Olympics and decided to stay on and contribute to the Beijing Olympics. Chinese filmmaker Ang Lee was also part of the team creating the opening and closing ceremonies of the Games.
Gillian Chung was originally scheduled to be a performer at the opening ceremony, but due to the Edison Chen photo scandal, director Zhang Yimou replaced her and her partner, Charlene Choi (not involved in the photo incident) with PRC C-pop act A-One. A-One was not a part of the performances on August 8.
Incidents and controversies.
Accident during rehearsal.
Liu Yan, one of China’s top classical Chinese dancers, fell from a three-metre high platform during practice on July 27, 2008 and sustained severe spinal injuries. She was paralyzed waist-down after a six-hour operation. Despite her not performing in the ceremony proper, deputy director Zhang Jigang ensured Liu's name was written in the programme as the lead dancer.
In an interview after visiting Liu Yan in the hospital, Director Zhang Yimou said, "I feel sorry for Liu Yan, my heart is full of regrets, I’m deeply sorry. Liu Yan is a heroine. She sacrificed a lot for the Olympics, for me, for the opening ceremony." Shortly after the opening ceremony, in an earlier media interview, Zhang expressed: "I regret many things, many details of this performance, many things I could have done better. For example, there are performers who were injured. I blame myself for that."
Rehearsal leakage.
The South Korean Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS) secretly filmed rehearsals of the opening ceremony and leaked parts of it, violating a prohibition by the Organizing Committee. The video was uploaded at YouTube on July 30, 2008, but was deleted soon after its upload. However, several additional videos have been uploaded by other users. The Organizing Committee investigated the unauthorized filming, and on August 6, 2008, banned SBS cameras inside the stadium during the ceremony as reprisals for the leak.
Girl lip-synching to recording by another singer.
The song "Ode to the Motherland" appeared to be sung by Lin Miaoke at the ceremony, but it emerged she had mimed her performance to a recording by another girl, Yang Peiyi. It was a last minute decision to use lip-synching, following a Politburo member's objection to Lin's voice. International Olympic Committee executive director Gilbert Felli defended the use of a more photogenic double. Although the names of both Lin Miaoke and Yang Peiyi appeared in the programme notes, the vast majority who watched the broadcast did not realise Yang Peiyi's role until several days later when music director Chen Qigang acknowledged it.
Performers at previous Olympic opening ceremonies had occasionally synched to recordings of their own performance, such as the tenor Luciano Pavarotti at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, due to his pancreatic cancer. Then nine-year-old Eleonora Benetti also lip-synched to a previous recording of the Italian National Anthem. The Sydney Symphony Orchestra appeared to perform at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, but the music spectators heard was entirely pre-recorded, with some of the music pre-recorded by the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra.
Computer-simulated fireworks.
Television coverage of the fireworks show which displayed the 29 firework "footprints" outside the stadium was simulated by computer animation. Twenty-nine sets of fireworks in the shape of a footprint did actually go off, but it was decided that it would be difficult and dangerous to get a good shot from helicopters capturing all 29 of the footsteps (which went off every two seconds), so a CGI of 27 of the footprints was made for television broadcasts, and only the last two were filmed live. The 55 seconds of display took the BOCOG a year to choreograph. The substitution of CGI footage was mentioned during the time-delayed U.S. broadcast of the ceremony on NBC by announcers Matt Lauer and Bob Costas.
Children representing minority groups.
On August 15, Wang Wei, the vice president of the BOCOG, confirmed that children who appeared in the opening ceremony in the costumes of the 56 ethnic groups of modern China did not belong to the ethnic minorities their costumes indicated, as described in publicity materials, but instead all or most were members of the majority Han Chinese. Wang said it was "traditional" and not unusual for actors in China to wear different ethnic costumes.
Reception.
Count Rogge, President of the International Olympic Committee, described the ceremony as "spectacular" and an "unforgettable and moving ceremony that celebrated the imagination, originality and energy of the Beijing Games." The Count hailed the Beijing National Stadium as "one of the world's new wonders" and a "fitting setting for an amazing Opening Ceremony." Hein Verbruggen, IOC Member and Chairman of the Coordination Commission for the Games of the XXIX Olympiad, called the ceremony "a night to remember", "a breathtaking culmination of seven years of planning and preparation" and "an unprecedented and grand success" that exceeded all his expectations.
The AFP called it "a spectacular opening ceremony." The BBC and "The Times" concurred by calling it a dazzling and spectacular show in Beijing. The Associated Press praised the show as spectacular with an extravaganza of pageantry and "interlude of fervor and magic" as well as being "spellbinding" and noted the show steered clear of modern politics. The "USA Today" described it as an exhilarating display of China's thousands of years of traditions of art and culture, and the "Art Daily" stated it was a celebration of China's ancient history, along with sumptuous costumes from different imperial dynasties. Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" commented that "the scope, precision and beauty of the production was, you will agree, astonishing." The Spanish media were impressed by the opening ceremony, with Antena 3 describing the ceremony as "an astonishing effort," while Cuatro called it "awesome and impressive." Cadena COPE said it was "the most dramatic Olympic opening ceremony ever." Germany's Deutsche Welle also praised it as a spectacular and a firecracker of a show, and a trip through China's rich history.
Steven Spielberg called the show "an unforgettable spectacle" and "arguably the grandest spectacle of the new millennium." At the end of 2008, the American Film Institute selected the coverage of the 2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony as one of their "Eight Moments of Significance" of the year of 2008, and states: "The opening ceremony, directed and staged by acclaimed Chinese filmmaker Zhang Yimou, marked the most significant live event of the year" and it described the opening ceremony as "staged with breathtaking poetry."
World leaders were also impressed by the opening ceremony. U.S. President George W. Bush described the ceremony as "spectacular and successful". Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair called it "the spectacular to end all spectaculars and probably can never be bettered."
While praise for the opening ceremony was widespread amongst the world's media, the Singaporean newspaper "The Straits Times" described some western media reactions as "cynical" and "hostile". "The Globe and Mail" had a column with title "The iron hand behind the magic show", some questioned the "heavy military theme". "Asia Times", although praising the show as "stunning opening ceremony ... with its panoply of color, painstaking choreography and sweeping portrait of Chinese culture and history" referred to the games as one devoid of "fun" in its article headlined "Awe (but no laughter) in Beijing".
Television.
Estimates of the global television audience varied: "around one billion" (Reuters); "experts estimated ... more than two billion" (Wall Street Journal); "2.3 billion" (MindShare); "Billions ... probably the largest live television audience in history" (Bloomberg); "3 billion" (Sky News); "nearly 4 billion" (Xinhua); "as many as 4 billion" (Washington Post); "estimated 4 billion" (McClatchy). This included an estimated 842 million viewers watching on host Chinese broadcaster China Central Television (CCTV), with polls ranging from 63 and 69 percent of the Chinese viewing population, exceeding that of the 51–58 percent who watch the network's annual Chinese New Year gala.
The BBC reported five million viewers in the United Kingdom, the Seven Network had 7.8 million viewers in Australia, "The Hollywood Reporter" said 4.4 million in France watched the ceremony, the ARD estimated 7.72 million viewers in Germany, while in Italy, RAI had 5.5 million viewers, and in Spain, TVE obtained 4 million viewers. In the United States, the NBC network delayed its telecast by 12 hours for evening primetime viewing, though Americans in markets bordering Canada could watch it on CBC Television, and others watched clips of it earlier on YouTube and other online video websites. Still, it managed to capture an average of 34.2 million viewers and a total of 69.9 million viewers. The ceremony, therefore, became the most watched Olympic Opening Ceremony ever held in a non-U.S. city by American audience, a record previously held by the Lillehammer Games of 1994. It was the biggest television event in the U.S. in 2008 since the Super Bowl, and it also surpassed the ratings for the 2008 Academy Awards ceremony and that year's finale of "American Idol".
In the United States, NBC concluded its broadcast with a message saying that their coverage of the opening ceremony was dedicated in memory of Jim McKay, longtime Olympics broadcaster with rival ABC, who died on June 7. ABC "loaned" McKay to NBC to serve as a special correspondent during their coverage of the Salt Lake City Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19390269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390269" title="Leandro Alves da Cunha">
Leandro Alves da Cunha

Leandro Alvés da Cunha (born November 30, 1980 in Rio de Janeiro) is a forward for
Boavista Sport Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19390338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390338" title="Kjelsås Line">
Kjelsås Line

The Kjelsås Line () is a tramway line running from Storo to Kjelsås in the norther part of Oslo, Norway. The line opened by Oslo Sporveier on 25 September 1934 as an extension of the Grünerløkka–Torshov Line that terminated at Storo. It is served by line 11 and 12 of the Oslo Tramway operated by Oslo Sporvognsdrift. The line was built as a suburban tramway, but has since been transformed to partially run in the streets.
On 21 November 2002 the owner Oslo Sporveier closed the Kjelsås Line—replacing the tram with a feeder bus to save costs of the maintenance of the tramway. The line was reopened on 22 November 2004 after local protests, and a compromise in the city council.

</doc>
<doc id="19390353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390353" title="Ignace Cotolendi">
Ignace Cotolendi

Ignace Cotolendi (23 March 1630 – 16 August 1662) was a French bishop. He was a founding member of the Paris Foreign Missions Society and became a missionary in Asia.
Life.
Born in Brignoles, Var, Cotolendi was recruited by Alexander de Rhodes as secular clergy volunteers to become a missionary in Asia, together with François Pallu and Pierre Lambert de la Motte. They were sent to the Far-East as Apostolic vicars.
In 1660 Ignace Cotolendi was nominated Bishop of Metellopolis, Vicar Apostolic of Nankin, with three regions of northeastern China, Tartary and Korea under his responsibility. He was the first Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nanking.
The three bishops left France (1660–62) to go to their respective missions, and crossed Persia and India on foot, since Portugal would have refused to take non-Padroado missionaries by ship, and the Dutch and the English refused to take Catholic missionaries. Cotolendi left with three missionaries on 3 September 1661. After travelling overland to India, Ignace Cotolendi died near Masulipatam as he was waiting for his passage to Siam.

</doc>
<doc id="19390355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390355" title="Tattvasaṃgraha">
Tattvasaṃgraha

There are two texts in Tibetan Buddhism that bear the name 'Tattvasaṃgraha':

</doc>
<doc id="19390357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390357" title="Edmund O'Connor">
Edmund O'Connor

Edmund O'Connor (November 1848 near Mallow, County Cork, Ireland – July 15, 1898, Binghamton, Broome County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was President pro tempore of the New York State Senate in 1895.
Life.
He came with his parents to the United States when he was three years old, and they settled at Little Falls, New York. After the death of his father in 1862, he began to work at a railroad blacksmith shop, and studied at Little Falls Academy and Delhi Academy from where he graduated in 1868. Then he studied law in the office of Judge Rollin H. Smith in Little Falls, was admitted to the bar in 1870 in Oswego, New York. In 1873, he removed to Binghamton. From 1880 on, he was a trustee of the Binghamton State Asylum
He was a Republican member of the New York State Senate from 1890 to 1895, sitting in the 113th, 114th, 115th, 116th (all four 24th D.), 117th and 118th New York State Legislatures (both 25th D.); and was President pro tempore in 1895.
His brother William O'Connor was a port warden of the Port of New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19390358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390358" title="Dana G. Mead">
Dana G. Mead

Dana George Mead (born 1936) is an American businessman and corporate director. Mead was chairman of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's board of trustees from 2003 through 2010, and serves on the board of directors for the Boys and Girls Clubs of America and Pfizer. 
Mead graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1957 and received his Ph.D in political science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1967. He served in the U.S. Army line armor and airborne units in West Germany and Vietnam between 1957 and 1978. Mead was a White House Fellow for 1970-71, a member of the Domestic Council from 1972–74, and returned to West Point as a professor in 1974-78.
Mead worked at International Paper between 1978-1992 rising to become a boardmember. Mead was chairman and CEO of Tenneco between 1994 and 1999 and was a board member for Cummins (1993–1996), Zurich Financial Services (1997–2006), and Pactiv (1998–2000). He was a chairman for the Business Roundtable (1998–1999) and the National Association of Manufacturers (1994–1995). Mead co-authored "High Standards, Hard Choices: A CEO's Journey of Courage, Risk and Change" published in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19390365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390365" title="Songs for You, Truths for Me">
Songs for You, Truths for Me

Songs for You, Truths for Me is the second album by English singer, songwriter and guitarist James Morrison, released on 26 September 2008. The album was a commercial success in the UK where it entered the album charts at number three and in Ireland where it topped the charts. It has been certified double Platinum by the BPI with over 700,000 sales and has sold more than 1 million of copies worldwide.
Album information.
On 29 September 2008, Morrison's second album entitled "Songs for You, Truths for Me" was released. In the writing process for this album he worked with Dan Wilson, Ryan Tedder, Martin Terefe, Martin Brammer, Chris Braide and Steve Robson. The album also features a duet with Nelly Furtado entitled "Broken Strings", co-written with Fraser T Smith and Nina Woodford. From October 2008 until the end of the year Morrison has toured throughout Europe. When talking about the album at 4Music Presents, Morrison stated that the music had 'moved on' a lot from the first album but that not to the point where fans of his previous album wouldn't be able to 'get it'.
The album was re-released on 16 November 2009, featuring two brand new tracks: "On the Same Side" and "Get to You" (which was the first single of the re-issue of the album and was released on the same day) and a second disc, "The Basement Sessions", with acoustic versions of six of his own songs and a Michael Jackson cover "Man in the Mirror".
Reception.
The album received negative to mixed reviews from the critics.
Chart performance.
"Songs for You, Truths for Me" was released on the 12 September 2008. The album entered the UK Album Chart at number three, being held off the top two spots by new albums from the Kings Of Leon and Will Young. The album was not a huge success initially and dropped out of the top ten after three weeks. The album made a gradual descent down the chart until the release of the second single of the album, "Broken Strings". Following the success of the single, the album steadily rose back up the charts before jumping from number twenty-four back into the top ten, reaching number seven. The album then went to number four and has been certified Platinum by the BPI with over 300,000 sales.
The album was a commercial success in Ireland as well. It entered the Irish Album Chart at number fourteen before dropping off the chart completely after a couple of weeks. Then, following the success of "Broken Strings" the album re-entered the chart at number seventy-three and rose through the charts until it leaped from number fourteen to number one, giving "Songs for You, Truths for Me" its first number one chart placing where it stayed for one week.
The album came back to the Top 10 Albums on the UK Albums Chart, as of 30 August, which gave the album big sales again, eventually selling over 750,000 copies in UK alone.
Track listing.
Deluxe edition CD+DVD.
A deluxe edition of the album was released with an additional DVD on 24 November 2008.
2-disc deluxe edition.
Another deluxe edition of the album was released on 16 November 2009, with two new songs on disc one, and a seven track disc with acoustic versions of Morrison songs, and a Michael Jackson cover version.
Personnel.
Main personnel
Additional guitars
Additional bass
Additional drums
Additional keyboards
Additional pianos
Hammond organ
Additional backing vocals
String section
Horn section
Production personnel
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="19390367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390367" title="Michigan Legacy Art Park">
Michigan Legacy Art Park

The Michigan Legacy Art Park is a outdoor sculpture park located near Thompsonville, Michigan, on the grounds of Crystal Mountain Resort. It is open year-round and includes 40 works of art and of hiking trails.
The Michigan Legacy Art Park was founded in 1995 by artist David Barr. It is a non-profit, 501(c)3 organization. Barr was awarded the Governor’s Michigan Artist Award in 1988. In his acceptance speech, he told the audience of his desire to create a Michigan Art Park – a place where artists could tell the story of our state in and through the fundamental materials of nature. In his assessment of our state at that time, there was something missing – a place that expresses Michigan’s history through the arts. Illustrations or artifacts of that history already existed, but he wanted contemporary artists to bring that history to fresh and vivid life.
Michigan Legacy Art Park inspires awareness, appreciation and passion for Michigan’s history, culture and environment through the arts. The mission is primarily fulfilled through an outdoor sculpture collection that expresses Michigan’s history and extensive educational opportunities.
Artwork.
Michigan Legacy Art Park includes artwork by the following artists:

</doc>
<doc id="19390375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390375" title="2002 Ukrainian Amateur Cup">
2002 Ukrainian Amateur Cup

Some teams, Haray Zhovkva and Mukacheve, started at quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19390384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390384" title="Alson Streeter">
Alson Streeter

Anson Jenness Streeter (January 18, 1823 – November 24, 1901) was an American farmer, miner and politician who was the Union Labor Party nominee in the United States presidential election of 1888. Streeter, alongside his vice presidential running mate Charles E. Cunningham of Arkansas, finished fourth in a field of six in the election, garnering 149,115 votes or 1.31 percent of the nationwide total. 
Streeter was born on January 18, 1823 in Rensselaer County, New York, but spent the majority of his life in New Windsor, Illinois, He attended Knox College in Illinois, and became a miner and farmer. 
Streeter was elected as a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives for the 1873-1874 session from Mercer County.
In 1880 he was the Greenback Party nominee for Governor of Illinois, coming in third in a four-way race. He was elected as a Democrat to the Illinois State Senate for the 1885-1886 and 1887-1888 sessions 
He was married twice, to Deborah Boone Streeter and Susan Menold Streeter. Streeter had three sons and four daughters. He died at his home at New Windsor of diabetes on November 24, 1901 and was interred in New Windsor Cemetery, in Mercer County, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19390446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390446" title="Epapterus">
Epapterus

Epapterus is a genus of driftwood catfishes that occur in South America. There are currently two described species in this genus.

</doc>
<doc id="19390469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390469" title="HD 131040">
HD 131040

HD 131040 is a star in double system in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19390480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390480" title="Ourcq">
Ourcq

The Ourcq ("Urc" in 855) is an river in France, a tributary of the River Marne. Its source is near the village Ronchères, and its course crosses the departments of Aisne, Oise, and Seine-et-Marne. It flows southwest through the towns of Fère-en-Tardenois, La Ferté-Milon, Mareuil-sur-Ourcq, and Crouy-sur-Ourcq, finally flowing into the Marne near Lizy-sur-Ourcq. Napoleon I made use of the river as a water source, and it supplied the city of Paris until Baron Haussmann's rebuilding of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19390482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390482" title="Cora, the Indian Maiden's Song">
Cora, the Indian Maiden's Song

"Cora, The Indian Maiden's Song" ("The Wild Free Wind) is a song written by Shirley Brooks for his burletta, "The Wigwam", sometime before 1847. Alexander Lee composed the music. In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising the wind: "Oh! The wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well." The song's chorus is:
In the 1847 London presentation of "The Wigwam", Mary Keeley played Cora where she received high praise for her rendering of the song.

</doc>
<doc id="19390486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390486" title="WorldMark by Wyndham">
WorldMark by Wyndham

WorldMark by Wyndham (previously Trendwest) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Wyndham Worldwide Corporation which operates as a vacation ownership (similar to a destination club or a timeshare), allowing persons to purchase a real estate interest in one of the Wyndham resorts. It claims to be "the world's third-largest vacation ownership program".

</doc>
<doc id="19390547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390547" title="Gilda Jovine">
Gilda Jovine

Gilda E. Gross Reyes (born on February 10, 1981 in Santo Domingo), commonly known as Gilda Jovine, is a Dominican beauty pageant titleholder, actress and model.
She was born and raised in Santo Domingo to a businessman from Jarabacoa and a businesswoman from Constanza. Jovine was inspired by her grandmother, one of the first dressmakers for Oscar De La Renta. Jovine began modeling at age 15 and has participated in fashion shows in the Dominican Republic, New York City, and Puerto Rico. She has also appeared in magazines, billboards, and catalogs, and has acted in several television commercials.
In 1999, Jovine participated in and won the Miss Latina International pageant held in New York City. The next year, she became Miss Dominican Republic 2000 representing the municipality of Constanza. She represented her country in the Miss Universe 2000 pageant, held in Cyprus, and at Miss World 2000 in London. Jovine typically wears blue pageant dresses. Standing nearly 6 feet, Jovine was among the taller contestants in Miss Dominican Republic 2000.
Jovine graduated from the Barbizon School in New York City and Universidad Iberoamericana in Santo Domingo majoring in Public Relations, but what she loved most was painting. Some of her work has been displayed in New York galleries such as Salon 94 and Art Gotham. 
Jovine married an ex male model in 2003 who major in 1994 as an Industrial Engineer. Together they have two children, a girl and a boy.

</doc>
<doc id="19390574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390574" title="Liosomadoras">
Liosomadoras

Liosomadoras is a genus of driftwood catfishes found in tropical South America.
Species.
There are currently two described species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19390583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390583" title="Cotton Tree Lodge">
Cotton Tree Lodge

Cotton Tree Lodge is a jungle lodge in the Toledo District of Belize. The lodge was built in 2006 and opened January 2007. The property is situated west of the nearest major town, Punta Gorda, between the two Maya villages of Santa Ana and San Felipe, and on the banks of the Moho River.
The lodge is all-inclusive and offers fresh local cuisine, daily tours, and on-the-grounds activities. Tours include Lubaantun, Nim Li Punit, the Garifuna village of Barranco, swimming in Blue Creek Cave, waterfalls, cacao (chocolate) making workshops, tortilla-making workshops, and more. Kayaking, horseback riding, swimming, medicinal plant walks, birding, and mountain biking are available on the grounds. Accommodations include eleven guest cabanas with private bathrooms.
The focus is on ecotourism and the lodge has implemented sustainability efforts throughout the property. Cotton Tree Lodge is off-the-grid and uses solar panels for most of its energy needs. Toilets are composting and waste flows into a self-contained tank which is drained by banana trees. Sustainable Harvest International, a non-profit focuses on sustainable agriculture, and Cotton Tree Lodge have partnered to establish and organic demonstration garden at the lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="19390589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390589" title="Petit Morin">
Petit Morin

The Petit Morin is an river in France, a left tributary of the Marne. Its source is in the commune Val-des-Marais. Its course crosses the departments of Marne, Aisne and Seine-et-Marne. It flows westwards through the towns of Montmirail, Villeneuve-sur-Bellot, Saint-Cyr-sur-Morin and Jouarre, finally flowing into the Marne in La Ferté-sous-Jouarre.

</doc>
<doc id="19390614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390614" title="African Sanctus">
African Sanctus

African Sanctus is a 1972 choral Mass and is the best-known work of British composer and ethnomusicologist David Fanshawe.
In "African Sanctus" the Latin Mass is juxtaposed with live recordings of traditional African music, which the composer had recorded himself between 1969 to 1975 during a journey up the Nile, from the Mediterranean Sea to Lake Victoria. The work consists of 13 movements and follows the journey of the composer through Africa. The recordings are from Egypt, the Sudan, Uganda and Kenya.
A key moment in the conception of "African Sanctus" came at the beginning of Fanshawe's 1969 journey, in Egypt. Sitting in a Christian church he heard the muezzin of a nearby mosque calling the faithful to prayer, and imagined this beautiful sound in counterpoint with Western choral harmony. Originally entitled "African Revelations", "African Sanctus" was first performed in London by the Saltarello Choir in July 1972, and was later played on BBC Radio on United Nations Day. 
On Easter Sunday, 1975, a documentary about the making of the work was broadcast on BBC1's "Omnibus" programme. Made by composer and film-maker Herbert Chappell, this charted Fanshawe's progress recording the work in North and East Africa, and coincided with the release of the album. The two men retraced Fanshawe's original journey and tried, largely unsuccessfully, to find the musicians he had recorded on his original trip. The documentary was nominated for the 'Prix Italia'.
Following the publication of the full score in 1977, premiere performances were given in Toronto, Worcester Cathedral in 1978, and the Royal Albert Hall in 1979, which was conducted by Sir David Willcocks. The work has received over a thousand performances, from North America to the Far East, with Fanshawe himself supervising many of the performances, sometimes accompanying the work with a slideshow of the photographs of the musicians he had recorded.
In 1994 Fanshawe composed an additional movement for a new recording of the work, the "Dona Nobis Pacem - A Hymn for World Peace", which completed the "Agnus Dei". Based on this new recording, the BBC commissioned the maker of the 1975 documentary, Herbert Chappell, to make a new programme, "African Sanctus Revisited",
Movements.
The work is composed in 13 movements and reflects geographically the composer’s cross-shaped pilgrimage, from the Mediterranean to Lake Victoria, whereby 'Kyrie' represents Cairo and 'Sanctus' Northern Uganda.
Acholi Bwala dance, North Uganda 
Muezzin from the Muhammad Ali Mosque, Cairo 
Egyptian wedding, Luxor
Islamic prayer school, East Sudan 
Courtship dances, Kiata trumpet dance
Koranic recitations, Marra mountains 
Hadandua cattle boy with Bazenkop harp
Desert bells, East Sudan 
Frogs, Zande refugees of South Sudan 
Dingi Dingi dance, rains & thunder
"Rain Song" by Latigo Oteng, Uganda 
Bunyoro madinda xylophone
Acholi Bwala dance, Uganda 
Lamentation, Lake Kyoga, Uganda
The Offertory (in English) 
Maasai milking song, Kenya
Song of the river, Karamoja, Uganda
Turkana cattle song, Luo ritual burial dance, Kenya 
Hadandua war drums in the desert, Sudan 
Mu'azzin from the Muhammad Ali Mosque, Cairo 
Acholi Bwala dance, North Uganda 
A Hymn for World Peace

</doc>
<doc id="19390660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390660" title="Clem Lewis">
Clem Lewis

Clem Lewis (22 June 1890 – 27 October 1944) was a Welsh international fly-half who played club rugby for Cardiff. Lewis was capped for Wales eleven times either side of World War I, and captained his country on two occasions. Born in Bridgend, Lewis moved to first class team, Cardiff, in 1909 from local club Bridgend. Lewis won two rugby 'blues' for Cambridge and played for invitational team the Barbarians.
International career.
Lewis was first capped for Wales against England in the 1912 Five Nations Championship. The previous season, Wales had won the tournament, but Lewis was one of six new caps in the team who fell at the first hurdle, losing 8-0. Although Lewis did not play in the remainder of the tournament he was back the next year scoring a try and a conversion in his second game against Scotland. After serving in World War I, Lewis rejoined Cardiff and was recalled to the Welsh squad in 1921, and in 1923 captained the national team twice.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19390664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390664" title="Mráz Bonzo">
Mráz Bonzo

__NOTOC__
The Mráz M-3 Bonzo was a light aircraft built in Czechoslovakia in 1948 as a further development in the family of light aircraft that had commenced with the M-1 Sokol. The Bonzo was based on the Sokol airframe, but with a redesigned wing and substantial changes to the fuselage. These included lengthening it to allow for the addition of a fourth seat, reducing the height of the rear fuselage to allow for a new cabin with all-around visibility, and the addition of a semi-retractable nosewheel in place of a tailwheel.
Funding for the construction of two prototypes was not approved by the Department of Transport, but designer Rublič was able to raise the money elsewhere to build one prototype, which flew in April 1948. It was hoped that production could begin in 1950, and the Bonzo was exhibited at the 1949 Paris Air Show. No sales resulted, however, and the prototype was flown for a while by the Institute of Cartography in Bratislava before being handed over for aeroclub use in 1952. 
In 1961, the Bonzo was flown to set a number of national speed records, but was withdrawn from use soon afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="19390669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390669" title="Cy Warmoth">
Cy Warmoth

Wallace Walter "Cy" Warmoth was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of three seasons in the majors. Warmoth debuted in for the St. Louis Cardinals, then returned to the majors six years later for the Washington Senators, for whom he pitched in and .

</doc>
<doc id="19390673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390673" title="Glasgow Media Group">
Glasgow Media Group

The Glasgow Media Group, also known as "Glasgow University Media Group", is a leading group of media researchers based in Glasgow, Scotland, who pioneered the analysis of television news in a series of studies starting in 1976 with "Bad News". They claimed that television news was biased in favour of powerful forces and actors in society and against less powerful groups such as the organised working class.
Background.
The Glasgow University Media Project was formed at The University of Glasgow in 1974. 
The group’s initial research examined UK television coverage of industrial relations in Britain. Video recording of news bulletins on BBC1, BBC2 and ITV began on New Year's Day 1975 and a preliminary report was published in June of that year. Unsurprisingly, the report generated some controversy within media circles. Routledge agreed to publish the complete study in two volumes in 1976 and 1978 under the title "Bad News". Volume 1 was published on 9 September 1976 and produced a furore and a writ for libel over passages from the chapter entitled 'Inside the Television Newsroom'. 
During the 1970s and 1980s further research publications were greeted by the British media with varying degrees of approbation and hostility. Most commentators agreed however, that Glasgow Media Group influence was certainly changing the climate in which British media operated and in May 1982 "Really Bad News" reached number 5 in the Glasgow Evening Times best sellers list.
In 1982 the group began a study, sponsored by the Joseph Rowntree Charitable Trust, which was initially intended to cover reporting of peace and disarmament. However in March, Argentine troops invaded the Falkland Islands and the study was expanded to cover this event. The results of this work were published in September 1985 under the title "War and Peace News" and as expected generated a wide range of opinion. Attacked by the editor of ITN, the book received praise from other writers and researchers and in October the BBC broadcast a program based on the book as part of their BBC2 Open Space series. The BBC censored certain aspects of the program however, in particular, minutes leaked from their own editorial meetings and the resulting publicity lead to the group being described in the Observer as ‘Academic hit men stalking television’s newscasters’. 
From the early 80s until the present the Glasgow Media Group has continued to research and publish on a wide range of media-driven topics (see below). Their current research projects can be seen at [http://www.glasgowmediagroup.org/].
A defence.
Media analyst Adrian Quinn has written a full academic journal article in defence of the work of the group. He summarises his argument as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19390675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390675" title="Orge">
Orge

The Orge is a 53 km long river in France, left tributary of the Seine. Its source is in the village Saint-Martin-de-Bréthencourt. Its course crosses the "départements" of Yvelines and Essonne. It flows northwest through the towns of Dourdan, Saint-Chéron, Breuillet, Arpajon, and Savigny-sur-Orge, finally flowing into the Seine in Athis-Mons, south of Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19390693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390693" title="Google Affiliate Network">
Google Affiliate Network

The Google Affiliate Network was the affiliate marketing company, specifically affiliate network, formerly known as Doubleclick Performics, which was bought by Google in 2007. On April 16, 2013, Google announced the closure of the Google Affiliate Network. 

</doc>
<doc id="19390725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390725" title="Edward Barrett">
Edward Barrett

Edward Barrett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19390729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390729" title="OBT">
OBT

OBT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19390749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390749" title="John Eldridge (sociologist)">
John Eldridge (sociologist)

John Eldridge is a British sociologist known for his writings on Industrial Sociology and on Max Weber as well as for being a founder member of the media analysis research group the Glasgow Media Group. Eldridge is Professor Emeritus at the University of Glasgow and a visiting professor of sociology at the University of Strathclyde He was President of the British Sociological Association 1979-1981.
He gained B Sc (Econ) from the University of London, and an MA from Leicester University.
Publications.
Major books include:

</doc>
<doc id="19390751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390751" title="436 Transport Squadron">
436 Transport Squadron

436 Transport Squadron is a unit of the Canadian Forces under the Royal Canadian Air Force. It currently operates the CC-130J Super Hercules from CFB Trenton in Trenton, Ontario.
History.
436 Transport Squadron was originally a squadron of the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF). The unit was assembled in Gujrat, (then) India on 9 October 1944. Equipped with the C-47 Dakota, 436 Squadron flew its first official mission on 15 January 1945 from Kanglatongbi, Assam, India, when seven Dakotas airlifted 59 tons of supplies for 33 Corps of the Allied 14th Army in Burma. Soon the adopted emblem of the squadron, "Canucks Unlimited," would be seen far and wide in the China-Burma-India (CBI) theatre of operations.
According to news reports of the day, “in the first 18 days after W/C Ralph Gordon's RCAF Dakota transport squadron reached its present aircraft complement, it led all Dakota squadrons in tonnage carried to the Mandalay and Irrawaddy front. …To save time the aircrew on the squadron voted to eat dry rations between sorties instead of using time over a cooked meal….The time for an engine change has been cut from three to two days without a loss of efficiency under the direction of F/L H. Webb, Caledonia, Ont., the engineering officer. “
In April 1945, 436 Squadron was ordered to move its operations from Akyab Island in the Bay of Bengal down the coast to Ramree Island. C-47 KN210 piloted by F.L. Denison was carrying a load of bricks to build ovens to serve the squadron's new home. The weight had been miscalculated and, during the flight, the aircraft could barely maintain altitude. At this point, L.A.C. Art Adams spotted a beached Japanese seaplane. Someone shouted, "Let's get rid of some bricks!"...The door was opened and a couple of low passes were made, during which Art proceeded to throw bricks at the seaplane. No signs of life were seen down below, and it is doubtful whether any damage was actually inflicted. It must, however, be the only case in which bricks were used to bomb the enemy during the war.
Belonging to 229 Group, 436 Squadron was part of a RAF-USAF-RCAF force known as "the Combat Cargo Task Force". On 31 August 1945, following cessation of hostilities, the squadron was relocated to RAF Down Ampney, Glouchestershire in the UK after having logged over 36,000 flight hours and airlifting over 29,000 tons of supplies and 15,000 troops, casualties, and passengers. Although the first Far East Canadian transport squadron to be formed, 436 Squadron was the last to leave for England.
According to a Canadian Press Cable story reporting from London on 20 September 1945, W/C Dick Dennison of Winnipeg, "the squadron in the east flew more than 6,000,000 miles and was known as 'Canucks Unlimited'."
Following ten months of transport work in post-war Europe, the squadron flew home to Canada and was subsequently disbanded on 22 June 1946.
They reformed at RCAF Station Dorval on 1 April 1949, moved to RCAF Station Downsview on 1 July 1956, RCAF Station Uplands in August 1964, and finally to CFB Trenton on 11 August 1971.
Operations.
436 Transport Squadron provides tactical and strategic airlift capabilities for the Canadian Forces. 17 CC-130J Super Hercules aircraft are currently operated by 436 Squadron. Aircraft are Canadian numbered 601–617.
The unit has operated aircraft from Afghanistan, and sent aircraft and personnel to support Operation MOBILE during the 2011 military intervention in Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="19390760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390760" title="Hogmaneigh">
Hogmaneigh

Hogmaneigh is a flat race horse, trained by Stuart Williams and owned by Lucille Bone.
In June 2007 Hogmaneigh won the Vodafone Dash on Derby Day at Epsom and in September 2008 won the Portland Handicap at Doncaster. In 2006 he was favourite for the Ayr Gold Cup, which is the richest handicap in Europe, but finished 13th.
In September 2008 it was well publicised in the British press that Hogmaneigh had feet problem and that Stuart Williams was buying special shoes for him from America, costing ₤150 a pair.
Hogmaneigh has his own website (hogmaneigh.com) which is regularly updated with his latest news, stats and photographs.
Race History.
John Smith's Ayr Gold Cup Ayr 20 Sep 08 6f tbc
Ladbrokes Portland Handicap Doncaster 13 Sep 08 5f 1st
William Hill Great St Wilfrid Stakes Ripon 16 Aug 08 6f 8th
Totesport.com Dash Epsom 7 Jun 08 5f 4th
stanjamesuk.com Heritage Handicap Newmarket 3 May 08 6f 6th
Dubai Duty Free Full Of Surprises Handicap Newbury 18 Apr 08 5f 5th
Prix de l'Abbaye de Longchamp Longchamp 7 Oct 07 5f 17th
The Altium Scarbrough Stakes Doncaster 12 Sep 07 5f 7th
Hong Kong Jockey Club Sprint Stakes Ascot 29 Jul 07 5f 15th
Ladbrokes Rockingham Handicap Curragh 15 Jul 07 5f 4th
Wokingham Stakes Ascot 23 Jun 07 6f 12th
Vodafone Dash Epsom 2 Jun 07 5f 1st
totesport 0800 221 221 Stakes York 17 May 07 5f 3rd
Coral Sprint Trophy York 7 Oct 06 6f 13th
totesport Ayr Gold Cup Ayr 16 Sep 06 6f 13th
Ladbrokes Portland Handicap York 9 Sep 06 5f 3rd
exclusiveprices@bluesquare.com Handicap Sandown 26 Aug 06 5f 1st
Coral Sprint Newmarket 27 May 06 6f 3rd
totescoop6 Handicap Nottingham 20 May 06 6f 1st
Exning Stakes Newmarket 20 Apr 06 6f 8th
Play Instant Win Games At betdirect.co.uk Novice Stakes Lingfield 29 Nov 05 6f 4th
Racing UK Median Auction Maiden Stakes Ayr 29 Sep 05 6f 1st

</doc>
<doc id="19390776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390776" title="Rentrer en Soi (album)">
Rentrer en Soi (album)

Rentrer en Soi is the second album by Japanese rock band Rentrer en Soi. It was released on May 31, 2006 in Japan and on August 28, 2007 in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19390783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390783" title="Valeria Kurylskaya">
Valeria Kurylskaya

Valeria Kurylskaya is a rhythmic gymnast who represented Belarus at both the 2003 and 2005 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19390807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390807" title="Ponente">
Ponente

Poniente (, , , ) is the traditional cardinal point West, more specifically a wind that blows from the west. 
The name is derived from the Latin via Italian for "setting", meaning sunset, and appeared by that name in the traditional compass rose on the Mediterranean Sea nautical charts since the Middle Ages. 
Regional variations include the Catalan "ponent" and the Spanish "poniente", which is the name for the warm and dry westerly breeze that blows across the Atlantic onto the west Mediterranean coast and through the Straits of Gibraltar.
It sometimes appears as Zephyrus, the ancient Greek name, probably derived from "zopho" (meaning dark, gloomy, a reference to the sunset rather than the quality of the wind.) Romans also called it "Favonius", probably meaning "favorable", as the westerly wind in the Mediterranean was regarded as a mild wind that brought relief from the summer heat and some useful moisture for crops.

</doc>
<doc id="19390814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390814" title="Coim Beach">
Coim Beach

Coim Beach ("Praia de Coim") or Coin Rock Beach ("Praia do Penedo de Coim") is a maritime beach of Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal in the civil parish of Aver-o-Mar, located between Esteiro Beach and Quião Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="19390818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390818" title="Chenese Lewis">
Chenese Lewis

Chenese Tharis Lewis born November 14 from Baton Rouge, Louisiana, is an American actress, host, plus-size model, and a positive body image and self-esteem advocate. Lewis was an actress on the first season of the BET series Hell Date and was the first woman crowned Miss Plus America in 2003.
Biography.
Early life.
Lewis was born November 14 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. She is the only child born to Willie D. Lewis and Tharis Lewis. Chenese attended McKinley Senior High School and Louisiana State University.
Career.
Pageant career.
Lewis’s career began in pageantry in 2002 when she stumbled upon a plus size beauty pageant on the internet and entered as Miss Louisiana Plus America. Without any prior pageant experience or formal training she walked away with the national title of Miss Plus America, becoming the first woman to hold the title in 2003. She made history and set the standard of excellence for the organization by being one of the most recognizable and successful queens in the organization. The Miss Plus America Pageant crowned Lewis the title of Miss Plus America Lifetime, a lifetime achievement award, in the form of a never ending reign, for her outstanding work in the area of positive body image.
Television career.
She is best known for her role on the BET television series "Hell Date". She appeared on four episodes, one where she was the lead as the “The Gorgeous Queen Diva Supreme” where she played an overly confident dater.
She has also made several television appearances as herself on shows such "The Insider" and "The Cho Show" and as an expert on Dr. Phil.
Modeling career.
Lewis has modeled for Torrid, appeared in the movie Phat Girlz as a Thick Madame Magazine Model, and appeared on the December 2007 cover of PLUS Model Magazine which coined her "A leader in the curvy revolution!” 
Activism.
Lewis is the Immediate Past President of Hollywood NOW National Organization for Women and also served as the Love Your Body Committee Chairperson for the local chapter. She created and produced a local event for Hollywood NOW to celebrate Love Your Body Day. Her 2010 Love Your Body Campaign, where she posed nude withAmerica’s Next Top Model, Whitney Thompson, garnered international media attention and magnified her role as a leading positive body image advocate.
Lewis is also the spokesperson for the Binge Eating Disorder Association (BEDA). The Binge Eating Disorder Association (BEDA) was founded to help those who have binge eating disorder, their friends and family, and those who treat the disorder. BEDA provides individuals who suffer from binge eating disorder with the recognition and resources they deserve to begin a safe journey toward a healthy recovery. BEDA also serves as a resource for treatment providers to prevent, detect, diagnose, and treat the disorder.

</doc>
<doc id="19390822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390822" title="Metalshow.lv Open Air">
Metalshow.lv Open Air

Metalshow.lv Open Air is a two day rock and metal festival held annually in a field in the small Latvian village of Blome, near Smiltene.
Lineups.
2005.
July 8 - July 9: Disease, Distant Light, Eternal Snowfall, Fimoz, Flaying, Frailty, Human Ground, Huskvarn, Infected, Interment, Manatark, Mutilate Myself, Neglected Fields, Preternatural, Ruination, Sanctimony, Shadow Dance, Skyforger, Subchase, Trendkill Method, Urskumug.
2006.
July 7 - July 8: Adultery, Anti, Catamenia, Collide, Enhet, Fimoz, Flaying, Gatling, Huskvarn, Infected, Manitou, Misery Inc., Nasta, Neglected Fields, Ocularis Infernum, Preternatural, Pungent Stench, Rites of Undeath, Sanctimony, Skyforger, Tabestic Enteron, Trendkill Method, Year Zero, ZX Spectrum.
2007.
July 6 - July 7: Abort of Sucubus, Argharus, Bloodstone, Dark Tranquillity, Disease, Distant Light, Frailty, Gatling, Heaven Grey, Huskvarn, Impaled Nazarene, Infected, Ocularis Infernum, Preternatural, Ravencult, Rūsa, Sanctimony, Tabestic Enteron, Tiamat, Trauma Moralis, Trendkill Method.
2008.
July 11 - July 12: Agnostic Front, Anj, Cradle Of Filth, Cult Of Destruction, Dead Shape Figure, Enhet, Frailty, Heaven Grey, In Mourning, Invasion, Lassie The Cat, Nicticorax, Nihilistikrypt, Ocularis Infernum, Pain, Preternatural, Relicseed, Sandtrout, The Blackout, The Exploited, Thundertale, Trendkill Method, Sinister, Skyforger, Tyr.

</doc>
<doc id="19390823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390823" title="St. Joseph's Higher Secondary School, Cuddalore">
St. Joseph's Higher Secondary School, Cuddalore

St. Joseph's Higher Secondary School is one of the well established schools in Cuddalore, Tamil Nadu.
St. Joseph's High School which was started in 1868. This school was elevated into a college in 1884 through the efforts of Father Tarbes and was affiliated to the University of Madras. The District - Gazetteer, Cuddalore District has recorded that the prime educational institution and the only college in the District in the 19th century was the St. Joseph's College. It once again became a High School in 1909 due to the financial constraints.
Since then there have been several attempts to revitalize the college.The college was reborn as the St. Joseph's College of Arts and Science in 1991. The college was inaugurated on 11 October 1991, at a stately function presided over by Bhishma Narain Singh, the then Governor of Tamil Nadu.
The School bears the Motto Labor omnia vincit, meaning "Hard work conquers all".
History.
St. Joseph's College is a legacy of the 19th century, handed down to us by the venerable fathers of the Society of the Foreign Mission of Paris. Its nucleus was the St. Joseph's High School which was started in 1868 A.D. This School was elevated into a college in 1884 A.D., through the efforts of Father Tarbes and was affiliated to the University of Madras. The District - Gazetteer, South Arcot District has recorded that the prime educational institution and the only college in the District in the 19th century was the St. Joseph's College. It once again became a High School in 1909 due to the financial and other constraints. Since then there have been several attempts to revitalize the college. The dream became a reality when the college was reborn as the St. Joseph's College of Arts and Science in 1991. The college was inaugurated on 11th October 1991, at a stately function presided over by His Excellency Bhishma Narain Singh, the then Governor of Tamil Nadu through the efforts of Rev Fr R Ratchagar, the then secretary of the college. The college obtained Permanent Affiliation on 08.02.2008 the Autonomous status on 09.06.2008 and the reaccreditation status 'A' Grade on 16. 09.2011 by the NAAC under able and stable governance of Rev Fr Dr I Ratchagar, the present secretary of the college. The college obtained Minority Status in 2012 from the Minority Commission. 
Amenities.
Known for its infrastructure, St.Joseph's High School has the following amenities:
The School has some of the best high school lab facilities in the country. The Biology lab and the Chemistry lab is well-equipped and large in size. St. Joseph Higher Secondary School has two computer labs with multimedia projector, scanner and printers, and one internet lab where both students and teachers can explore the Internet.
Extra-curricular Activities.
Sports has been at the forefront of the School ever since its establishment.It is noted for its excellent facilities and strong focus on sports such as football and basketball and placing equal importance on academics. The school has often been referred to as the "Karnal Thottam".
Co-Curricular Activities.
The activities of the school are tailored to give every child the opportunity to become a holistic individual with a balanced view of life and to use their potential to excel in the fields for which he has the aptitude. 
Spirituality is encouraged by imparting faith education through moral science classes from Std I to XII. Social service is encouraged by getting the students to be members of National Cadet Corps, and Red Cross volunteers. The experience of working in the community contributes to the students’ understanding of community issues. A lot of emphasis is given to sports and physical education by organizing training, coaching and competitions between classes, etc. fostering team work and fairness in competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19390828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390828" title="1979 ABC Championship">
1979 ABC Championship

The 1979 Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Men were held in Nagoya, Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19390829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390829" title="Maurice Gourdault-Montagne">
Maurice Gourdault-Montagne

Maurice Gourdault-Montagne CMG, CVO (born on 16 November 1953) is a career diplomat and the current French Ambassador to Germany.
Career.
Mr Gourdault-Montagne joined the French Foreign Ministry in 1978. He served as First Secretary at the French Embassy in New Delhi (1981–83), Counsellor in Bonn (1988–91), then as Spokesman for the French Foreign Ministry (1991–93) and Deputy Private Secretary to the Minister to Foreign Affairs (1993–95). He became Private Secretary and Head of the Prime Minister's Office (1995–97). He served as the Ambassador to Japan (1998–2002) and became Senior Diplomatic Advisor and G8 sherpa to the French President Jacques Chirac (2002–07). He was appointed as French Ambassador to the United Kingdom in 2007 and became Ambassador to Germany on 14. March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19390835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390835" title="Sunshine State Standards">
Sunshine State Standards

The Sunshine State Standards (now called Next Generation Sunshine State Standards or NGSSS) are broad statements that describe the knowledge or ability that a student should be able to demonstrate by the end of every grade level from first through twelfth grade. These standards cover eight content areas: English Language Arts, Mathematics, Science, Social Studies, Physical Education, World Languages, Fine Arts, and Health Education. The standards are subdivided into “benchmarks,” which outline the specific content, knowledge, and skills that students are expected to learn in school. Each student’s performance on Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test (FCAT) Reading, Writing, Mathematics, and Science tests indicates his or her progress in reaching benchmarks for those subjects. End-of-Course Exams, not yet developed, will measure such progress for other subjects. The curriculum of most public schools in the State of Florida and the FCAT are based upon this state system.
Development of the Sunshine State Standards began in 1993, and they were adopted by the Florida Board of Education in May 1996. The Next Generation Sunshine State Standards were approved between 2007 and 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19390851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390851" title="Arumer Zwarte Hoop">
Arumer Zwarte Hoop

The Arumer Zwarte Hoop ("the Black Gang from Arum") was an army of peasant rebels in Friesland fighting the Dutch authorities from 1515 to 1523.
The leader was the farmer Pier Gerlofs Donia, whose farm had been burned down and whose kinfolk had been killed by a marauding Landsknecht regiment. Since the regiment had been employed by the Habsburg authorities to suppress the civil war of the Vetkopers and Schieringers, Donia put the blame on the authorities. After this he gathered angry peasants and some petty noblemen from Frisia and Gelderland and formed the "Arumer Zwarte Hoop".
Under the leadership of Donia (nicknamed "Greate Pier" for his size), they employed guerilla tactics and achieved several victories such as the successful siege of two Hollandic castles and the city of Medemblik. The greatest success however came on sea, where Donia sank 28 Dutch ships, earning him the title "Cross of the Dutchmen".
The rebels also received financial support from Charles II, Duke of Guelders, who claimed the Dutchy of Guelders in opposition to the House of Habsburg. Charles also employed mercenaries under command of his military commander Maarten van Rossum in their support. However, when the tides turned against the rebels after 1520, Charles withdrew his support. When the Duke withdrew his support, the rebels lost their financial support and could no longer afford to pay their mercenary army. At about the same time the Arumer Zwarte Hoop also lost their leader. In 1519, Donia's health deteriorated. He retired to his farm where he died in 1520. He is buried in Sneek in the 15th-century Groote Kerk (also called the Martinikerk).
Donia's lieutenant Wijerd Jelckama took over the command of his armies, which then comprised over 4,000 soldiers. Jelckama also achieved some minor victories, but proved to be a less competent commander and slowly lost men. Jelckama and his soldiers indulged in acts of piracy and sacked many villages in the Frisian lands, losing trust and support of their own people. The fact that Jelckama was less charismatic also cost him: he forged less fruitful alliances and lost more than he made. After a series of defeats, he and the remainder of the Frisian army were captured in 1523. Jelckama and the remaining Frisian and Gelderian rebels were decapitated, putting the rebellion to an end.

</doc>
<doc id="19390852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390852" title="Girls in Love (novel)">
Girls in Love (novel)

Girls in Love is the first book in the Girls series, written by Dame Jacqueline Wilson, DBE, a noted English author who writes fiction for children and young teenagers. It was first published in 1997. The other books in the series are "Girls under Pressure" (1998), "Girls out Late" (1999), and "Girls in Tears" (2002).
Plot summary.
The novel is narrated by Eleanor Allard, a.k.a. Ellie. The book opens with Ellie's Family holiday to Wales where she meets a nerdy boy named Dan, Dan falls for Ellie and asks her out but his feelings are not reciprocated and Ellie turns him down. Ellie arrives back at school after the summer holidays to find her best friend, Nadine, has a new boyfriend named Liam, her other friend, Magda, soon asks a boy named Greg out as well. Feeling left out, Ellie lies to her friends about dating Dan and describes him falsely as cool, handsome and 15 years old. Magda and Ellie begin to worry about the pressure Liam is putting on Nadine about sex, but Nadine dismisses their worries and after a fight begins refuses to speak to them. But eventually she forgives them both.
One night on Magda's birthday the three girls sneak out to a night club called "Seventh Heaven" and it is revealed that Liam was only using Nadine for sex when they meet some other girls that had been Liam's victims. Liam had planned to break up with her after she 'put out' or, had sex with him. At a friend's party Dan turns up unannounced, and Ellie is mortified. Soon the truth about Dan is revealed to Ellie's friends; however, when gatecrashers arrive at the party and cause trouble, Dan intervenes and saves the day. To Ellie's surprise, this impresses Magda and Nadine and causes Ellie to rethink her first impressions of Dan. The book ends with Ellie and Dan's first kiss.
TV drama series.
There is also a TV drama series, "Girls in Love", which is based on Wilson's book. It was produced by Granada Television and aired on ITV.

</doc>
<doc id="19390869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390869" title="Gymnallabes">
Gymnallabes

Gymnallabes is a genus of airbreathing catfishes found in Africa. "Gymnallabes" species are thin and eel-like for burrowing.
Species.
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19390936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390936" title="Germany national speedway team">
Germany national speedway team

The Germany national speedway team are motorcycle speedway national team from Germany. 
2009 Team.
A members of 2009 Teams was approval in March 2009 by Deutscher Motor Sport Bund.

</doc>
<doc id="19390937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390937" title="412 Transport Squadron">
412 Transport Squadron

No. 412 Transport Squadron of the Royal Canadian Air Force is one of three transport squadrons attached to CFB Trenton in Trenton, Ontario. This squadron, however, is based out of Ottawa, Ontario. It had formerly been attached to CFB Ottawa, which closed in 1994. The squadron operates with a strength of about 29 out of the "Pilot Officer John Gillespie Magee, Jr. Annex." "The Annex" officially opened on January 11, 1995.
No. 412 Squadron began as a unit of the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) during the Second World War.
History.
World War 2.
Number 412 (Transport) Squadron was formed in 1949, but traces its history back to two separate squadrons: Number 12 Communications Flight at RCAF Station Ottawa and 412 (Fighter) Squadron, which was formed at RAF Digby, England on June 30, 1941.
John Gillespie Magee, the author of the famous aviation poem, "High Flight", was serving with 412 Squadron when he was killed in a mid-air collision in his Spitfire in 1941.
Number 412 Squadron (squadron code 'VZ') was equipped with the Supermarine Spitfire Vb and served at a number of RAF Stations in the United Kingdom In October 1943, the squadron joined RCAF 126 Wing, part of the RAF Second Tactical Air Force. It was re-equipped with the Supermarine Spitfire IXb in November and began operating over Northern France in preparation for the Operation Overlord, the D-Day landings. It was during late 1943 that the ace George "Screwball" Beurling scored his last air victory while serving with the squadron. 
The squadron was moved to in France in June 1944, only days after the Allied landings and operated on continental Europe for the remainder of the war. The squadron was based at Wunstorf, Germany when the war ended in May 1945.
Post–War.
After the Second World War, Number 12 Communications Flight was re-assigned as 412 Squadron on April 1, 1947, and renamed 412 (Composite) Squadron based at Rockcliffe. In 1955, the 412 moved to Uplands. In the late 1970s a sub-unit was established at CFB Lahr in West Germany. This operation closed in 1993.
In 1994, CFB Ottawa (Uplands) closed and 412's fleet was moved to a civilian hangar at Ottawa International Airport. All aircraft are maintained by Transport Canada on behalf of the Canadian Forces.
Current role.
Today, 412 Squadron provides transport for high level government officials and foreign VIPs while they are in Canada. The squadron uses six CC-144 Challenger business jets.
Aircraft operated.
Aircraft used by 412 include:

</doc>
<doc id="19390949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390949" title="Âu Việt">
Âu Việt

The Âu Việt (Hán tự: 甌越) were a conglomeration of upland tribes living in what is today the mountainous regions of northernmost Vietnam, western Guangdong, and southern Guangxi, China, since at least the 3rd century BC. Its capital was located in what is today the Cao Bằng Province of northeastern Vietnam.
The Âu Việt were also referred to as the Kingdom of Eastern Ou (東甌), descendants of the Yue (state) that had moved to Fujian after its fall. The Western Ou (西甌; ; "Tây" meaning "western"). The Western Ou were one of the Bǎiyuè tribes, with short hair and tattoos, and blackened their teeth and are the ancestors of the upland Tai-speaking minority groups in Vietnam such as the Nùng and Tay, as well as the closely related Zhuang people of Guangxi.
The Âu Việt traded with the Lạc Việt, the inhabitants of the state of Văn Lang, located in the lowland plains to Âu Việt's south, in what is today the Red River Delta of northern Vietnam, until 258 BC or 257 BC, when Thục Phán, the leader of an alliance of Âu Việt tribes, invaded Văn Lang and defeated the last Hùng Vương. He named the new nation "Âu Lạc", proclaiming himself "An Dương Vương" ("King An Dương").
The Qin Dynasty conquered the Chu (state) and abolished the status of the Yue royal descendants. After some years, Shi Huang Di sent 500,000 army to conquer the West Ou, started a three-year guerrilla warfare and killed the Western Ou leader. Before the Han Dynasty, the East and West Ou gain independence again. The Eastern Ou was attacked by the Minyue, and Emperor Wu of Han allowed them to move to between Changjiang and Huaihe. The Western Ou pay tribute to the Nam Viet until it was conquered by the emperor, and it also surrendered. Descendants of these kings lost their status later. Ou (區), Ou (歐) and Ouyang (歐陽) remains in family names.

</doc>
<doc id="19390968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390968" title="2003 Ukrainian Amateur Cup">
2003 Ukrainian Amateur Cup

This year only Pivdenstal Yenakieve received a bye to quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19390978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390978" title="The Right Place">
The Right Place

The Right Place is the third studio album by American country music artist Bryan White. It was released in 1997 (see 1997 in country music) on Asylum Records. The album produced four chart singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. In order of release, these were "Love Is the Right Place", "One Small Miracle", "Bad Day to Let You Go", and "Tree of Hearts", which respectively reached numbers 4, 16, 30, and 45. "Bad Day to Let You Go" also overlapped with White's guest appearance on Shania Twain's 1998 single "From This Moment On".

</doc>
<doc id="19390979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390979" title="Chondrina avenacea">
Chondrina avenacea

Chondrina avenacea is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Chondrinidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
