<doc id="19208526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208526" title="Tri-County School District (Minnesota)">
Tri-County School District (Minnesota)

Tri-County School District #2358 (commonly shortened to TCHS) is a public school district located in northwest Minnesota, United States. The school district consists of an elementary and high school consolidated into one building located in the town of Karlstad.
The district covers parts of Kittson, Marshall, and Roseau counties.
The enrollment for the 2008-09 school year was 225 students, with 118 students at the elementary school level, and 107 at the secondary school level.
Athletics.
Sports teams fielded by Tri-County Schools include football and volleyball in the fall, boys and girls basketball in winter, and track and golf in the spring. The school does not charge a fee for participating in sports, as the fhe fee is covered by the sports boosters group. For all sports except boys basketball, Tri-County is consolidated with Marshall County Central High School of Newfolden, Minnesota. The consolidated nickname is Northern Freeze.

</doc>
<doc id="19208535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208535" title="Armenians in Spain">
Armenians in Spain

Armenians in Spain refers to ethnic Armenians living in Spain. They number around 1,000. According to Instituto Nacional de Estadística in Spain are 9,582 people who were born in Armenia. Armenians entered Spain after Armenian Genocide and also Iranian Revolution and Lebanese Civil War, the latter as Iranians and Lebanese.
The Armenians live mainly in Madrid, Barcelona, Seville and Valencia. Most Armenian Spaniards speak Spanish, while others can speak Armenian and those whose ancestors came from Iran and Lebanon may speak Persian and Arabic. Though, most of the Armenians in Spain belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19208554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208554" title="List of guest stars in 3rd Rock from the Sun">
List of guest stars in 3rd Rock from the Sun

This is a list of notable guest stars who appeared in the American television sitcom 3rd Rock from the Sun throughout its six season run.

</doc>
<doc id="19208557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208557" title="Po">
Po

PO, Po, or po may refer to:
Other uses.
Po, a board game in which any table becomes a board and was created by Allen Feng.

</doc>
<doc id="19208562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208562" title="Ellen Clementine Howarth">
Ellen Clementine Howarth

Ellen Clementine Howarth (born Ellen Clementine Doran in Cooperstown, New York, May 17, 1827, died Trenton, New Jersey, December 23, 1899), was an American poet.
The daughter of a calico printer, and employed as a factory worker at the age of seven, she married Joseph Howarth, in the same occupation. She lived at Trenton, New Jersey in extremely reduced circumstances until friends secured her a comfortable subsistence. She authored a volume of poems in 1864, "The Wind-Harp and Other Poems", and also wrote a song "'Tis but a Little Faded Flower". Her later work, "Poems" (1867), was edited by Richard Watson Gilder.
Howarth said her poems came to her as she did housework, and she only wrote them down when she considered them finished. They were initially published in newspapers in Trenton under the pen name "Clementine", and then in magazines; Richard Gilder helped her find markets for them. She wrote many poems in a few years, and then mostly ceased writing.

</doc>
<doc id="19208582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208582" title="Armenians in Belarus">
Armenians in Belarus

Armenians in Belarus refers to ethnic Armenians living in Belarus. They number around 25,000 and mainly live in Minsk.
History.
The settlement of Armenians in Belarus in the 20th century was episodic, and due mainly to the needs of trade.
In Belarus, in 1999, according to the official census there was a population of 10,191 Armenians - 0.1% of the population of the republic. Half of this population had settled in Belarus under the Soviet regime, when in the Soviet Union there were no boundaries, and specialists were often distributed or directed to other regions.
The Armenian community is characterized by high activity for the benefit of the state. Over the past decade, from among the Armenian diaspora came a large number of prominent scientific and creative intellectuals, government officials and business leaders.
The Chairman of the Armenian diaspora in Belarus is Eghiazaryan George Anushavanovich.
Notable people.
Many Armenians took part but the territory of Belarus in the establishment of Soviet power and the fighting in the Eastern Front of 1941-1945. Sons of the Armenian people fought valiantly for their country and many of them were awarded the highest awards. Suffice it to mention such names kok: 
Some streets of the city of Minsk, the hero is named after our compatriots who have left the heroic contributions to the history of Belarus - Myasnikov, Yalibekova, Gaya, Yavakyana. 
In the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic in 1989 there were 4,933 Armenians. The second wave of Armenian immigrants appeared in Belarus after the tragic events of 1988 in the Nagorno-Karabakh, Armenia and Azerbaijan, the 1988 Spitak earthquake and the dissolution of the Soviet Union. During the ten years from 1989 to 1999, the number of Armenians in Belarus doubled.

</doc>
<doc id="19208625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208625" title="Diego Leonardo Silva Soares Pereira">
Diego Leonardo Silva Soares Pereira

Diego Leonardo Silva Soares Pereira, Diegol, Brazilian, is a professional football player.
Club career.
Diegol, made his debut when 15 years old in the under 15 team of Vasco da Gama in Brazil, and played as a forwarder in the under 20 team and he arrived to the top and professional team with the title of best striker of all the base divisions of the club.
Diego never played in Vasco da Gama as an important player because this forwarder had his rights as a player bought by an important football investor group and he traveled to Uruguay to play in CSD Huracán Buceo and after that to IL Hødd Fotball, in Norway.
Diegol, when he played in the under 17 Vasco da Gama team, played in a pre-season with the Brazilian under 17 national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19208626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208626" title="Peacock Alley">
Peacock Alley

Peacock Alley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19208664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208664" title="Neural modeling fields">
Neural modeling fields

Neural modeling field (NMF) is a mathematical framework for machine learning which combines ideas from neural networks, fuzzy logic, and model based recognition. It has also been referred to as modeling fields, modeling fields theory (MFT), Maximum likelihood artificial neural networks (MLANS).
This framework has been developed by Leonid Perlovsky at the AFRL. NMF is interpreted as a mathematical description of mind’s mechanisms, including concepts, emotions, instincts, imagination, thinking, and understanding. NMF is a multi-level, hetero-hierarchical system. At each level in NMF there are concept-models encapsulating the knowledge; they generate so-called top-down signals, interacting with input, bottom-up signals. These interactions are governed by dynamic equations, which drive concept-model learning, adaptation, and formation of new concept-models for better correspondence to the input, bottom-up signals.
Concept models and similarity measures.
In the general case, NMF system consists of multiple processing levels. At each level, output signals are the concepts recognized in (or formed from) input, bottom-up signals. Input signals are associated with (or recognized, or grouped into) concepts according to the models and at this level. In the process of learning the concept-models are adapted for better representation of the input signals so that similarity between the concept-models and signals increases. This increase in similarity can be interpreted as satisfaction of an instinct for knowledge, and is felt as aesthetic emotions.
Each hierarchical level consists of N "neurons" enumerated by index n=1,2..N. These neurons receive input, bottom-up signals, X(n), from lower levels in the processing hierarchy. X(n) is a field of bottom-up neuronal synaptic activations, coming from neurons at a lower level. Each neuron has a number of synapses; for generality, each neuron activation is described as a set of numbers, 
,where D is the number or dimensions necessary to describe individual neuron's activation. 
Top-down, or priming signals to these neurons are sent by concept-models, Mm(Sm,n) 
,where M is the number of models. Each model is characterized by its parameters, Sm; in the neuron structure of the brain they are encoded by strength of synaptic connections, mathematically, they are given by a set of numbers, 
,where A is the number of dimensions necessary to describe invividual model.
Models represent signals in the following way. Suppose that signal X("n") is coming from sensory neurons n activated by object m, which is characterized by parameters Sm. These parameters may include position, orientation, or lighting of an object m. Model Mm(Sm,n) predicts a value X(n) of a signal at neuron n. For example, during visual perception, a neuron n in the visual cortex receives a signal X(n) from retina and a priming signal Mm(Sm,n) from an object-concept-model "m". Neuron "n" is activated if both the bottom-up signal from lower-level-input and the top-down priming signal are strong. Various models compete for evidence in the bottom-up signals, while adapting their parameters for better match as described below. This is a simplified description of perception. The most benign everyday visual perception uses many levels from retina to object perception. The NMF premise is that the same laws describe the basic interaction dynamics at each level. Perception of minute features, or everyday objects, or cognition of complex abstract concepts is due to the same mechanism described below. Perception and cognition involve concept-models and learning. In perception, concept-models correspond to objects; in cognition models correspond to relationships and situations.
Learning is an essential part of perception and cognition, and in NMF theory it is driven by the dynamics that increase a similarity measure between the sets of models and signals, L({X},{M}). The similarity measure is a function of model parameters and associations between the input bottom-up signals and top-down, concept-model signals. In constructing a mathematical description of the similarity measure, it is important to acknowledge two principles:
Therefore, the similarity measure is constructed so that it accounts for all bottom-up signals, "X"("n"),
This expression contains a product of partial similarities, l(X(n)), over all bottom-up signals; therefore it forces the NMF system to account for every signal (even if one term in the product is zero, the product is zero, the similarity is low and the knowledge instinct is not satisfied); this is a reflection of the first principle. Second, before perception occurs, the mind does not know which object gave rise to a signal from a particular retinal neuron. Therefore a partial similarity measure is constructed so that it treats each model as an alternative (a sum over concept-models) for each input neuron signal. Its constituent elements are conditional partial similarities between signal X(n) and model Mm, l(X(n)|m). This measure is “conditional” on object m being present, therefore, when combining these quantities into the overall similarity measure, L, they are multiplied by r(m), which represent a probabilistic measure of object m actually being present. Combining these elements with the two principles noted above, a similarity measure is constructed as follows: 
The structure of the expression above follows standard principles of the probability theory: a summation is taken over alternatives, m, and various pieces of evidence, n, are multiplied. This expression is not necessarily a probability, but it has a probabilistic structure. If learning is successful, it approximates probabilistic description and leads to near-optimal Bayesian decisions. The name “conditional partial similarity” for l(X(n)|m) (or simply l(n|m)) follows the probabilistic terminology. If learning is successful, l(n|m) becomes a conditional probability density function, a probabilistic measure that signal in neuron n originated from object m. Then L is a total likelihood of observing signals {X(n)} coming from objects described by concept-model {Mm}. Coefficients r(m), called priors in probability theory, contain preliminary biases or expectations, expected objects m have relatively high r(m) values; their true values are usually unknown and should be learned, like other parameters Sm.
Note that in probability theory, a product of probabilities usually assumes that evidence is independent. Expression for L contains a product over n, but it does not assume independence among various signals X(n). There is a dependence among signals due to concept-models: each model Mm(Sm,n) predicts expected signal values in many neurons n. 
During the learning process, concept-models are constantly modified. Usually, the functional forms of models, Mm(Sm,n), are all fixed and learning-adaptation involves only model parameters, Sm. From time to time a system forms a new concept, while retaining an old one as well; alternatively, old concepts are sometimes merged or eliminated. This requires a modification of the similarity measure L; The reason is that more models always result in a better fit between the models and data. This is a well known problem, it is addressed by reducing similarity L using a “skeptic penalty function,” (Penalty method) p(N,M) that grows with the number of models M, and this growth is steeper for a smaller amount of data N. For example, an asymptotically unbiased maximum likelihood estimation leads to multiplicative p(N,M) = exp(-Npar/2), where Npar is a total number of adaptive parameters in all models (this penalty function is known as Akaike information criterion, see (Perlovsky 2001) for further discussion and references).
Learning in NMF using dynamic logic algorithm.
The learning process consists of estimating model parameters S and associating signals with concepts by maximizing the similarity L. Note that all possible combinations of signals and models are accounted for in expression (2) for L. This can be seen by expanding a sum and multiplying all the terms resulting in MN items, a huge number. This is the number of combinations between all signals (N) and all models (M). This is the source of Combinatorial Complexity, which is solved in NMF by utilizing the idea of dynamic logic. An important aspect of dynamic logic is "matching vagueness or fuzziness of similarity measures to the uncertainty of models". Initially, parameter values are not known, and uncertainty of models is high; so is the fuzziness of the similarity measures. In the process of learning, models become more accurate, and the similarity measure more crisp, the value of the similarity increases. 
The maximization of similarity L is done as follows. First, the unknown parameters {Sm} are randomly initialized. Then the association variables f(m|n) are computed,
Equation for f(m|n) looks like the Bayes formula for a posteriori probabilities; if l(n|m) in the result of learning become conditional likelihoods, f(m|n) become Bayesian probabilities for signal n originating from object m. The dynamic logic of the NMF is defined as follows:
The following theorem has been proved (Perlovsky 2001):
"Theorem". Equations (3), (4), and (5) define a convergent dynamic NMF system with stationary states defined by max{Sm}L.
It follows that the stationary states of an MF system are the maximum similarity states. When partial similarities are specified as probability density functions (pdf), or likelihoods, the stationary values of parameters {Sm} are asymptotically unbiased and efficient estimates of these parameters. The computational complexity of dynamic logic is linear in N. 
Practically, when solving the equations through successive iterations, f(m|n) can be recomputed at every iteration using (3), as opposed to incremental formula (5).
The proof of the above theorem contains a proof that similarity L increases at each iteration. This has a psychological interpretation that the instinct for increasing knowledge is satisfied at each step, resulting in the positive emotions: NMF-dynamic logic system emotionally enjoys learning.
Example of dynamic logic operations.
Finding patterns below noise can be an exceedingly complex problem. If an exact pattern shape is not known and depends on unknown parameters, these parameters should be found by fitting the pattern model to the data. However, when the locations and orientations of patterns are not known, it is not clear which subset of the data points should be selected for fitting. A standard approach for solving this kind of problem is multiple hypothesis testing (Singer et al. 1974). Since all combinations of subsets and models are exhaustively searched, this method faces the problem of combinatorial complexity. In the current example, noisy ‘smile’ and ‘frown’ patterns are sought. They are shown in Fig.1a without noise, and in Fig.1b with the noise, as actually measured. The true number of patterns is 3, which is not known. Therefore, at least 4 patterns should be fit to the data, to decide that 3 patterns fit best. The image size in this example is 100x100 = 10,000 points. If one attempts to fit 4 models to all subsets of 10,000 data points, computation of complexity, MN ~ 106000. An alternative computation by searching through the parameter space, yields lower complexity: each pattern is characterized by a 3-parameter parabolic shape. Fitting 4x3=12 parameters to 100x100 grid by a brute-force testing would take about 1032 to 1040 operations, still a prohibitive computational complexity.
To apply NMF and dynamic logic to this problem one needs to develop parametric adaptive models of expected patterns. The models and conditional partial similarities for this case are described in details in: a uniform model for noise, Gaussian blobs for highly-fuzzy, poorly resolved patterns, and parabolic models for ‘smiles’ and ‘frowns’. The number of computer operations in this example was about 1010. Thus, a problem that was not solvable due to combinatorial complexity becomes solvable using dynamic logic.
During an adaptation process, initially fuzzy and uncertain models are associated with structures in the input signals, and fuzzy models become more definite and crisp with successive iterations. The type, shape, and number, of models are selected so that the internal representation within the system is similar to input signals: the NMF concept-models represent structure-objects in the signals. The figure below illustrates operations of dynamic logic. In Fig. 1(a) true ‘smile’ and ‘frown’ patterns are shown without noise; (b) actual image available for recognition (signal is below noise, signal-to-noise ratio is between –2dB and –0.7dB); (c) an initial fuzzy model, a large fuzziness corresponds to uncertainty of knowledge; (d) through (m) show improved models at various iteration stages (total of 22 iterations). Every five iterations the algorithm tried to increase or decrease the number of models. Between iterations (d) and (e) the algorithm decided, that it needs three Gaussian models for the ‘best’ fit. 
There are several types of models: one uniform model describing noise (it is not shown) and a variable number of blob models and parabolic models; their number, location, and curvature are estimated from the data. Until about stage (g) the algorithm used simple blob models, at (g) and beyond, the algorithm decided that it needs more complex parabolic models to describe the data. Iterations stopped at (h), when similarity stopped increasing.
Neural modeling fields hierarchical organization.
Above, a single processing level in a hierarchical NMF system was described. At each level of hierarchy there are input signals from lower levels, models, similarity measures (L), emotions, which are defined as changes in similarity, and actions; actions include adaptation, behavior satisfying the knowledge instinct – maximization of similarity. An input to each level is a set of signals X(n), or in neural terminology, an input field of neuronal activations. The result of signal processing at a given level are activated models, or concepts m recognized in the input signals n; these models along with the corresponding instinctual signals and emotions may activate behavioral models and generate behavior at this level.
The activated models initiate other actions. They serve as input signals to the next processing level, where more general concept-models are recognized or created. Output signals from a given level, serving as input to the next level, are the model activation signals, am, defined as
am = ∑n=1..N f(m|n). 
The hierarchical NMF system is illustrated in Fig. 2. Within the hierarchy of the mind, each concept-model finds its “mental” meaning and purpose at a higher level (in addition to other purposes). For example, consider a concept-model “chair.” It has a “behavioral” purpose of initiating sitting behavior (if sitting is required by the body), this is the “bodily” purpose at the same hierarchical level. In addition, it has a “purely mental” purpose at a higher level in the hierarchy, a purpose of helping to recognize a more general concept, say of a “concert hall,” a model of which contains rows of chairs. 
From time to time a system forms a new concept or eliminates an old one. At every level, the NMF system always keeps a reserve of vague (fuzzy) inactive concept-models. They are inactive in that their parameters are not adapted to the data; therefore their similarities to signals are low. Yet, because of a large vagueness (covariance) the similarities are not exactly zero. When a new signal does not fit well into any of the active models, its similarities to inactive models automatically increase (because first, every piece of data is accounted for, and second, inactive models are vague-fuzzy and potentially can “grab” every signal that does not fit into more specific, less fuzzy, active models. When the activation signal am for an inactive model, m, exceeds a certain threshold, the model is activated. Similarly, when an activation signal for a particular model falls below a threshold, the model is deactivated. Thresholds for activation and deactivation are set usually based on information existing at a higher hierarchical level (prior information, system resources, numbers of activated models of various types, etc.). Activation signals for active models at a particular level { am } form a “neuronal field,” which serve as input signals to the next level, where more abstract and more general concepts are formed.

</doc>
<doc id="19208668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208668" title="XaoS">
XaoS

XaoS is an interactive fractal zoomer program. It allows the user to continuously zoom in or out of a fractal in real-time.
XaoS is licenced under GPL. The program is cross-platform, and is available for a variety of operating systems, including GNU/Linux, Windows, Mac OS X, BeOS and others.
XaoS can show the Mandelbrot set (power 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6), the Octo fractal, three types of Barnsley's fractals, the Newton fractal (order 3 and 4), Phoenix fractal and Magnet (1 and 2). XaoS can display Julia sets from selected fractal parts. Xaos also allows you to enter your own custom formulas.
XaoS is capable of displaying fractals as ASCII art using AAlib, which, in combination with being built on freely available GNU tools, allows it to run almost anywhere.
An interactive help and an animated introduction to fractals is given in this software. The introduction is in 10 chapters dealing with different formulas presented in the software and their features.
Hubička algorithm.
XaoS was originally just a "poorly written" Mandelbrot viewer until Jan Hubička added efficient zooming, using a technique sometimes called the XaoS algorithm or Hubička algorithm.
At the time fractal zoom movies were produced by completely recalculating each frame, even though they naturally had much of their area in common with each other. This made interactive zooming impossible without very powerful computers. Furthermore, unless even more processing is used in order to do antialiasing, recalculating every frame produces a 'twinkle' effect as small bright areas hit and then disappear between pixels.
Yet allowing the user to zoom, rather than jump as in Fractint, seemed like the most natural way to interact with fractals. In order to create an interactive zoom, Hubička needed to find a way to save the calculations which were already made. It would take up too much memory to save every pixel ever calculated, so the Hubička algorithm only saves the previous frame, and rather than remembering the location of each pixel it can keep them aligned in rows and columns and remember those instead.
The most difficult part of the XaoS algorithm was choosing which saved rows and columns to draw where. Doing this wrong results in distorted images, yet it must be done quickly to be useful. After several different heuristics were tried, eventually the problem was treated as an optimization problem.
The remaining rows and columns are colored in the same as the closest row/column, and are freshly calculated as the CPU gets time to do so. This is a careful balance between keeping the zoom going and increasing the level of detail. Calculating areas where the image is being zoomed to is put at a higher priority since these will be on the screen the longest and this is likely where the user is looking anyway. Zooming out, the reverse occurs and the priority is on the edges.
The Hubička algorithm can also be applied to zooming in on other images where the pixels are calculated, and has been used in other software such as the rtzme complex function graphing program, and other fractal zoomers.

</doc>
<doc id="19208683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208683" title="MTOE">
MTOE

MTOE is an acronym that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19208695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208695" title="Chimerin">
Chimerin

Chimerin is a type of nerve tissue protein.
Types include:

</doc>
<doc id="19208728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208728" title="Bonita Friedericy">
Bonita Friedericy

Bonita Friedericy (born October 10, 1961) is an American actress, best known for her role as Diane Beckman in the NBC series "Chuck".
Life and career.
Friedericy was born in Charlottesville, Virginia, and worked as a teacher for nearly 13 years to help supplement her acting income. In 1990s, she began her career on stage, and won Ovation Award for her role in the Los Angeles production of "Our Country's Good". She later guest-starred in the number of television shows, such as "Malcolm in the Middle", "Veronica Mars", ', "Criminal Minds", "Bones", "Dharma & Greg", "Parks and Recreation", "The Nine", "The West Wing", ', "Castle", "Monk". In film, Friedericy appeared in "Christmas with the Kranks", "Alien Raiders" "Paranormal Activity 3", and "The Lords of Salem".
From 2007 to 2012, Friedericy starred in the NBC comedy series "Chuck" as NSA Director Diane Beckman for the show's entire five-season run. She had recurring role in first three seasons, and was promoted to series regular in the fourth season. On November, 2013, she was cast as series regular in the Lifetime comedy-drama "Un-Real" opposite Shiri Appleby, in the role of psychologist.

</doc>
<doc id="19208733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208733" title="Ecuador at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Ecuador at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Ecuador sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. The delegation consisted of two competitors, both powerlifters.
Powerlifting.
Key: NMR=No marks recorded

</doc>
<doc id="19208735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208735" title="Lemos Theater">
Lemos Theater

The Lemos Theatrical Company was a theatrical company formed in 1944. It is named after the actor Adamantios Lemos.
The founding of Thiasos Lemos.
On June 14, 1944, Adamantios Lemos and Mary Giatra Lemou founded the Lemos Theatrical Company. Lemos was still with the armed forces in the Middle East when he was in exile and was unable to have a theatrical company that has his own name, the theatrical company was actually known as Mairi Lemou Company. (On June 1944, Maria Giatra Lemou resigned from the "Armed Forces Recreational Council" and ran as a main company in which Adamantios Lemos acted and directed 23 works.
The beginning of the presentation on June 14, in the Amusement Park summer theater in Alexandria and several times in the cities of Cairo (at Esvekia and Lycée Français), Masura, Zayazik, Kafr el-Zayat, Suez, Port Said which was planned in the Metropolitan winter theatre and at Moasat in Alexandria:
23 works that were played in 302 performances were:
Actors at Mairi Lemou Theatrical Company.
From January until August 1945, the Mary Lemou Theatrical Company practiced acts in Egyptian cities including Mansura, Zayazik, Tada, Port Said, Suex, Karfer Zayat and returned to Alexandria where it gave its last farewell presentations at the Metropolitan Theatre on Wednesday August 8, 1945.
Adamantios Lemos returned to Greece from Egypt in the summer of 1947 and made the Lemos Theatrical Company and began the presentations at the Palladio Theatre in Kallithea with the scope of discovery and searchlight on new postwar theatrical strengths.
Later at the Palladio with planned luck, Lemos indicated a property north of the central Thisseos Avenue in Kallithea in which the person that shown the conversion in which some of his works with the his equipment with Lemos' costs. The symphony done the extinguishing in which many became works and were around 20% above in uncleaned receipts. Lemos put his economy which he took and a paid amount from the Working Fund.
May - September 1949 (summer period) - The theatrical company for the second time at Dionyssia Theatre in Kallithea. He began with the first presented work of Sotiris Patatzis and presented in several first presented works:
"Konta sto Theo" ("Κοντά στο Θεό" = "Closer to God") by Rois Varoussiadou
The third year of Lemos Theatrical Company in Kallithea was one of the efficient and optimistic, the reason that was between the abundant manuscripts that were clearly seen from everywhere, from six of his works that were lately received by Lemos for his current summer period of 1949, it had several theatrical sources that passed into the used field of . First of all were one from Sotiris Patatazis. It was later named after the theatrical actor Adamantios Lemos.
May - September 1950 (Summer period): at the Dionyssia Theatre in Kallithea, Lemos continued to present Greek works by new writers, it even had the discovery of Iakovos Kambanellis with the work: "Horos pano sta stahia".
Works included:
Actors:
In 1951, Lemos toured his theatrical company. The absence of the first run imformatical presentation of the theatrical company in Kallithea had made it to all of Greece by the Press and the radio. Truly in the dramatology were included and the recent lucks of the theatricals with the first-presented writers:
St. Hrysos in the newspaper "Ellinikos Voras" April 1, 1951 wrote: "The Lemos Theatrical Company is the best which recently visited as now in Thessaloniki. In "Nyftiako tragoudi", Lemos passed Veakis and functioned one strong Bali job, which not only touched otherwise he bring many practices and education that used for the working of that role"
Visits of Lemos Theatrical Company in Egypt and Sudan.
Between October 1952 and April 1953 (winter season in Egypt and Sudan), it started in Alexandria. It premiered on October 24 at the Casablanca Theatre with the work of Tristan Bernard and occurred 12 wirks from the repertory.
Adamantios Lemos in "Piraean Council" in Piraeus.
November 1953 - April 1954 (winter season): The theatrical company performed at Peraikou Sindesmou Theatre. It began on November 18. Its works included"
Actors and actresses:
October 1944 - April 1955 (winter period) at Peiraikos Syndesmou Theatre.
Actors and actresses.
October 1955-April 1956 (winter period) at Peiraikou Syndesmou Theatre
May - September 1955 (winter period) presended the comedy actor, D. Koromilas "O Agapitikos tis Voskopoulas" in a folk style celebration with 8,000 people and was sold out at the ancient theater in Argos with the council of the "Greek Folk Dance And Singing Company" by Dora Stratou.

</doc>
<doc id="19208745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208745" title="Sacha McNeil">
Sacha McNeil

Sacha McNeil is a New Zealand journalist and news presenter, She presented TV3 program "Nightline" from 2011 to 2013. She currently presents Firstline alongside Michael Wilson. 
She has been a TV reporter and presenter since 1999, including appearing in "One News", "Breakfast" and "Tonight" shows, before joining the "3 News" and "Sunrise" teams in August 2007, where she worked alongside her father Bob McNeil. 
McNeil presented the news on early morning programme Sunrise till 2010 and then became presenter of the 3 News Midday bulletin. She then later became a presenter for Nightline. 
She gave birth to a baby girl in 2009.
McNeil left her presenting position in 2011 on maternity leave, with Ingrid Hipkiss filling in. She gave birth to her second child in 2012 and returned to presenting Nightline in April 2012.
In December 2013 it was announced that McNeil would present early morning news programme Firstline alongside Michael Wilson in 2014, following Nightline's cancellation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19208756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208756" title="Phil Terrana">
Phil Terrana

Phil Terrana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19208780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208780" title="Kyrgyzstan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Kyrgyzstan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Kyrgyzstan sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. The only recorded athlete was powerlifter Roman Omurbekov.

</doc>
<doc id="19208781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208781" title="Ivory Coast at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Ivory Coast at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Côte d'Ivoire sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19208789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208789" title="Fox 21">
Fox 21

Fox 21 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19208797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208797" title="Kv channel interacting protein">
Kv channel interacting protein

Kv channel interacting protein can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19208799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208799" title="Gay Bar (song)">
Gay Bar (song)

"Gay Bar" is a song performed by the Detroit-based rock band Electric Six, and written by their lead singer, Tyler Spencer (whose band pseudonym is Dick Valentine). It was the second single off their debut album, "Fire" released in 2003.
According to Spencer/Valentine, the idea for the song came up from incorrectly hearing the lyrics of DEVO's "Girl U Want" as "just a girl, just a girl at a gay bar" while the song was playing in a very loud nightclub. (The actual lyric is "She's just the girl, she's just the girl, the girl you want".)
While both the song and music video received significant airplay, various lyrics mentioning war were edited due to their possibly offensive nature since the song made its air debut at the start of the Iraq War.
Music video.
The music video, directed by Tom Kuntz and Mike Maguire, was recorded in April 2003 at a movie studio in Toronto, Canada. The video depicts a series of Abraham Lincoln ('Gaybraham') look-alikes in the White House, portrayed primarily by the band's lead singer Dick Valentine, but stand-ins were used for some scenes. Various Freudian phallic images appear throughout the video, such as a bell, a train entering a tunnel, a hamster running through a tube, and so on.
Awards.
The song was nominated for the Kerrang! Award for Best Single.
Won "Video of the Year" award (2003) from both Kerrang and Q magazine.
Censorship.
In the clean version of the song, the words "nuclear" and "war" (in the line "let's start a war, start a nuclear war") are cut out and a whip lash sound is used instead.
A Japanese radio version exists in which the same lyrics are replaced with "let's do an edit, do a radio edit".
Covers.
Canadian electronic musician Peaches covered the song as a bonus track for her album "Fatherfucker".
The Bosshoss played a cover of the song during their 2010 "Low Voltage" tour. A studio version was released in their album Stallion Battalion.
Austrian band Harpia Deiis covered the song live as a recording in the studio in September 2012 and released it in December 2013.
Parody video.
The song was used in a parody video shortly after the beginning of the Iraq War. The video is a mash up of clips featuring George W. Bush and Tony Blair, edited to look like they are apparently singing the song to each other by cutting the clips at different points so their mouths match up. The original video was distributed on many forums and imageboards as a Flash file, and it had become a viral video long before the advent of YouTube, where it has been uploaded several times. The original uploads have been removed due to copyright claims from the band, with one remaining version having more than 785,000 hits.

</doc>
<doc id="19208823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208823" title="Prolactin-releasing hormone">
Prolactin-releasing hormone

Prolactin-releasing hormone, also known as PRLH, is a hypothetical human hormone or hormone releasing factor. Existence of this factor has been hypothesized as prolactin is the only currently known hormone for which almost exclusively negative regulating factors are known (such as dopamine, leukemia inhibitory factor, some prostaglandins) but few stimulating factors. While many prolactin stimulating and enhancing factors are well known (such as thyrotropin-releasing hormone, oxytocin, and estrogen) those have primary functions other than stimulating prolactin release and the search for hypothetical releasing factor or factors continues.
The prolactin-releasing peptide identified in 1998 was a candidate for this function, however as of 2008 it appears its function is not yet completely elucidated.

</doc>
<doc id="19208827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208827" title="Kazakhstan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Kazakhstan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Kazakhstan sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19208828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208828" title="Armenia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Armenia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Armenia sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19208829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208829" title="Inbal Schwartz">
Inbal Schwartz

Inbal Schwartz ((, (born October 13, 1984) is an Israeli paralympic swimmer.
Schwartz, suffering from cerebral palsy, began practicing disabled sports at the Israel Sports Center for the Disabled at a young age. By the age of 15 she was competing internationally, winning 4th place at the 2008 world championship in 100 meters. Schwartz then volunteered to serve at the IDF, trained as a swimming instructor. Today (2008) she is a student in departments of communications and management.
Schwartz took part in the 2004 Summer Paralympics, participating in tournaments for 100m backstroke (8th place), 100m freestyle (6th place in heats) and 50m freestyle (7th place in heats). At the 2006 world championship she was 4th in the 50m butterfly tournament, while winning a bronze medal at the 2007 world championship in 50m butterfly. Her achievements in the 2007 world championship (including 4th place in 100m freestyle and 5th place in 50m freestyle) qualified her to take part in the 2008 Summer Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19208846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208846" title="Luxembourg at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Luxembourg at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Luxembourg sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. According to official records, the country's only athlete competed in cycling.

</doc>
<doc id="19208885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208885" title="USS Muscatine (AK-197)">
USS Muscatine (AK-197)

USS "Muscatine" (AK-197) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. She had a brief and successful career before being decommissioned a year later.
Built in Superior, Wisconsin.
"Muscatine" (AK 197) was laid down under U.S. Maritime Commission contract as M. C. Hull 2151 by Globe Shipbuilding Co., Superior, Wisconsin, 21 December 1943; named "Muscatine" and classified "AK-197" on 25 February 1944; launched 16 June 1944; sponsored by Mrs. William Kennedy.
She was floated down the Mississippi River in November 1944 for completion at Pennsylvania Shipyards, Inc., Beaumont, Texas; acquired by the Navy on loan charter from the Maritime Commission 3 April 1945; placed in service from 3 April to 4 April during transfer to Houston, Texas, for fitting out at Brown Shipbuilding Co.; and commissioned at Houston 19 April 1945, Lt. W. F. Heyer in command.
World War II-related service.
After shakedown along the Texas coast, "Muscatine" loaded a full cargo of "beer, Coca Cola syrup, and a bottling unit" at Gulfport, Mississippi, before sailing 17 May for the central Pacific Ocean. She touched at Eniwetok, in the Marshall Islands, 26 June, thence from 2 to 7 July steamed to Guam where she discharged her cargo. 
Assigned to Service Squadron 8, she departed the Marianas 13 July and spent much of the final month of the Pacific war sailing to the U.S. West Coast where she arrived San Francisco, California, 2 August. After loading refrigerated and "miscellaneous amphibious fleet issue" cargo, she sailed for the western Pacific the 18th.
"Muscatine" off loaded refrigerated stores at Ulithi, in the Caroline Islands, between 8 and 11 September; thence, from 15 September to 23 October she served as a stores ship in Leyte Gulf, Philippine Islands. On 30 October she reached Sasebo, Japan, where she began duty as a cargo issue ship to support the occupation of the defeated Japanese Empire. 
She completed her occupation service 7 December and sailed for the United States. Steaming via the Marianas and the Panama Canal, she arrived Norfolk, Virginia, 6 February 1946.
Decommissioning.
She steamed to Baltimore, Maryland, 23 to 24 February and decommissioned there 7 March 1946. She was returned to War Shipping Administration (WSA) 12 March and her name was struck from the Navy List 20 March.
Honors and awards.
Qualified "Muscatine" personnel were eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19208905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208905" title="Mysterious Mr. Moto">
Mysterious Mr. Moto

Mysterious Mr. Moto is the fifth in a series of eight films starring Peter Lorre as Mr. Moto produced in 1938 by Twentieth Century Fox. The film is based on the character of Mr. Moto created by John P. Marquand, from an original screenplay by Philip MacDonald and Norman Foster.
Synopsis.
The film opens with a daring escape from the French penal colony on Devil’s Island. Mr. Moto, pretending to be Ito Matsuka, a Japanese murderer, is in the company of Paul Brissac, who belongs to a group of assassins. Brissac changes his name to Romero when they arrive in London and Moto stays on as his houseboy.

</doc>
<doc id="19208925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208925" title="Baingan bharta">
Baingan bharta

Baingan bharta or Baingan ka bhurtha or Baingan da bhurtha (, ) (Mashed Eggplant) is a South Asian dish bearing a resemblance to baba ghanoush. Baingan bharta is a part of the national cuisines of both India and Pakistan. It is primarily a vegetarian dish that comprises bhurtha (minced vegetables) made from eggplant (baingan) which is grilled over charcoal or direct fire, to infuse the dish with a smoky flavour. The smoked eggplant is mashed with fresh cilantro (coriander leaves), chili pepper, onion and mustard oil. Traditionally, the dish is often eaten with an Indian flatbread (specifically roti or paratha) and is also served with rice and/or raita, a yogurt salad. Baingan bartha is also eaten in Bangladesh. 
In Pakistan, baingan bharta is popular cuisine, while in India it is also a part of the cuisines of Maharashtra, Bihar, Orissa, and West Bengal. The dish has many names depending on the local language (Hindi: “बैंगन का भरता", Gujarati: "odo", "begun bhôrta", Marathi: "wangyache bharit").
Variants.
In the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu, the Tamils prepare a similar dish called "kathrikai thayir kothsu", in which the eggplant is cooked, mashed and sautéed with mustard, red chilis and sesame oil. The final step in the recipe involves adding curd to the mixture and dressing the dish with coriander leaves.
In the Bhoj-Puri speaking region such as the eastern part of Uttar Pradesh and west Bihar it is known as Baigan ka chokha, it also popular within the Caribbean Indo-Community such as Trinadad, Suriname and Guyana where descendants of indentured laborers from Northern India live.
Eggplant is popular in Afghanistan in the form of a traditional salad called "bonjan salad", which is usually served at room temperature (or cold) together with main dishes. The "bonjan salad" dish is served with a variety of breads and is similar to another Afghani dish called "baingan ka raita" ().
In Maharashtra, especially in northern parts known as Khandesh, "Vangyache Bharit" as they call it is served in social gatherings including wedding ceremonies. During harvest season, special "Bharit Party" is organised. Baharit is usually served with "Puri".
Protest symbol.
In a protest against BT Brinjal and the introduction of genetically modified crops, volunteers from Greenpeace and Delhi's Le Méridien hotel cooked of organic "brinjal bharta" ("baigan ka bharta") at Dilli Haat, New Delhi on September 6, 2011. This set a world record for the largest amount of the dish produced in one occasion of preparation. A portion of the final dish was sent to the Indian Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh’s residence, accompanied by a letter of protest containing an explanation.

</doc>
<doc id="19208945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208945" title="Jeron Wilson">
Jeron Wilson

Jeron Wilson (born February 1, 1977) is an American "regular"-footed (naturally rides a skateboard with the left foot at the front of the board) professional skateboarder.
Early life.
Wilson was born and raised in the San Fernando Valley, California, United States (US). Wilson started skating around the age of nine when he was introduced to the sport by his cousin and was naturally talented.
Professional skateboarding.
Wilson met professional skateboarder, Salman Agah, who saw his potential and helped Jeron become part of the Real skateboards team. Wilson's talent was also recognized by professional skateboarder, Tim Gavin, and Wilson subsequently became a member of the Blind skateboards team. Gavin would later manage the DVS Shoes (formerly the DVS Shoe Co.) skate shoe brand and Wilson signed a deal with the brand that included a series of signature shoes.
Diamond.
As of 2012, Wilson is no longer sponsored by DVS Shoes and is a part of owner of the Diamond skateboard/streetwear brand—founder, Nick Tershay, has stated that a Diamond shoe line will eventually be launched.

</doc>
<doc id="19208950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208950" title="Little Niangua Suspension Bridge">
Little Niangua Suspension Bridge

The Little Niangua Suspension Bridge is a Little Niangua River crossing in Camden County, Missouri on Route J. It is a two lane heavy vehicle bridge.
History.
The bridge was constructed in 1987 by the Clinton Bridge Company. It was designed as a self-anchored bridge.
Status of bridge.
The bridge is still in use today and is in good condition; however it was closed in October 2007 for much needed repairs. These repairs included fixing movement underneath the deck.

</doc>
<doc id="19208952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208952" title="1973 Chatham Cup">
1973 Chatham Cup

The 1973 Chatham Cup was the 46th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The organisation of the cup was changed from previous years, with early stages being run in three large zones (northern, central, and southern), rathern than by individual associations as had previously been the case. National League teams received a bye until the later stages of the competition. In all, 103 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article.
The 1973 final.
The final was moved from the Basin Reserve for the first time since 1928, excluding replays. The 1973 final was - also excluding replays - the first to be held outside Wellington. Part of the reason for the move was because - for the first time ever - both finalists came from Auckland. This was only the second time (after 1971) that both finalists had come from the same urban area. The venue was to alternate between Auckland and Christchurch for several years from 1973.
Mount Wellington made up for their narrow loss in the marathon final of the 1972 Chatham Cup by inflicting a sound defeat on their neighbours from across the Waitemata Harbour. Coach Ken Armstrong added to his impressive tally of cup victories both on and off the field. Shore's cause was not helped when keeper Turner had to be substituted early on after an injury, but even without this handicap the Mount would have proven the stronger side. All the goals came from Mount Wellington's players, with two from Dave Taylor and one from John Houghton.

</doc>
<doc id="19208959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208959" title="Scorpia">
Scorpia

Scorpia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19208978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208978" title="Achnahanat">
Achnahanat

Achnahanat () is a crofting settlement on the south side of the Kyle of Sutherland in Scotland. It is about 4 miles west of Invershin in Sutherland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19208982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208982" title="Taxation in Argentina">
Taxation in Argentina

Income tax in Argentina is collected solely by the Government of Argentina, to the exclusion of the Provinces of Argentina. Argentina uses a system of progressive taxation on personal income that is collected as a deferred tax, a flat rate tax on business income (company tax, 35%), and a stamp tax of 1.5% on the total value of real property, whether it gained or lost value (rather than 1.5% being applied only to realised capital gains); there is also an ad valorem property tax on other assets such as vehicles. There is also a 0.6% tax on all bank transactions. Argentina’s income tax system contains a complex array of deductions and offsets, and is administered by the Administración Federal de Ingresos Públicos (AFIP).
In 2005, the wealth tax (0.5% to 2.5%), value-added tax (21%; up from 18% in 1994), and excise taxes on electronics, tobacco, alcohol, soft drinks, perfumes, jewelry, precious stones, vehicles, tires, mobile phone services, insurance policies, gasoline, lubricating oils, and other items. Inheritance tax is levied by the provinces - as of 2011, only Buenos Aires levies it (4% when the assets are worth over 3 million pesos). Corporate taxes are levied at 35% for domestic and foreign companies. Provincial and municipal governments impose various taxes.
External links.
2009 tax guide
Brief, partial list of taxes
Rige en Buenos Aires impuesto a la herencia (Spanish)

</doc>
<doc id="19208999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19208999" title="Delicacy">
Delicacy

A delicacy is a food item that is considered highly desirable in various cultures. Often this is because of unusual flavors or characteristics, or because it is rare compared to the availability of other foodstuffs. 
Delicacies vary per different countries, customs and ages. Flamingo tongue was a highly prized dish in ancient Rome, but is not eaten at all in modern times. Lobsters were considered poverty food in North America until the mid-19th century, when they started being treated as they were in Europe, a delicacy. Some delicacies are confined to a certain culture, such as fugu in Japan, bird's nest soup (made out of swiftlet nests) in China, and ant larvae (escamoles) in Mexico.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19209021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209021" title="The New Prescription">
The New Prescription

The New Prescription is the 14th album by MC Breed. Released in 2004, it was Breed's final album, and the only release by UMZ Entertainment, a subsidiary of Psychopathic Records.
Conception.
Background.
Breed signed to UMZ Entertainment after leaving Fharmacy Recordings. UMZ was founded by Alex Abbiss as a subsidiary of Psychopathic Records, a label founded by Abbiss and Insane Clown Posse. Abbiss wanted to release music intended for a wider audience than ICP's Juggalo fanbase. Regarding Breed, ICP member and label chairman Joseph Bruce stated, "It’s just a business relationship that turned friends. We’re not doing anything with him in the future that we know of as far as tours or anything like that. He’s just doing his thing. His record is a great record."
Recording.
Breed recorded "The New Prescription" with production by Psychopathic artist Esham, Psychopathic-affiliated rapper Lavel, and non-affiliated producers Ess Man and G. Piece. The album's songs were engineered, mixed, and arranged by Psychopathic producers Fritz the Cat, J. Hicks and Esham. "Gotta Go" featured vocals by singer Tobi, while "Roll" featured a guest rap verse by Esham.
Release.
"Rap Game" was released as a promo single, and a music video was produced, featuring an appearance by Tech N9ne.

</doc>
<doc id="19209072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209072" title="Cellular democracy">
Cellular democracy

As developed by economist Fred E. Foldvary, cellular democracy is a type of democracy based on multi-level bottom-up structure based on either small neighborhood governmental districts or contractual communities.
Councils.
In cellular democracy, a jurisdiction such as a county or city is divided into neighborhood districts with a population of about 500 people, with about 100 to 200 households. The voters in the district would elect a council. The small size of districts would allow for more informed voters at a smaller cost. Representatives, plus one alternate, would be elected to the council. This would be a "level-1 council"
A region containing 10 to 20 neighborhood districts would then vote for a "level-2 council". Each level-1 council elects a regular representative and an alternate to the level-2 council from its own regular membership.
A further region containing several level-2 councils would comprise a level-3 council, each level-2 council again electing a regular and an alternate representative to level 3. The level-2 representative sent up to the level-3 council would be replaced by his or her alternative.
The hierarchy would continue indefinitely, depending on the size of the state, or even going on to the top of the world.
Secession.
Councils could 'secede', creating a new branch of councils that would be incorporated back into the system.
Taxation.
Each level 1 council would be able to select its source of revenue. Property taxes would be likely, and Foldvary favors the land value tax as the most efficient, just, and unintrusive option. Every council above council-1 gets its money from the council below it.

</doc>
<doc id="19209077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209077" title="Taxation in Denmark">
Taxation in Denmark

The Danish income tax was introduced in 1903 and is now divided into a state income tax and a local income tax. The state income tax is a progressive tax while the local income tax is a flat tax.
Income tax.
All income from employment or self-employment is taxed at 8% before income tax. This tax is termed a "gross tax". ()
Income below DKK 42,900 (USD 7,600) (2010-level, adjusted annually) is income tax-free, but subject to the gross tax.
Interest paid up to DKK 50,000 is tax deductible. Commuting exceeding 24 kilometers/day receives a DKK 1.90 per kilometer tax deduction. For commutes exceeding 100 kilometers per day, the rate is reduced to DKK 0.95 per kilometer. A number of other deductions apply. The general rule is that the taxpayer is able to deduct his/her expenses in acquiring their taxable income, although there are many exceptions to this rule. Employees have very limited possibilities for tax deduction as it is assumed that the employer covers the expenses related to the employee's work. The employer will then be able to deduct most of these expenses from his own taxable income.
The state income tax has three income brackets (base, medium and top), though two are currently coinciding. In 2010 income from DKK 42,900 to DKK 389,900 is taxed at 3.67% and income above DKK 389,900 is taxed an additional 15%.
The income tax can be broken down like this:
Plus -
Danish tax examples as of 2010:
Under the Danish tax system, therefore, it is possible for a high-wage earner to pay up to 51.5% of their total income after gross tax, giving a total of 57% of total income.
Land value tax.
The Danish ejendomsskat (or Municipal Property Tax) is a land value tax, which taxes the base value of the land according to either:
Whichever of those two assessments is lower results in the base land value. This base land value is taxed at between 1.6 and 3.4% in 2013, although some individual properties may pay more or less.
Proceeds from selling ones home - if there is any home equity (Danish: "friværdi") - are not taxed, as the marginal tax rate on capital income from housing savings is around 0 percent.
Local income taxes and other income taxes.
The local income tax varies from municipality to municipality. The highest local income tax in 2009 is 27.80% and the lowest is 22.70%.
The regional health care tax () is 8%. It is set and handled by the central government, as the regions never have had the right to levy taxes independently unlike the counties.
Maximum income tax level.
The sum of all income tax percentages (municipal income tax, state income taxes and the central government income tax financing health care in the Regions called "health care contribution" (Danish: Sundhedsbidrag)) cannot exceed 51.5%.
On top of the other taxes, members of the Danish National Church pay an addition 0.4% to 1.5% church tax. The rate depends on the municipality. While the church is a state institution, the church tax does not count toward the maximum 59% marginal tax, and one can be exempted from paying this tax.
VAT.
Denmark has a non-deductible value added tax (VAT) of 25%, - MOMS (, formerly "meromsætningsafgift"). The tax is subject to the European Union value added tax Directives.
In Denmark, VAT is generally applied at one rate, and with few exceptions is not split into two or more rates as in other countries (e.g. Germany), where reduced rates apply to essential goods such as foodstuffs. The current standard rate of VAT in Denmark is 25%. VAT in Denmark is one of the highest rates, alongside Norway and Sweden. A number of services have reduced VAT, for instance public transportation of private persons, health care services, publishing newspapers, rent of premises (the lessor can, though, voluntarily register as VAT payer, except for residential premises), and travel agency operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19209108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209108" title="Fyodor Kon">
Fyodor Kon

Fyodor Savelyevich Kon (; fl. 1585–1600) was a 16th-century Russian military engineer and architect, the builder of Smolensk Kremlin (1597–1602) and the Bely Gorod fortification ring of Moscow (1585–1593). 
Exact year and circumstances of his birth and early years remain unknown. Kon, as a mature man, and his relatives living in Moscow appear to be affiliated with the Boldino Monastery near Dorogobuzh, as evidenced by records of their donations to the monastery. Thus it is assumed that Kon's ancestors came to Moscow from Dorogobuzh area.
The architect used nickname "Kon" (Russian for stallion) as early as in 1584, as evidenced by his written plea to Ivan the Terrible. According to this account, Kon ran away to "foreign land", learned construction crafts there, specifically emphasizing his skills in fortifications like city walls, dams, ponds, moats and "secrets" (underground tunnels). Kon received a public beating for his defection but was soon assigned to lead the construction of Bely Gorod - a 10-kilometer outer ring of Moscow fortress that stood on the path of present-day Boulevard Ring. His best known project, the Kremlin of Smolensk, was launched by Boris Godunov in 1597. 
Fyodor Kon has been the subject of an eponymous poem by Dmitri Kedrin (1940).

</doc>
<doc id="19209112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209112" title="Table tennis at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Table tennis at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Table tennis at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of 28 events, 17 for men and 11 for women.
Medal table.
The following five other countries also competed:

</doc>
<doc id="19209115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209115" title="COUP transcription factor">
COUP transcription factor

COUP transcription factor can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19209116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209116" title="Willington School">
Willington School

Willington Independent Preparatory School is situated in Wimbledon, London. It was founded in 1885 and moved to its current location in 1990 after over a century at various villa-type sites in Putney. The first scholarship was awarded in 1888 and the current record for scholarships is the class of 2008 who achieved a total of 15 awards.
Students.
Notable former students include:

</doc>
<doc id="19209123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209123" title="Houston Fort Bend Airport">
Houston Fort Bend Airport

Houston Fort Bend Airport is a privately owned, public use airport located in unincorporated Fort Bend County, Texas, United States. The airport is located east of Beasley and southwest of the central business district of Houston. It was formerly known as Happy Landings Airport.
Facilities.
Houston Fort Bend Airport covers an area of at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 17/35 with a turf surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="19209147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209147" title="Electoral history of George Wallace">
Electoral history of George Wallace

Electoral history of George Wallace, 48th Governor of Alabama (1963–1967, 1971–1979, 1983–1987), 1968 American Independent Party Presidential nominee and candidate for 1964, 1972 and 1976 Democratic Party presidential nomination
Democratic primary for Governor of Alabama, 1958:
Democratic primary for Governor of Alabama runoff, 1958:
Democratic primary for Governor of Alabama, 1962:
Democratic primary for Governor of Alabama runoff, 1962:
Alabama gubernatorial election, 1962:
1964 Democratic presidential primaries:
1968 Democratic presidential primaries:
1968 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally):
United States presidential election, 1968:
Democratic primary for Governor of Alabama, 1970:
Democratic primary for Governor of Alabama runoff, 1970:
Alabama gubernatorial election, 1970:
1972 Democratic presidential primaries:
1972 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally):
1972 Democratic National Convention (Vice Presidential tally):
American Independent Party National Convention, 1972 (Presidential tally):
Democratic primary for Governor of Alabama, 1974:
Alabama gubernatorial election, 1974:
1976 Democratic presidential primaries:
1976 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally):
1976 Democratic National Convention (Vice Presidential tally):
Democratic primary for Governor of Alabama, 1982:
Democratic primary for Governor of Alabama runoff, 1982:
Alabama gubernatorial election, 1982:

</doc>
<doc id="19209154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209154" title="Liberty Manifesto">
Liberty Manifesto

Liberty Manifesto is the debut studio album by the Canadian hard rock band Airtime, a collaboration between guitarist Rik Emmett and "Von Groove" percussionist "Mike Shotton", released in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19209173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209173" title="Senate Page Program">
Senate Page Program

Senate Page Program may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="19209203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209203" title="1903–04 Real Madrid C.F. season">
1903–04 Real Madrid C.F. season

The 1903–04 season was the 2
nd season for Madrid FC. The club played some friendly matches against local clubs. They also played in the Madrid Championship and Copa del Rey. The name of Madrid FC was Madrid–Moderno in this tournament, because of a merger with Moderno.

</doc>
<doc id="19209229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209229" title="Plakophilin">
Plakophilin

Plakophilin are proteins of the cytoskeleton.
Genes include:

</doc>
<doc id="19209231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209231" title="PL type cars">
PL type cars

The PL type carriages were a series of wooden passenger carriages used on the railways of Victoria, Australia. They consisted of the first class APL, second class BPL and combination second and guard's van, BCPL's.
Construction.
When the Victorian Railways began to plan the electrification of the suburban rail network, they planned to include about 200 'excursion' cars, for use during special occasions or events, and when the main system required extra carriages to handle the load. When conversion of locomotive hauled cars into the "Swing Door" electric multiple unit trains occurred, the underframes were rendered surplus. 
Instead of scrapping these, new bodies were fitted, and the carriages became first the APL series, then BPL's. Later, trials began for the BCPL series of passenger cars. In order to construct the carriages, the underframes had to be extended from 45 feet and 50 feet, to 58 feet.
Aside from class conversions and the creation of BCPL cars, as detailed below, the carriages more-or-less remained unchanged besides the fitting of vestibules in the late 1950s and electric lighting in the mid 60s.
Details.
APL cars.
The first ex-swing door conversion was APL 1. (It is believed that the underframe came from BC 2 when it was converted to ABCM 2 in 1917; later becoming 156M, the Jolimont Workshops shunting car.)
Cars APL 1 to APL 26, and APL 28 to APL 33, were all built with Sliding Doors, as per the Tait trains that were being built new for the suburban network at the time. These were found to cause draughts within the carriage compartments during high-speed running on country lines.
Because of the draught problem, APL 27 was built with trial hinged doors. This was a success, and so the original batch of APL's, fitted with sliding doors, were reclassed BPL 56-87.
A new batch of APL's were built to replace the lost APL 1 through APL 26 and APL 28 through APL 33, though APL 27 retained its identity. Then further cars from 34 to 54 were constructed. As a result, although the class never grew beyond APL 54, a total of 87 individual carriages carried the APL code.
In 1928 APL 20 (hinged-door) was converted to a railmotor trailer, coded MT 25. The car later became BCPL 1, as the classleader. 
In 1932 and 1933, fifteen APL cars were converted to BPL's. Second-series APL cars 48, 3, 5, 9, 13, 7, 8, 16, 50, 53, 6, 10, 11, 49 and 15 took BPL numbers 28 and 47 (replacing cars since destroyed) and 88-100. These cars were all converted back to their original APL identities in the mid-1950s.
In 1960, all the remaining APL cars were converted to BPL's, range 88-126. However, when the 15 previously-converted cars were re-converted to BPLs only APL 8 returned to its previous identity of BPL 92. All the other carriages took new numbers.
Through the course of its life, APL 25 (2nd) was the only car in its class to retain its code and number through its whole life.
BPL cars.
BPL stands for: B - second class, P - passageway (centre aisle), L - lavatory fitted.
There were fifty five BPL carriages built between 1919 and 1921. These were followed by conversions from the first batch of APL cars, bringing the class up to BPL 87.
The number group was eventually 1 - 126, including conversions from the first class cars.
When fifteen APL cars were converted to BPL, in 1932/33, their numbers followed on, starting from BPL 88. These cars were later recoded and renumbered back to APL. When the fleet of APL cars were reclassified to BPL in the mid 1960s, the APL cars previously coded BPL were not given their old "BPL" number back. This led to the same BPL number being occupied by different cars thirty years later. Further, after the first batch of APL-BPL conversions was reversed, the numbers BPL 28 and 47 were not re-filled.
The carriages, which were affectionately known as "Bouncing Passenger Lounges," were removed from service by the early 1980s.
BCPL cars.
In 1928 APL 20 was converted to MT 25. In 1940, the car was recoded to BCPL 1. It was the only BCPL car until 1966.
The idea was to reduce the tonnage of short haul interurban trains by incorporating a guards van into a carriage rather than adding a dedicated guards van.
Between 1966 and 1973 another thirty cars were modified with van compartments and recoded to BCPL. Cars 2 through 14 were converted from APL class cars in 1966-67. Cars 15 through 32 were converted from BPL's from 1968 to 1973. Many of these BPL cars had previously been converted from APL cars anyway. Of the 15-32 batch, only cars 21, 24, 25 and 27-30 came from cars that were originally BPLs.
In the late 1970s BCPL 11 was converted to the 'Dance Car' for special train trips. The seats were removed allowing the car to become one large dance floor.
From 1978 to 1988 the cars were withdrawn from service and scrapped.
Demise.
After World War II, the Victorian Railways were seriously run-down, with old rollingstock and lack of maintenance. As a result, patronage began to fall, and combined with motor car travel, the need for local train services fell very quickly.
This, combined with the age of the 'PL' series of passenger cars, caused scrapping to begin in 1978, which lasted until 1988.
Preservation.
Both the Victorian Goldfields Railway and the Mornington Tourist Railway possess PL-series carriages.
The former has BPL 43 and BCPL's 16, 25, 29 and 30. The latter has BCPL 6 and BPL's 78 and 86. Aside from BPL 43, these carriages have all had other identities; respectively, APL 8/BPL 92, BPL 2, BPL 52, BPL 45, APL 6/BPL 96, APL 28 and APL 29. Effectively, four BPLs and two of each type of APL exist.
Model railways.
HO Scale.
Austrains in 2014 displayed pre-production models of their PL-type carriages, with three-carriage sets retailing for $350.00 if ordered before May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19209234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209234" title="Western Sydney International Dragway">
Western Sydney International Dragway

Western Sydney International Dragway, also known as WSID, is a $30 million, purpose built quarter mile drag racing facility that opened in February, 2004. WSID is based on international specifications and combines the best in competitor, spectator and corporate facilities. It is located next to Sydney Motorsport Park, however is controlled by a separate sporting body.
Events.
WSID hosts a large variety of events, ranging from international Top Fuel dragster meetings through to Street Meets where the public can bring their own cars to the track to race. Street Meets are held every Wednesday night, except on days such as Christmas and New Year's Day.
Also held at the dragway was Iqon, an inaugural Australian exclusive event by Q-Dance. 

</doc>
<doc id="19209246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209246" title="Rockey's Air Strip">
Rockey's Air Strip

Rockey's Air Strip is an airport located in unincorporated Cass County, Indiana, United States. The airport is located east of Galveston, Indiana.
The airport is privately owned and managed by R. E. Rocky.

</doc>
<doc id="19209253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209253" title="Achnabat">
Achnabat

Achnabat is a small crofting settlement, on the B862, in Inverness-shire, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19209270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209270" title="Tom Scott (composer)">
Tom Scott (composer)

Thomas Jefferson Scott (born May 28, 1912 in Campbelltown, Kentucky–12 August 1961 New York City) was an American composer and singer.
Biography.
Scott studied music at the University of Kentucky, after which he moved to New York City when he joined Fred Warring's Glee Club. He was soon employed by the group as an arranger. In 1942 he began a successful career as a folk singer. He accompanied himself on the guitar and billed himself as "The American Troubador". He appeared at the Rainbow Room and the Cotillion Room of the Pierre Hotel among other venues. Garnering praise, Scott landed his own radio show which ran for several years. 
Although Scott did write some of his own folk songs he is mostly remembered now for his classical works, and in particular his symphonic pieces which for the most part are rooted in American folk music. His symphonic works include "Ballad of the Harp Weaver", "Binorie Variations", "Colloquy for Strings", "Coney Island", "Fanfare and Cantilena", "Hornpipe and Chantey", "Johnny Appleseed", "Music for String Orchestra", and "Symphony No. 1".
His work "From the Sacred Harp" was performed and recorded in its world premiere by the New York Philharmonic under the baton of Leopold Stokowski.
Among his other compositions are chamber music works, art songs, piano songs, an opera "The Fisherman" (1956), and several television and film scores. He wrote much music for plays at the Robert Herridge Theatre and also wrote the music for Ferdinand Bruckner's play "Gloriana" which premiered on Broadway in 1938. He wrote most of the music for "Camera Three" among other television shows. He married Ruth Walton and they had one daughter, Susanna Scott. 
He died of a heart attack in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="19209288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209288" title="Achnahannet, Strathspey">
Achnahannet, Strathspey

Achnahannet () is a hamlet located northwest of Dulnain Bridge, and three and a half miles west-south-west of Grantown-on-Spey, in the historical county of Morayshire, the Highland, Scotland.
Historically it belonged to the parish of Cromdale. Its name means "Field of the Annat". An old chapel and a well named "Tobar an Domhnaich" is located nearby.
Geography.
Achnahannet Burn flows in the area; it is a tributary of the River Dulnain.The land westward from Achnahannet to Lynmore contains a belt of morainic sands and gravels between the River Dulnain terraces.

</doc>
<doc id="19209300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209300" title="Ron Cohen">
Ron Cohen

Ron Cohen is an American television composer and soundtrack writer. He graduated from the California State University, in Northridge.
Awards and nominations.
Cohen has been nominated for five Daytime Emmy awards, in the categories Outstanding Music Direction and Composition for a Drama Series, and Outstanding Achievement in Musical Direction and Composition for a Drama series, for his work on "The Guiding Light". He was nominated from 1996 to 2004, and won twice in 1996 and 1998. His first DE win was shared with Jonathan Firstenberg, Robyn Cutler, Michael Licari, Rick Rhodes, John Henry Kreitler, Wes Boatman, Danny Lawrence, John E. Young, David Grant, Barry De Vorzon, Richard Hazard, Edward Dzubak, and Alan Bellink.

</doc>
<doc id="19209326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209326" title="Delhi Suburban Railway">
Delhi Suburban Railway

Delhi Suburban Railway is a suburban rail service operated by Northern Railway for the National Capital Region. This railway service covers Delhi, along with the adjoining districts of Faridabad, Ghaziabad and other adjoining places in Haryana and Uttar Pradesh. These services are mostly run using EMU and MEMU rakes. This also includes passenger trains and DMU services up to Rewari in Haryana, which is also considered part of the National Capital Region.
Facilities.
Delhi Suburban Railway uses the same tracks that are also used for long distance trains. In 2009 Ladies Special trains were introduced between New Delhi and Palwal. Two more ladies special train will be connecting from the city to Ghaziabad and Panipat.
Timetable.
The services are currently available on the following routes.
Passenger and DMU services.
At present, EMUs in Delhi run with 12 coaches, of which ten are general compartments and two are ladies compartment. As per the Northern Railway estimates, there are more than 110 suburban trains, which ply on important sections, often crowded beyond limit during peak hours.
Delhi Ring Railway.
Delhi Ring Railway is part of the Delhi Suburban Railway services.The Ring Railway is a circular rail network in Delhi, which runs parallel to the Ring Road and was conceived during the 1982 Asian Games. Started in 1975 to service goods, it later upgraded for the Games, when 24 additional services were started. Its circular route is 35 km long, which the train takes 90–120 minutes to complete, both clockwise and anti-clockwise, via Hazrat Nizamuddin Railway Station, from 8am-7pm. With a return ticket for the entire journey costing 12, compared to with Delhi Metro, which is around 60, it is preferred by poor and middle-class families. It runs seven clockwise and six anti-clockwise trains at a peak frequency of 60-90 min., during the morning and evening rush hours. However in the coming decades Delhi spread far beyond Ring Road, making the ring railway largely redundant. Nevertheless, prior to the 2010 Commonwealth Games, 7 stations near the sports venues, namely Chanakyapuri, Sarojini Nagar, Inderpuri Halt, Lajpat Nagar, Sewa Nagar, Lodhi Colony and Safdarjung, received a facelift at the cost of 3 crores.
The ring-railway service was introduced on a track laid in the 1975 so that the large number of goods trains originating, terminating, or passing through the city, could bypass the main passenger stations at New Delhi, Old Delhi and Hazrat Nizamuddin. The track was called the 'Delhi Avoiding Line'. Today, however, the Northern Railway’s service for passengers within the city has become something which Delhiites are avoiding. There are 12 electric trains on the ring rail. Only three of the twelve EMUs run to full capacity. The rest have just 1-2% occupancy. The ring railway starts and ends at the Hazrat Nizamuddin Railway Station with trains running in both clockwise and anti-clockwise directions around the city.
Popularity with commuters.
The system is not popular among individual travelers and has been a total failure as far as public transport is considered. Delhi Ring Railway is considered as an example of failed mass transit system. The major reasons for failure of the system are lack of workable connections to other methods of transportation as well as a low-density population in the areas of reach. Making matters worse, the station exits usually open into narrow, dirty alleyways - often more than a kilometer away from the main road.
The network is now utilized as a freight corridor, though limited passenger EMU train services are available during peak hours. When New Delhi, Old Delhi and Hazrat Nizamuddin stations get overloaded, many of these trains are diverted and made to wait on Delhi's ring rail network.
Future development.
With Delhi Metro growing at a rapid pace, there has been very little focus to improve the condition of the Delhi Suburban Railway. There have been reports of strengthening the services so that more commuters can avail themselves of the facility. Feasibility studies have also been done, and in deference to the commuter demand, there were also plans to start EMU services from Gurgaon. An integrated rail-bus transit (IRBT) system to connect Delhi with the satellite towns of Gurgaon, Ghaziabad, and Sahibabad is being promoted by the government.
A feasibility study has already been completed, and a steering committee has been appointed to monitor the project. The IRBT will have two dedicated tracks.
There has been talk of creating a new Orbital Rail network on the outer perimeters of the city, to ease pressure on the lines within the city. However, no formal plans have been made regarding this.

</doc>
<doc id="19209332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209332" title="Secretary of State of Indiana">
Secretary of State of Indiana

The Secretary of State of the U.S. state of Indiana is one of five constitutional officers originally designated in Indiana's State Constitution of 1816. Since 1851 it has been an elected position. The Secretary of State oversees four divisions, and is considered to be the second most powerful member of the executive branch of the state government. The Secretary serves as the State's chief election officer, enforces state securities regulations, regulates automobile dealerships in Indiana, and manages the state business services division. The current office holder is Connie Lawson, who was appointed by Gov. Mitch Daniels to serve out the term of former Secretary of State Charlie White, who was removed from office due to felony convictions. The annual salary of the Secretary of State of Indiana is $66,000.
Qualifications and term limits.
The Indiana Secretary of State is a constitutional office first established in the 1816 Constitution of Indiana. Between 1816 and until 1851, the Secretary of State was nominated by the governor and confirmed by the state senate. With the adoption of the current constitution in 1851 the Secretary of State's office was filled by a public statewide election every four years.
To be eligible to serve as Secretary of State, a candidate must be a registered voter who is at least 30 years old on the day they take the oath of office. Secretaries of State take office on December 1 following their election and hold office for four years. Should they resign, be impeached, or die in office the governor has the power to appoint a temporary Secretary of State to serve until the next general election. The new Secretary of State, either appointed or elected, may only complete the term of the previous Secretary of State, not serve a new four-year term. A Secretary of State may be reelected any number of times, but may serve no more than eight years in any 12-year period. As of 2007, the salary for the secretary is $66,000 annually.
Secretary of State elections determine party status in Indiana. A party's Secretary of State candidate must garner at least 10 percent of the vote for his or her party to be considered a major party in the state.
Powers.
The Indiana Secretary of State is a constitutional office in the executive branch of the Government of Indiana. The constitution delegates power to oversee state elections by registering candidates, creating ballots, and certifying winners. Additionally all campaign financing information is also reported to the secretary who ensures it is compliant with state laws. This is accomplished through the Indiana Election Commission which is headed by the secretary who must personally sign off on all decisions. In cases of contested election, the Secretary of state is also the head of the State Recount Commission which has final authority in certifying elections.
The Indiana General Assembly has granted the secretary additional statutory powers to maintain the state's registry of notaries, overseeing the state's criminal records, and managing the statewide human resources and payroll for the entire state government. The secretary oversees all these tasks as the head of the Indiana Department of Administration which has a several hundred member staff which is hired through the state merit system, denying the secretary a significant number of patronage position under his control.
The Indiana Securities Division is placed under the leadership of the secretary. The division is statutory and is responsible for enforcing regulations on the purchase, sale, and trade of all security investments in the state. The division is responsible for granting operating licenses to collection agencies who wish to collect debts within the state. The division investigates violations of the state securities laws, can levy fines on law violators, and can request the Indiana Attorney General peruse criminal charges. As of 2007, the division regulated over 1,000 trading firms and their nearly 40,000 agents.
The secretary also heads the statutory Division of Business Services. The division is responsible for maintaining the records of all corporations operating within Indiana, which in 2007 amounted to over 250,000 active and inactive corporations. Non-profit businesses, limited liability companies, and limited liability partnerships also are required to register with the division. The division also approves trademarks and service marks for state companies. The division also maintains Indiana's Uniform Commercial Code which documents the assets and finances of businesses that fall under jurisdiction of the code. In 2007, approximately one million records were kept in accordance with the code.
Duties.
The Office of Secretary of State is one of five constitutional officers originally designated in Indiana's State Constitution of 1816. Sixty-one Hoosiers have served as the third highest-ranking official in state government.
Early duties of the office included the maintenance of state records and preservation of the state seal. But as state government expanded, so did the responsibilities of the Secretary of State. Present responsibilities include chartering of new business, regulation of the securities industry, administering regulations relating to the registration of motorized vehicle dealers, and oversight of state elections.
Organization of Office.
The Executive Office, located in the Indiana Statehouse, oversees the overall policy, management, and budgeting for the entire office. Four main divisions comprise the balance of the office: Elections, Business Services, Securities and Dealer Services.
Elections - The Elections Division assists the Secretary of State in carrying out the responsibilities assigned as Indiana's chief elections officer. The bipartisan division is composed of an equal number of Democrats and Republicans. The division's administrative responsibilities include overseeing the candidate declaration process, certifying election results, and maintaining campaign finance reports. The Secretary of State also serves as chairperson for the Indiana Recount Commission and participates in voter outreach projects aimed at increasing voter participation. The Indiana Election Commission, as opposed to the Division, is an independently appointed Commission of two Republicans and two Democrats. The commission deals with questions associated with violations of the Indiana election laws, and with the imposition of penalties.
Business Services - The Business Services Division administers all business-related responsibilities for the Secretary of State including the chartering of new businesses, the filing of commercial liens, and the issuance of trademarks, notaries public and summonses.
Securities - The Securities Division oversees Indiana's securities industry. The division is charged with protecting Hoosier investors by bringing enforcement actions against companies and individuals selling securities in violation of Indiana's securities laws and by educating Hoosiers about prudent investing. Over the past four years, the division has imposed a record amount in fines and penalties against scam artists preying upon unsuspecting Hoosier investors.
Dealer Services - Dealer Services administers regulations relating to the registration of motorized vehicle dealers, including dealers for automobiles, watercraft, off-road vehicles and automobile salvage.

</doc>
<doc id="19209337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209337" title="Skyway Manor Airport">
Skyway Manor Airport

Skyway Manor Airport is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Pearland, a city in Brazoria County, Texas, United States. The airport is privately owned by Skyway Manor.
Facilities and aircraft.
Skyway Manor Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 55 feet (17 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 17/35 with a turf surface measuring 2,550 by 70 feet (777 x 21 m). For the 12-month period ending November 22, 2006, the airport had 2,400 aircraft operations, an average of 200 per month, all of which were general aviation. There are no commercial flights.

</doc>
<doc id="19209354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209354" title="Conor Gillaspie">
Conor Gillaspie

Conor Michael Gillaspie (born July 18, 1987) is a Major League Baseball third baseman for the Chicago White Sox.
Professional career.
San Francisco Giants (2008, 2011-2012).
Gillaspie played in the Cape Cod Baseball League during the summer of 2007, leading the entire league in hitting with a .345 batting average. He led the Falmouth Commodores to the championship series against the Yarmouth-Dennis Red Sox, but could not play in the series as he had to return to school. He was named the MVP of the Cape League. 
Gillaspie was drafted by the San Francisco Giants 37th overall in the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft out of Wichita State University. He played only 24 games in the minors before being called up to the majors on September 6, 2008. He got his first major league hit off Dan Haren on September 16, 2008.
On June 5, 2011, Gillaspie was recalled to the major leagues when Brandon Belt was placed on the 15-day disabled list.
On Tuesday September 27, 2011, Gillaspie hit an inside the park home run against Rockies pitcher Esmil Rogers.
Gillaspie began 2012 with Triple-A Fresno, hitting .362 with 3 HR and 13 RBI in 23 games before being recalled to San Francisco when Pablo Sandoval was placed on the 15-day DL. He got his first hit (a single) of the 2012 season on June 10 against the Texas Rangers.
Chicago White Sox (2013-present).
On February 22, 2013, the San Francisco Giants traded Gillaspie to the Chicago White Sox for minor-league pitcher Jeff Soptic. 

</doc>
<doc id="19209357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209357" title="Jaya Indravarman VI">
Jaya Indravarman VI

Jaya Indravarman VI was the king of Champa from 1254 to 1265. During his reign, the Mongols invaded Champa under commander Sogetu under Kublai Khan. Sogetu captured the port of Vijaya, but was defeated by Cham guerillas in the mountains after advancing to defeat Jaya Indravarman VI.

</doc>
<doc id="19209364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209364" title="Follistatin-related protein">
Follistatin-related protein

Follistatin-related protein can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19209378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209378" title="Galveston Airport">
Galveston Airport

Galveston Airport is a public-use airport in unincorporated Cass County, Indiana, United States. The airport is located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Galveston, Indiana.
Facilities.
Galveston Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 786 feet (240 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 18/36 with a turf surface measuring 2,720 by 75 feet (829 x 23 m).

</doc>
<doc id="19209386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209386" title="Parkway (St. John's)">
Parkway (St. John's)

The Parkway is a major arterial road in the city of St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador. It consists of three distinct roads that form a single through route: Columbus Drive, Prince Philip Drive, and Macdonald Drive. A four-lane limited-access road with a speed limit of 70 km/h along most of its length, the parkway begins at an intersection with Pitts Memorial Drive in the city's west end and terminates at Logy Bay Road in the east end.
Segments.
Columbus Drive runs in a general south-to-north direction from Pitts Memorial Drive to Thorburn Road. It passes Bowring Park, the Village Mall, the edge of the west end residential area, and the Avalon Mall. Also known as the Crosstown Arterial, Columbus Drive was constructed in order to improve traffic circulation in the city by linking Kenmount Road and Prince Philip Drive with Topsail Road and Pitts Memorial Drive. Built on land purchased by the city in 1970, the road was opened in December 1981.
Prince Philip Drive, constructed in the late 1960s, runs in an east-west direction from Thorburn Road to Portugal Cove Road. Passing through Pippy Park, Prince Philip Drive provides access to several significant institutions: the Health Sciences Centre and Janeway Children's Hospital, the CBC's St. John's studios, the main Memorial University of Newfoundland campus, the St. John's Arts and Culture Centre, the Confederation Building, and the College of the North Atlantic.
Macdonald Drive runs in an east-west direction from Portugal Cove Road to Logy Bay Road. Unlike Columbus Drive and Prince Philip Drive, Macdonald Drive is not a limited-access road and is intersected by several residential side streets.
Safety.
Seven of ten of the most dangerous intersections in the city of St. John's are located on the Parkway. In order of severity, these are:
Intersections.
The following roads intersect with the Parkway. Macdonald Drive is also intersected by several residential side streets, which are not listed in the table. 

</doc>
<doc id="19209390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209390" title="Gabriel C. Wharton">
Gabriel C. Wharton

Gabriel Colvin Wharton (July 23, 1824 – May 12, 1906) was an American civil engineer and soldier who served as a general in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War. After the war he was a politician and later resumed his engineering work.
Early life and career.
Wharton was born in Culpeper County, Virginia, in the summer of 1824. He entered Virginia Military Institute in Lexington on September 1, 1845. Wharton graduated on July 5, 1847, finishing 2nd out of 12 cadets as a "distinguished graduate." 
After leaving VMI he then became a civil engineer. Later Wharton moved to the Arizona Territory and took up work as a mining engineer.
Civil War service.
At the start of the American Civil War in 1861, Wharton chose to follow his home state of Virginia and the Confederate cause, and entered the Confederate Army. He was appointed a major in the 45th Virginia Infantry on July 1, and soon afterward was given command of the 51st Virginia Infantry on July 17, with the rank of colonel. 
The 51st Virginia was part of Maj. Gen. John B. Floyd's operations in western Virginia, and escaped with Floyd on February 14, 1862, during the Battle of Fort Donelson. Wharton was then sent to the Western Theater, and commanded several brigades in various Confederate departments from February to September 1864. During this time Wharton was promoted to brigadier general, effective July 8, 1863. 
Also during 1863 he married Nannie Radford, and they would have one child together, a son named William. In the winter of 1863, Wharton served in Lt. Gen. James Longstreet's operations against Knoxville, Tennessee, which were ultimately unsuccessful and ended in the spring of 1864.
Wharton then returned to the Eastern Theater and was given divisional command in the Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia. Wharton also took part in the Battle of New Market on May 15. His brigade was part of Maj. Gen. John C. Breckinridge's force, fighting on the left during the Confederate victory at New Market.
In 1864 Wharton participated in the Overland Campaign, fighting in Breckinridge's division during the Confederate victory at Battle of Cold Harbor from May 31 – June 12. His brigade also participated in the Battle of Monocacy on July 9. Wharton was part of Lt. Gen. Jubal Early's operations in his Valley Campaigns, and he participated in the Confederate defeat at the Battle of Cedar Creek on October 19. He also fought in the Battle of Waynesboro, Virginia on March 2, 1865, at the end of which his command was largely dispersed and Early's army virtually destroyed. Wharton led what was left of his division until May 2. He was paroled at the end of the war from Lynchburg, Virginia, on June 4.
Postbellum.
Wharton became a legislator in the Virginia General Assembly and then returned to his pre-war career as a mining engineer. He was also instrumental in building the railroad in Southwest Virginia in New River Valley.
Wharton died in the spring of 1906 at Radford, Virginia, at the age of 81, and was buried in the Wharton Family Cemetery located in Radford. He resided at Glencoe in Radford, listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19209418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209418" title="Achmore, Highland">
Achmore, Highland

Achmore (Scots Gaelic Acha Mòr) (English: "big field") is a hamlet located close to the south shore of Loch Carron, approximately seven miles east of the village of Plockton near Stromeferry and within the Highland Council area, Scotland. 
It is known for its shinty-playing family, the 'Ach' Macraes, who use the diminutive 'Ach' to distinguish themselves from other septs of Macraes in the area. Members of the family include Johnny 'Ach' Macrae and his brother, Neil 'Ach' Macrae, who both played for Kinlochshiel Shinty Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19209436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209436" title="Indiana Department of Education">
Indiana Department of Education

The Indiana Department of Education oversees primary and secondary education in the U.S. state of Indiana. The department is managed by the Indiana Superintendent of Public Instruction, an elected office currently held by Glenda Ritz. The Superintendent serves as voting member and the chair of the Indiana State Board of Education, an eleven member body with its ten other members appointed by the Governor of Indiana. The board sets statewide school policy and has limited control over curriculum. The department's offices are located on the second floor of the Indiana Statehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19209447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209447" title="Li Shucheng">
Li Shucheng

Li Shucheng (Chinese: 李書城; 1882–1965) was a senior leader of Kuomintang, and a politician of the People's Republic of China. 
In 1921, the first National Congress of the Communist Party of China was held in his house in Shanghai, thus the CPC was founded. 
After the establishment of the People's Republic of China, Li served as the first Minister of Agriculture of PRC.

</doc>
<doc id="19209465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209465" title="GSK-189,254">
GSK-189,254

GSK-189,254 is a potent and selective H3-receptor inverse agonist developed by GlaxoSmithKline. It has subnanomolar affinity for the H3 receptor (Ki 0.2nM) and selectivity of over 10,000x for H3 over other histamine receptor subtypes. Animal studies have shown it to possess not only stimulant and nootropic effects, but also analgesic action suggesting a role for H3 receptors in pain processing in the spinal cord. GSK-189,254 and several other related drugs are currently being investigated as a treatment for Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia, as well as possible use in the treatment of conditions such as narcolepsy, or neuropathic pain which do not respond well to conventional analgesic drugs.

</doc>
<doc id="19209475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209475" title="First Dude">
First Dude

First Dude may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19209481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209481" title="Drivin' Hard">
Drivin' Hard

Drivin' Hard, released in May 1981 on the Polydor label, is the first album by Shakatak.

</doc>
<doc id="19209524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209524" title="Ardclach">
Ardclach

Ardclach (Gaelic: Àird Chlach) is a small crofting hamlet, close to Glenferness in the old county of Nairn, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19209525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209525" title="Volleyball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Volleyball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Volleyball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of two events, men's standing and sitting volleyball.

</doc>
<doc id="19209547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209547" title="Aimé Cotton">
Aimé Cotton

Aimé Auguste Cotton (9 October 1869 – 16 April 1951) was a French physicist known for his studies of the interaction of light with chiral molecules. In the absorption bands of these molecules, he discovered large values of optical rotatory dispersion (ORD), or variation of optical rotation as a function of wavelength (Cotton effect), as well as circular dichroism or differences of absorption between left and right circularly polarized light.
Biography.
Aimé Cotton was born in Bourg-en-Bresse, Ain on 9 October 1869. His grandfather was director of the École normale (teachers' college) of Bourg, and his father, Eugène Cotton, was a mathematics professor at the college of Bourg, the institution where physicist André-Marie Ampère began his career. His brother Émile Cotton was a mathematician and academician. 
Aimé Cotton attended a lycée (high school) in Bourg and then the special mathematics program at the Lycée Blaise Pascal in Clermont-Ferrand. He entered the École normale supérieure in 1889, and won the physical sciences prize on graduating in 1893.
As a graduate student at the physics laboratory of the École normale supérieure, he then prepared his doctoral thesis in physical sciences. In this thesis he studied the interactions of polarized light with optically active substances containing chiral molecules. In absorption bands of these substances, he found large variations of optical rotation as a function of wavelength, now known as optical rotatory dispersion (ORD) or as the Cotton effect.
He also discovered the related phenomenon of circular dichroism, or unequal absorption of left and right circularly polarized light.
He was appointed maître de conférences in the science faculty at Toulouse in 1895, and defended his doctoral thesis in 1896 before the science faculty of the University of Paris. His thesis was entitled "Research on the absorption and dispersion of light by substances capable of optical rotation". In 1900, he was appointed assistant professor as a temporary replacement for Jules Violle. In 1904 he was appointed instructor, and in 1910 assistant professor at the science faculty of the University of Paris, assigned to the École normale supérieure, where he remained until 1922.
During this period his research dealt with the interactions of light and magnetism. He worked first with Pierre Weiss on the Zeeman effect, the splitting of spectral lines in the presence of a magnetic field. For this work he invented the Cotton balance to measure the magnetic field intensity precisely. With Weiss he studied the magnetic splitting of the blue lines of the zinc atom and in 1907 they were able to determine the ratio of the electron's charge to its mass (e/m) with better precision than the method of J.J. Thomson. 
Cotton then became interested in the Faraday effect near absorption lines and demonstrated magnetic circular dichroism. At the same time, he worked with his former classmate Henri Mouton, a biologist at the Pasteur Institute, on magnetic birefringence in colloïdal solutions of magnetic particles. In 1907 the two discovered the Cotton-Mouton effect, an intense magnetic birefringence with optical axis parallel to the magnetic field lines.
In 1913 he married Eugénie Feytis, also a physicist. They had three children. During World War I he and Pierre Weiss developed the Cotton-Weiss system for locating enemy artillery.
He supervised the thesis work of Georges Bruhat on circular dichroïsm and optical rotatory dispersion (1914). In 1917 he helped to found the Institut d'optique théorique et appliquée, now the École supérieure d'optique. In 1914, he proposed construction of a large electromagnet capable of producing intense magnetic fields. Work on the magnet finally started in 1924 in the Service des recherches et inventions at Bellevue, later the Laboratoire du magnétisme at Meudon-Bellevue, and finally the Laboratoire Aimé Cotton in his honour. Magnetic fields as high as to 7 teslas were attained.
In 1919, he became chairman of the physics committee of the Direction des Inventions intéressant la défense nationale (Directorate of Inventions relevant to National Defense). In 1920 he was named professor of the new chair of theoretical physics and astrophysics at the Faculty of Sciences of the University of Paris. In 1922 he succeeded Gabriel Lippmann in the chair of general physics, and at the same time became director of physics research in the faculty. In 1923 he was elected to the French Academy of Sciences, and in 1938 he was elected its president. He retired in 1941 and was replaced by Jean Cabannes as professor and laboratory directory, although he retained the direction of the magneto-optics laboratory at Bellevue. Also in 1941 he was imprisoned by the German occupiers at Fresnes for one and a half months, and was later awarded the Rosette de la résistance. He died on April 16, 1951 at Sèvres.
External links.
Bibliography (in French) of some 20th-century physicists. From the Centre d'initiation à l'Enseignement Supérieur (CIES) of Lyon

</doc>
<doc id="19209551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209551" title="USS Muskingum (AK-198)">
USS Muskingum (AK-198)

USS "Muskingum" (AK-198) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. "Muskingum" supported the end-of-war Navy effort and was subsequently placed in service with the U.S. Army as USAT "V-108". In 1950 she was reclaimed by the Navy as USNS "Muskingum" (T-AK-198) and remained in her service until struck in 1973.
Built in Superior, Wisconsin.
"Muskingum", a cargo ship, was laid down 26 January 1944; launched by Globe Shipbuilding Co., Superior, Wisconsin, 30 June 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Henry Larson; and commissioned 24 April 1945 at Houston, Texas, Lt. M. H. Bryant in command.
World War II-related service.
After shakedown, she departed Gulfport, Mississippi, 26 May 1945 with cargo for the Pacific Ocean. She arrived at Subic Bay, Philippine Islands, 4 August 1945 via the Panama Canal and Manus, the Admiralty Islands. The next few months were spent in carrying passengers and freight between Philippine ports. 
She departed Tacloban, Leyte, 24 January 1946, arriving Yokohama 31 January. The ship was decommissioned 7 March 1946 and turned over to the War Shipping Administration (WSA) for future transfer to the U.S. Army Transportation Corps. She was striken from the Navy List 5 June 1946.
The cargo ship was designated "V-208" and operated between ports in Japan, Korea, and the Mariana Islands under control of the Japanese Merchant Marine. Overall control was exercised by Supreme Commander of Allied Forces, Japan.
Reacquired from the U.S. Army.
"Muskingum" was operated by Japanese under jurisdiction of the U.S. Army until 1 July 1950, when she was reinstated on the Navy List for operations under Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) WesPac (Western Pacific). During the Korean War, she carried supplies between Japan and Korea.
Since 1951, AK-198 has been under control of MSTS Far East, operating out of Japan. Besides providing logistical support for U.S. forces in Korea, "Muskingum" carried supplies to American and Allied forces in South Vietnam.
Decommissioning.
"Muskingum" continued with service with the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) until an unknown date and was struck from the Navy List on 15 June 1973. On 1 April 1982 "Muskingum" was transferred to the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands Navy.
Her subsequent fate is not known.
Honors and awards.
Qualified "Muskingum" personnel were eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19209555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209555" title="KCNU1">
KCNU1

Potassium channel, subfamily U, member 1, also known as KCNU1, is a gene encoding the KCa5.1 protein. 
Although this channel is structurally related to the calcium-activated potassium channels, it cannot be classified as such since it is activated by high intracellular pH and relatively insensitive to changes in calcium concentrations.
References.
Celia M. Santi, Alice Butler, Julia Kuhn, Aguan Wei, Lawrence Salkoff. Bovine and mouse SLO3 K+ channels: Evolutionary divergence points to a RCK1 region of critical function. J Biol Chem.284: 21589-98 (2009).
Further reading.
Celia M. Santi, Alice Butler, Julia Kuhn, Aguan Wei, Lawrence Salkoff. Bovine and mouse SLO3 K+ channels: Evolutionary divergence points to a RCK1 region of critical function. J Biol Chem.284: 21589-98 (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19209575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209575" title="Counter-arch">
Counter-arch

A counter-arch is built adjacent to another arch to oppose its forces or help stabilize it. 

</doc>
<doc id="19209588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209588" title="Wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of men's and women's team events.
Medal summary.
Source: Paralympic.org 

</doc>
<doc id="19209591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209591" title="Ballbreaker World Tour">
Ballbreaker World Tour

The Ballbreaker World Tour was a rock concert tour played by the hard rock band AC/DC, which had 5 legs around the world lasting 11 months starting on 12 January 1996 in Greensboro, NC finishing on 30 November 1996 in Christchurch, New Zealand. The tour saw the return of drummer Phil Rudd to the lineup making it his first tour with the group since 1981's For Those About to Rock tour. Live footage can be found on the DVD " No Bull ", filmed at Plaza de Toros Las Ventas, Madrid, Spain during the tour. A few more shows were released on the DVD box set "Plug Me In" released in 2007. Four shows were postponed in the early leg so Brian Johnson could attend his father's funeral.
A video was played at the beginning of each concert featuring Beavis and Butt-head attempting to get into the band's dressing room, only to be chased away by a female security guard sent by Angus Young.
Each concert on the tour started with a large wrecking ball 'destroying' part of the stage, forming a gap in the stage, where the band would emerge before playing "Back in Black." During the song "Ballbreaker," Brian Johnson would climb onto the top of the wrecking ball to sing. At the beginning of "Highway to Hell," the wrecking ball would drop onto the floor of the stage creating a "hole to hell," after which Angus would emerge from the hole in a cage from hell before playing the song.
Typical Setlist.
Encore:
First Night Setlist.
Encore:

</doc>
<doc id="19209592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209592" title="Beltex (sheep)">
Beltex (sheep)

The Beltex is a breed of domestic sheep. A portmanteau of Belgian and Texel, the name reflects the breed's origin as an offshoot of Texel sheep from Belgium. In the late 1980s, Belgian Texels were exported to the United Kingdom, and it was there that it was primarily refined into its modern form. It is primarily used in Europe as a terminal sire, meaning Beltex rams are prized for mating with ewes to produce lambs for meat.
Characteristics.
The Beltex is a white faced sheep with medium-length wool. It is best known for its extremely heavy muscling, especially in the hindquarters. Rams on average weigh and ewes at maturity. At the withers, rams grow to and ewes at maturity.

</doc>
<doc id="19209599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209599" title="Greg Wood (magician)">
Greg Wood (magician)

Illusionist Greg Wood is an award winning magician, speaker, and comedian who has performed throughout Canada and the northern United States. He has also performed in Sri Lanka. England, Hong Kong, India and Mexico. Greg has also lectured for other magicians in England, Canada, and India.
Greg started in theatre in his teens and worked with:
He left performing to attend post secondary education and to become a professional Land Surveyor. He ran a successful Land Surveying and Consulting Business for over 20 years. Woods returned to the performing arts in the early 1990s as he started to perform magic and illusions, and left his business to become a full time entertainer.
Greg has had some of his original tricks published for other magicians, has appeared on TV a number of times including CBC’s “On The Road”, Global’s “It’s a New Day”, and CityTV’s “Breakfast Television” and was also appeared on the cover of “Seeing Truth” an international magic magazine.
Over the last several years he and his wife Oonaugh have entertained hundreds of thousands with their comedy and magic at festivals, schools, churches, and corporate events. Greg is a three-time winner of Winnipeg’s “Best of Variety Act” and has twice won Manitoba’s “Close Up Conjuror’s” award.

</doc>
<doc id="19209638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209638" title="Cullin">
Cullin

Cullins are a family of hydrophobic proteins providing a scaffold for ubiquitin ligases (E3). All eukaryotes appear to have cullins. They combine with RING proteins to form "Cullin-RING ubiquitin ligases" (CRLs) that are highly diverse and play a role in a myriad of cellular processes. 
Human genome contains seven cullin genes:
CUL1, 2, 3, 4A, 4B, 5 and 7 each form part of a multi-subunit ubiquitin complex. 
Cullin-RING ubiquitin ligases (CRLs), such as Cul1 (SCF) play an essential role in targeting proteins for ubiquitin-mediated destruction; as such, they are diverse in terms of composition and function, regulating many different processes from glucose sensing and DNA replication to limb patterning and circadian rhythms. The catalytic core of CRLs consists of a RING protein and a cullin family member. For Cul1, the C-terminal cullin-homology domain binds the RING protein. The RING protein appears to function as a docking site for ubiquitin-conjugating enzymes (E2s). Other proteins contain a cullin-homology domain, such as the APC2 subunit of the anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome and the p53 cytoplasmic anchor PARC; both APC2 and PARC have ubiquitin ligase activity. The N-terminal region of cullins is more variable, and is used to interact with specific adaptor proteins.
With the exception of APC2, each member of the cullin family is modified by Nedd8 and several cullins function in Ubiquitin-dependent proteolysis, a process in which the 26S proteasome recognises and subsequently degrades a target protein tagged with K48-linked poly-ubiquitin chains. Nedd8/Rub1 is a small ubiquitin-like protein, which was originally found to be conjugated to Cdc53, a cullin component of the SCF (Skp1-Cdc53/CUL1-F-box protein) E3 Ub ligase complex in "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" (Baker's yeast), and Nedd8 modification has now emerged as a regulatory pathway of fundamental importance for cell cycle control and for embryogenesis in metazoans. The only identified Nedd8 substrates are cullins. Neddylation results in covalent conjugation of a Nedd8 moiety onto a conserved cullin lysine residue.

</doc>
<doc id="19209649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209649" title="Ankerville">
Ankerville

Ankerville () is a village, located in Nigg, Ross-shire, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19209655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209655" title="Concierto">
Concierto

Concierto is an album by the Jim Hall sextet, featuring Paul Desmond, Chet Baker, Ron Carter, Steve Gadd and Roland Hanna. It was produced by Creed Taylor for his CTI Records label and recorded at Van Gelder Studio in New Jersey on April 16 and 23, 1975. "Concierto" is named after the featured 19-minute jazz version of the classical piece for guitar, "Concierto de Aranjuez" by Joaquín Rodrigo.
Track listing.
Bonus tracks on CD reissue:
"Tracks 3, 4 recorded on April 16, 1975; tracks 1, 2, 6, 8 on April 23, 1975."

</doc>
<doc id="19209669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209669" title="Platinum Dunes">
Platinum Dunes

Platinum Dunes is an American production company created in 2001 by filmmakers Michael Bay, Brad Fuller, and Andrew Form. The company specializes in horror films, particularly remakes, though none of those films became a critical success.
On October 7, 2009 Paramount Pictures announced a first-look deal with Platinum Dunes. They plan to branch out of the horror genre into action and thrillers with this new deal. Their first project together will be "The Butcherhouse Chronicles". On May 27, 2010, it was announced they will work on the reboot to the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" film series of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="19209699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209699" title="Auchentoul">
Auchentoul

Auchentoul is a small village, located in Kinbrace, in the north west of Sutherland, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19209703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209703" title="Wheelchair fencing at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair fencing at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair fencing at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of 15 events, 9 for men and 6 for women.
Medal table.
The following countries also competed:

</doc>
<doc id="19209711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209711" title="Stixaceae">
Stixaceae

Stixaceae is a family in the plant order Brassicales. It is no longer recognised by most taxonomists. The three genera formerly included in Stixaceae — "Forchhammeria", "Stixis" and "Tirania" — have sometimes been placed instead in the Capparaceae, but it is now clear that they do not belong there. It is unknown where they do belong though, so currently they are unplaced at family rank.

</doc>
<doc id="19209728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209728" title="Lake Niangua">
Lake Niangua

Lake Niangua is a hydroelectric lake in southern Camden County, Missouri, USA, on the Niangua River. The lake has a public access with a boat ramp and picnic area.
History of the Tunnel Dam.
The site for the tunnel dam was chosen because a long cave was found that extended ridge separating the upper and lower bents of the river. In 1911, the cave was then modified so the river flowed through it during dam construction. There is usually no water running between the dam and the lake's powerhouse.
Hydroelectricity.
Hydroelectric engineers then placed a powerhouse at the upper end of the tunnel for hydroelectricity. In 1930, the powerhouse was moved to the lower end of the tunnel taking advantage of the drop. The powerhouse has two turbines. The hydroelectric equipment provides 3 megawatts of power for nearby residents.
Geography of the Lake.
The lake is only a few feet deep so larger boats are not able to access this lake. To the north there is a steep ridge that is only a few hundred feet wide, this ridge makes the river go an extra four miles (6 km) between the dam and the powerhouse. The shoreline is almost entirely wooded around the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19209793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209793" title="Brazilian Dawn">
Brazilian Dawn

Brazilian Dawn was the second and final single released from the Shakatak album "Drivin' Hard". It was released in July 1981 in 7" and 12" single formats.

</doc>
<doc id="19209828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209828" title="Achnasaul">
Achnasaul

Achnasaul () is a village, located on the shores of Loch Arkaig, close to Spean Bridge, Inverness-shire, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland. 

</doc>
<doc id="19209879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209879" title="Ardechive">
Ardechive

Ardechive () is a small crofting hamlet, located on the shores of Loch Arkaig, close to Achnasaul and Spean Bridge, county of Inverness-shire, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19209889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209889" title="UC Juice">
UC Juice

UC Juice, Union County Juice, is the monthly newspaper for the Union County Vocational Technical Schools (UCVTS) campus. It is based in the Academy for Information Technology building. While it is called a newspaper, it more closely resembles a magazine in that it is made using duplex A4 paper stapled with three staples on the right binding. The staff use Adobe InDesign as its layout program.
The original name for UC Juice was TechToday. It was changed due to the addition of the Academy for Performing Arts school on campus, rendering the name "Tech"Today unfitting for the campus newspaper.
History.
TechToday was founded in 2006-2007 school year. During its first year it released 3 issues, typically around four pages long. Each edition consited of a news section and an arts section (called TechToday Arts).
At the end of the 2006/2007 school year, management was failing and most of the work was being done by the advisor at the time. He appointed two new editors, Phyllis Lee and Taylor Kelly, to take over the next year. 
At the 2007-2008 club fair, TechToday had approximately 150 people sign up to join the club. Throughout the year, it had six issues released. It went through a layout program change, from Microsoft Publisher to Apple Pages. It also went under a layout design change, which was well received across campus. 
At the 2008-2009 club fair, TechToday had 119 people sign up to join the club. It is planning on switching from Apple Pages to Adobe InDesign as its layout program.
On September 16, 2008, TechToday changed its name to UC Juice. Because the name 'TechToday' did not fit the addition of the Academy for Performing Arts to the UCVTS campus, the name was decided to be changed. The other possible choices were: 'UCVTS Utopian', 'The Ubiquitarian', 'UC Inquirer', 'UCVTS United', and 'UC Juice', and were voted on. UC Juice won by a landslide. The name UC Juice was originated from the nickname of one of the freshman members, Juice.
In 2010 the paper changed its name once again, becoming "The Campus Inquirer". Which it is still named today.

</doc>
<doc id="19209894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209894" title="Naval Station Treasure Island">
Naval Station Treasure Island

Naval Station Treasure Island is a former United States Navy facility that operated on Treasure Island in San Francisco Bay from 1942 to 1997.
History.
During World War II, Treasure Island became part of the Treasure Island Naval Base, and served as an electronics and radio communications training school, and as the major Navy departure and receiving point for sailors in the Pacific aboard surface ships and submarines. The Naval Station also served as an Auxiliary Air Facility airfield for airships, blimps, dirigibles, planes, and seaplanes by Hangars / Bldgs. 2 & 3. The seaplanes landed in the Port of Trade Winds Harbor. For his dedicated service in developing the Treasure Island Naval Station and Auxiliary Air Facility from inception the US Navy honored Rear Admiral Hugo Wilson Osterhaus (1878-1972) by naming the square in front of the Administration Building (at Bldg 1 on 1 Avenue of the Palms) after him. Also, World War II Medal of Honor recipient Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone USMC had a base movie theater (at Bldg 401 on Avenue I and 9th Street) named in his honor.
After the war, a training center for nuclear decontamination was established on the island. A full size mockup of a navy ship dubbed the "USS Pandemonium" was constructed in July 1956. Radioactive materials were placed on the land-locked ship in order to train crews in radioactive detection and cleanup. The "Pandemonium" remained in use until July 1969. It was moved from its original site and then demolished in 1996.
During the 1960s-1980s Treasure Island was used by the U.S. Navy for shipboard fire fighting and damage control training for Hull Maintenance Technicians and other sailors. Treasure Island housed the "USS Buttercup" (in Bldg. 341 on Avenue M and 4th Street) which was a static damage control trainer that was used for real time shipboard battle damage repair and control. The Auxiliary Air Facility airfield was limited to helicopter landing pad use at Naval Airship Square on the East side of Hangar/Bldg. 3 near the Naval firehouse at Bldg. 111.
Additionally, the Hull Maintenance Technician Training School Phase "A" was trained at Treasure Island for Nuclear, Biological, Radiological and Chemical Warfare Training as part of their phase "A" and phase "B" training.
Treasure Island was also the location for the (nominal) 42-week Electronics Technician (ET) 'A-School'.
In 1996, Treasure Island and the Presidio of San Francisco Army Post were decommissioned and opened to public control, under stipulations. Treasure Island is now part of District 6 of the City and County of San Francisco, though it is still owned by the Navy. In 1993, the naval station was selected for closure, and Navy operations ended there in 1997. Some of the property was transferred to the Federal Highway Administration, the Labor Department and the U.S. Coast Guard, and the rest is open for development.
Problems have arisen over the determination of Treasure Island's fair-market value. The city's redevelopment agency, The Treasure Island Development Authority, valued the land at $13.8 million, and the city offered the Navy $40 million for the property. Two other estimates determined the fair market value at $250 million. However, in 2008 Congress offered the publicly held property to the city of San Francisco for nothing, under Section 2711 of HR 2647, drafted by Rep. Sam Farr.
Environmental issues.
After the Naval Station closed in 1997, Treasure Island was opened to residential and other uses, but according to the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the state Department of Toxic Substances Control, the ground at various locations on the island is contaminated with toxic substances. Caesium-137 levels three times higher than previously recorded were found in April 2013. These are thought to date from the base's use by ships contaminated in post-war nuclear testing, and from a nuclear training facility previously based there.

</doc>
<doc id="19209897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209897" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair tennis at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair tennis at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of four events, singles and doubles competitions for men and women.
Medal summary.
Source: Paralympic.org 

</doc>
<doc id="19209909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209909" title="Zardari">
Zardari

Zardari may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19209929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209929" title="West African giraffe">
West African giraffe

The West African giraffe, Niger giraffe or Nigerian giraffe ("Giraffa camelopardalis peralta") is a subspecies of giraffe distinguished by its light colored spots, which is found in the Sahel regions of West Africa. In the 19th century it ranged from Senegal to Lake Chad, yet in 2011 this subspecies only survives in a few isolated pockets containing about 310 individuals in total. Its last self-sustaining herd is in southwest Niger, supported by a series of refuges in Dosso Region, and the tourist center at Kouré, some 80 km southeast of Niamey. All captive supposed "West African giraffe" are now known to be Kordofan giraffe ("G. c. antiquorum").
Decline.
Before World War I, at the time of European colonial administrations, West African giraffe lived in pockets across the Sahel and savanna regions of West Africa. Population growth, involving more intensive farming and hunting, a series of dramatic droughts since the late 19th century, and environment destruction (both natural and human made) have all contributed to their dramatic decline. As late as the 1960s, prior to the Sahel drought that lasted to the early 1980s, populations identified as "G. c. peralta" existed in Senegal, Niger, eastern Mali, northern Benin, northern Nigeria, southwest Chad and northern Cameroon. However, recent genetic research has shown that the populations from northern Cameroon and southern Chad actually are the Kordofan giraffe ("G. c. antiquorum"). Therefore the giraffes that remain in Waza National Park (Cameroon) belong to the Kordofan giraffe, while the only remaining viable population of the West African giraffe is in Niger. In Niger, herds have been reported from the Agadez Region, and across the west and south of the country. Herds regularly traveled into the Gao Region of Mali as well and throughout the Niger River valley of Niger. Drought struck again in the 1980s and 1990s, and in 1991 there were less than 100 in the nation, with the largest herd in the western Dosso Region numbering less than 50, and scattered individuals along the Niger River valley moving from Benin to Mali, and clinging to the W National Park and nearby reserves.
Subspecies definition.
Older studies on giraffe subspecies have caused some researchers to question the separate status of "G. c. peralta" and the Kordofan giraffe ("G. c. antiquorum"). Genetic testing published in 2007 confirmed the distinctiveness of the West African giraffe. One of these publications revealed results, that have been interpreted to show that there may be at least six cryptic species of giraffe that are reproductively isolated and not interbreeding, even though no natural obstacles, like mountain ranges or impassable rivers block their mutual access.
Most captive giraffes from northwestern Africa are in French zoological parks, a result of the history of French colonialism in what was French West Africa. Those giraffes were formerly treated as "G. c. peralta". However, since genetic analysis revealed that only giraffes to the west of Lake Chad belong to this subspecies, the populations in European zoos are in fact Kordofan giraffes ("G. c. antiquorum"). The West African giraffe is more closely related to the giraffes of East Africa than to those of Central Africa. Its ancestor may have migrated from East to North Africa during the Quaternary and then to West Africa with the development of the Sahara desert. At its largest, Lake Chad may have acted as a barrier between West African and Kordofan giraffes during the Holocene.
Conservation.
Conservation efforts since the 1990s have led to a sizable growth in population, though largely limited to the single Dosso herd. From a low of 50 individuals, in 2007 there were some 175 wild individuals, 250 in 2010, and 310 in the Nigerien government's 2011 count. Intensive efforts have been made within Niger, especially in the area just north of the Dosso Partial Faunal Reserve. From there, the largest existing herd migrate seasonally to the drier highlands along the Dallol Bosso valley, as far north as Kouré, some 80 km southeast of Niamey. This area, though under little formal regulation, is the centre for Nigerien and international efforts to maintain habitat, smooth relations between the herd and area farmers, and provide opportunities for tourism, organised by the Association to Safeguard Giraffes in Niger.
Habitat.
The Nigerian giraffe population relies upon seasonal migration between the relatively drought-resistant lowlands of the Niger River valley and the drier highlands near Kouré. In this area, Tiger bush habitat allows for bands of trees to thrive in climates which might otherwise become more typical desert. These giraffe survive primarily on a diet of leaves from "Acacia albida" and "Hyphaene thebaica" as well as "Annona senegalensis", "Parinari macrophylla", "Piliostigma reticulatum", and "Balanites aegyptiaca". In the late 1990s, an anti-desertification project for the area around Niamey encouraged the development of woodcutting businesses. An unintended effect of this was the destruction of much Tiger bush and giraffe habitat within the region. The Nigerien government has since moved to limit woodcutting in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19209935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209935" title="Hair (disambiguation)">
Hair (disambiguation)

Hair typically is a protein filament characteristic of mammals or a mass of such filaments on the skin of humans (in other mammals the mass is usually referred to as fur).
Hair, may also informally refer to slender outgrowths (trichomes) of plants or the bristle-like setae of insects, spiders, crustaceans, and other organisms. Such hairs are totally unlike those of mammals in structure, composition, and mode of growth.
Hair may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19209946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209946" title="Ardtornish">
Ardtornish

Ardtornish () is a Highland estate in Scotland located in, Morvern, Lochaber. Ardtornish House is famous for its gardens and the estate is the location of the ruined Ardtornish Castle and the still-inhabited Kinlochaline Castle. 
History.
In the mid-18th century the area occupied by the current estate was largely in the hands of Cameron of Glendessary, with some property to the east and south the lands of MacLean of Kingairloch and the Duke of Argyll. A small area near the head of Loch Aline was owned by Murray of Stanhope. By 1800 Cameron's lands were under the control of a variety of new superiors including MacLean of Inverscaddle, MacDonald of Borrodale and MacLachlan of Callart with Stanhope's land also being held by MacLachlan.
By 1850 radical changes had occurred. In 1845 MacDonald's land to the east of Loch Aline had become the Achranich Estate owned by Octavius Smith, a Londoner whose father had made his money in grocery wholesaling and who was himself a successful distiller. To the west, part of Argyll's substantial holdings had been broken up with John Sinclair owning the Lochaline Estate and in the east Argyll's land was in the hands of the notorious Patrick Sellar, who had also purchased the holdings of MacLean and MacLachlan in 1844, which he named the Ardtornish Estate after the pre-existing castle. 
Octavius Smith and family.
At Whitsun 1860 Smith purchased Sellar's lands and immediately renamed the whole estate "Ardtornish", the name meaning "The headland of Thorir's (or Thora's) promontory".
The clearances had by this time affected Morvern - over 3,200 left the parish in the 19th century, 750 of them forcibly evicted - and the bitter memories of the actions of Sellar and his neighbours lived long in the area. Ardtornish, however, seemed to strike a favourable chord with those fortunate enough to be entertained by the estate. Tennyson who missed the opportunity to visit Skye whilst staying there wrote:
Smith's holdings now ran to and employed a staff of thirty. He embarked on the construction of a substantial mansion house with a high clock tower, designed by Alexander Ross of Inverness, which was completed in 1866. However, Octavius did not enjoy his new summer home for long as he died in London in February 1871. Nor did his house long survive him. His son Valentine, who had inherited the estate and the distilling business, knocked it down and built a much larger version in 1884. Only the clock tower from the original remains.
Valentine's new structure is on an heroic scale. At its height, construction employed 160 workers in 1888, and did much to improve local employment prospects at a time when agitation for land reform from the Highland Land League was at its height. Valentine also bought the neighbouring Lochaline estate in 1880, adding another including Morvern's largest settlement, Lochaline. He died in 1906 on board his yacht "Rannoch" in Gourock Bay, having become something of a recluse in his old age. Latterly, he forbade trespassing on the estate and lived in fear of holidaymakers and tourists.
Ardtornish was inherited by his sister Gertrude, who had married Alexander Craig Sellar, Patrick Sellar's son in 1870. Gertrude took on the management of the estate until 1909 when she handed it over to her unmarried son Gerard, then 38 years old. They continued to live in the new house until the winter of 1929 when they both died within a few weeks of one another. Within a year Ardtornish was sold to new owners.
Smith-Raven family.
When Owen (1859–1958) and Emmeline Hugh Smith from Langham in Rutland bought Ardtornish in 1930, the extensive gardens may have been a significant part of the attraction. Valentine Smith had laid out of formal landsacpe including lawns, rockeries and walled herbaceous and kitchen gardens and employed up to 12 gardeners to maintain them. The Hugh Smiths, inspired by the gardens of Colonsay House planted a variety of new shrubs, especially rhododendron.
Owen and Emmeline's daughter Faith married the Cambridge don John Raven and the former eventually inherited Ardtornish from her parents.
Present day.
The estate received planning permission in 2010 for a new "township" of 20 houses at Achabeag, two miles west of Lochaline. Estate director Hugh Raven said "We intend this to be a nationally-important example of a sustainable new community – with low-impact construction, the highest environmental standards, access to land for food growing and community use, and the possibility of community energy generation."

</doc>
<doc id="19209963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209963" title="Allanfearn">
Allanfearn

Allanfearn is a small settlement, one mile east of Inverness, Inverness-shire, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19209980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209980" title="Hazardous weather outlook">
Hazardous weather outlook

In National Weather Service (NWS) terminology, a Hazardous Weather Outlook is a weather statement issued to provide information of potential severe weather events within the next seven days. The outlook may include information about potential severe thunderstorms, heavy rain or flooding, winter weather, extremes temperatures.
Examples of a Hazardous Weather Outlook.
Fair weather.
Source:
Stormy weather.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19209991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209991" title="Armenians in Abkhazia">
Armenians in Abkhazia

The Armenians in Abkhazia form the second largest ethnic group in Abkhazia after the Abkhaz. Armenians settled in Abkhazia in late 19th and the early 20th centuries and are now the largest ethnic group in Sukhumi, Gulripsh and Gagra districts forming 20% of the Abkhazian population with 45,000 out of a total of 215,000.
History.
Although a few Armenians lived in Abkhazia in the Middle Ages, significant Armenian immigration to Abkhazia began in the late 19th century when much of Abkhazia became depopulated due to the exodus of many Abkhaz of Muslim descent to the Ottoman Empire after the Russian crackdown on the rebellion in Abkhazia; at the same time anti-Armenian pogroms started in Turkey and the attitude of the Porte towards its Armenian subjects became increasingly more brutal. More Armenians came to Abkhazia in 1910s fleeing the Armenian Genocide.
During the 1992–1993 War in Abkhazia most of the Armenians remained neutral for a long time, but as Georgian attacks on their settlements increased, they increasingly opted to support Abkhazians and many fought on their side. Armenians made up a quarter of the Abkhaz army; twenty Armenians were awarded the title of Abkhazian Hero and 242 were killed in battle. Armenian population declined after the war as many Armenians left the country (mainly for Russia and Armenia) due to the economic hardships.
Demography.
The earliest reliable records for Abkhazia are the Family Lists compiled in 1886 (published 1893 in Tbilisi), according to which the Sukhum District's population was 69,000 of which 28,000 were Abkhaz. The Armenians in that list totalled 1,090.
According to the 1897 census there were 58,697 people in Abkhazia who listed Abkhaz as their mother tongue. There were about 1,500 Armenians in the Sukhumi district (Abkhazia) at that time; its total population was nearly 100,000.
The Russian, Armenian and Georgian population grew faster than Abkhaz, due to the large-scale migration enforced especially during the rule of Joseph Stalin and Lavrentiy Beria.
The following table summarises the results of the other censuses carried out in Abkhazia.
The Georgian authorities did not acknowledge the results of this census and consider it illegitimate. At the same time, the Abkhaz regime have been accused by local Armenian NGOs of intentionally decreasing the number of Abkhazian-Armenians.
Religion.
Armenian Apostolic Church gives ecclesiastical guidance to most of the Armenians.
Politics.
There are ethnic Armenians in the People's Assembly of Abkhazia and Armenian-language schools in Abkhazia. However, Armenians are under-represented in the Assembly as the number of the parliamentarians of this ethnicity is less than their share in the republic population. The Council of Armenian Community of Abkhazia has complained over "negative attitude to Armenian population" and has expressed concerns over the distribution of anti-Armenian leaflets, as well as an attempt of sabotage at a Sukhumi Armenian secondary school in 2006.
In 2007, the Georgian media began running several stories on the parliamentary elections in Abkhazia, claiming that ethnic Armenians in the area, who make up roughly 20% of the local population, would be controlling the elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19209995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209995" title="Auckengill">
Auckengill

Auckengill is a settlement, 6 miles south of John O' Groats, on the east coast of Caithness Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.
Auckengill is situated 0.5 mile north of Nybster.

</doc>
<doc id="19209997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19209997" title="Andrew Jackson Fundamental Magnet High School">
Andrew Jackson Fundamental Magnet High School

Andrew Jackson Fundamental Magnet High School, commonly nicknamed "A.J.", "Andrew Jackson", or "Andrew Jackson High School", was a public magnet high school in Chalmette in the area of St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is a part of St. Bernard Parish Public Schools.
History.
Andrew Jackson High School opened as an all-girls school in the fall of 1966, along with P.G.T. Beauregard High School, to meet the demands of more classrooms to house the growing population of St. Bernard Parish, the same year that both Chalmette High School and St. Bernard High School opened as all-boy schools. The solution to the problem of having four co-ed high schools was to segregate by sex. This would cut costs drastically since the parish would only have to build and maintain two stadiums instead of four. Andrew Jackson High School and P.G.T. Beauregard High School served girls for the next twenty two years, and they became the "sister" schools to Chalmette and St. Bernard respectively.
The decision to go back to co-ed status in 1989 brought about a mild decline in the school. More students were choosing to attend Andrew Jackson, a magnet school that served the entire parish, rather than just the upper end. Unlike like Chalmette and St. Bernard high schools, Andrew Jackson required an entrance examination, interview, or audition. Like other magnet schools, Andrew Jackson selected all students who applied or used a lottery system, or a system combining some elements of competitive entrance and a lottery.
Pre-Katrina (1965-2005).
Andrew Jackson Fundamental Magnet High School formerly held a student capacity of about 1,075 students. The last graduating class before Hurricane Katrina took place at the Frederick J. Sigur Civic Center on May 19, 2005.
Athletics.
Unlike Chalmette and St. Bernard high schools, Andrew Jackson focused more on academics than athletics, with the exception of the few listed below:
Post-Katrina (2006-present).
Andrew Jackson was severely damaged by Hurricane Katrina on August 29, 2005, and was closed during the 2005-2006 school year where the St. Bernard Unified School took place at the Chalmette High School in November of that year. The last official graduating ceremony for the class of 2006 took place at the Louisiana Superdome in May 2006, along with Chalmette High School and St. Bernard High School to coincide with the time that was lost during the 2005-2006 school year.
Plans of rebuilding another high school were blacklisted when the St. Bernard Parish School Board decided to open Chalmette High School as the base of the entire St. Bernard Parish community, that expanded its campus on the previous Lacoste Elementary School campus for the 9th Grade Academy building that opened in 2009. If an additional high school is needed in the future because of enrollment, both Andrew Jackson and St. Bernard High Schools would be refurbished and operational for necessary expansion.
Andrew Jackson Elementary School.
The school opened as Andrew Jackson Elementary School for the 2006-2007 school year to balance the student capacity between both the Chalmette High School and Andrew Jackson campuses until more schools in the parish were opened again. Andrew Jackson housed grades Pre-K to 5th grade while Chalmette High School housed grades 6th grade to 12th grade.
Andrew Jackson Middle School.
The school opened as Andrew Jackson Middle School for the 2010-2011 school year, and remains as the latter to this day. The elementary students who previously attended Andrew Jackson registered and transferred to the new Chalmette Elementary School (previously Chalmette Middle School) and Arabi Elementary School campuses.

</doc>
<doc id="19210015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210015" title="Gynatrix">
Gynatrix

Gynatrix is a genus of dioecious flowering plants in the family Malvaceae, endemic to south-east Australia.
There are two species within the genus: 

</doc>
<doc id="19210030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210030" title="Music Wizard">
Music Wizard

Music Wizard Group is a software development firm that develops and publishes software products to teach students to play various musical instruments through MIDI software and a Guitar Hero-like interface. Unlike Guitar Hero, it uses real instruments and teaches to read sheet music as well.
History.
Founder and CEO Chris Salter entered Southern Illinois University Carbondale (SIU) in 1978 to study cinematography and began producing films about music. Shortly after, Salter met piano instructor Don Beattie, who came to the School of Music in 1979, and joined a group piano class. He stayed for 4 years, earning a double degree in Music and Linguistics from SIU, and then went on to get his Master’s in Musicology from UCLA.
A few months after graduating in 1983, Salter took classes to learn how to type. Salter felt the lessons were frustrating until he played a typing game, and soon he was typing 40 words per minute. It was then that he first had the revelation that the piano's keyboard is nothing more than a bunch of buttons like a typewriter and it dawned on him that a piano video game could have the same effect.
After years of consideration, Salter decided to form a business to develop and manufacture the Piano Commando game (which went on to become Piano Wizard). Salter incorporated his new business in Colorado under the name Allegro Multimedia, although the company is better known under the DBA (Doing Business As) Music Wizard Group.
Understanding how students can benefit from music education, Salter met with Don Beattie, his former piano teacher at the SIU school of music to how piano teachers could best utilize the game in their classrooms. The plan was to introduce a short week long summer boot camp at the school. After the success of the boot camp, in the fall of 2005, Don and his wife Delayna founded and directed the Piano Wizard Academy at SIU Carbondale. Their work as Academy Directors opened new horizons for young children and adult piano beginners. Don and Delayna authored a 100 Song Lesson Series that is now the "Academy music curriculum" for the game. Music Wizard Group and the Beatties then collaborated in the development of Tutorial DVD and Songbook lessons for the Academy Music Library.
Products.
Piano Wizard.
Released in 2005, this educational software helps teach the student to play the piano through a patented 4-step learning approach. While the software was available separately, a bundle was made available that included an M-Audio Keystation 49e keyboard.
Piano Wizard Academy.
The Piano Wizard Academy version is more popular as it introduces a great level of music learning. In addition to the core software, it also includes video lessons and sheet musicto demonstrate how to move children, adults or themselves through the levels of the game, and then to transition off the game to playing a real piano and reading basic musical notation.
Both the Premier and Academy version allow unlimited import of MIDI files. The concept is to allow the use of these files as a tool for the student to play (on piano) virtually any song written in Western notation once imported into the program. The game's engine automatically renders game objects and music notes from the imported MIDI file. However, the quality of any MIDI is important for the student to play the song accurately as intended.
Guitar Wizard.
Guitar Wizard is intended to teach guitar skills. The software version is under development, but there was a toy version called Mattel's I Can Play Guitar, aimed at young children, which has now been distcontinued.
A package in development by the manufacturer will bundle the software with either a Washburn Guitars-branded instrument and MIDI pickup or a guitar controller.
Licensing.
In 2007, Fisher Price licensed the 4-step method for use in their I Can Play Piano product.

</doc>
<doc id="19210032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210032" title="Sakharov Prize (disambiguation)">
Sakharov Prize (disambiguation)

Sakharov Prize, named after Andrei Sakharov, may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19210083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210083" title="Tongshan County, Hubei">
Tongshan County, Hubei

Tongshan () is a county of Xianning City, in the southeastern part of Hubei province, People's Republic of China, bordering Jiangxi to the south. 
The county is located along Hubei's mountainous south-eastern border with Jiangxi. Its best known tourist attraction is the Jiugong Mountain National Park (九宫山风景区), south of Jiugongshan Town.
The county is roughly coterminous with the upper part of the basin of the Fushui River, which flows eastward, into the neighboring Yangxin County, where it discharges into the Yangtze. A fairly large Fushui Reservoir ("Fushui Shuiku") is formed on this river and its tributaries within Tongshan County by a dam that's actually built in Yangxin County, a bit downstream of the county line. There are also a few smaller reservoirs on the Fushui's tributaries.
The county seat is in the town of Tongyang (通羊); as it is customary in China, this location is usually labeled on less-detailed maps simply as "Tongshan County" (通山县) or "Tongshan".
The county is served by China National Highway 106 (G106), which joins with G316 near the eastern tip of the county.
Xianning Nuclear Power Plant is under construction near Tongshan County's Dafan Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19210087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210087" title="Aigas">
Aigas

Aigas is a small crofting hamlet, in Inverness-shire, Scotland, now within the Highland Council area. It is situated on the north bank of the River Beauly, 5 miles south west of Beauly and 15 miles west of the city of Inverness.
Aigas House is a historic building in Aigas, it is now used as Aigas Field Centre, run by John Lister-Kaye. The hamlet of Crask of Aigas is a short distance to the east.
Eilean Aigas is a nearby island in the River Beauly.

</doc>
<doc id="19210101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210101" title="Tongshan">
Tongshan

Tongshan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19210115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210115" title="City 6">
City 6

The City 6 is an informal association of college athletic programs in the Philadelphia area. It is an inter-city intramural competition, but it is also used as a colloquial term to describe all the Division-I schools in the Philadelphia area.
The colleges in the City 6 are all of the Philadelphia Big 5 schools—La Salle University, Saint Joseph's University (SJU), Temple University, the University of Pennsylvania, and Villanova University—along with Drexel University.
The City 6 Extramural Classic features the best intramural teams from each school competing against one another. The classic was founded in 1986 by representatives from Saint Joseph's and Temple. Games between the intramural programs are held at such locations as SJU's Hagan Arena, Penn's Franklin Field, and Villanova Stadium.
The sports are flag football, volleyball, basketball, and softball. Each sport includes competition for men, women, and co-ed.
Over 13,000 intramural participants have competed in City 6 events over the last twenty years.
Varsity basketball.
Each spring, the basketball coaches of the six schools sit together and are speakers at the Coaches vs. Cancer Tourney Tip-Off Breakfast, to raise money for the American Cancer Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19210118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210118" title="Achylyness">
Achylyness

Achylyness (Scottish Gaelic: ) is a hamlet on the shores of Loch Inchard, located near Rhiconich, Sutherland, Scotland, within the council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19210152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210152" title="Andrei Sakharov Prize For Writer's Civic Courage">
Andrei Sakharov Prize For Writer's Civic Courage

The Andrei Sakharov Prize For Writer's Civic Courage (1990-2007) was an annual literary prize established in the Soviet Union by the writers' association "Writers in Support of Perestroika" (Association "Aprel") in October 1990 and continued until the end of the Association "Aprel" in 2007.
The first recipient was Lydia Chukovskaya. The last recipient was editor-in-chief of almanac "Aprel" Galina Drobot

</doc>
<doc id="19210166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210166" title="Achvarasdal">
Achvarasdal

Achvarasdal (Gaelic: Achadh Bhàrrasdail) is a village in Caithness, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland. 
Geography.
Achvarasdal lies west of Reay, Thurso, in Caithness, Highland. Immediately to the south flows Achiegullan Burn and the Burn of Isauld. Achvarasdal Burn drains into Sandside Bay to the west. Loch Achbuiligan lies to the north, and the hamlet of Isauld to the northwest.
Landmarks.
There is a small outcrop of haematite iron at Achvarasda. Attempts at iron ore mining were made in the early 1870s, and an 1874 map reveals that a windmill was built, probably for pumping. A cairn in the area indicates that it was a burial place of a Celtic maormer or a Norse warrior.
Achvarasdal House.
Achvarasdal House was once owned by the Pilkington family. The house and vicinity has been excavated and two prostrate stones and a Brooch was discovered. A. D. Pilkington of Achvarasdal House was the President of the local Gardener's Society in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="19210195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210195" title="Shakatak Live in Japan">
Shakatak Live in Japan

Shakatak Live in Japan is a live double album by English jazz-funk band Shakatak. It was recorded at the Nakano Sun Plaza Hall during the 1984 Japan tour, and only released in that country.

</doc>
<doc id="19210240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210240" title="Lynn Red Sox">
Lynn Red Sox

The Lynn Red Sox, based in Lynn, Massachusetts, were a Class B farm system affiliate of the Boston Red Sox from 1946–1948 in American minor league baseball. The club played at Fraser Field and was a member of the New England League.
The Lynn Red Sox finished in first place during the regular seasons of 1946–47–48, but each year faltered during the playoffs, as the Nashua Dodgers won the NEL playoff championship for three consecutive seasons. Nashua was the first NEL team to break the baseball color line and, in 1946, ugly confrontations were reported between the Nashua and Lynn clubs. Future Brooklyn Dodger star starting pitcher Don Newcombe integrated the NEL in 1946, along with eventual Hall of Fame catcher Roy Campanella.
“I remember one game against the Lynn Red Sox," Newcombe recalled in 2007. "Their manager, , was all over us, yelling all kinds of things at us, and Mr. [the Nashua general manager and future Dodger executive got him into the office and said, ‘They can’t fight you, but I can. If you have any guts, you’ll say to me what you said to them.’ Of course, he didn’t say a word."
In 1947, Lynn received an upgraded management team when future Bosox general manager Dick O'Connell took over the front office, and former Major League pitcher Mike Ryba became manager. After one season, Ryba was succeeded as pilot by Eddie Popowski in 1948.
But the Red Sox pulled out of Lynn after a 1948 season in which only 49,000 fans turned out at Fraser Field — despite another first-place ballclub. The Essex County city fielded a Detroit Tigers farm club — the Lynn Tigers, initially managed by Kennedy — for the first three months of 1949 but withdrew from the league July 19. The NEL itself shut down at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19210254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210254" title="Kalonymus Kalman Epstein">
Kalonymus Kalman Epstein

Rabbi Kalonymus Kalman Halevi Epstein (born Nowy Korczyn (Neustadt), Poland, c. 1753), known as The holy Maor Vashemesh, was a rabbi, preacher and writer. 
Biography.
The youngest yet most celebrated of the students of Rabbi Elimelech of Lizhensk, Rabbi Kalonymus Kalman Halevi Epstein was the son of Aaron Halevi Epstein, and an alleged descendant from both the Prophet Samuel and King David. Young "Kalmish" (as he was known) began his formative years in abject poverty in Neustadt, Poland. Hoping to realize a better life for his wife and ten children, Aaron Epstein moved to the metropolis of Krakow while Kalmish was still but 4 or 5 years of age. The story is told that after selling bagels baked in the home of his parents to assist in his family’s support, Kalmish would sneak into the Bet Midrash and listen into the Torah sermons given by some of the most illustrious scholars in Krakow, including the famed Rabbi Yitzchak Halevi, Chief Rabbi of Krakow. One day following one of the sermons, Rav Mordechai Gutgold, who was one of the wealthiest Jews in Krakow asked young Kalmish in jest to repeat the profound Torah sermon that he had just heard. After young Kalmish repeated the sermon, indeed, word for word, he was immediately recognized as an extraordinary ‘ilui’ and young prodigy. To the utter delight of little Kalmish’s parents, Rav Gutgold undertook to completely support young Kalmish and provide him with the best Yeshiva education provided that Rabbi Aaron would agree to the marriage between Kalmish and Rav Gutgold’s daughter as soon as Kalmish would reach Bar Mitzvah. At the age of 13, Kalmish married the daughter of Rav Gutgold, Milka Raidel.
Shortly thereafter, having once been present and deeply moved when the famed Hassidic leader Rabbi Elimelech of Lizhensk visited Krakow, Kalmish became determined to study Torah and Chassidut under the direct tutelage of Rabbi Elimelech. His desire to travel to Lizhensk was met with great opposition by his esteemed father-in-law. Despite this opposition and with the encouragement and support of his young wife, Kalmish journeyed to Lizhensk in the hope of having the privilege to study under Rabbi Elimelech. Following his arrival in Lizhensk, Rabbi Elimelech immediately sent young Kalmish for a brief interval to study under the guidance of the famed Rabbi Yechiel Michel of Zlotchov. After less than 2 weeks at the home of the ‘Maggid of Zlotchov’ Kalmish returned to Lizhensk with a message from the Maggid to Rabbi Elimelech that “you will not find others like Kalmish.” 
Kalmish then went on to become the closest of all of Rabbi Elimelech’s students, as well as Rabbi Elimelech’s personal ‘shamash’ or assistant. Legend has it that as a mere teenager, Kalmish merited to have a vision of the Patriarch, Abraham, together with his Rebbe Elimelech, as well as a nocturnal vision of the Neshama of the holy Baal Shem Tov. Recognizing Kalmish’s extraordinary aptitude, uncanny abilities and extreme piety, Rebbe Elimelech sent Rabbi Kalmish to assume the mantle of Chassidic leadership of the great city of Krakow. 
Upon his initial arrival in Krakow, Rabbi Kalmish was met with great opposition by the ‘Misnagdim,’ i.e. opponents of the Chassidic movement, and suffered greatly from them. However, over time even Rabbi Kalmish’s fiercest enemies and detractors recognized his prodigious greatness. Rumors began to spread throughout western Galicia about the great and holy Rabbi Kalmish of Krakow who came to be known as an extraordinarily great and G-dly Mekubal (Kabbalist), holy leader and miracle worker. Jews from far and wide came to him in herds like sheep in a flock, to hear the profound words of Torah from his mouth, for his guidance and for his blessings. Over the years Rabbi Kalmish succeeded in propagating Chassidut throughout Western Galicia. Even Rabbi Yitzchak Halevi became a friend and admirer of his. Indeed, during one visit to Lizhensk prior to the death of his beloved Rebbe Elimelech, the ‘Rebbe’ removed his ‘Atara’ in the presence of all of his students and placed it on Rebbe Kalmish’s shoulder and requested that Rabbi Kalmish assume the mantel of leadership of the city of Lizhensk. Although aware of his own greatness, as with the truly great throughout history, Rebbe Kalmish in his modesty did not feel worthy of taking over for Rebbe Elimelech and gracefully declined.
Counted among the contemporaries of Rabbi Kalmish and fellow leading students of Rebbe Elimelech were the Chozeh of Lublin, the Maggid of Kozhnitz, Rebbe Menachem Mendel of Rimanov and the Apta Rebbe. Although the foregoing were his contemporaries (Rebbe Kalmish being the youngest of all), in his anivus (humility) Rebbe Kalmish referred to all of them as “Rebbe.” In fact he called all of the Tzaddikim of his generation, be they older or younger than he, by the appellation “Rebbe.” This was in keeping with the Torah he taught and how he stressed the importance of being close to a Rebbe as a way to elevate oneself in character and divine service. Rebbe Kalmish lived what he preached and no matter how great he himself was and how all congregated from far and wide to learn from him, he was frequently a guest at the homes of other great Tzaddikim (saints)of his day, including, without limitation, the famed Rabbi Levi Yitzchak of Berditchev, Rabbi Zushe of Annipoli (brother of Rabbi Elimelech of Lizhensk), Rebbe Mendel of Rimanov (his contemporary) and his closest friends, the Chozeh of Lublin and the Apta Rebbe. 
Toward the end of his life, Rebbe Kalmish instructed his younger son Rebbe Aharon, to gather together all of his writings and sermons which later was published as the Sefer ‘Maor Vashemesh’ - the title by which he became known throughout the succeeding generations. The profound and kabbalistic insights of the Maor Vashemesh are studied regularly by Chassidic and non-Chassidic Jews to this very day throughout the world. Many great Chassidic leaders have referred to the Maor Vashemesh as the “Shulchan Aruch” of Chassidut. The holy sainted Rebbe Kalmish died on the second day of Rosh Chodesh Tamuz in the year 1825 at the age of 72. He left behind his wife, 2 sons and 2 daughters. It has been told that upon recognizing the exceptional abilities of each of his sons, he blessed his younger son Rabbi Aharon and bestowed upon him the power of leadership and guidance and blessed his older son, Rabbi Yosef Baruch and bestowed upon him the unique power and insight of dealing with and remedying unique problems and difficulties. Rabbi Aharon became the Rebbe of the Krakow community upon the passing of his father and became known as “Reb Oron” after the Oron Hakodesh (Holy Ark). Rabbi Yosef Baruch became known as the “Guhter Yid,” i.e., the “Good Jew”, or miracle worker of Neustadt. 
Though stories abound about things he said and did and miracles he performed, perhaps the following two vignettes are most telling and best represent the character of the Holy Tzaddik, Rabbi Kalonymus Kalman Halevi of Krakow:
First, it was said in the presence of the Holy Rebbe of Sanz (known as the “"Divrei Chaim"”) by students that had the privilege to study both under the Maor Vashemesh and the Chozeh of Lublin, that “what we saw in Lublin we saw by Rabbeinu Hakadosh (the Maor Vashemesh), but what we saw by Rabbeinu Hakadosh we did not see in Lublin.” 
Second, the holy Divrei Chaim himself said that he knew of three Tzaddikim that did not ‘taste the taste of sin’ (i.e. were as absolutely pristine and holy) as Adam himself prior to the sin, one of whom was the holy Maor Vashemesh.
Sources.
From the Encyclopedia Judaica articles:

</doc>
<doc id="19210264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210264" title="Anancaun">
Anancaun

Anancaun () is a small hamlet located in Ross-shire, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19210273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210273" title="Leslie Dunner">
Leslie Dunner

Leslie Byron Dunner (born January 5, 1956) is an American conductor and composer.
Biography.
Leslie was born in New York City to parents Lloyd Bertram Dunner and Audrey (Hemmings) Dunner. His father worked at the Brooklyn Navy Yard and later for the Brooklyn Department of Sanitation, while his mother was a social worker. Dunner grew up in Harlem and the South Bronx and developed an interest in jazz that was disapproved of by his high school teachers. He learned to play the clarinet and also acquired from his older sister a passion for African dance, a talent that led to him becoming the youngest performer at the 1964 New York World's Fair. He went on to the University of Rochester's Eastman School of Music, where he was awarded his bachelor's degree in 1978. He later attended Queens College in New York, where he was awarded a master's degree in 1979, and the University of Cincinnati College-Conservatory of Music, where he was awarded a Ph.D. in 1982.
Dunner's first professional appointment was an academic one. He became a professor of music at Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota, in 1982. He remained there until 1986, when he became the principal guest conductor at the Dance Theatre of Harlem and, in 1987, the resident conductor at the Detroit Symphony Orchestra (DSO). Dunner's residency at the Detroit Symphony lasted until 1999 and provided the platform on which he built his subsequent career.
Dunner's reputation as a conductor rests on his ability to communicate with the audience through a wide variety of musical styles, and through his willingness to experiment with tempo and presentation. He is a flamboyant performer whose conducting style owes almost as much to dance as to the more conservative classical music tradition. While he was with the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, first as resident, then associate, and finally as assistant conductor, Dunner performed in concerts ranging from Pops to the major classical repertoire. He also led the DSO in developing their educational programs, concerts for young people, and touring programs. Above all, as Dunner told the New Bay Times (Annapolis) in 1998, he is interested in having his audiences feel the music as well as experience it intellectually.
During his time with the DSO, Dunner's reputation as a charismatic and popular conductor grew quickly. In 1994 he was invited to work as assistant to veteran conductor Kurt Masur (1927--) with the New York Philharmonic Orchestra, joining them on their 1995 European tour. His association with the New York Philharmonic ended in 2001. Also in the 1990s Dunner was involved with the Detroit Symphony Civic and Dearborn Symphony Orchestras and toured Europe, South America, and the United States with the Dance Theatre of Harlem. In 1992 he performed with the Dance Theatre of Harlem for Nelson Mandela, the South African leader who had been released from prison two years earlier. Dunner also took the Dance Theatre of Harlem to world-famous festivals, including the Salzburg Festival in Austria and the Tivoli Festival in Denmark.
In 1998, Dunner took up the post of music director of the Annapolis Symphony Orchestra with a promise to rejuvenate the orchestra with his own brand of flamboyant conducting and varied musical programming. He explained to the New Bay Times shortly before taking up the post that he hoped to make the audience react to the music: "I think the only promise I can make at this point is things won't be boring... People have to make up their own minds as to whether they like something or not." Although he began his residence at Annapolis with the conservative program inherited from his predecessor, in the five years he worked in Annapolis the orchestra developed a reputation for the accessibility of its concerts and the dynamism of its performances.
Dunner left Annapolis in 2003 moving to Chicago and took up the post of musical director at the renowned Joffrey Ballet Company, pledging to ensure that the dancers never performed without live musical accompaniment. By the end of 2003, he had already made his mark on the ballet orchestra, the Chicago Sinfonietta. Hedy Weiss, dance critic of the Chicago Sun Times, called his Christmas 2003 performance of The Nutcracker "masterful," praising the way he adjusted rhythm and tempo "to support, even inspire, the performer's perfect balance."
Besides his long-term posts Dunner has performed as guest conductor with major orchestras around the world. These include the New York Philharmonic, the San Francisco and Seattle Symphony orchestras, the Symphony Orchestra of Madrid (Spain), and the Warsaw Sinfonia (Poland). Dunner makes regular trips to South Africa, where he has performed with that country's major orchestras. He has also performed with chamber orchestras, and with prestigious international dance companies, including the American Ballet Theatre, the Royal Ballet at Covent Garden (London, England), and the Birmingham Royal Ballet (Birmingham, England). Dunner has also received many awards and honors, including the Detroit Man of the Year and Spirit of Detroit awards, and commendations from the National Association of Negro Musicians. He was the first American winner of the Arturo Toscanini International Conducting Competition in 1986, and the recipient of the Distinguished Young Alumnus award from the University of Cincinnati in 1996. He was also honored by the NAACP in 1991 with the James Weldon Johnson Award.
Awards and recognition.
Colorado Philharmonic National Conducting Competition, Denver, First Prize, 1986; Arturo Toscanini International Conducting Competition, Parma, Italy, Third Prize 1986; Spirit of Detroit award, 1988; "Leslie Dunner Day," Annapolis, MD, 1998; Delta Phi Beta, Detroit, named Man of the Year, 1988; NAACP, James Weldon Johnson Award, 1991; University of Cincinnati, Distinguished Young Alumnus Award, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19210278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210278" title="Paul Bartholomew">
Paul Bartholomew

Paul Amos Batholomew (1883–1973) was an architect in Greensburg, Pennsylvania. From the beginning of his practice, he received a variety of high-profile commissions for both residential and non-residential structures, mainly in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania. His buildings typically had historicist facades, with neoclassical or Italianate ornamentation covering a modern framework. It was only in the 1950s, toward the end of his career, that he created buildings that were purely modern in design. During the Great Depression, a particularly trying time for architects, he received the commission to design Norvelt, which was a new town created as part of President Roosevelt's New Deal policies.
One of his commissions, the Citizens National Bank of Latrobe of Latrobe, Pennsylvania, designed with partner Brandon Smith, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Many of Bartholomew's works are contributing properties to the Greensburg Downtown Historic District and the Academy Hill Historic District.
Biography.
Paul Batholomew was born in Cleveland, Ohio on June 25, 1883. His parents were the Rev. Amos H. Bartholomew, a Lutheran minister, and Rachael (Kuhns) Bartholomew. Most of Paul Bartholomew's childhood was spent in Ligonier, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Gettysburg College in 1905, and then studied architecture at the University of Pennsylvania, from which he received a second degree in 1908. After graduation, he worked under architects in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
He eventually settled in Greensburg where he began his practice. Sources differ on the date he began his Greensburg practice; one source claims 1910 although his entry in an architects' directory states he began his practice in 1912. Throughout most of his career, his office was in the Coulter Building at 231 South Main Street in Greensburg. However, two 1929 publications list an office in the Keenan Building, Pittsburgh.
Paul Bartholomew married Dorothy W. Lyon, a Greensburg resident, on November 1, 1916. Paul Bartholomew died on December 8, 1973, at the age of 90.
Partnership with Smith.
Bartholomew formed a partnership with Brandon Smith (1889–1962), although sources differ on the year the partnership began. One source claims the partnership commenced in 1915, while Bartholomew's entry in an architects' directory states it began in 1920. In any event, the firm of Bartholomew & Smith was dissolved in 1928 when Smith left to form his own firm, Smith & Reif.
Notable commissions.
Among Bartholomew's commissions were the following:
The remaining items are in chronological order:

</doc>
<doc id="19210283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210283" title="Kalumburu Road">
Kalumburu Road

Kalumburu Road in the Kimberley Region of Western Australia is a 267 kilometre road that connects the Gibb River Road to the aboriginal community of Kalumburu on the coast via the Mitchell Plateau. The road, which often becomes inaccessible during the Wet season, is suitable for 4WD traffic and facilities are limited to supplies available at the roadhouse at the Drysdale River Station. Kalumburu Road runs north from the Gibb River Road, which it intersects approximately 250km west of Kununurra. It also provides visitors access to Mitchell Falls.
References.
 
 

</doc>
<doc id="19210285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210285" title="Snyder Estate Natural Cement Historic District">
Snyder Estate Natural Cement Historic District

The Snyder Estate Natural Cement Historic District is located in the Town of Rosendale, New York, United States. It is a tract roughly bounded by Rondout Creek, Binnewater and Cottekill roads and Sawdust Avenue. NY 213 runs through the lower portion of the district, paralleling the dry bed of the Delaware and Hudson Canal, where the product that gives the district its name was first discovered.
Within the district's bounds are 122 contributing properties representing what remains of five plants that turned out Rosendale cement, and the homes and dependencies of the Snyder family, who originally owned the land. They range in age from the bed of the canal, where the cement was first discovered in 1825 during construction, to some of the last factories built before production was ended in 1970. Included are not just homes, barns and factories but mines, reservoirs and a rail siding. After an aborted attempt to secure National Historic Landmark District status in 1978, the district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Geography.
The district is shaped like a letter "r", solidly bounded by the roads and creek on three of its sides, but with its eastern boundary mostly following old roads between Route 213, Binnewater and Sawdust. Physically, it is dominated by two large hills, foothills of the Shawangunk Ridge to the south, which rise to over 300 feet (91 m) in elevation, more than above the creek's waters to the south.
Between them in a narrow valley sit the remains of one the largest cement plants in it. An old Wallkill Valley Railroad siding runs from there to the northeast corner near where it once joined the main line at today's Binnewater Historic District. Old mines and quarries are tunneled into the sides of both hills.
The property is mostly wooded save for the developed areas. Some of the areas along the road are old fields, today meadows.
History.
Almost as soon as it was initially discovered, production of the cement within the bounds of the district grew rapidly. That changed with the development of Portland cement at the end of the century. Production dropped as demand fell, and only through the creativity of one of the Snyder descendants did the company remain in operation to 1970.
19th century.
The property had been owned and farmed by the Snyder family since 1755. In 1809, Christopher and Deborah Snyder commissioned a house for their newlywed son Jacob Lowe Snyder, with an accompanying gristmill on the creek. Known today as the Century House, it is the oldest extant building in the district whose age is precisely known.
Sixteen years later, Jacob ceded a portion of his land to John B. Jervis of the Delaware and Hudson Canal Company, allowing it to be built across the property with the condition that the company build him a slip so he could use it to ship his produce to market, and a bridge to reach his mill. Crews excavating the area a short while later found large deposits of dolostone, an argillaceous mineral that could be turned into natural cement, which needed no additives once pulverized and mixed.
Since similar cement had made construction of the Erie Canal possible, the company began setting up production facilities almost immediately. Not only would many of the finished canal locks use this new cement, it would guarantee the canal another customer besides the anthracite coal miners it was built to serve. In 1830 Snyder leased the southeastern corner of his property to Watson Lawrence, who had already built a cement plant on adjacent land. Other mines and cement plants opened up in the area along the Rondout as well, creating a virbant local industry.
He reinvested a lot of the Lawrence Cement Company's profits in improving its technical quality, and courted procurers for large, high-profile government projects like New York City's Croton Aqueduct and the docks at the Brooklyn Navy Yard. This helped create a reputation for quality, and soon "Rosendale cement" became a generic term for any such natural cement regardless of where it was produced. But it also strained the company's finances, and after several crises the company finally failed for good in 1858.
Lawrence retained control of the new Lawrenceville Cement Company, but after three years he was ousted and William Beach took over. He expanded the production facilities, in time for the rise in demand that occurred as the Gilded Age saw a rapid increase in demand after the lull caused by the Civil War. He died in 1881, and control passed to his son William N. Beach II shortly thereafter.
The younger Beach began taking advantage of the recently constructed Wallkill Valley Railroad and its connections to the New York Central network as a way to get product to market, building a siding to the plant. In keeping with a general national trend, this began a shift away from the canal that had spawned the cement works, and within two decades the canal would carry its last loads.
20th century.
As the century ended, the natural-cement industry dominated the market. The Snyder family was proud that their cement had been used in the Brooklyn Bridge, an icon of the era. Beach built another new plant in the northeast corner of the property to handle demand. But the development of the cheaper Portland cement during that time period eventually toppled the Rosendale variety, whose market share dropped 90% in the first decade of the 20th century. Local industrial magnate Samuel Coykendall eventually tried to salvage the Rosendale industry through mergers, combining all the local companies save the ones on the Snyder property into one. The Consolidated Rosendale Cement Company was no more successful than any of its component companies had been, and was in receivership by 1918.
In 1911 an Ulster County court had forced the sale of the Snyder company from William Snyder to 21-year-old Andrew J. Snyder II after a disagreement over the sharing of profits. The younger Snyder dismantled one of the larger plants and built a smaller one in its place. He was able to continue production on a reduced scale through the 1920s, and later in that decade attracted the interest of an investor from Cleveland named Kling, who leased a portion of the property from Snyder and started the Interstate Cement Company.
The Great Depression soon put an end to that venture, and by 1935 it had become the Century Cement Manufacturing Co., wholly owned by Snyder. He was able to keep the company going through the later 1930s when he allowed mushroom growers to set up shop in the abandoned Beach Mine. Eventually that would produce five tons (4.5 tonnes) per day before it stopped in 1960.
At the same time he also took advantage of a discovery that Portland cement could be made even more quickly and last longer when combined with natural cement in an 80-20 ratio. This blend was particularly suited to highways, then being built at a great pace everywhere due to the combination of New Deal public works projects and increasing automobile use. By the start of World War II production was again on the increase.
It fell during the war years, but rebounded afterwards to even higher levels as highway construction picked up again with the development of the Interstate Highway System. In 1954 Rosendale cement was used for the nearby sections of the New York State Thruway. However, it would be the last major public project in which it was used.
Snyder had been exploring the possibilities of making Portland cement as well. Geologists found that there were significant reserves in the Hudson Valley of the type of limestone needed, so in 1958 the copmpany bought a plant from the Swiss company Van Roll. Three years later it was built next to the existing facilities and began turning out cement. Around the same time, chemists developed an additive to Portland cement which eliminated the need for the Rosendale mix, and cut costs even further.
Snyder and the company's technical team tried to keep up with the changes, but they were as old as he was and had trouble getting the formula right. The market for the natural cement the property still produced was almost negligible, and in 1970 Snyder finally halted production almost a century and a half after Rosendale cement had first been discovered on the bed of the long-abandoned canal. He himself died five years later
Preservation.
Recognizing its historic importance not just to the region but the country as a whole, two staffers at the American Association for State and Local History prepared an application to have the district designated a National Historic Landmark in 1978 that was never completed. The Century House Historical Society (CHHS) acquired the around the eponymous 1809 building where Jacob Lowe Snyder lived at the time of the canal's construction. It was chartered provisionally in 1992 and fully in 2000. It runs the property as a museum devoted to both the house and the American natural cement industry.
In the plant's last years, one of the few markets it had left was the restoration of historic buildings that had originally used it or similar materials. The factory's closure left those builders without any source of authentic material. In 2004 Edison Coatings, Inc., of Plainville, Connecticut, trademarked the brand Rosendale Natural Cement Products and began offering an authentic, historically accurate replacement.
Significant contributing properties.
Several of the many contributing resources to the district are notable in their own right. None have yet been separately listed on the Register, save the sections of canal bed, a National Historic Landmark. 
The Century House Historical Society operates the site as a museum that is open to the public on Sunday afternoons in the summer season. The museum is also known as the "Century House Historical Society Museum" and the "Snyder Estate Museum".
Century House.
Jacob Lowe Snyder's 1809 frame house, renovated in the 1940s, is the core of the CHHS property and the oldest building in the district. 
The house features the Cement Industry Museum, with artifacts and photographs from the Rosendale cement industry. Rosendale Natural Cement was used in the building of many historic buildings and structures, including the Brooklyn Bridge, the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty, the wings of the U.S. Capitol, the Washington Monument, Grand Central Terminal, the Croton Aqueduct, the Empire State Building (foundation) and dams and many other public works projects. There is also a display of horse-drawn carriages and sleighs.
Andrew J. Snyder I House.
Known also as the Ceramic Brick House. Originally built in 1887 as a Second Empire-style mansion complete with mansard roof, in 1950 the windows and roof were converted to a more standard gable with dormers. It was also refaced in polychrome glazed brick imported from Leeds. This drastic exterior redesign did not cost the house its historic status as its original framing and interior layout remain intact.
Canal infrastructure.
In addition to the canal bed, other aspects of the canal remain within the district. There is a waste weir next to it, and just west of Binnewater Road is a reservoir that was used to keep the canal full during dry stretches. The slip that the company built for Snyder is also intact, and is possibly the only remaining slip from the original construction along the entire length of the former canal.
Widow Jane Mine.
The oldest cement mine, a drift into one of the hillsides. It was constructed using the room and pillar technique, where pillars of dolostone have been left to support the overlying rock. The largest of the mines, it has been likened to an underground pillared room. It is currently mostly flooded with groundwater, but that has not stopped musicians from recording in it to take advantage of the acoustics.

</doc>
<doc id="19210301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210301" title="Algona College">
Algona College

Algona College an American institution of higher education operated in the city of Algona, in Kossuth County, Iowa, between 1869 and 1875. The college was associated with the Methodist Episcopal Church. Iowa historian and author, Harvey Ingham, wrote a history of the college in 1925 and reported that the college closed due to financial difficulties resulting from a plague of locusts. Apparently families in the region could not continue to support the college when their crops were insufficient to support their own families. Ingham wrote that the Upper Des Moines newspaper reported on March 10, 1875 that Congress appropriated $150,000 for the purchase of seed grain for farmers in the devastated regions of Kansas, Nebraska, Iowa, and Minnesota. Ingham wrote, “It is easy to see that soliciting for college endowments was not an encouraging prospect in the grasshopper years."
A contributing factor was community discord over the licensure of saloons in the previously "dry" county.
Ingham wrote that in December, 1872 the college newspaper, the "Algona Collegian" reported the following tuition:
Common English -- $6.00 <br>
Higher English, Latin and Greek -- $8.00<br>
French or German -- (no price listed)<br>
Incidental Fee -- $1.00<br>
Instrumental Music -- $10.00<br>
Use of Instrument for Practice -- $2.00<br>
Board (lodging) was available with families in the community for $2.00 to $3.00 per week.

</doc>
<doc id="19210331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210331" title="Bowman Bay Wildlife Sanctuary">
Bowman Bay Wildlife Sanctuary

Bowman Bay Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary on western Baffin Island within part of the Great Plain of the Koukdjuak in Northern Canada's territory of Nunavut. It is classified as Category IV (Habitat/Species Management Area) under the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Geography.
The sanctuary is located on the eastern shore of Foxe Basin, north of the Foxe Peninsula. Its size is . 
History and conservation.
During J. Dewey Soper's 1928–31 Arctic expedition in this area, he located the Blue Goose ("C. c. caerulescens") nesting grounds on Bluegoose Plain by Bowman Bay. The wildlife sanctuary was established in 1957. It received national legal protection under the Wildlife Act of 2003. 
The sanctuary protects marine and intertidal wildlife. Industrial activities and hunting are prohibited.

</doc>
<doc id="19210357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210357" title="Porter Bibb">
Porter Bibb

Porter Bibb (born c. 1937, Louisville, Kentucky ) is an American media producer and publisher. He is best known for being the first publisher of "Rolling Stone" magazine.
He is a senior investment banker specializing in media, entertainment, and technology ventures. He launched the first investment banking 'boutique' in London in 1962 and was part of the team which created Bankers Trust's highly successful investment banking unit in 1977, completing over 300 media and entertainment transactions in less than five years. For over 15 years, he was principal, senior partner and director of investment banking at Ladenburg Thalmann.
Bibb attended Louisville Male High School, and was a member of the Athenaeum Literary Association, a school-sponsored literary and social club which also included future counterculture journalist Hunter S. Thompson.
Bibb was a significant force behind the filming of the 1969 Woodstock Festival with Albert and David Maysles, convincing them to film the event despite the bad weather and the withdrawal of Warner Bros. financial backing before the festival. He also convinced The Rolling Stones to do the Altamont Free Concert in 1969 and produced the 1970 documentary film "Gimme Shelter" of the event.
Bibb is also a former White House correspondent for "Newsweek" magazine; the first publisher of "Rolling Stone" magazine; and former Corporate Development Director for The New York Times Company. He is the author of several books, including the best-selling biography of Ted Turner (Random House, 1993/1997).
He is a graduate of Yale University (B.A., History) and holds graduate certificates from both the Harvard Business School and London School of Economics.
Bibb is a direct descendant of the first two governors of Alabama: William Wyatt Bibb (1781–1820) and Thomas Bibb (1783–1839).

</doc>
<doc id="19210358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210358" title="John Bourchier, 6th Baron Ferrers of Groby">
John Bourchier, 6th Baron Ferrers of Groby

Sir John Bourchier ( 1438 – 1495) was a 15th-century English knight and nobleman. He was steward of the Honour of Richmond. Bourchier fought in the Battle of Bosworth in 1485 on the side of King Richard III.
Bourchier was the fourth son of Henry Bourchier, 1st Earl of Essex and his wife Isabel of Cambridge, Countess of Essex.
Before 2 May 1462, Bourchier married to the heiress Lady Elizabeth Grey, widow of Sir Edward Grey, "jure uxoris" 6th Baron Ferrers of Groby (d. 18 December 1457). Lady Elizabeth was the granddaughter and heiress of William Ferrers, 5th Baron Ferrers of Groby in her own right. When Lady Ferrers remarried to Bourchier, he received the title of Baron Ferrers of Groby ("jure uxoris"). They had no issue.
After the death of Lady Ferrers, Bourchier remarried to Elizabeth Chichele before 6 July 1490.
Bourchier left a will dated 4 June 1495 in which he requested his burial in Bilegh Abbey, Essex, next to the tomb of his parents.
According to some sources Bourchier died in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19210389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210389" title="Heart Prairie Lutheran Church">
Heart Prairie Lutheran Church

Heart Prairie Lutheran Church of Whitewater, Wisconsin was a historic church organized in 1844 by pioneer Lutheran minister, Claus Lauritz Clausen. 
Before the church was built, services were held under oak trees, in the Lyman School, and in log cabins. One of those early log cabins, owned by Gundar Halvorsen, now sits on the campus of the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater. The Norwegian pioneers began hauling brick by oxcart to build the present church, which was completed between 1855 and 1857. About this time the congregation joined with congregations at Whitewater, Palmyra and Sugar Creek to call the same Lutheran pastor.
During the later 19th century the congregation grew to over 100 members. After 1880 an organist played a reed pump organ that led the congregational hymns. The Norwegian language was used in the church until 1902. It was only then that the English language was introduced into the services, but not used exclusively until 1920. During the early 1900s membership began declining as a result of families moving out of the Heart Prairie area. Finally in 1948, because of dwindling membership, the congregation merged with First English Lutheran Church of Whitewater.
The church, which became known for its historical, architectural and religious features, is included on the National Register of Historic Places. Historically this church may be the oldest Norwegian Lutheran Church in America still being used in its original state. Architecturally the church is a lasting example of pioneer building. Brick was used not only to build walls, but also to supply ornamental and decorative details.

</doc>
<doc id="19210415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210415" title="Telfer School of Management">
Telfer School of Management

The Telfer School of Management is a business school located at the University of Ottawa in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The school is named in honour of one university alumnus, Ian Telfer (MBA 1976), who made a significant donation to the University of Ottawa. The donation of $25 million to the school's business program is the largest donation in Canadian history to be given to a business school.
Degree programs.
The school offers a number of undergraduate and graduate degree programs. The undergraduate programs include Accounting, MIS, e-Business, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Human Resource Management, International Business, Management and Marketing options that all earn a Baccalaureate of Commerce (BCom). The graduate programs include the Master's of Business Administration (MBA), Joint MBA-LLB Option, Executive Master's of Business Administration (EMBA), Master of Science in Management, Master of Science in Health Systems and Master of Health Administration (MHA). The school also offers Inter-disciplinary graduate programs - Masters in Engineering Management, E-Business/ E-Commerce and Systems Science.
Accreditations.
The Telfer School of Management is one of only three schools in North America with triple accreditation. It is fully accredited by the AACSB (United States), the Association of MBAs (United Kingdom), and the EFMD (EQUIS) (Europe).
Building.
The school shares the newly constructed Desmarais Building (fr. Pavillon Desmarais), designed by Moriyama & Teshima Architects, with the Faculty of Social Sciences. Construction of this new facility was made possible in part by a generous $15-million contribution from Mr. Paul Desmarais Sr., a graduate of the Telfer School of Management (BCom 1950). The Desmarais Building was completed in 2007.
Rankings.
In the 2006 ReportED Global Business School Ranking, the Telfer School of Management has been ranked 70th in the world and 6th among Canadian universities, for its MBA program.
The 2004 "Financial Times" global survey of EMBA programs ranked the U of O Executive MBA 65th out of 220 worldwide. In the 2007 rankings, the university placed 87th out of the top 90 EMBA programs.
The Telfer School of Management has also ranked among the "Financial Times" Top 150 business schools for the last four consecutive years (2004-2007).
The Corporate Knights magazine 2005 survey of business schools ranked the university’s undergraduate program 4th in Canada. In the 2007 survey of business and law rankings, the undergraduate business program placed 10th. 
In the 2011 survey, the Telfer School of Management ranked 5th for its undergraduate business program (the Telfer BCom) and 8th for its MBA Program (the Telfer MBA). The rankings use additional components of social and environmental impact management infused into their curricula.
The Telfer School of Management is featured in the 2011 Edition of The Best 300 Business Schools Worldwide by Princeton Review, which produces test preparation, such as the SAT's and information regarding college admissions. The Telfer School of Management has been included in the Princeton Review's ranking of top business schools since 2005.
Alumni.
Paul Desmarais Sr. (B.Com 1950) Chairman of the Executive Committee, Power Corporation of Canada
Ian Telfer (MBA 1976), President and CEO, Goldcorp Inc.
Scott Sinclair (BCom 1988), Founder & President, Range Capital Advisors
Jean Desgagne (B.Com 1986), Senior Vice President, Trading Risk Services, TD Bank Financial Group
Robert Giroux (BAdm 1961), Former President of the Canadian Public Service Commission
J. Richard Bertrand (MBA 1985), Vice President, Government Affairs, Pratt & Whitney Canada
Michael McFaul (B.Admin 1982), Chairman of the Board, Partner at Deloitte Canada
Emmanuel Florakas (B.Com 1995), (IMBA 1997) Co-Founder, President and CFO, Lixar I.T. Inc.
Christine Allison (B.com 1982), Assistant Vice-President, Finance, MD Management
Suzanne Morris (B.Com 1986), Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, CBC/Radio-Canada
Gaétan Caron (MBA 1987) Vice-Chairman, The National Energy Board
Mark R. Bruneau (B.com 1982) Executive Vice-President and Chief Strategy Officer, Bell Canada Enterprises
Robert Ashe (BCom 1982), General Manager, Business Analytics, IBM, (former President and CEO, Cognos)
Dominique De Celles (BCom 1983) Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, L’Oréal Canada
Alex Beraskow, President & CEO, IT/Net Ottawa Inc.
Stephen Quesnelle, Director of Human Resources, Intuit Canada Limited
Sean Wise, Managing Director, Wise Mentor Capital
Hélène Joncas, Co-founder and Vice President Marketing and Business Development, SipQuest
Clinton Stark (MBA 1998) CEO & Co-Founder, Blue Lizard Group, Silicon Valley, USA
Norm Lo, Vice President of the Asia-Pacific, Research In Motion
Paul Wagner, Chief Technology Officer, Justice Canada
Jacqueline H.R. Le Saux (MBA 1979) Vice President, Corporate and Legal Affairs, Vasogen Inc.
Nick Quain (B.Com 1993) President & CEO, CellWand Communications Inc.
Guy Laflamme (MBA 1989) Vice-President, Marketing & Communications, National Capital Commission
Guy Dupuis (B.MgSc 1980) VP, Cognos (IBM)
Pierre-Paul Allard, Vice-President, Global Industries, Global Enterprise Theatre, Cisco Systems Inc., Silicon Valley
Peter Bowie (MBA 1976) Chief Executive Officer, Deloitte China
Louise Tardif (B.Com 1986) VP, Investment Advisor, National Bank of Canada

</doc>
<doc id="19210425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210425" title="Next of Kin (nonfiction)">
Next of Kin (nonfiction)

Next of Kin is a book by Roger Fouts combining his experiences with Washoe and other chimpanzees who learned American Sign Language, and a polemic in favor of great ape personhood.

</doc>
<doc id="19210435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210435" title="Fool (If You Think It's Over)">
Fool (If You Think It's Over)

"Fool (If You Think It's Over)" is the title of a popular song from 1978 by the British singer-songwriter Chris Rea. Rea also wrote the song, which appears on his 1978 debut album, "Whatever Happened to Benny Santini?".
Released as a single in 1978, the song originally failed to chart in Rea's home country. It did, however, reach the Top 40 of the American music charts, peaking at No. 12 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in September 1978. The song also spent three weeks at No. 1 on the U.S. "Billboard" adult contemporary chart. When re-released in the U.K. later in 1978, the song reached No. 30 on the UK Singles Chart.
The song has been covered by a number of other artists. British singer Elkie Brooks released her version of the song in 1981, and it reached No. 17 on the UK Singles Chart.
The song served as the theme to the 1990s British sitcom "Joking Apart". Kenny Craddock arranged and performed this version.

</doc>
<doc id="19210462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210462" title="Panic! at the Disco discography">
Panic! at the Disco discography

Panic! at the Disco is a rock band that originated in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA. Their 2005 debut album, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out", reached No. 13 on the US "Billboard" 200, and has sold over 2.2 million copies since its September 2005 release, spearheaded by the hit single "I Write Sins Not Tragedies". The band's second album, "Pretty. Odd.", was released on March 25, 2008 and debuted at No. 2 in the US. Their third effort, "Vices & Virtues", was released on March 22, 2011 and peaked at No. 7 in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="19210505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210505" title="Allan Friedman">
Allan Friedman

Allan Howard Friedman is the Guy L. Odom Professor of Neurological Surgery (neurosurgery) at Duke University Medical Center, specializing in tumor and vascular neurosurgery. He has been on the Duke faculty since 1981.
Friedman was born in Chicago, Illinois in 1949 and attended Purdue University, graduating with a bachelor of science degree in 1970. He earned his medical degree from the University of Illinois in 1974. [http://www.cancer.duke.edu/btc/modules/facultystaff1/index.php?id=2]
He operated on Senator Edward Kennedy, journalist Robert Novak and author Reynolds Price.

</doc>
<doc id="19210530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210530" title="Browsing (herbivory)">
Browsing (herbivory)

Browsing is a type of herbivory in which a herbivore (or, more narrowly defined, a folivore) feeds on leaves, soft shoots, or fruits of high growing, generally woody, plants such as shrubs. This is contrasted with grazing, usually associated with animals feeding on grass or other low vegetation. An example of this dichotomy are goats (which are browsers) and sheep (which are grazers); these two closely related ruminants utilize dissimilar food sources.
Browse.
The plant material eaten is known as "browse" and is naturally taken straight from the plant, though owners of livestock such as goats and deer may cut twigs or branches for feeding to the stock. In temperate regions, owners take browse before leaf fall, then dry and store it as a winter feed supplement. In time of drought, herdsmen may cut branches from beyond the reach of their stock, as forage at ground level. In the tropical regions, where population pressure leads owners to resort to this more often, there is a danger of permanent depletion of the supply. Animals in captivity may be fed browse as a replacement for their wild food sources; in the case of bears, the browse may consist of bunches of banana leaves, bamboo shoots, slender pine, spruce, fir and willow branches, straw and native grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="19210561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210561" title="The Maiden Queen">
The Maiden Queen

Secret Love, or The Maiden Queen is a 1667 tragicomedy written by John Dryden. The play, commonly known by its more distinctive subtitle, was acted by the King's Company at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane (which had escaped the Great Fire of London the year before). The premiere occurred on 2 March, and was a popular success. King Charles II, his brother the Duke of York and future King James II, and Samuel Pepys were all in the audience on opening night.
"The Maiden Queen" was noteworthy as a vehicle for Nell Gwyn, who played the heroine Florimel. Pepys raved about her performance in his Diary — "so great performance of a comical part was never, I believe, in the world before..." He returned to see the play eight more times. It was also a special favorite of the King, who reportedly called it "his play."
In addition to Nell Gwyn, the original cast included Nicholas Burt as Lysimantes, Michael Mohun as Philocles, and Charles Hart as Celadon; Anne Marshall as Candiope and her sister Rebecca Marshall as the Queen, Mary Knep as Asteria, and Katherine Corey as Melissa. A later production in 1672 was cast entirely by women. Thomas Killigrew, manager of the King's Company, had developed this practice of all-female casts, starting with a 1664 staging of his own play "The Parson's Wedding", as a way to capitalize of the Restoration innovation of actresses on the English stage.
"The Maiden Queen" was first published in 1668 by Henry Herringman. Another edition followed in 1698.
Dryden composed his play in a mixture of rhymed verse, blank verse, and prose. Gerard Langbaine noted in the 1690s that Dryden drew plot materials from two prose fictions by Madeleine de Scudéry, "Le Grand Cyrus" (for the main plot) and "Ibrahim, ou l'Illustre Bassa" (for the subplot). (Dryden returned to Scudéry's "Ibrahim" for inspiration for another play, "An Evening's Love", the following year, 1668 — though that venture proved much less successful.) Dryden also borrowed material from Shirley's "Love in a Maze". By Dryden's own testimony, the unheroic Philocles was inspired by Magnus de la Garide, the royal favorite of Queen Christina of Sweden.
The drama was revived in an adapted form in 1707; Colley Cibber mixed it with materials from "Marriage à la mode". The play remained in the repertory throughout the eighteenth century in various forms; a shortened version called "Celadon and Florimel" was acted as late as 1796. A London revival of "The Maiden Queen" occurred in 1886. 

</doc>
<doc id="19210576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210576" title="Boom (Royce da 5'9&quot; song)">
Boom (Royce da 5'9&quot; song)

"Boom" is a song and the first single from rapper Royce da 5'9"'s debut studio album Rock City (Version 2.0) which was released in 2002 through E1 Music (formerly "Koch Records) and Game Recordings after another record label had turned down his first version of the album. The single however was released on December 14, 1999, in CD and vinyl form. "Boom" was Royce's first single as a solo artist and was the source of him gaining underground notability as a rap artist.
The B-side of this single is "Soldier's Story".
Chart positions.
The song "Boom" reached No. 48 on the "Billboard" Hot Rap Singles chart in 1999.
Music video.
The music video to "Boom" starts off with a clock ticking in the background. Royce da 5'9" is sleeping is his bed and wakes up as soon as the music starts. As he gets out of his bed he retrieves "the clock" and chucks it on the ground, it later shows his body in x-ray form along with an actual clock time bomb inside his body. The music video continues with him rapping along the street wearing cargo pants, boots, a shirt, vest and a broad brimmed hat. Occasionally he will scare off other people in the street by revealing the ticking time bomb concealed in his vest, the rest of the music video shows snaps of Royce with other people in dance clubs and even being detected by a person at the shops with a Geiger counter. The music video ends with the time bomb exploding in the middle of the street in front of many witnesses.

</doc>
<doc id="19210580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210580" title="Past NHIAA Football Divisional Alignments">
Past NHIAA Football Divisional Alignments

The NHIAA (New Hampshire Interscholastic Athletic Association) is the governing body for competitions among all public and some private high schools in the state of New Hampshire. For most sponsored sports, the state is divided into 4 categories by school size: Large, Intermediate, Medium, and Small (L, I, M, S). Football is separated in a different way as seen below.
2008 division memberships.
Beginning with the 2008 football season, teams were reorganized into 6 divisions based on size and location: I-VI.
2006-2007 division memberships.
For the 2006 and 2007 football seasons, teams were divided into 5 divisions based on size and location: I-V.

</doc>
<doc id="19210585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210585" title="Puttin' On the Ritz (film)">
Puttin' On the Ritz (film)

"Puttin' On the Ritz" (1930) is a musical film, directed by Edward Sloman and starred Harry Richman, Joan Bennett, and James Gleason. The screenplay was written by James Gleason and William K. Wells, based on a story by John W. Considine, Jr.
This was the first of many movies to feature the popular song "Puttin' On the Ritz", written and published by Irving Berlin in 1929.
Preservation status.
All current prints derive from a 1940's re-release print that was censored for Pre-Code content and cut down by about twenty minutes. The title cards at the start and end of the film have also been edited and altered. "Puttin' On the Ritz" was originally shot with two-color Technicolor sequences, but today those sequences partially survive only in black and white. 

</doc>
<doc id="19210598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210598" title="Pine Street Historic District">
Pine Street Historic District

Pine Street Historic District can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19210604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210604" title="HD 37646">
HD 37646

HD 37646 is a star in a double system.

</doc>
<doc id="19210614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210614" title="Shoes (GUI toolkit)">
Shoes (GUI toolkit)

Shoes is a GUI toolkit based on the Ruby programming language. It was originally developed by why the lucky stiff, and others are carrying on with it after his disappearance. Shoes runs on Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X and Linux (GTK+), using the underlying technologies of Cairo and Pango.
Shoes' philosophy is one of simplicity. It's designed to make applications as easy as possible. Here's an example Shoes app:
Shoes isn't just for standard windowing widgets. It also has basic graphics primitives, letting developers draw lines, circles, and even physics (via Chipmunk).
Releases.
Current release is version 3.1. Shoes 4 is going to be a major re-write. It'll move to an all-Ruby code base, using the Ruby bindings to the windowing libraries, rather than the C ones. 

</doc>
<doc id="19210627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210627" title="Adverse Events">
Adverse Events

"Adverse Events" is the third episode of the fifth season of "House" and the eighty-ninth episode overall. It first aired on September 30, 2008. Breckin Meyer guest starred as an artist who has an unexplained visual problem.
Plot.
The episode begins with Brandon (Breckin Meyer), an artist, painting a portrait of a nude woman (Sarah Knowlton). Upon seeing the finished product however, the woman's husband (Drew Powell) becomes angry and punches him, and it is revealed that the painting is horribly distorted, but the artist is seeing it as perfectly normal. 
At the hospital, House and his team looks at the artist's work trying to determine his diagnosis. However, Brandon protests that he is getting better and shows some quick sketches that he has done, which look normal. Kutner and Taub search his house for toxins and drugs, but find nothing significant. When Thirteen points out Brandon's reluctance to submit to tests, House deduces that the patient knows he's fine, and Brandon admits that he volunteered for clinical trials to make money. Although he should be getting better as he stopped the experimental drugs, he suffers a seizure and his condition worsens. Foreman believes it is impossible to determine the interactions between the different drugs and suggests dialysis to clear out Brandon's blood. However, it appears that the drugs were not responsible for the symptoms, since Brandon suffers another seizure with facial swelling even after the dialysis is completed.
Brandon continues to present an odd collection of symptoms, including abnormal hormone levels (causing him to assault Thirteen) and hair color change. House orders a heart surgery to deal with Brandon's abnormal heart rhythm, but Taub begins to suspect lingering toxins when Brandon presents distorted vision again. After investigating the storage room where Brandon's unsold paintings have been kept, Taub finds that his paintings show distortion every other month. House discovers that whenever Brandon took the experimental antacid, undigested food caused a bezoar to grow bigger and absorb the pills. Even after his admission into the hospital, the drugs have been slowly released into his system and have caused the symptoms. The heart surgery is cancelled and the bezoar is surgically removed.
During the diagnosis, House is constantly fed information concerning his team from Lucas (Michael Weston), the private investigator he hired with hospital money (much to Cuddy's annoyance). House uses the trivia mostly to embarrass his team members, but Taub is disturbed when he learns from House of a secret bank account that his wife set up. Although he is angry with House's meddling, he begins to avoid returning home to his wife. Brandon, the patient, is also having difficulties with his girlfriend, Heather (Marika Dominczyk), afraid that she might leave him when she learns about his financial difficulties and experimental drugs. Taub advises him not to tell her if he wants to continue their relationship. Taub finally confronts his wife (Jennifer Crystal Foley), but she reveals that she had been saving to buy him a new car, much to Taub's relief as well as guilt. Before his surgery, Brandon overcomes his fears and confesses to his girlfriend about how he became sick, to which she replies she would not leave him. When Taub's wife shows up at the hospital with the new car, Taub decides to have a talk with her first. It is implied that he confesses to his wife about his affair in the past and asks for forgiveness.
Meanwhile, Lucas continues his investigation on those around House. Cuddy catches Lucas in her office sorting through her desk for 'research'. Lucas explains he wants to 'know more about her'; he appears to be attracted to her and asks her out. Cuddy points out this is not romantic, but creepy. As he is leaving, he offers to give her embarrassing information on House, in exchange for 'technically' hiring him and going out with him. However, it is revealed that Cuddy is being set up by House; House has hired him to find information that he can use against her, even though Lucas confesses he actually likes Cuddy. The next day, Lucas is having lunch with Cuddy and finds out Cuddy knows that she is being set up. Cuddy shows that she is nonetheless interested in Lucas. Lucas later reports to House that Cuddy didn't fall for their trap. The two argue that using a photo-shopped picture of a younger House on the cheerleader team wasn't the best idea, before Lucas confesses he found out that the picture is real; House had joined the team for a girl. Lucas states that it is too bad Cuddy didn't see him in a different light, even worse that she didn't even believe it is possible. House replies 'people hate people who have theories about people', and the episode ends with House on the guitar and Lucas on the piano playing a blues song together.

</doc>
<doc id="19210674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210674" title="List of TVB series (2009)">
List of TVB series (2009)

This is a list of series released by TVB in 2009.
Top ten drama series in ratings.
The following is a list of TVB's highest-rated drama series of 2009 according to the drama's average ratings. The list also includes the ratings of the dramas' premiere and finale weeks, as well as the average overall count of Hong Kong viewers per drama.
First line series.
These dramas air in Hong Kong from 8:00pm to 8:30pm, Monday to Friday on Jade.
Second line series.
These dramas air in Hong Kong from 8:30pm to 9:30pm, Monday to Friday on Jade.
Third line series.
These dramas air in Hong Kong from 9:30pm to 10:30pm, Monday to Friday on Jade.
Warehoused series.
These dramas were released overseas and have not broadcast on the TVB Jade Channel.
Saturday Series.
These dramas air in Hong Kong from 8:30pm to 9:30pm, on TVB.

</doc>
<doc id="19210678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210678" title="John Nicolson">
John Nicolson

John Nicolson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19210696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210696" title="Nixon Waterman">
Nixon Waterman

Nixon Waterman (12 November 1859, Newark, Kendall County, Illinois - 1 September 1944, Canton, Norfolk County, Massachusetts) was a newspaper writer, poet and Chautauqua lecturer, who rose to prominence in the 1890s.

</doc>
<doc id="19210703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210703" title="Monkey Puzzle (book)">
Monkey Puzzle (book)

Monkey Puzzle by Julia Donaldson and Axel Scheffler is an illustrated children's book.
Plot.
The story revolves around a child monkey who has lost its mother in the jungle. The monkey is then assisted to find its mother by a butterfly, however the butterfly keeps suggesting incorrect animals as the monkey's mother.
This book is known as "Where's my mom" in America.

</doc>
<doc id="19210727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210727" title="Gynatrix pulchella">
Gynatrix pulchella

Gynatrix pulchella (Hemp Bush, Aboriginal Hemp) is a dioecious flowering shrub in the family Malvaceae, endemic to south-east Australia 
. It grows to 3 metres in height and has white or cream flowers. The species occurs in New South Wales, the Australian Capital Territory, Victoria and Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="19210729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210729" title="Japan National Route 488">
Japan National Route 488

National Route 488 is a national highway of Japan connecting between Masuda, Shimane and Hatsukaichi, Hiroshima in Japan, with total length has 108.9 km (67.66 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="19210785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210785" title="Japan National Route 484">
Japan National Route 484

National Route 484 is a national highway of Japan connecting between Masuda, Shimane and Hatsukaichi, Hiroshima in Japan, with total length has 93.9 km (58.34 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="19210802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210802" title="J. Michael Harter">
J. Michael Harter

James "J." Michael Harter (born January 7, 1979 in Phoenix, Arizona) is an American country music artist. Signed to the independent Broken Bow Records in 2002, Harter released his debut album "Unexpected Change" that year. It produced one single on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts in "Hard Call to Make", which peaked at No. 45. Following its release, Harter founded his own label, Big Al, and later joined his sister and brother in a country trio called SEVEN (now The Harters).
Biography.
J. Michael Harter was born James Michael Harter. The middle child of five, he has two older sisters, a younger sister, and a younger brother. Harter was inspired at an early age by George Strait and Garth Brooks, and would spend hours alone in his room, teaching himself to play guitar along with their songs. While in high school, he wrote his first song, for his girlfriend.
Starting at age seventeen, Harter began performing locally in his native Phoenix, Arizona. By 1999, he had moved to Nashville, Tennessee in pursuit of a musical career, eventually meeting record producer Blake Mevis. Harter then signed to Broken Bow Records, then a newly established independent record label, in 2002. His debut single, "Hard Call to Make", spent sixteen weeks on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts, peaking at No. 45. It was the only chart single from his debut album "Unexpected Change" (2002). The song was a ballad in which the narrator describes the choices he had to make in life. "Unexpected Change" received a favorable review from About.com critic Jolene Downs, who said that although Harter did not look like a country singer, the songs showcased his singing and songwriting talents well.
Harter later exited Broken Bow's roster after the release of his album, and by 2004 he had formed another label called Big Al, in association with the Lofton Creek Records label. A year later, he joined his sister Leslie and brother Scott to form a country music trio called SEVEN. They released a single entitled "Drunk Chicks" in 2005. The trio, renamed The Harters, resumed recording in 2009 under the production of Keith Stegall.

</doc>
<doc id="19210808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210808" title="Lammy">
Lammy

Lammy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19210831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210831" title="Mapúa Cardinals">
Mapúa Cardinals

The Mapúa Cardinals is the National Collegiate Athletic Association (Philippines) basketball team of the Mapúa Institute of Technology.
The Mapúa Cardinals holds the NCAA record for the most number of General Championships in the seniors division with a total of 20—the last of these championships was won in 1993. At distant second is the Colegio de San Juan de Letran which has 8 seniors titles.
Of the total Seniors GC's won by the Cardinals, 10 were hauled from the 1980s to the mid-1990s in addition to 3 (out of a total 8) in the juniors division over the same period, a testament to the distinguished leadership of the legendary Valerio "Amang" Lopez as Athletic Director.
Name.
Don Tomas Mapúa, the founder of the Mapúa Institute of Technology. was an avid fan of the Major League Baseball team, the St. Louis Cardinals. The Juniors (high school) team adopted the Red Robin.
Basketball.
History.
The Mapúa Cardinals have won the NCAA Seniors Championship five times (in 1949, 1965, 1981, and the back-to-back titles from 1991–92 to 1992-93). The MIT basketball team holds the distinction of producing alumni players who have won the season Most Valuable Player award in the professional Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) for the most number of years. The legendary Freddie Hubalde and Fortunato "Atoy" Co won this award once each in 1977 and 1979, respectively, while Alvin Patrimonio. has won it four times, in 1991, 1993, 1994 and 1997. All three players are members of the 25 All-Time Greatest PBA Players.
The Mapúa Red Robins, on the other hand, still holds the NCAA record for winning the most number of titles in the juniors division with 18 championships, the last of which was won during the 2000 season. As a testament to its superb performance in the NCAA juniors division, the Red Robins also have the distinction of winning a rare five-year championship run from 1968 to 1972.
Track and field.
Another sport where the Mapua Cardinals and Red Robins have demonstrated their dominance in the NCAA is in track and field. Prior to 1953, relay and track and field events were counted separately although Mapuan athletes have already demonstrated a winning tradition. Since 1953 when these events were formalized, MIT has won a total of 25 titles in the seniors division and 6 in the juniors division. Ateneo de Manila follows at a distant second with 17 juniors and 6 seniors titles.
The Mapúa track and field team has produced some notable Philippine sports heroes including:
Several other members of past Philippine national teams are also from MIT.
Other sports.
The Mapúa Institute of Technology has also shown great performances in other sports.
As an example, the Mapúa seniors swimming team, coached for many years by Prof. Edilberto Bonus, has won no less than 40 titles in the seniors division and 22 in the juniors. This clearly dominating record is followed only by that of San Beda College with 21 championships in the juniors division but only 8 titles in the seniors events. MIT's tankers last won the seniors crown in 1997 while the last juniors title was won in 1991.
Prof. Bonus, an outstanding Mapuan, is himself a distinguished swimmer having won the Bronze Medal at the first Asian Games that was held in New Delhi, India in 1951. Until his retirement, he was an admired professor of both Mathematics and Physical Education at the Institute. He also served as President of the Philippine Amateur Swimming Association for several years.
The MIT chess team has produced the likes of Eugene Torre, Asia's first grandmaster as well as International Master Renato Naranja, both of whom represented the country in the 1972 Chess Olympiad. In addition, International Master Ildefonso Datu and several National Masters including Ernesto Encarnacion Jr. and Julius De Ramos also honed their skills with the seniors chess team. Mapua has won a total of 11 NCAA Chess titles in the seniors division, the last being in 2002, and 6 NCAA juniors titles although the last one was in 1996.
MIT leads the NCAA with 16 seniors and 17 juniors titles followed by San Beda with 11 seniors and 14 juniors championships. Mapua's tennis greats include former Philippine and Southeast Asian number one netter Manuel Tolentino who represented the country in the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics. Mapua last won the seniors title in 1994 and the juniors in 1997.
Behind La Salle and San Beda, Mapúa has the third best winning record in football with 7 juniors titles and 12 seniors titles. The MIT football team has produced several players who have played for the Philippine national football team in international competitions.
It has been founded in 1986 by former Philippine team member and 14th Southeast Asian Games silver medalist middleweight jin, Joal Pamintuan (BSME). Pamintuan was part of the Philippine contingent in the SEA Games which was composed of other notable jins like: Arnold Baradi, Stephen Fernandez, Monsour Del Rosario, Ernie Roque, Jobet Morales, and Bobby Vargas. Pamintuan is also a member of the elite Philippine Taekwondo Association's Taekwondo Blackbelt Brotherhood (TBB) batch 5. The first batch of jins formed in 1986 the Mapua Taekwondo Association (MITTA) and is recognized by the Philippine Taekwondo Association. MITTA officially represented Mapua in various interschool and national championships starting in 1986 where it saw action competitively for the first time in The 1986 National Taekwonwondo Championships. Its best performance was at the 1989 Interschool Championships where it fielded two teams: Mapua Gold and Mapua Red. Mapua Gold won the bronze medal when it defeated the Gray team of the Philippine Military Academy (PMA) in the quarterfinals. The founding members of MITTA were: Emman Arquelada (BSCE/BSEnSE), Ray Arquelada (BSAR), Egie Paredes (BSECE), Gilbert Apolonia (BSAR), Jay Pamintuan (BSEE), who was also a member of TBB batch 8, Tang Manwai (BSECE), Gilbert Dy (BSME), Richard Tan (BSCE), among others. It has been disbanded in 1992 when most of its members have already graduated, including Joal Pamintuan. Taekwondo is taught again in the school after it was acquired by The Yuchengco Group and is currently developing players to represent the school. It is being handle by Noel Almaida, a former member of the Philippine Taekwondo Demo Team and an active member of the Elite Taekwondo BlackBelter Brotherhood (TBB).
Cheering at the NCAA.
The MIT Cheerping Cardinals.
The Mapúa Cheerleading Association known informally as the Cheerping Cardinals won the NCAA's first ever cheerdancing competition held in 2004. Since then, they continued to show exhibit competitive performances, including a runner-up finish in the 2007 competition where they lost to the University of Perpetual Help pep squad by a single point.
MIT Songs and Cheers.
The staple cheer of the Mapúa Institute of Technology is the cry "Viva Mapúa!"

</doc>
<doc id="19210883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210883" title="Seedo">
Seedo

Seedo (also Sidow) (ca. 1700 – ca. 1754), also called Mr Seedo, as his forename is unknown, was a German composer who worked primarily in England. He was a son of Samuel Peter Sidow, a musician employed by the Elector of Brandenburg. By the mid-1720s, Seedo was working at the Little Theatre in London's Haymarket. In 1727 he married the singer Maria Manina, who had small parts in London’s Italian operas beginning in 1711, probably including Handel's "Silla". 
Between 1731 and 1734, Seedo worked on Drury Lane imitations. He wrote several successful stage works, of which his ballad opera "The Devil to Pay" was the most successful. When the work was first performed on stage it was a failure, but when the composer cut it significantly, from a full opera of 42 airs to an afterpiece of sixteen airs, it became a hit. Apart from "The Beggar's Opera", "The Devil to Pay" was by far the most popular ballad opera of the 18th century. The work was given regular London performances until well into the 19th century and a translation by C. W. von Borcke made it popular in Austria and the German states as well. Borcke's translation was a major influence on the development of "singspiel". 
Seedo died in Potsdam about 1754, a date inferred from payments made to him.

</doc>
<doc id="19210884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210884" title="Gary Scott AA Provincial Championships">
Gary Scott AA Provincial Championships

History.
The Shrine Bowl Provincial Championships gave way to the American style of ranking schools. Schools are divided into three classes by total enrollment in grades 9-11 only: A (0-337 students), AA (340-618 students), and AAA (619 students and up). The championships then became known as Frank Gnup AAA Provincial Championships and the Gary Scott AA Provincial Championships.
The championships are a part of the Subway Bowl held at BC Place Stadium, in the province of British Columbia, and televised across Canada.
External links.
"Vasity Champions of the Past" [http://www.bchighschoolfootball.com/bcfootball/docs/Varsity_Champions.doc]

</doc>
<doc id="19210895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210895" title="Julien Binford">
Julien Binford

Julien Binford (1909–1997) was an American painter. He studied at the Art Institute of Chicago and then in France. Settling in Powhatan County, Virginia, he was known for his paintings of the rural population of his neighborhood as well as for his murals. During World War II (1944)he lived in New York and painted views of the port during the war. These paintings (4 full pages in color) were featured in LIFE magazine. In 1946 he was appointed professor of painting at Mary Washington College in Fredericksburg, Virginia, where he worked until his retirement in 1971.
Youth.
Julien Binford was born of an old southern family, on December 25, 1908 in Fine Creek Mills, Powhatan County, Virginia, where he spent his childhood. After high school, he entered premedical school at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. The director of the new Atlanta High Museum noticed his proficiency in rendering dissections and encouraged him to concentrate on developing his *painting talent. Following this advice, Binford studied at the Art Institute of Chicago where he excelled. In 1932, he was awarded the Edward L. Ryerson Traveling Fellowship ($2,500) and spent *three years studying in Paris.
In France he married Élisabeth Bollée (b. August 9, 1908), daughter of Léon Bollée, a French automobile manufacturer before World War I. Élisabeth had married Count Jean Maurice Gilbert de Vautibault in 1927 and had published several volumes of poems (under the name Elisabeth de Vautibault), which were praised by well-known poets such as Jean Paulhan and Léon-Paul Fargue. She divorced after meeting Julien Binford and continued writing poems both in French and in English. She converted from Greek Orthodox to the Baptist faith after moving to America with her husband.
The early years.
In 1935, Binford returned with his wife to Virginia and bought a small farm called “The Foundry”. The property had been the home of Robert E. Lee's brother, Charles Carter Lee. After having formally surrendered at Appomattox Court House, General Lee, while on his way to Richmond, spent his last night as a Confederate general on April 14, 1865, camping on the lawn. The original building of the "Foundry" was however in ruins and Binford and his wife, Elizabeth, lived in a windy shack with no water, no lights, and no heat. In the first years they lived mainly by farming. After 1945, when their finances had improved, they undertook a massive reconstruction of the buildings 
The simple life-style influenced Binford’s painting. His work, which in his one-man showings in Paris had been abstract, became more realistic. He relied on his neighbors and their environment for inspiration. Binford established a close relationship with his African American neighbors, using them as the subject of his work on numerous occasions. Several of his paintings, presented in Manhattan's Midtown Galleries, look like a black-belt village on Saturday afternoon.
One of his most famous works is the mural titled "The Lord Over Jordan" in Shiloh Baptist Church in Powhatan, Virginia. This is one of the rare occasions that a black congregation commissioned a white artist to decorate its church. The mural, a 12 foot x 12 foot painting, was unveiled with impressive ceremonies and forms the background to the church's baptismal pool. As the congregation was poor, he agreed to be paid in produce, two pick-up truck loads of chickens, corn, potatoes, and beets. which helped the Binfords tide over the winter.
The war years.
In the 1940s he developed a relationship with a gallery in New York City. The success of his work allowed Julien and Elizabeth Binford to move to Manhattan.
One of the New Deal programs for the economic recovery during Great Depression was designed to provide jobs, not only for manual laborers but for artists as well. The U.S. Treasury Department’s Section of Fine Arts commissioned the painting of murals on walls of post offices and other public buildings, which lead to a school known as "New Deal Art". One of these was the mural for the Post Office of Forest, Mississippi. The mural intended to illustrate both the name of the city and the lumber industry of the surrounding county. His oil on canvas mural, completed in April 1941, presents four loggers skidding logs out of the woods. The painting, displayed temporarily at the Mint Museum in Charlotte, N.C..Charlotte, North Carolina, was praised by the Charlotte "Observer". An editor of the "Progressive Farmer" called it the best painting he had ever seen in a public building.
The mural was the only one Binford did for the Fine Arts Section. In 1941 Binford was commissioned to paint a mural of the burning of Richmond (1865) for the Post Office of Saunders, Virginia. Intending to illustrate the suffering of the southerners during the last days of the Confederacy, Binford submitted a preliminary sketch showing a street scene with looters, a mother trying to escape with her baby over bodies of dead soldiers lying on the ground, a half-naked woman who had torn off her blouse to prevent herself from being scorched, a horseman riding roughshod over all. The sketch raised controversy. A former president-general of the United Daughters of the Confederacy stated: "It is one of the most horrible things I've ever seen.". Bishop James Cannon Jr. of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, who was very influential in Virginia politics, published a criticism in the Richmond "Times-Dispatch" indicating: "The woman's back and hips are poorly portrayed.". Though Julien Binford angrily retorted: "When and how did this bishop become an authority on the 'backs and hips' of nude women?", he never got the commission.
However, during 1942 his work received the attention of "Time", "Newsweek" and "Life", which presented reproductions of some of his paintings. During World War II, he worked on a series of paintings titled "New York Harbor at War" which were published in a special section of "Life".
Teaching activity.
In 1946 he was appointed professor of painting at Mary Washington College in Fredericksburg, Virginia. He was the organizer of regular meetings with a small group of friends, including Emil Schnellock, Matila Ghyka, and Milton Stansbury. He was a faculty member for 25 years until 1971, when he retired to devote more time to his painting. Some of his works are in the Mary Washington University Galleries' permanent collection.
Edward Alvey, Jr., dean of Mary Washington, wrote of Binford:
His wife died on July 11, 1984. Julien lived alone for the next ten years and then moved to Charlotte to be near his sister, Eleanor Binford Booth at Southminster retirement center. He died in Charlotte in 1997, at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="19210908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210908" title="HD 33463">
HD 33463

HD 33463 is variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="19210918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210918" title="List of Syrian Armenians">
List of Syrian Armenians

This is a list of some famous Armenians in Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="19210998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19210998" title="List of Lebanese Armenians">
List of Lebanese Armenians

This is a list of Lebanese-Armenians from Lebanon categorized by subject.

</doc>
<doc id="19211055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211055" title="Augustus Louis, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen">
Augustus Louis, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen

Augustus Louis of Anhalt-Köthen (Köthen, 9 June 1697 – Köthen, 6 August 1755), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Köthen.
He was the third (but second surviving) son of Emmanuel Lebrecht, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, by his wife Gisela Agnes of Rath.
Life.
In 1702, Augustus' father instituted primogeniture in his lands so that on his death in 1704 only the eldest surviving son, Leopold, inherited his father's titles and powers.
When Leopold was declared of age in 1715, Augustus Louis tried to claim his rights under the old system, but finally Leopold forced him to renounce them. In exchange, Augustus Louis received the enclave of Güsten with its old "Schloss" built in 1547 by Prince George III and the town of Warmsdorf with all its revenues, as well as other concessions.
After the death from smallpox of Leopold and his only son in 1728, Augustus Louis inherited Anhalt-Köthen, however he soon faced disputes with his sister-in-law, the Dowager Princess Charlotte Fredericka (who sought the payment of her widow dowry), and his niece Gisela Agnes (who made claims to her father's inheritance).
In 1730 Charlotte Fredericka married Albert Wolfgang, Count of Schaumburg-Lippe, but until her death in 1785 she received the sum of 200,000 Thalers annually from Anhalt-Köthen. For Gisela Agnes, the income from her inheritance rose to 335,000 Thalers a year. These payments left Anhalt-Köthen deeply in debt. Augustus Louis tried to address the fiscal problems created by obligations to his brother's family members, but without success.
Marriages and Issue.
About 1720, Augustus Louis fell in love with Agnes Wilhelmine of Wuthenau (b. Plötzkau, 4 December 1700 - d. Köthen, 14 January 1725), of the old nobility of Anhalt and lady-in-waiting to his mother, the Dowager Princess Gisela Agnes. They were engaged on 18 November 1721 and she was created Countess of Warmsdorf (German: "Gräfin von Warmsdorf") by the Emperor. The couple finally married in Dresden on 23 January 1722; this morganatic union produced only two daughters, who were recognized as princesses of Anhalt with all appertaining rights:
In Sorau on 14 January 1726, a year after the death of his first wife, Augustus Louis married again to Christine Johanna Emilie (b. Sorau, 15 September 1708 - d. Köthen, 20 February 1732), daughter of Erdmann II, Count of Promnitz-Pless. They had five children:
In Sorau on 21 November 1732 Augustus Louis married Anna Fredericka (b. Sorau, 30 May 1711 - d. Köthen, 31 March 1750), daughter of Erdmann II, Count of Promnitz-Pless, and younger sister of his second wife, just nine months after the latter's death. They had two daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="19211097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211097" title="Chiaro Davanzati">
Chiaro Davanzati

Chiaro Davanzati (died 1304) was an Italian poet from Florence, one of the Siculo-Tuscan poets, who introduced the style of Sicilian School to the Tuscan School. He was one of the most prolific Italian authors before Dante: at least 122 sonnets and sixty-one "canzoni" by Chiaro are known, many of them in "tenzone" with other poets. Only Guittone d'Arezzo produced more lyrics in the thirteenth century. 
The Davanzati were an elite family in Florence. Chiaro participated in the Battle of Montaperti in 1260. There is some disagreement as to which of two known Chiaro Davanzatis of Florence might be the poet. One, "Chiarus f. Davanzati pp. scte Marie Sopr' Arno", of Santa Maria sopr' Arno, was dead by 1280. Another, "Clarus F. Davanzati Banbakai", was a Guelph of San Frediano. He served as captain of Or San Michele in 1294 and died between August 1303 and the spring of 1304. Both Chiaros were married and had children. The poet could not have been dead by 1280, for he composed a "tenzone" that can be dated to 1283. 
Most of Chiaro's work is preserved in the chansonnier Vaticano latino 3793. Topically his poetry is in the Sicilian and Occitan traditions. The chief poets whose influence can be detected are the troubadour Rigaut de Berbezilh and of the Sicilians Giacomo da Lentini, Guido delle Colonne, and Stefano Protonotaro. His style is light and easy ("trobar leu"), and rich in simile. His use of simile, much of it drawn from the Occitan troubadours and medieval bestiaries, has been criticised as dry, unpoetic, and overused. In the fourteenth century his reputation declined considerably, as his method of elaborating old lyrics fell out of favour. One of his images, however, that of a child at a mirror ("come 'l fantin ca ne lo speglio smira"), was used even in the Renaissance. Kenneth McKenzie describes Chiaro's "style" as developing over time and containing widely divergent elements under opposing influences:
. . . at one period of his activity Chiaro decked his verse in plumes borrowed from the Provençal and Sicilian poets and from Guittone d'Arezzo; but there is great variety in his work; we find political poems, realistic poems in popular style, attempts at philosophy, and finally indications of the influence of Guinizelli and the "dolce stil novo".
Though Chiaro has been placed with the "guittoniani", followers of Guittone d'Arezzo, before, only in the "canzone" "Valer voria s'io mai fui validore" does Chiaro address Guittone directly. When deviating from the "trobar leu" into more difficult and complex construction he is usually conversing with "guittoniani", such as Pallamidesse Bellindoti or Rinuccino, with Monte Andrea, his most common correspondent, or with Finfo del Buono. Chiaro had a correspondence with "Dante" according to the manuscripts, but this is regarded now as probably Dante da Maiano, in 1283. 
In "Di penne di paone" ("Of the peacock's feathers") Chiaro accused Bonagiunta Orbicciani of plagiarising Giacomo da Lentini. In 1267 Chario composed "Ahi dolze e gaia terra fiorentina" to reprimand his fellow Florentines on the occasion of their surrendering of power to Charles I of Sicily, whom they made "podestà" while the Ghibellines were sent into exile.

</doc>
<doc id="19211151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211151" title="Peter Dempsey">
Peter Dempsey

Peter Samuel Dempsey (born 31 March 1986) is an Irish racing driver from Ashbourne, County Meath.
Dempsey began his pro career in Formula BMW UK in 2004, finishing 22nd. In 2005 he finished second in the Formula Ford Walter Hayes Trophy race and won the BRDC Golden Helmet. In 2006 he finished third in Formula Ford UK and won the Walter Hayes Trophy. In 2007 he won both the Golden Helmet and Walter Hayes Trophy. 2008 saw Dempsey move to the United States to race in Star Mazda for Andersen Racing where he won four races and finished third in points. He also made two starts in the F2000 Championship Series. In 2009 he finished second in Star Mazda for AIM Autosport. He had no full-time drive in 2010 but participated in one American Le Mans Series race (the 2010 Petit Le Mans) and a number of high-profile Formula Ford races in the UK.
Dempsey signed on race in the Firestone Indy Lights series for O2 Racing Technology in 2011. The team left the series amid controversy at the Milwaukee Mile race and missed one race weekend before signing on with Andretti Autosport to continue the season.
He signed on to return to Indy Lights to race in the 2012 Freedom 100 and the remainder of the 2012 Indy Lights season with Younessi Racing. However, the team left the series after the Detroit race. He was later in the season picked up by Belardi Auto Racing for the last five races of the season and captured three top-5 finishes in those races. He finished 11th in points, ultimately competing in 7 of the 12 races. He returns to Belardi in 2013 for a full season in Indy Lights.
Peter Dempsey captured his first Indy Lights win in the 2013 Freedom 100 in the closest finish in Indianapolis Motor Speedway history (0.0026 secs) in a four-wide finish.

</doc>
<doc id="19211192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211192" title="Valentina Serova (composer)">
Valentina Serova (composer)

Valentina Semyonova Serova (maiden name Bergman) (1846 – June 1924) was a Russian composer of German-Jewish descent. 
She studied briefly at the St. Petersburg Conservatory, but left due to a conflict with Anton Rubinstein. She began to study with Alexander Serov, who at that time was only known for his writings. The two fell in love, and Serov proposed shortly after his first big success, the opera "Judith". They married in 1863 and in 1865 their son Valentin Serov was born. Valentin would grow up to become a famous painter, renowned for his portraits. Alexander Serov died in 1871 of a heart attack and Valentina completed the last act of his third opera, "The Power of the Fiend". She used his sketches and her memory of what Alexander had played to her to finish the work. Composer N.F. Solovyov helped her with some of the instrumentation and editing. The opera was premiered in 1875.
The experience of finishing her husband's opera inspired Serova to compose her own operas. Her first opera, "Uriel Acosta", premiered in 1885 at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow. She had shown the score to Tchaikovsky earlier that year, and he had pointed out a number of faults. Valentina asked him if he would give her some lessons in harmony, but he recommended she seek out the guidance of Anton Arensky instead. Her second opera, "Maria d'Orval", was never performed and is considered lost. Her third opera, "Il'ya Muromets", was successfully staged in Moscow with Feodor Chaliapin in the title role in 1899. Serova's fourth and last opera has not been preserved and even the title is now unknown. She died in Moscow in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19211243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211243" title="Set the Controls for the Heart of the Bass">
Set the Controls for the Heart of the Bass

Set the Controls for the Heart of the Bass is a 1990 album by Bassomatic. The title and title track are derived from the Pink Floyd song "Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun".

</doc>
<doc id="19211290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211290" title="City-Haus">
City-Haus

City-Haus is a 42-storey skyscraper in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt, Germany. It was constructed from 1971 to 1974 and designed by architects Johannes Krahn and Richard Heil. Today it is part of the headquarters of DZ Bank.
History.
City-Haus is also known under the name Selmi-Hochhaus after the Persian owner Ali Selmi. The project was very controversial. On the night of 23 August 1973, a fire broke out in the upper floors of the building shell fire, which was widely visible throughout the city and attracted many onlookers. The fire was put out until eight hours later, as the Frankfurt Fire Department at that time was not yet equipped for fire fighting in this amount. Many onlookers cheered the fire ("Citizens for Fire"), students should even satirical songs ( "Today, we have to burn the Selmi be small cottages intoned"). Arson was later called, however, unlikely as the cause of the fire, apparently a defective welding was the woodwork of the 40th and 41 Floor set on fire. This fire was the starting point of modern fire protection for buildings in Germany and the start of the career of the chief fire fighter Ernst Achilles.
In 1976, the DG Bank (today: DZ Bank) purchased the tower and set up their headquarters there. In 1985, a seven-storey building called City-Haus II was built on the adjoining property and in 1993 the DZ Bank also moved in the newly built Westend Tower.
Construction.
The building has a reinforced concrete structural frame. It consists of a centrally arranged core group with external dimensions of 17.4 m × 14.2 m and two mutually offset storey wings, each 40 m long and 14.1 m wide. Apart from the core to bear in each tract four columns arranged inside the vertical loads. Rule projectiles have a height of 3.2 m. The floor slabs are T-beam construction. The plate thickness varies between 10 cm and 20 cm, the total construction height of 40 cm and 60 cm. The tower stands on a thick bottom plate up to 4.15 m, with 2000 m² of floor space.
Renovation.
From October 2007 to December 2008, City-Haus was redesigned by Christoph Mäckler fully rehabilitated and was thereby a new facade and an overall brighter appearance. During the conversion time could damage the renter will be minimized because the new facade was suspended during the week from outside the Altfassade and Altfassade was just on the weekends. The new facade of the building, reducing energy consumption by around 35 percent. The cost of the renovation were US$53 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19211291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211291" title="Moonburn">
Moonburn

"Moonburn" is a 1936 American popular song written by Hoagy Carmichael and Edward Heyman. It was introduced by Bing Crosby in the film "Anything Goes" (1936). A definitive jazz recording of the song was made by Crosby on August 17, 1936, with Bobby Sherwood on guitar and Joe Sullivan on piano.

</doc>
<doc id="19211323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211323" title="List of Waheed Murad songs">
List of Waheed Murad songs

Waheed Murad had been picturised in more than 250 Urdu and Punjabi songs including one song sung by Waheed himself in the film "Ishara". Ahmed Rushdi, Mehdi Hassan, Masood Rana, A. Nayyar, Mujeeb Aalam, Asad Amanat Ali Khan, Ghulam Abbas, Rajab Ali, Akhlaq Ahmed, Mehboob Pervaiz, Muneer Hussain, Bashir Ahmad, Shaukat Ali, Amanat Ali Khan, Ghulam Ali, Rafiq Chaudhary and Saleem Raza had sung for Waheed Murad in different films. Among them Ahmed Rushdi became very famous playback singing voice for Waheed Murad. Following is the list of songs picturised on Waheed Murad:
Ahmed Rushdi.
Ahmed Rushdi sung more than 140 solo and duet songs for Waheed in different films, including Waheed's first song "Mujhe tum se mohabbat hai..." (Heera Aur Pathar) and last song "Ban ke misra ghazal ka..." (Hero). Rushdi's voice played a significant role in Waheed's success.
Mehdi Hassan.
Mehdi Hassan sung 68 solo and duet songs for Waheed in different films. Songs like "Yeh kagazi phool jaisay chehray..." (Devar Bhabi), "Mujhe tum nazar se gira to rahey ho..." (Doraha), "Khamosh hein nazaray..." (Bandagi), "Mohabbat zindagi hai..." (Tum salamat raho), "Bewafa kon hai..." (Shabana) and "Baant raha tha jab khuda..." (Nazrana) became very popular.
Masood Rana.
Masood Rana, the third most popular playback singer for Waheed, sung 25 songs for him in different films. "Jhoom aey dil woh mera jaan-e-bahar..." (Dil Mera Dharkan Teri), "Fasana-e-dil hai mukhtasar sa..." (Tum hi ho mehboob mere), "Mera mehboob aagaya..." (Neend hamarey khuwab tumharey), "Naraz na ho to arz karun..." (Neend hamarey khuwab tumharey) and "Mere dil ki hai awaz..." (Baharo Phool Barsao) became very popular.
A. Nayyar.
A. Nayyar sung 15 solo and duet songs for Waheed in different films. "Ik baat kahun dildara..." (Khuda aur mohabbat) and "I love you" (I love you) became very popular.
Waheed Murad.
Waheed had also sung a song "Jaisay taisay beet gaya din..." for his film "Ishara".

</doc>
<doc id="19211330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211330" title="HMS Vivid">
HMS Vivid

Five ships, One submarine and Six shore establishments of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Vivid":

</doc>
<doc id="19211337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211337" title="Lakemba state by-election, 2008">
Lakemba state by-election, 2008

A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly seat of Lakemba on 18 October 2008 after former Premier Morris Iemma resigned as member for Lakemba. It coincided with the Cabramatta, Port Macquarie and Ryde by-elections.
The seat was retained by the Labor Party at the by-election.
Results.
§ The combined Christian Democrats vote was 4.48 percent, an increase of 0.51 percentage points.

</doc>
<doc id="19211406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211406" title="Ken Naganuma">
Ken Naganuma


</doc>
<doc id="19211418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211418" title="Don Torrieri">
Don Torrieri

Don J. Torrieri is an author and researcher in the area of spread-spectrum communications. He is currently a research engineer and Fellow of the US Army Research Laboratory. He also teaches graduate courses at The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland, where he has taught many short courses. His primary research interests are communication systems, adaptive arrays, and signal processing.
His previous employment includes work on electronic systems at the Naval Research Laboratory. Since 1977, he has been employed by the U.S. Army, starting with the Army Countermeasures/Counter-Countermeasures Center.
Don J. Torrieri received the B.S. degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, the MS. degree from the Polytechnic Institute of New York University, Farmingdale, and the Ph.D. degree in electrophysics from the University of Maryland, College Park.
Awards.
Dr. Torrieri is a Senior Member of the IEEE. His awards include the Best Paper Award of the 1991 IEEE Military Communications Conference. He received the Military Communications Conference achievement award for sustained contributions to the field in 2004.
Books.
Dr. Torrieri is the author of several books including "Principles of Secure Communication Systems" (Norwood, MA: Artech House, 1992, 2nd
ed.; 1985, 1st ed.), "Principies of Military Systems" (Artech House, 1981), and "Principles of Spread-Spectrum Communication Systems" (Springer, 2005). He is also the author of over 40 IEEE journal articles and many more conference papers, technical reports, and classified reports.

</doc>
<doc id="19211439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211439" title="DWWG">
DWWG

DWWG, broadcasting as 101.5 Big Sound FM, is a music FM radio station owned and operated by Vanguard Radio Network in the Philippines. The station's studio is located in Cabanatuan. It is the first FM Station in Cabanatuan City.

</doc>
<doc id="19211440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211440" title="Lord Hill Regional Park">
Lord Hill Regional Park

Lord Hill Regional Park is a regional country park located in Snohomish County, Washington. The park features miles of wilderness trails for horse back riding and mountain biking, as well as hiking. The park grounds cover of wilderness forest. Small ponds and wetlands are located within the park site. A large population of animals, birds, and fish inhabit the park. 
The park sits on a ridge that running parallel to the Snohomish River. The ridge, which reaches as high as , consists of vertical basalt outcroppings that rise from the river floor. Settlers started to come in when Mitchell Lord purchased on the hill in 1878 and started dairying on his 130 farm in 1884. His home still remains in the park site. By the mid-1930s, the area attracted the logging industry, and all the old-growth was cut down. In the 1980s, some second-growth timber was taken by the Department of Natural Resources. At present, the park is under the management of Snohomish County Parks and Recreation Department but maintained by a group of volunteers, for the department lacks the resources to staff the park full-time. 
Access.
From Seattle, drive north on SR 522 to the Old Snohomish-Monroe Hwy; follow the road west toward Snohomish; turn left on to 127th Ave. SE; drive south approximately ; turn left on to 150th St SE and proceed to the park entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="19211448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211448" title="Lopp">
Lopp

Lopp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19211453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211453" title="Tachikawa Airfield">
Tachikawa Airfield

Operations.
Currently the Ground Self-Defense Force's Camp Tachikawa occupies the western portion of the airfield. The main unit there is the GSDF Eastern Army Aviation Group. It operates helicopters, and also commands the anti-tank helicopter units at Camp Kisarazu. Equipment at Tachikawa includes the UH-1H/J Iroquois.
The Tachikawa Disaster-Preparedness Base sits on of land. In addition to the airfield, it includes emergency medical-treatment facilities and stores of emergency supplies. Agencies with a presence at Tachikawa include the Cabinet Office, Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, Japan Coast Guard, Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, Tokyo Metropolitan Government, Tokyo Metropolitan Police and Fire departments, National Hospital Organization (an Independent Administrative Institution), and Red Cross.
Also in Tachikawa are Camp Higashi-Tachikawa of the Ground Self-Defense Force and the Tachikawa Depot of the Air Self-Defense Force.
The alternate center for Japan's national government is located on a portion of what used to be Tachikawa Air Base. The center includes billeting, offices, communications and control centers,hospital and a full cafeteria. The center is for the national government to use if forced to relocate or as a command center to direct a response to a significant national disaster or emergency.
Japan's National Emergency Response Center is located in a complex of underground bunkers and tunnels that were developed for the Japanese military for use during World War II to hide and protect airplanes from the US bombings. These tunnels were taken over by the US Military and used for storage while the base was in operation from 1945 to 1977, when the base was given back to the Japanese Government as well as the disposition of the bunker complex. The underground complex is located under what was the Tachikawa Air Base housing section, this area is still restricted to the Japanese public for any kind of business/building or farming as of 2009. From November 1977 to present day the tunnel and bunker system have been enlarged to accommodate up to 5,000 people and to sustain them for a period of one year if necessary.
History.
Origins.
Tachikawa Airfield's origins begin on 14 March 1922 when a flying squadron of Maurice Farman aircraft, one balloon squadron and a material depot unit moved to Tachikawa from Tokorozawa, Saitama Prefecture. This small group was commanded by a Colonel Arikawa, Engineering Corps and the flying squadron commander was a Captain Torkugawa.
Civil aviation from the airfield commenced in 1929 with the inauguration of the scheduled commercial service to Osaka. Japan's first scheduled air service linked Tokyo and Osaka with a three-hour flight. The operations continued until 1933, when it transferred to Tokyo Airfield, now Tokyo International Airport at Haneda.
Tachikawa's next component was formed in November 1933 when the moved to the airfield. Six years later it was renamed the Tachikawa Aircraft Company Ltd. In addition, Hitachi, and Showa Aircraft Industry built plants in the vicinity.
With the departure of the civil aviation in 1933, Tachikawa returned to being an Army airfield. Its warplanes were transferred to a base in Kashiwa in the northwestern corner of Chiba Prefecture in 1939.
In 1937, two pilots, Masaaki Iinuma and Kenji Tsukagoshi departed Tachikawa with a Mitsubishi Ki-15, heading for London. Their mission was to congratulate King George VI on his coronation. The aircraft was named the "Kamikaze".
During the late 1930s and throughout World War II, Tachikawa Aircraft employed growing numbers of workers, it produced more than 6,000 aircraft. It produced fighters, troop carriers, and bombers. Prototypes were designed and developed at the manufacturing plant. The Imperial Japanese Army built technical schools at Tachikawa, one of which was the Tokorozawa Army Aviation Maintenance School, established in 1935. The school was moved to Tachikawa in April 1939 when the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force Fifth Air Wing moved to the airfield. Cross-trainees, college graduates and Air Academy graduated went to this school to become aviation technical maintenance officers. It also co-existed with the Fourth Aviation Training Unit which provided basic training for Japanese Army Air Force flyers.
Near the end of World War II, Tachikawa was subjected to intense bombing by United States Army Air Forces XXI Bomber Command 29th Bombardment Group B-29 Superfortresses during April and June 1945. The Shintentai, an anti-aircraft kamikaze group, defended the airfield and its manufacturing facilities, however most of the airfield was rendered unserviceable by the bombing raids, along with most of the structures and support facilities of the airfield by the time the first United States Army forces moved in on 5 September 1945.
United States military use.
Postwar era.
After the war, the United States occupied the base, with the airfield being a shambles. Given its proximity to Tokyo, Tachikawa Airfield was designated as a transport base, with a mission to provide transportation for priority passengers and cargo in and around the Tokyo Area; to support the Occupation Government in Japan, and provide strategic transport to the United States.
Air Transport Command (ATC) was given the assignment to get the airfield cleaned up and operational. ATC established the 1503d Army Air Force Base Unit (AAFBU) to manage the cargo and personnel operations at the airfield, and by 1 January 1946 the base was ready enough to permit C-47 Skytrain and C-46 Commando aircraft to operate from the base. Larger C-54 Skymasters began using the base by April 1946, and a day/night lighting system was installed and in operation by November 1946.
In 1947, Air Transport Command began to support the Seventh Air Force Service Command Japan Air Material Area (JAMA) at Tachikawa, which eventually became the major tenant unit at the base, and by 1948 was providing depot-level maintenance for aircraft in Far East Air Force and logistical support from Air Materiel Command. In July 1949, JAMA was redesignated Far East Air Material Command (FEAMCOM)
The western sector became Tachikawa Air Base, while FEAMCOM took the eastern part. They became a single base again in 1956. With the inactvation of Air Transport Command in 1948, Military Air Transport Service redesignated the 1503d AAFBU the 540th Air Transport Wing, later 1503d Air Transport Wing. The wing became the host organization at Tachikawa Air Base upon activation.
The 1503d ATW became the main MATS organization in the Western Pacific, supporting numerous tenant organizations such as the Air Rescue Service; Air Weather Service, and Far East Air Force theater Troop Carrier Groups (later Wings) which transshipped supplies and personnel from the MATS Aerial Port at Tachikawa throughout the 1950s. The first major mission by the 1503d was the evacuation of large numbers of Americans out of China in 1948 after the Communists defeated the Chinese Nationalist forces during the Chinese Civil War.
In addition to the MATS operations, Far East Air Force operated numerous Troop Carrier units from Tachikawa, providing theater airlift within the command flying C-46 and C-47 transports during the late 1940s under the 6000th Support Wing.
Korean War.
The Korean War saw operations increase, with Troop Carrier units carrying out the evacuation of American civilians and then transporting the torrent of Allied military men and material flowing into the war zone. Around the clock planes arrived and departed. A typical flight might carry 35,000 pounds of hand grenades to South Korea, with 80 wounded personnel arriving to be transported to the USAF Hospital on the base. For thousands of servicemen whose tours took them into, through or out of Tachikawa, the USAF hospital became the best barometer of American military activities in the Far East.
Cold War.
After the Korean War, the Far East Air Force 6100th SW became the host unit at Tachikawa in 1953, with MATS and Air Materiel Command becoming tenant organizations. MATS flights arrived and departed 24 hours a day operating C-118, C-121, C-124 and C-133 from Hickam Field, Hawaii or being staged through Alaska. From Tachikawa, outbound MATS flights headed to Clark Air Base heading to Saigon, Bangkok, and on to Karachi Airport, Pakistan or to Guam, Wake or Midway Island in the Central Pacific Region.
Disaster struck Tachikawa on June 18, 1953 when a U.S. Air Force Douglas C-124 Globemaster II transport experienced an engine failure after takeoff and crashed into a field near the base. The accident claimed the lives of 129 people, and was the deadliest air disaster in history at the time.
With a runway only long, Tachikawa was not adequate for the largest aircraft, and the U.S. decided to extend the runway into the neighboring town of Sunagawa (now part of the city of Tachikawa). The July 8, 1957, Sunagawa Riots resulted in cancellation of the plan.
As United States military forces began to increase in Indochina, more and more equipment moved into first Tan Son Nhut Air Base in South Vietnam, then to Don Muang Royal Thai Air Force Base, near Bangkok, and in early 1965 to the huge new Cam Ranh Air Base with the jet C-141 Starlifter transports.
In 1964, operations from Tachikawa began to phase down as its location in the urban area of Tokyo made heavy transport operations undesirable. In addition, Tachikawa's short runway made jet transport operations difficult. As a result, the Air Force chose to develop nearby Tama Airfield (the present-day Yokota Air Base) with more and more heavy transport operations going there.
The 1503d was reduced to Group Level, and operations at Tachikawa focused more on Aeromedical Transport operations from the Philippines, and supporting MATS units at deployed locations in the Pacific. C-130E troop carrier units from Pacific Air Forces continued to operate from the airfield. With the inactivation of the Military Air Transport Service in 1966, the aerial port facilities were turned over to the Pacific Air Forces 6100th Support Wing (formerly 6000th), which had taken over base support duties from the 1503d ATW in 1953. Military Airlift Command operations were reassigned to Yokota Air Base.
In the late 1960s, more and more transport operations were shifted to Yokota, and by 1969 the use of the airfield ended with the exception of light aircraft use. On 3 October 1969, Fifth Air Force announced that the flight activity at Tachikawa would be halted until the end of the year. During the 1970s Tachikawa's mission changed to being a support base, primarily USAF military housing for Tokyo and the large USAF hospital remained.
On 23 January 1973, the Kanto Plain Consolidation Plan (KPCP) was endorsed by the 14th U.S.-Japan Security Consultative Committee, both the U.S. and Japanese Government agreed to return of Tachikawa Air Base. KPCP was a primary Fifth Air Force program which consolidates major USAF activities at five facilities in the Kanto Plain (Tachikawa, Fuchu Air Station, South Camp Drake, Kanto-Mura Dependent Housing Area, and Johnson Housing Annex) into Yokota Air Base. Following the completion of the USFJ Facilities and Areas Adjustment Program (1968 to 1971), the plan was developed through the U.S.-Japan Joint Committee and its Facilities Subcommittee. As the first implementation of the KPCP, Yamato Air Station (Tachikawa AB school annex and unaccompanied personnel dormitory area) was returned to the Japanese Government on 30 June 1973.
After the end of the Vietnam War in 1975, plans were made to close Tachikawa for budgetary reasons. The base was officially closed on 30 September 1977 (Special Order GA-45, Headquarters, Pacific Air Forces, 27 September 1977); on 30 November 1977, Tachikawa Air Base was formally returned to the Japanese government.
Japanese use.
The Japanese government put the land to a variety of uses. The Japan Ground Self-Defense Force established a base there, as did the Japan Coast Guard, the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department and the Tokyo Fire Department. Consolidation resulted in the establishment of the Tachikawa Disaster-Preparedness Base. Part of the land has been redeveloped as Fare Tachikawa. The central part of Tachikawa Airfield is now Showa Memorial Park, a spacious facility named in memory of Hirohito, known posthumously as Emperor Shōwa. It opened in 1983.
Source.
This article incorporates material translated from 立川飛行場 ("Tachikawa Hikōjō") in the Japanese Wikipedia, retrieved on September 7, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19211461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211461" title="Takeshi Terada">
Takeshi Terada

Takeshi Terada (born March 21, 1980 in Ibaraki) is a Japanese football player has played for Japanese club Thespa Kusatsu.

</doc>
<doc id="19211480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211480" title="Kei Omoto">
Kei Omoto

Kei Omoto (尾本 敬, born July 21, 1984 in Chiba) is a Japanese football player.
Club career statistics.
Last update: 31 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="19211481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211481" title="Primavera in anticipo">
Primavera in anticipo

Primavera in anticipo and Primavera anticipada (English: "Early Spring") are the Italian language and the Spanish-language versions of the tenth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Laura Pausini, released by Warner Music on 11 November 2008.
Produced by Pausini with Paolo Carta, Celso Valli and Dado Parisini, the album has been described by Pausini as "a complex album, in which I can completely recognize myself".
It is Pausini's first album of new material since "Resta in ascolto" / "Escucha", released in 2004. The album was described by music critics as Pausini's most personal album to date. Pausini co-wrote each song included in the album, except the track "Prima che esci" / "Antes de irte", written by Italian rock singer-songwriter Gianluca Grignani. 
The album features the song "Primavera in anticipo (It Is My Song)" / "Primavera anticipada (It Is My Song)", a duet with English singer James Blunt, and also includes collaborations with Italian songwriters Niccolò Agliardi, Cheope and Daniel Vuletic.
The album debuted at number one on the Italian Albums Chart and held the top spot for nine consecutive weeks, It was later certified Diamond by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry. The album has sold 500,000 copies in Italy and 1,500,000 copies worldwide.
Its Spanish-language version also won Best Female Pop Vocal Album at the Latin Grammy Awards of 2009.
The album was anticipated by the single "Invece no" / "En cambio no", released on 24 October 2008. The song was also translated in Portuguese with the title "Agora não" and included in the Brazilian and Portuguese version of the album. It also spawned the singles "Primavera in anticipo (It Is My Song)" / "Primavera anticipada (It Is My Song)" and "Un fatto ovvio" / "Un hecho obvio".
Background, conception and themes.
Pausini started working on the album in late 2007, and spent most of 2008 writing and recording it between Italy, London and Los Angeles.
The album was inspired by the events in Pausini's life between 2004 and 2008. In an interview Pausini explained that those years were marked by different kinds of feelings, therefore the album represents four different moments, symbolized by the four astronomical seasons. 
For that reason, "Primavera in anticipo" was described by Italian music critics as Pausini's most personal and mature recording, exploring themes such as self-love, the relationship with her new partner and guitarist Paolo Carta, and grief for her grandmother's death.
Particularly, Pausini dedicated to her grandmother the lead single from the album "Invece no" / "En cambio no", a song focused on the pain of those who weren't able to confess everything to a loved person who died:
Among all the song I wrote and sang during my career, this is the one which scares me the most, but it also makes me calm more than every other one. It was composed at the piano, and I wrote the music with Paolo Carta. The lyrics, written by me and Niccolò Agliardi, were inspired by my grandmother's dead. She was a fundamental figure in my life. I thought about the pain that a lot of people felt because they weren't able to tell each other everything they wanted. I care a lot about this reflection.
Pausini later added:
It came from my desire to tell people to not be afraid to speak up. I've lived the pain of a goodbye and of realizing you haven't said all you needed to say. Fortunately, when my grandmother died, I had told her everything.
The track "La geografia del mio cammino" / "La geografía de mi camino" cites Pausini's first single, "La solitudine" / "La soledad", "Loneliness" in English, describing solitude as a goal to be reached and not as an unease. The song is about Pausini's will to look inside herself and not to lose self-confidence even in the darkest moments.
The only song in the album which is not focued on personal feelings is "Sorella terra" / "Hermana tierra", a prayer dedicated to Earth and inspired by Al Gore's environmental activist movement.
Reception.
Critical reception.
The album received positive reviews by various music critics. "Allmusic"'s Jason Birchmeier praised Pausini's voice and songwriting and claimed that the album showcases "a more personalized cycle of songs", but also noted a stylistic similarity with her 2004's "Escucha", resulting in a "sense of frustration for anyone hoping for a change in direction".
Antonio Orlando, writing for the Italian music magazine "Musica e dischi", stated that the album is completely coherent with her style and commented that, even if lyrics aren't grammatically perfect, it is "an unexceptionable album in every detail".
Italian newspaper "La Stampa" gave the album a positive review too, in which Pausini is praised for the intensity of her renditions and is claimed that she is "more comfortable in songwriting" and that she manages "one of the most personal voices in the worldwide pop scene".
Chart performance.
The album debuted at number one on the Italian Albums Chart and stayed atop the chart for 9 consecutive weeks.
The album has sold over 500,000 copies in Italy and has been certified 7-times Platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry. 
In Switzerland "Primavera in anticipo" debuted and peaked at number four on the Swiss Albums Chart and was later certified Platinum by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry of Switzerland.
Both the Italian and Spanish versions of the album were released in three Latin American countries, including Mexico, where the Italian version peaked at number 67, while the Spanish version of the album debuted and peaked at number 8, spent 21 weeks on the Top 100 and was certified Gold by the Asociación Mexicana de Productores de Fonogramas y Videogramas.
Promotion.
To promote the album, Pausini embarked on her "World Tour 2009", a concert tour which srtarted from Turin on 5 March 2009, reached Europe in May 2009 and then South America and the United States in Autumn 2009. The last leg of the tour took place in Italy in November 2009. 
A CD of the tour, along with a DVD, was released on 27 November 2009 with the title "Laura Live World Tour 09" / "Laura Live Gira Mundial 09".
Personnel.
Credits adapted from "Primavera in anticipo"'s linear notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19211527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211527" title="Wataru Yamazaki">
Wataru Yamazaki

Wataru Yamazaki (born September 18, 1980 in Saitama) is a Japanese footballer who has played for Japanese club Thespa Kusatsu.

</doc>
<doc id="19211607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211607" title="Dureji Tehsil">
Dureji Tehsil

Dureji is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Lasbela District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. The tehsil is administratively subdivided into two Union Councils and is headquartered at the town of Dureji.

</doc>
<doc id="19211674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211674" title="Jamie Briggs">
Jamie Briggs

Jamie Edward Briggs (born 9 June 1977) is an Australian politician. He has been the Liberal Party of Australia member for the Division of Mayo since the 2008 Mayo by-election. Briggs has been the Assistant Minister for Infrastructure and Regional Development in the Abbott Government since 18 September 2013.
Background.
Jamie Briggs grew up in the River Murray town of Mildura, where his father was a local bank teller and his mother volunteered in the canteen at the Sacred Heart Catholic primary school. He attended St Joseph's college where he excelled in cricket before moving to Adelaide to pursue his dreams of playing for Australia. At 22, Briggs worked for Business SA, assisting South Australian businesses in managing their workplaces. It was around this time that he joined the Liberal Party. In 2001, he started working for the then South Australian Treasurer, Rob Lucas before moving to Canberra in 2003 to work for a Minister in the Howard Government. Following the 2004 election, he was moved to Prime Minister John Howard's office as an adviser, and in early 2006, he was appointed to a senior adviser role.
Political career.
Briggs was pre-selected as the Liberal candidate for the 2008 Mayo by-election to replace former Liberal leader and minister Alexander Downer. He won the seat, but with a significant swing against the Liberals compared to the 2007 federal election. However, Briggs received a strong result in the 2010 federal election, receiving 57.35% of the two party preferred vote.
After the 2010 federal election, Briggs was given the position of Chairman of the Coalition’s Scrutiny of Government Committee as part of the Tony Abbott led opposition. In September 2012, Briggs was appointed to the Opposition frontbench as the Shadow Parliamentary Secretary for Supporting Families. As part of his role as the Chairman of the Coalition's Scrutiny of Government Committee, Briggs ghosted "The Little Book of Big Labor Waste" alongside the Leader of the Opposition, Tony Abbott, and the Shadow Treasurer, Joe Hockey on 13 May 2013. Briggs has also pursued the Gillard Government over a Freedom of Information decision to refuse access to The Greens policy costings.

</doc>
<doc id="19211751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211751" title="Brian Hooker (poet)">
Brian Hooker (poet)

William Brian Hooker (November 2, 1880, New York City – December 28, 1946, New London, Connecticut) was an American poet, educator, lyricist, and librettist. He was born to Elizabeth Work and William Augustus Hooker who was a mining engineer for the New York firm of Hooker and Lawrence. His family was well known in Hartford, Connecticut having descended from Thomas Hooker, a prominent Puritan religious and colonial leader who founded the Colony of Connecticut.
Hooker attended Yale College in the class of 1902, where he was a writer, editor and business manager for campus humor magazine "The Yale Record". 
He was an editor of the "Yale Record" collection "Yale Fun" (1901).
Works.
Hooker's poetry was published in "The Century Magazine", "The Forum", "Hampton's Magazine", "Harper's Magazine", "McClure's Magazine", "Scribner's Magazine", "Smart Set", and the "Yale Review".
Hooker co-wrote the libretto and lyrics for Rudolf Friml's 1925 operetta "The Vagabond King", and is noted for his 1923 English translation of Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Bergerac", especially prepared for actor Walter Hampden. The translation, written in blank verse rather than the Alexandrines of the original play, was highly acclaimed as being one of the finest translations of a play in verse into English, and for many years, until Anthony Burgess' translation was published, was virtually the only English rendition of the play used. An unusual aspect of Hooker's translation is that it never uses the word "panache" at all, perhaps because Hooker realized that its double meaning in the play's final scene is untranslatable into English – the word means "plume" in French in addition to its usual definition, which is, roughly, "bravery" or "daring".
José Ferrer played Cyrano in a highly acclaimed 1946 Broadway version of the play which used this translation, winning a Tony Award for his performance. At the same time, Ralph Richardson was also appearing as Cyrano in a London production of the play, again using this translation. Ferrer then won an Oscar as Best Actor for the 1950 film adaptation, which used the same translation.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="19211790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211790" title="Multiplicity (mathematics)">
Multiplicity (mathematics)

In mathematics, the multiplicity of a member of a multiset is the number of times it appears in the multiset. For example, the number of times a given polynomial equation has a root at a given point.
The notion of multiplicity is important to be able to count correctly without specifying exceptions (for example, "double roots" counted twice). Hence the expression, "counted with multiplicity".
If multiplicity is ignored, this may be emphasized by counting the number of distinct elements, as in "the number of distinct roots". However, whenever a set (as opposed to multiset) is formed, multiplicity is automatically ignored, without requiring use of the term "distinct".
Multiplicity of a prime factor.
In the prime factorization, for example,
the multiplicity of the prime factor 2 is 2, while the multiplicity of each of the prime factors 3 and 5 is 1. Thus, 60 has 4 prime factors, but only 3 distinct prime factors.
Multiplicity of a root of a polynomial.
Let "F" be a field and "p"("x") be a polynomial in one variable and coefficients in "F". An element "a" ∈ "F" is called a root of multiplicity "k" of "p"("x") if there is a polynomial "s"("x") such that "s"("a") ≠ 0 and "p"("x") = ("x" − "a")"k""s"("x"). If "k" = 1, then "a" is called a "simple root". 
For instance, the polynomial "p"("x") = "x"3 + 2"x"2 − 7"x" + 4 has 1 and −4 as roots, and can be written as "p"("x") = ("x" + 4)("x" − 1)2. This means that 1 is a root of multiplicity 2, and −4 is a 'simple' root (of multiplicity 1). Multiplicity can be thought of as "How many times does the solution appear in the original equation?".
The discriminant of a polynomial is zero only if the polynomial has a multiple root.
Behavior of a polynomial function near a root in relation to its multiplicity.
Let "f"("x") be a polynomial function. Then, if "f" is graphed on a Cartesian coordinate system, its graph will cross the "x"-axis at real zeros of odd multiplicity and will bounce off (not go through) the "x"-axis at real zeros of even multiplicity. In addition, if "f"("x") has a zero with a multiplicity greater than 1, the graph will be tangent to the "x"-axis, in other words it will have slope 0 there.
In general, a polynomial with an "n"-fold root will have a derivative with an ("n"−1)-fold root at that point.
Intersection multiplicity.
In algebraic geometry, the intersection of two sub-varieties of an algebraic variety is a finite union of irreducible varieties. To each component of such an intersection is attached an intersection multiplicity. This notion is local in the sense that it may be defined by looking what occurs in a neighborhood of any generic point of this component. It follows that without loss of generality, we may consider, for defining the intersection multiplicity, the intersection of two affines varieties (sub-varieties of an affine space). 
Thus, given two affine varieties "V"1 and "V"2, let us consider an irreducible component "W" of the intersection of "V"1 and "V"2. Let "d" be the dimension of "W", and "P" be any generic point of "W". The intersection of "W" with "d" hyperplanes in general position passing through "P" has an irreducible component that is reduced to the single point "P". Therefore, the local ring at this component of the coordinate ring of the intersection has only one prime ideal, and is therefore an Artinian ring. This ring is thus a finite dimensional vector space over the ground field. Its dimension is the intersection multiplicity of "V"1 and "V"2 at "W". 
This definition allows to state precisely Bézout's theorem and its generalizations.
This definition generalizes the multiplicity of a root of a polynomial in the following way. The roots of a polynomial "f" are points on the affine line, which are the components of the algebraic set defined by the polynomial. The coordinate ring of this affine set is formula_1 where "K" is an algebraically closed field containing the coefficients of "f". If formula_2 is the factorization of "f", then the local ring of "R" at the prime ideal formula_3 is formula_4 This is a vector space over "K", which has the multiplicity formula_5 of the root as a dimension.
This definition of intersection multiplicity, which is essentially due to Jean-Pierre Serre in his book "Local algebra", works only for the set theoretic components (also called "isolated components") of the intersection, not for the embedded components. Theories have been developed for handling the embedded case (see intersection theory for details).
In complex analysis.
Let "z"0 be a root of a holomorphic function " ƒ ", and let "n" be the least positive integer such that, the "n"th derivative of "ƒ" evaluated at "z"0 differs from zero. Then the power series of "ƒ" about "z"0 begins with the "n"th term, and "ƒ" is said to have a root of multiplicity (or “order”) "n". If "n" = 1, the root is called a simple root (Krantz 1999, p. 70).
We can also define the multiplicity of the zeroes and poles of a meromorphic function thus: If we have a meromorphic function "ƒ" = "g"/"h", take the Taylor expansions of "g" and "h" about a point "z"0, and find the first non-zero term in each (denote the order of the terms "m" and "n" respectively). if "m" = "n", then the point has non-zero value. If "m" > "n", then the point is a zero of multiplicity "m" − "n". If "m" < "n", then the point has a pole of multiplicity "n" − "m".

</doc>
<doc id="19211833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211833" title="Bela Tehsil">
Bela Tehsil

Bela is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Lasbela District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. The tehsil is administratively subdivided into five Union Councils and is headquartered at the town of Bela.

</doc>
<doc id="19211910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211910" title="James Parr (baseball)">
James Parr (baseball)

James R. Parr (born February 27, 1986) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He was drafted in the fourth round, 131st overall pick, out of La Cueva High School in Albuquerque, New Mexico by the Atlanta Braves in the 2004 MLB Draft. 
On September 4, , Parr made his major league debut for the Braves. Parr pitched 6 innings, allowed no runs on 2 hits, and earned his first major league victory in the Braves 2-0 win against the Washington Nationals. 
Atlanta manager Bobby Cox said of his debut, "What a night he had. He's sneaky quick. He doesn't light up the radar gun, but he's got a little looping curve and a changeup. I was impressed. It's a great way to break in." 

</doc>
<doc id="19211941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211941" title="Uthal Tehsil">
Uthal Tehsil

Uthal is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Lasbela District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. The tehsil is administratively subdivided into seven Union Councils and is headquartered at the city of Uthal.

</doc>
<doc id="19211967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19211967" title="Lucy Hanna">
Lucy Hanna

Lucy Hanna is an artist, photographer, and filmmaker based in Seattle, Washington and San Francisco, California.
She is perhaps best known for her photographs of Mia Zapata, a Seattle singer that fronted the punk band The Gits.
Hanna's photographs of Zapata were featured prominently in the 2008 documentary film "The Gits" and were included in the 2003 reissue of the Gits album "Enter: The Conquering Chicken" and in many periodicals including SPIN, CMJ, Seattle Weekly, Dazed & Confused, Rockrgirl, The Seattle Times, and Rolling Stone. As well as being featured in episodes of the television shows 48 Hours and Dateline NBC.
Lucy Hanna moved from Wichita, Kansas to Seattle, Washington in 1989 and photographed the Seattle music scene during the 1990s.
She has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Film and Sculpture and has attended the San Francisco Art Institute (SFAI) studying under artist Tony Labat and filmmaker Jay Rosenblatt.
Hanna also appeared (along with Tad Doyle of the band TAD) in Paul Westerberg's "Dyslexic Heart" music video from the motion picture Singles (1992 film).

</doc>
<doc id="19212013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212013" title="Justyn Pogue">
Justyn Pogue

Justyn Pogue is an artist and musician born in Olympia, Washington.
He has contributed his musical and visual artistic talents to several releases by Phil Elvrum's band The Microphones (now known as Phil Elverum aka Mount Eerie).
Previous to his work with Elvrum, Pogue was in the group The Patron Saints Of Fertility. This band opened for the final show by Elvrum's first group Tugboat in 1996.
Pogue lives in Japan, where he has played bass guitar for several bands including Disdomestic Violence and operates his record label, Song Of Cicada, whose most recent release is a CD by the group Strange Factory [http://www.myspace.com/strangefactory].
Justyn Pogue plays vintage B.C. Rich Warlock and Kramer XL24 bass guitars along with vintage Sunn amplifiers.
He is often credited for his artwork as j.pogue.
Among his artistic resume, Pogue's artwork is featured on Up Records catalog number 64 and the K Records video compilation entitled "Black Eye."
In 2009, Justyn Pogue released an experimental/noise album entitled "Rakutan."

</doc>
<doc id="19212082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212082" title="DZXO">
DZXO

DZXO (1188 kHz Cabanatuan) Radio Vanguard is a music AM station owned and operated by Vanguard Radio Network in the Philippines. The station's studio is located at Diego Bldg., Maharlika Hi-Way, Cabanatuan. It is the first AM Station in Cabanatuan City.

</doc>
<doc id="19212120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212120" title="Arafura Swamp">
Arafura Swamp

The Arafura Swamp is a large inland freshwater wetland in Arnhem Land, in the Top End of the Northern Territory of Australia. It is a near pristine floodplain with an area of 700 km2 that may expand to 1300 km2 by the end of the wet season, making it the largest wooded swamp in the Northern Territory and, possibly, in Australia. It has a strong seasonal variation in depth of water. The area is of great cultural significance to the Yolngu people, in particular the Ramingining community. It was the filming location for the film "Ten Canoes".
Geography and climate.
The Arafura Swamp is a large and irregular floodplain surrounded by a low plateau 60–100 m in height, with prominent scarps to the east and west. The eastern scarp contains the Arafura Jungles site. It is laced with drainage channels and billabongs and forms a major flood-control and sedimentation basin for the Goyder-Glyde river system, with the main inflow coming from the Goyder and Gulbuwangay Rivers in the south, and with discharge northwards through the Glyde River into the Arafura Sea. It has a monsoonal tropical savanna climate with a mean annual rainfall of over 1000 mm, falling mostly from December to April. In dry years much of the swamp lacks free standing water during the dry season. The average annual increase in water depth over the wet season is nearly two metres, with refilling starting in January and reaching its greatest depth in April.
Flora and fauna.
The Arafura Swamp contains 25 distinct plant communities, with over 100 species of grasses, herbs, aquatics, sedges and trees recorded. Most of the swamp is covered by low forest and woodland over grassland, with the dominant tree species being the paperbarks "Melaleuca cajuputi" and "Melaleuca leucadendra".
The swamp is classified as an Important Bird Area. It is a major breeding area for Magpie Geese. Other abundant waterbirds include Wandering Whistling Ducks, Pacific Black Ducks and Green Pygmy Geese. There are breeding colonies of Royal Spoonbills, Little Pied and Little Black Cormorants, and Darters. Land adjacent to the swamp supports one of the largest breeding populations of the Hooded Parrot outside the Katherine area.
Large numbers of fruit bats feed and roost in the extensive paperbark forests. The Threadfin Rainbowfish, once known only from New Guinea and the Cape York Peninsula, has been discovered in the swamp. It is also an important breeding site for Freshwater and Saltwater Crocodiles.
Cultural use.
Aboriginal people from the Ramingining community use the swamp for fishing, hunting and gathering, including harvesting the eggs of geese and crocodiles. The margins of the swamp are used for grazing livestock. The swamp is one of very few tropical wetlands in Australia continuing to be managed by Aboriginal people using traditional land management practices, including formal burning regimes. Traditional use of the swamp was studied by anthropologist Donald Thomson in the 1930s. Much of the 2006 film "Ten Canoes" was filmed on location in the swamp with many of the actors deriving from the local community and speaking in Yolŋu Matha.
Land tenure of the swamp is Aboriginal freehold, held by the Arnhem Land Aboriginal Land Trust. The Arafura wetlands, with their catchment area, are listed on the Register of the National Estate.

</doc>
<doc id="19212293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212293" title="John Laurence Seymour">
John Laurence Seymour

John Laurence Seymour (January 18, 1893 in Los Angeles – February 1, 1986 in San Francisco) was an American composer and playwright. He studied composition with Ildebrando Pizzetti and Felice Boghen in Italy between 1923 and 1928. He also studied with Vincent d'Indy in France. From 1928 to 1936 he served on the faculty at the University of California, Berkeley where he lectured mostly on opera and drama. In 1940 he earned a PhD in English literature from Berkeley; his dissertation, "Drama and Libretto", consisted of four adaptations of two Shakespeare plays. In 1941 he became chairman of the theatre department of Sacramento Junior College where he stayed for more than two decades. From 1969–1985 he was a librarian at Southern Utah College in Cedar City, Utah.
As a composer Seymour is best known for his operas, which have been praised for their complex orchestral textures and italianate lyricism. His fifth opera, "In the Pasha's Garden", received the Bispham Memorial Medal Award. It was first performed on January 24, 1935 at the Metropolitan Opera with Lawrence Tibbett in the title role. In 1977 his tenth opera, "Ollanta, el Jefe Kolla", won prizes in the cultural division of the Bolivarian Games in La Paz. Fluent in multiple languages, Seymour made translations from Russian and French drama and wrote a number of plays.

</doc>
<doc id="19212398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212398" title="Jaroslav Kvapil">
Jaroslav Kvapil

Jaroslav Kvapil (September 25, 1868 in Chudenice – January 10, 1950 in Prague) was a Czech poet, playwright, and librettist. From 1900 he was a director and Dramaturg at the National Theatre in Prague, where he introduced plays by Anton Chekhov, Henrik Ibsen and Maxim Gorky into the repertory. Later he was a director at the Vinohrady Theatre (1921–1928). He wrote six plays, but is today chiefly remembered as the librettist of Antonín Dvořák's "Rusalka".
Kvapil was the principal author of the Manifesto of Czech writers of 1917, signed by over two hundred leading Czechs, favouring the concept of Czech self-government.

</doc>
<doc id="19212411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212411" title="2005 United Kingdom general election result in Greater Manchester">
2005 United Kingdom general election result in Greater Manchester

The following are the collated results of the United Kingdom general election, 2005 in the metropolitan council area of Greater Manchester.
For individual results see the individual constituency results.
Overall results.
The term "Others" include the collated results from thirteen parties gaining fewer than 0.17% across the Greater Manchester area. These parties include Local Community Party, RESPECT - The Unity Coalition, Liberal Party, and Legalise Cannabis Alliance in addition to other parties and numerous independent candidates.
See also.
For other collated results see:

</doc>
<doc id="19212594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212594" title="Personnel Administrator of Massachusetts v. Feeney">
Personnel Administrator of Massachusetts v. Feeney

Personnel Administrator of Massachusetts v. Feeney, 442 U.S. 256 (1979), was a case heard by the Supreme Court of the United States. The Supreme Court's decision upheld the constitutionality of a state law giving hiring preference to veterans over non-veterans. The law was challenged as violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution by a woman, who argued that the law discriminated on the basis of sex because so few women held veteran status.
Background of the case.
A federal district court had struck down the law as unconstitutional based on its discriminatory impact: "The District Court found that the absolute preference afforded by Massachusetts to veterans has a devastating impact upon the employment opportunities of women. Although it found that the goals of the preference were worthy and legitimate and that the legislation had not been enacted for the purpose of discriminating against women, the court reasoned that its exclusionary impact upon women was nonetheless so severe as to require the State to further its goals through a more limited form of preference."
"Upon remand, the District Court... concluded that a veterans' hiring preference is inherently nonneutral because it favors a class from which women have traditionally been excluded..."
The court's decision.
Justice Potter Stewart wrote for the majority, joined by Chief Justice Warren Burger and Justices Byron White, Harry Blackmun, William Rehnquist, and John Paul Stevens. The Court declared the law was constitutional, pointing out the law's gender-neutral language, "legitimate and worthy purposes," and legislative history. Stewart recognized the need for intermediate scrutiny in gender-based discrimination cases: "... any state law overtly or covertly designed to prefer males over females in public employment would require an exceedingly persuasive justification to withstand a constitutional challenge under the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment." He also recognized that "... when a neutral law has a disparate impact upon a group that has historically been the victim of discrimination, an unconstitutional purpose may still be at work."
The Court cited "Arlington Heights v. Metropolitan Housing Corp." to apply a heightened form of review, a two-part test: "When a statute gender-neutral on its face is challenged on the ground that its effects upon women are disproportionably adverse, a twofold inquiry is thus appropriate. The first question is whether the statutory classification is indeed neutral in the sense that it is not gender-based. If the classification itself, covert or overt, is not based upon gender, the second question is whether the adverse effect reflects invidious gender-based discrimination... is 'the condition that offends the Constitution.'"
The Court reversed the District Court after determining that there was no discriminatory purpose at work behind the law: "The appellee... has simply failed to demonstrate that the law in any way reflects a purpose to discriminate on the basis of sex."
Dissent.
Justice Thurgood Marshall dissented, joined by Justice William J. Brennan, Jr.. Marshall saw the law as unconstitutional based on its discriminatory impact: "In the instant case, the impact of the Massachusetts statute on women is undisputed. Any veteran with a passing grade on the civil service exam must be placed ahead of a nonveteran, regardless of their respective scores. The District Court found that, as a practical matter, this preference supplants test results as the determinant of upper level civil service appointments. Because less than 2% of the women in Massachusetts are veterans, the absolute preference formula has rendered desirable state civil service employment an almost exclusively male prerogative." Marshall pointed out the practical result of the preference law: "In practice, this exemption, coupled with the absolute preference for veterans, has created a gender-based civil service hierarchy, with women occupying low-grade clerical and secretarial jobs and men holding more responsible and remunerative positions."
Justice Marshall's dissent called for shifting the burden of proof from the individual to the state: "Where the foreseeable impact of a facially neutral policy is so disproportionate, the burden should rest on the State to establish that sex-based considerations played no part in the choice of the particular legislative scheme."

</doc>
<doc id="19212621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212621" title="Eocheirurus">
Eocheirurus

Eocheiurus is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Cambrian in what is now Russia. It was described by Rozova in 1960, and the type species is "Eocheirurus salairicus". The species epithet is derived from the name of the town, Salair, in which the type locality, the Tolstochikhin Formation, is located.

</doc>
<doc id="19212632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212632" title="Hose strap">
Hose strap

A hose strap (also known as a rope hose tool) is a piece of firefighting equipment. It can be "a short length of rope with an eye loop at one end and a metal hook at the other" or a piece of "flat nylon webbing sewn into a four-foot loop". Such a tool is routinely carried by firefighters in their structural turnout gear as a standard piece of personal equipment. While the variety with a metal hook may be more versatile, the nylon loop weighs less, is less expensive, and can be safely carried in a pocket. The hose strap has been a firefighting tool in common use since at least 1918, and appears as early as 1898 in an inventory list of Seattle, Washington municipal firefighting equipment.
While the terms may be used for a family of similar tools, they share a wide variety of established uses, including carrying un-charged fire hose, opening doors, closing doors, securing hoselines, dragging victims, and even carrying boots. The use that gives the tool its name, however, is securing a charged hoseline, allowing a firefighter to better control and maneuver the line while flowing water. To use a hose strap in that manner, a firefighter secures the tool to the hoseline three to five feet behind the nozzle, using either the hook or a girth hitch, and loops the other end of the tool around his or her opposite side shoulder. Since the tool is attached several feet behind the firefighter, its use will not hinder a firefighter wearing a Self-contained breathing apparatus. For larger attack lines, such as a hand line, second or third firefighters can use additional hose straps to secure the hose farther behind the nozzle operator, to provide additional leverage against the water pressure. Since multiple hose straps will typically be available to a team of firefighters, they can be used in combination to handle a variety of other tasks. For example, if a task requires greater length than that of a single hose strap, two hose straps may be connected via girth hitch.

</doc>
<doc id="19212633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212633" title="HD 221148">
HD 221148

HD 221148 is variable star, variable radial velocity.

</doc>
<doc id="19212640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212640" title="2008 Donington Park Superleague Formula round">
2008 Donington Park Superleague Formula round

The 2008 Donington Park Superleague Formula round was the inaugural round of the Superleague Formula championship, with the races taking place on August 31, 2008. Seventeen football teams were represented on the grid, with a win each for Beijing Guoan and Sevilla FC.
Report.
Qualifying.
The first ever qualifying session for Superleague saw the introduction of a new qualifying system. Following a random draw which split the seventeen-car field into two groups, the fastest four qualifiers from each progressed into the knockout stages to decide places 1 to 8 on the grid. This meant that in Group B, fifth placed Al Ain (Andreas Zuber) and sixth placed Borussia Dortmund (Nelson Philippe) would both miss out on qualifying for the knockout stages, despite recording a time some four tenths of a second faster than fourth-placed Group A qualifier Galatasaray S.K. (Alessandro Pier Guidi). After negotiating their way through the knockout stages, Sevilla FC (Borja García) and Beijing Guoan (Davide Rigon) would meet in the final. In the one-lap shootout, Rigon came out on top by 0.822 seconds and would become Superleague's inaugural pole-sitter.
Race 1.
The race began with a rolling start, to eradicate a potential chink in the 750 bhp car's armour, and would also delay the introduction of pitstops until the next round. From the start, the Olympiacos car of Kasper Andersen got a fantastic run from fourth on the grid, and was alongside Rigon as the grid headed for Redgate. However, he ran wide and fell back to fourth behind García and a fast-starting Yelmer Buurman in the PSV Eindhoven car. This would become fifth by the end of the lap, as Duncan Tappy also got by, in the Tottenham Hotspur machine. The safety car was deployed on lap three, as A.C. Milan and CR Flamengo had both gone off at Coppice with engine failures on the first and third laps respectively. There were further problems down the field with a midfield incident between Philippe and Andy Soucek in the SC Corinthians car and both would later retire from the race. Enrico Toccacelo would also become a factor in the race, having started sixth in the A.S. Roma car, moving up to third which became second, as García had to shift to manual gear-shifting after developing a problem on down-shifts. Toccacelo did get to within a second and a half of Rigon, but the Italian in the Chinese team's car would hold on, to be the first race-winner of the series. Toccacelo finished 2nd, while Tappy just held off Buurman for the final podium spot. Star of the race though, fell to Adrián Vallés. Having missed qualifying due to an electrical problem, the Liverpool F.C. car charged through from 17th on the grid, to finish fifth ahead of the other finishers Zuber, Tristan Gommendy (F.C. Porto), Ryan Dalziel (Rangers F.C.), Max Wissel (FC Basel 1893) and the troubled García. Of the seven retirees, six were down to technical problems.
Race 2.
A storm engulfed the track, before the start of race two. With the reverse grid system in use, A.C. Milan were expected to start on pole, but did not start due to the fuel-system failure that took Robert Doornbos out of the first race. This put Flamengo on the pole, and would give Tuka Rocha an advantage at the start of the race. Rocha sped away into the distance as all hell broke loose behind. Zuber would go off at the Old Hairpin, who would later deploy the safety car and Philippe, who had challenged Rocha at Redgate, spun down to fifth at Coppice, letting Pier Guidi, Wissel and García through. As quickly as the safety car had gone in, it was back out again after Dalziel and latterly Pier Guidi had both gone off at Hollywood and Wissel had run wide at Melbourne in the Basel car. This left García to charge down Rocha at a rate of knots, and with eight laps to go, caught and passed Rocha in the Melbourne Loop and scampered off to a 10.074-second victory over Rocha. The battle for the final podium spot was decided on lap twenty, when Philippe slid sideways and knocked on his pit-lane limiter which allowed Vallés, who started 12th on the grid into third and third in the championship. Tappy, Rigon, Wissel, Buurman, Gommendy, Toccacelo and Andersen completed the finishers as 11 of the 16 starters finished the race. Rigon's first and sixth allowed Beijing Guoan to be seven points clear of Tottenham and Liverpool in the standings.

</doc>
<doc id="19212653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212653" title="Bowstring (hieroglyph)">
Bowstring (hieroglyph)

The ancient Egyptian Bowstring hieroglyph is an Egyptian language hieroglyph associated with the "bow", and its use as a hieroglyph for the "Archer hieroglyph", a symbol for 'army'. Because of the strength required to "string a bow", with a bow string, the bowstring hieroglyph is used to define words of "strength, hardness, durability, etc."
Language usage of bow string.
The hieroglyphic language equivalent of the bowstring is "rwdj", and means "hard, strong, durable".
Rosetta Stone usage.
In the 196 BC Rosetta Stone, the bowstring hieroglyph has the unique usage in the final line, (Rosetta line 14), of the Ptolemy V decree, concerning the writing of the three scripts: the bowstring, as the word hard-(roodj) is used to describe the durability of the stone-stela:
Pharaoh Rudamun's name.
Pharaoh Rudamun of the 23rd Dynasty, 757-54 BC has his name in two cartouches showing the use of the bowstring hieroglyph, (only one uses the bowstring). A white rock crystal vase has two cartouches above the hieroglyphic symbol for union (hieroglyph). One cartouche uses the bowstring hieroglyph and states his name: ""A-mn-Rudj–A-mn-Mer", and is approximately: ""Amun's Strength—Amun's Beloved".

</doc>
<doc id="19212712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212712" title="Kogi State gubernatorial by-election, 2008">
Kogi State gubernatorial by-election, 2008

A by-election was held to elect a new governor of Kogi State on March 29, 2008.
The incumbent, Ibrahim Idris of the PDP, was re-elected to a second term in the 2007 general elections, but later in the year his re-election was nullified by INEC due to a complaint to the Election Petitions Tribunal by Abubakar Audu, a former governor who was excluded by INEC from participating in the 2007 elections. On February 6, 2008, the Court of Appeal upheld this ruling and ordered a new election to be held within three months. President Umaru Yar'Adua ordered the Speaker of the Kogi State Assembly to take over as acting governor.
Idris re-ran for the governorship on the PDP ticket, challenging Abubakar Audu (ANPP), Ramat Momoh (PAC) and Yusuf Obaje (DPP).

</doc>
<doc id="19212822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212822" title="Suzie Templeton">
Suzie Templeton

Suzanah (Suzie) Clare Templeton (born in Hampshire, England 2 August 1967) is an award-winning British animator. Her film "Peter and the Wolf" has won several awards, including the Academy Award for best Short Film (Animated) in 2008.
Early life.
Raised at Highfield in Southampton, she began work as an animator as a child with her older brother. The two children created special effects for her brother's home films. Having only a slight interest in animation as a child, Suzie graduated with a degree in the sciences from University College London. She spent many years travelling the world and doing odd jobs.
However, believing not to be skilled enough in science, she switched to the humanities and began work as an English teacher at an Indian woman's shelter and orphanage in her mid-twenties.
Templeton was given an image of Nick Park's Wallace and Gromit by her mother, which inspired her to begin work with sculpture, models, and puppets for stop motion animation. 
Career.
Templeton began her professional career in animation after attempting enrolment at the Surrey Institute of Art and Design (now known as the University for the Creative Arts in Farnham) at the age of 28. After finishing with a BA in animation there, she moved on to the Royal College of Art. Graduating in 2001. Templeton was attracted to the model making and creative process of stop motion due to the solitary and slow process of the medium. At the RCA, she was able to craft her abilities in three dimensional work and story telling. Not only did she build on her technical abilities, but she also found her own voice and tone in the medium. She began with the impression that she'd work on cartoons (such as Wallace and Gromit) to appeal to commercial interests for jobs and work. However, her films have taken a dark and difficult approach. Animation had become an outlet for her darker emotions, rather than appealing to the masses.
Templeton completed two projects at RCA, her first short film Stanley (1999) and her graduate project Dog (2001) both winning numerous awards. After graduating from RCA, Templeton began work on a modern interpretation of Sergei Prokofiev “Peter and the Wolf”. Templeton was approached by film maker and producer Hugh Welchman and conductor Mark Stephenson asking her to create an animated sequence to be played during a live orchestral performance. Templeton began work on the film alone in her own home. After understanding how large of a piece the film actually was, she moved to a Polish studio. The production of the film took over two hundred people and over five years to complete. The film was released in 2006 and is the winner of multiple awards, including the Academy Award for Best Short Film in 2008. In October 2008 Templeton has joined the roster of animation directors at Tandem Films. Templeton has also mentioned that her next project may be another short film based on Lauren Child's children's book “The Pesky Rat.” She is also currently working on a feature film, however she declines to disclaim any information regarding the subject or producer. She is also writing a feature film.
Awards.
"Stanley" (1999) is the winner of the 2001 Golden Sun Award, the 2000 Best College Student Animation Award of the Nashville Independent Film Festival, the 2000 Best Animation Award for the International Short Film Festival of Berlin, and many others.
"Dog" (2001) is the winner of the 2002 British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) in Short Animation and many others.
"Peter and the Wolf" (2006) is the winner of the 2008 Academy Award for Best Short Film, the 2006 British Animation Award for Best TV Special, the 2007 Pulcinella Ward for Best European Programme, the 2007 Grand Prix and Audience Award Annecy at the French Animation Festival, the 2007 Golden Rose for Performing Arts at the Rose D'or Festival in Switzerland, the 2007 Special Prize at the Ukraine Animated Film Festival, and the 2008 Special Jury Award of the Lucca Animation Festival in Italy.
Personal life.
Templeton has recently moved from London to Amsterdam with her partner. She maintains a private personal life, only addressing issues concerning her projects.
Bibliography.
Faber, Liz. Walters, Helen. Animation Unlimited: Innovative Short Films Since 1940. Laurence King Publishing. London. 6 Jan 2004
Smurthwaite, Nick. “Pack Leader: Suzie Templeton;s Animations.” Design Week Magazine. 10 April 2008. pg 12–13
Nick. “Poetry in Motion.” Ten4 Magazine. Issue 7, 2007. pg 15
Herman, Dave. “Animation Alchemy.” Twelve Point.com. August 2008
Smith, Tim. “Peter and the Wolf, Interview: Suzie Templeton.” Great Performances. March 2008. http://www.pbs.org/wnet/gperf/episodes/peter-the-wolf/interview-suzie-templeton-director/29/
oldandreckless. “RCA Animation Students”. Ind-e-Pix. 2008. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGmO1y7meRY

</doc>
<doc id="19212892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212892" title="Joaquín Trincado Mateo">
Joaquín Trincado Mateo

Joaquín Trincado Mateo was a philosopher of Spanish origin. In 1911, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, he founded the Magnetical-Spiritual School of Universal Commune, an academy fundamentally based on the study of "eternal and continuous life" using its "Light and Truth Spiritism" resource.
Biography.
Youth and family.
Mateo was born August 19, 1866, in the Spanish city of Cintruenigo (province of Navarra), the son of "working class" parents, Ignacio Trincado Alfaro and Romualda Mateo de Ayala. He was a student for about eighteen months at a Jesuit school and later studied to be an electrician.
Foundation of the EMECU.
In 1912, Mateo traveled to East Jerusalem, where he was received by the guardians of the school of the Essenes Kábala; here he received the order to open a school, intended as a continuation of the Kábala. The new school he founded, Escuela Magnetico-Espiritual de la Comuna Universal, became very popular. In the first twenty-four years of the school's existence, 184 EMECU branches were opened in several Spanish provinces, as well as Cuba, El Salvador, the United States (US), Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Puerto Rico, Santo Domingo, Uruguay and Venezuela. For administrative operations, the schools established a rigid discipline, governed by a document entitled, "Rules of Procedure, Statutes, Circulars and Articles", from its official magazine, "La Balanza" (""The Balance""). The document describes a "personality", whereby the Civil School is an educational institution for philanthropic and cultural studies, with own metaphysical and scientific methods.
In addition to writing tirelessly on spiritism, Mateo promoted the progress and unity of Spanish-speaking people. On October 12, 1921, he developed the Hispanic-American-Oceanic Union (UHAO), symbolized by a flag with the seven colors of the rainbow and the Spanish Oak tree of Guernica. In 1925, he founded the Organization Templo Azul Racionalista (Otar), for scientists and intellectuals, and then the "Circle Master's Advocate", a secular education program, whereby teachers would instruct other teachers.
The Nicaraguan revolutionary and politician, Augusto Cesar Sandino, was one of the best-known followers of Mateo's ""Luz y Verdad"" ("Light and Truth") manifesto of 1931.
The Colony Jaime ("Santiago del Estero").
On July 25, 1931, Mateo directed the founding of Colony Jaime (), located in Robles in the northern province of Santiago del Estero, Argentina; the Colony remains in existence as of 2012. In 2012, twenty-five families, consisting of seventy-nine children, teenagers, and adults, are the Colony's residents. It is located from the city of Santiago del Estero (capital of the province), with longitude and latitude directions of 27 ° 47'24 "S 64 ° 04'54" W.
Since 1952, Colony Jaime collaborates with the Cologne Provincial Public School No. 667 Pedro Juricich (primary and secondary EGB3 initial level), which works with many children from the area who attend the association.
Mateo also created the "Colonia Los Libertadores".
Death and administration.
At the time of Mateo's death on December 6, 1935, it was discovered that he had left directorship duties of the school to his wife, Maria Mercedes Riglos Cosis, who, in turn, delegated this authority to their eldest son, Juan Trincado Donato; Donato eventually died in 1992. The current heirs, trustees of Trincado's unpublished works, reside in Buenos Aires and the Province of San Juan.
Work.
Some of Mateo's most representative texts are:
Only about eighteen of his forty works have been published, while some of the remainder are missing from his archives.

</doc>
<doc id="19213032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213032" title="Eodalmanitina">
Eodalmanitina

Eodalmanitina is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the middle Ordovician in what is now France. It was described by Henry in 1964, and the type species is "Eodalmanitina macropthalma", which was originally described under the genus "Calymene" by Brongniart in 1822. The type locality was in Loire-Atlantique.

</doc>
<doc id="19213046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213046" title="Lloyd Brevett">
Lloyd Brevett

Lloyd Brevett OD (1 August 1931 – 3 May 2012) was a Jamaican double bassist, songwriter, and a founding member of The Skatalites. He was a rastafarian, and a brother of The Melodians member, Tony Brevett.
Biography.
Born in Kingston, Jamaica, Brevett was a founding member in 1964 of the ska band The Skatalites.
He toured many countries with The Skatalites, and produced two Skatalites' albums, "African Roots" (1975) and "The Legendary Skatalites" (1976). He once stated, "Ska was our type of music that could lift the youth and make Jamaica known around the world".
Brevett was awarded the Order of Distinction by the Jamaican government in 1981, and the silver Musgrave Medal in October 2010. He toured and recorded with The Skatalites from the beginning of their reunion until 2004, when he was removed from the group after conflicts with newer members. Brevett toured briefly with his own band, and then retired to Jamaica in 2005.
On 3 May 2012, Brevett died at Andrews Memorial Hospital in St. Andrew, Jamaica at the age of 80. Brevett had suffered a stroke in March, two weeks after the fatal shooting of his son, Okine, one of ten children that he had. He was buried at May Pen Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19213067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213067" title="Guanambi">
Guanambi

Guanambi is a municipality in Bahia, Brazil, with 76,230 inhabitants and an area of 1,301.799 km². It was founded in 1919 and Charles Fernandes is its current mayor. 
Is distant 796 km south-west of Salvador, the capital being connected by BR-030, BR-262 and BR-324, 45 miles and 43 miles Caetité Palmas de Monte Alto by BR-030, 33 miles from the BR-Pindaí 122 and 29 km from Candiba, BA-262, thus representing a strong influence in the commercial.
The city is served by Guanambi Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19213068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213068" title="Eodindymene">
Eodindymene

Eodindymene is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Sweden. It was described by Kielan in 1960, and the type species in "Eodindymene pulchra", which was originally described under the genus "Dindymene" by Olin in 1906. The type locality was the Tretaspis Shale Formation in Scania.

</doc>
<doc id="19213095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213095" title="Eomonarachus">
Eomonarachus

Eomonarachus is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the middle Ordovician in what is now the United States. It was described by Delo in 1935, and the type species is "Eomonarachus intermedius", which was originally described under the genus "Dalmanites" by Walcott in 1877. It also contains the species "Eomonorachus divaricatus", which was originally assigned to "Calliops" by Frederickson in 1964, and was later moved to "Estoniops" by Shaw in 1974, before being reassessed under its current genus by Ludvigsen in 1978. The type locality was the Decorah Formation in Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="19213100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213100" title="Liberal Democratic Party (Portugal)">
Liberal Democratic Party (Portugal)

The Liberal Democratic Party (, PLD) is a minor centrist political party in Portugal. It has no representatives in the Assembly of the Republic, the Portuguese legislature. 
It was founded in September 2007, in Lisbon by college professor Eduardo Correia as the "Merit and Society Movement" (, ; abbreviated "MMS"). On April 29, 2008 8,400 signatures were presented to the Portuguese Constitutional Court to start the legal procedures for the formation of the party. It was recognized the same month. Since 2011, it has been called the Liberal Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19213101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213101" title="YTB International">
YTB International

YTB International, known as YTB, operates an online travel agency under the parent company YTB Global Travel Inc. The company was founded in 2001 by J. Lloyd “Coach” Tomer, Scott Tomer and Kim Sorensen. The company is currently privately owned by Jamraval. Other YTB subsidiaries include YTB Travel Network, Inc. and Zamzuu, Inc. The company is based in Wood River, Illinois. International subsidiaries operate in the U.S., Puerto Rico, the Bahamas, Bermuda and Canada.
Business model.
YTB Global Travel Inc has 2 separate companies that operate under the YTB Global Travel Inc. corporate umbrella.
YTB already has thousands of people who own travel booking engines in the United States, Bermuda, the Bahamas and Canada. Their presence is being felt by the travel industry having sold over $2 billion in travel in their first 10 years, and they have been featured in the top 35 largest travel agencies in North America for the last five years straight.
YTB has a business model with 2 opportunities for business under YTB Global Travel.
The first: YTB Travel Network. The Travel Agent Opportunity.
One may choose to participate in YTB Travel Network by purchasing their own online travel website/booking engine wherein they will be paid commissions generated by the sales on their site. Participants who pay a $249 set up fee and $50 per month to maintain an "online travel agency" website, can sell travel online, utilize the website for their own travel purposes, as well as sell travel packages to others. They also have access to training and private industry exclusive portals for booking directly through vendors and suppliers at no additional cost.
The second: YTB Marketing. The Marketing/Sales Opportunity.
The second business is that of a Independent Marketing Representative or a REP. A REP is one who markets the business to potential Referring Travel Agent business owners who will purchase their own home based travel business for $249.00. The Rep opportunity has no cost. It is totally free to participate in this opportunity. YTB does not charge a fee to participate in the marketing arm of YTB Global Travel. A YTB REP will market and advertise the YTB RTA business model or YTB Travel Network opportunity. YTB will pay a commission or referral fee and tiered compensation to those who decide to participate in the REP marketing opportunity. A person looking at this business model may choose one or both opportunities. Neither one is dependent on the other. This video explains the business model in its entirety. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tva7SUcRE6E
History.
2001: J. Lloyd "Coach" Tomer, his son Scott Tomer, and Kim Sorensen launched YTB in 2001 in Alton, Illinois. Growth was slow until 2004, when YTB's creators bought controlling interest in a related company, REZconnect Technologies, increased their marketing budget, and aggressively acquiring new members with new marketing materials.
In 2002, YTB held a National convention in ST.Louis MO.
In 2003 YTB Opened its doors to Puerto Rico.
In 2005, YTB held a National convention in ST.Louis MO.
In 2005 YTB hosted it's first ever Fun Shine Travel Trade show in Orlando Florida.
In 2006, YTB held a National convention in ST.Louis MO.
In 2007, YTB held a National convention in ST.Louis MO.
In 2007 YTB held a record breaking Sail-a ton with Carnival Cruise Lines that booked over 12,000 cruise passengers in 24 hours. 
In 2009 YTB sold RezConnect, by then its technology and booking arm, to two of RezConnect's officers. Under the terms of the sale, YTB would indemnify the new owners for any YTB-related liabilities.
In 2008 YTB expanded into the countries of Canada, Bermuda, and the Bahamas. 
In 2008 the company's revenues were $44.8 million.
In 2008, the company held one of the largest National Conventions in history. YTB had over 18,000 attendees at its St.Louis based convention with classes provided by many vendors and suppliers like Carnival Cruise Lines, CLIA Intl., Steps of St Paul, Travel Guard Travel Insurance and many others. The company had a near life size replica of the statue of Lady Liberty created for this convention themed "Liberty and Travel for All" Please see this video for an overview of the convention. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yAaKtQ6K9U
In 2009, YTB hosted another National convention.
In 2009 YTB hosted another large Fun Shine Travel Trade show in Orlando Florida. The event again, held over 5000 YTB travel agents.
In 2010, YTB hosted another National convention.
In 2010, YTB introduced ZamZuu Inc. An E-commerce shopping platform that would appear on all referring travel agent websites. ZamZuu was born! YTB had entered the world of e-commerce, adding a wonderful compliment to their existing product offerings in the world of travel. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7D3mITBY-Qg
In 2011 YTb hosted another National Convention in St.Louis MO.
February 2012: Founder J. Kim Sorenson died.
In 2013, YTB was purchased by Chicago investor Sam Hathi of the Hathi Group and Jamraval.
January 2014, YTB hosts National "Convention at Sea" aboard the Carnival Ecstasy out of Miami Florida.
Awards.
YTB received the Pinnacle Award from Carnival Cruise Lines four years in a row.
YTB was named "Best of the Best" by Travel Impressions. FARMINGDALE, NY (Dec. 8, 2011) – YTB Travel Network was recognized in 2011 by Travel Impressions (http://www.TravelImpressions.com), one of the country’s largest tour operators selling destinations worldwide, as a "Best of the Best" travel agency which is given to 
top performing agencies and consortia partners. YTB Travel Network was invited to attend Travel Impressions 16th annual “Best of the Best” gala event, held Nov. 30 - Dec. 3, 2011 at the Fiesta Americana Grand Coral Beach in Cancún, Mexico. "Best of the Best" honors are bestowed on a limited number of agencies that are top 
producers for Travel Impressions, and that are considered to be its best partners.
Lawsuits.
August 2008:California Attorney General Jerry Brown sued the company in early August, 2008, alleging it to be a pyramid scheme, among other claims. These were allegations and there was never any proof of wrong doing. The suit was eventually settled. The Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan joined Brown in investigating the company.
2009: On May 14, 2009, California authorities settled their suit with YTB. As part of the settlement, YTB agreed to ensure that participants clearly understand the two different company's and their responsibilities. That same day, Madigan filed a similar suit in Illinois which also was dismissed due to lack of evidence of wrong doing.
Around the same time, several former agents filed a class-action lawsuit, alleging the company to be an illegal pyramid scheme. . YTB responded by stating that it intends to "vigorously defend the case,". The case was dismissed in July 2009. The case was called an "ungainly monster which had no merit" by a federal judge.
In 2007, YTB was also investigated for similar allegations in Rhode Island. The investigation did not conclude any wrong doing.
In the defense of YTB, several current agents have characterized the complaints from former agents as sour grapes from those who didn't spend enough time attending to their business. "We are proud of our business model and how our operations are conducted in an ethical and transparent way," said chief executive Scott Tomer. "We also are wholly confident that our business model will withstand scrutiny, and look forward to setting the record straight in court."
Bankruptcy.
On March 1, 2013 YTB International filed for Chapter 11 reorganization protection in federal court in St. Louis. The last quarterly earnings report the company filed was for the third quarter of 2011, while it has recently announced that that report contained errors.
On October 11, 2013 YTB completed the sale of its assets to a chicago based business man Sam Hathi of Jamraval, Inc. “We believe the YTB franchise can be turned around and that it can regain the leadership position that it once held in the travel services industry,” said Hathi, owner of newly formed YTB Global Travel Inc., in a statement. Moving forward, YTB will operate as YTB Global Travel.

</doc>
<doc id="19213132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213132" title="Kaumahina State Wayside Park">
Kaumahina State Wayside Park

Kaumahina State Wayside Park or Kaumahina State Park, is located in Maui County, Hawaii, East of Kahului and West of Hana along the Hana Highway. The park consists of of forest and exotic plants. Amenities include a rest stop and scenic views of the northeast Maui coastline and Ke'anae Peninsula.
See also.
List of Hawaii state parks

</doc>
<doc id="19213144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213144" title="Erratencrinurus">
Erratencrinurus

Erratencrinurus is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now northern Germany. It was described from glacial erratics by Krueger in 1972, and the type species is "Erratencrinurus capricornu".

</doc>
<doc id="19213161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213161" title="Lohi">
Lohi

Lohi is a town and union council of Dureji Tehsil in Balochistan province, Pakistan. It is located at 28°56'0N 68°4'0E with an altitude of 93 metres (308 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19213165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213165" title="Biliński coat of arms">
Biliński coat of arms

Biliński - is a Polish Coat of Arms. It was used by the "szlachta" Biliński family.
Notable bearers.
Notable bearers of this Coat of Arms include:

</doc>
<doc id="19213209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213209" title="Estoniops">
Estoniops

Estoniops is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Estonia. It was described by Mannil in 1958, and the type species is "Estoniops exilis", which was originally described under the genus "Acaste" by Eichwald in 1858. Its generic name is derived from the country in which it was first discovered.

</doc>
<doc id="19213232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213232" title="WSJ.">
WSJ.

WSJ., which was originally intended to be a monthly magazine named Pursuits, is a glossy news and lifestyle magazine by the publishers of "The Wall Street Journal". It features luxury consumer products advertisements and is distributed to subscribers in large United States markets as well as throughout Europe and Asia. It began in September 2008 as a quarterly with plans to become a monthly magazine in 2009.
With its tagline "The Luxury of Choice", the magazine operates with an advertising business model that allows for free delivery to select readers. It follows a trend of new luxury magazines many of which are also delivered as part of free subscriptions that supplement other subscriptions or memberships. Since it is leveraging a high-end subset of "The Wall Street Journal" with favorable demographics, many expect the magazine to be successful.
Initial release.
The magazine was originally sent as an insert with September 6, 2008 weekend home delivery in the seventeen largest United States "The Wall Street Journal" subscription markets as well as the September 5 editions of the "Wall Street Journal Europe" and "Wall Street Journal Asia". By selecting these markets, it began with a readership of 960,000 (800,000 domestic). The magazine is also available with newsstand purchases of the newspaper in the selected domestic markets, and its content is available for free online at www.wsj.com. In addition, this readership has greater wealth (average household assets of US$2.9 million), higher income ($265,000 per-household income), and takes more than twice as many international leisure trips than the readership of the newspaper. This is notable because the readership of the newspaper spent more on women's apparel than the readers of "Vogue" and more on leisure travel than the readers of "Travel & Leisure". The launch press release was sent in English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Simplified Chinese, and Traditional Chinese. The September 6 debut had been announced nearly a year earlier.
The magazine was officially unveiled at the Pierpont Morgan Library on September 3, 2008. The unveiling was led by Ellen Asmodeo-Giglio, its publisher; Michael Rooney, Dow Jones chief revenue officer; Tina Gaudoin, WSJ. editor in chief (and former launch editor of "The Times" of London’s "Luxx"); and Robert J. Thomson, managing editor of "The Wall Street Journal". It has been compared to "How To Spend It", the weekend magazine of the "Financial Times", "T magazine", a "New York Times" offshoot, "Style & Design", a spinoff of "Time", and "Departures", a magazine distributed for free to American Express platinum and black cardholders. Gaudoin had also previously worked for "Tatler", "Harper's Bazaar" and "Vogue" and helped to launch the women's magazine Frank.
Strategy.
In 2008, luxury magazines had become the new wave of print media. These aforementioned similar magazines have generally succeeded at both giving free luxury magazine subscriptions to a selected elite audience and hoping that they would read them so that the magazine could sell advertising. This magazine is considered to be a similar bet on the viability for the luxury advertising revenues market. Nearly half of the advertiser bought globally in the United States, Europe and Asia and many advertisers committed to advertising deals for all of next year. Some advertisers committed for two years.
"The Wall Street Journal" launched its weekend newspaper edition, which its publisher, Dow Jones & Company, described as the first and only Saturday morning national weekend newspaper, on September 17, 2005. When the weekend newspaper was launched, it had the highest circulation of any national newspaper published on Saturday. Prior to the launch of the weekend edition, "The Wall Street Journal" had commonly only been delivered to business addresses. With the home delivery aspect of the weekend edition, the possibility of supplemental weekend luxury magazine arose. The original name "Pursuits" had been widely publicized as a section of the newly launched weekend edition of the magazine.
Expanded launch.
In December 2009, WSJ. announced plans to expand domestic circulation beyond the 17 largest domestic markets to the entire domestic subscription base, which nearly doubled its domestic circulation from 800,000 to 1.5 million. In addition the frequency of distribution was expanded from 4 to 6 times per year. In order to increase the frequency a May and an October edition were added to the March, June, September and December 2010 distribution schedule. At the time of the expansion, the magazine claimed its first fifteen months of its first six issues had been a success during which the magazine attracted 64 new subscribers to the Journal's franchise. Deborah Needleman replaced Tina Gaudoin in 2010. After Needleman left for 
"" in 2012, she was replaced by Kristina O’Neill.
Design and layout.
The magazine is oversized to be as large as would fit within the fold of "The Wall Street Journal". Its specs are trim size and a 50-50 ad-to-edit ratio on a paper stock. The premiere issue of WSJ. had 104 pages in the U.S. and 80 pages in the Europe and Asia editions. It included 51 advertisers of which 19 are new to The Wall Street Journal franchise. The initial cover featured Diana Dondoe in a dress fabricated from "The Wall Street Journal" newsprint design, which the "New York Observer" feels is a tip of the hat to a controversy noted in the "New York Times" about a poverty chic photo spread in the India edition of the August 2008 "Vogue".
Critical review.
Some media experts consider that pursuit of luxury retail advertising an effective strategy, but whether the magazine becomes a success is an open issue. Immediate speculation commented on the likelihood for success given the demographics of the initial subscription base. Others ascribed their great expectations to the brand. Some skeptics claim that since Journal readers are financial information seekers giving them a free magazine of luxury ads may be a waste of time. Others note the magazine's launch despite a market with declining advertising and a world economy suffering from the Financial crisis of 2007–2008. Some advertisers expressed appreciation for an opportunity to present to "The Wall Street Journal"'s readers in a different format.
The content is slightly less focussed on consumption than "How To Spend It". Gaudoin stated her intention was to make a publication that was less about how to spend it and more about "how to live it." She also intends to differentiate her magazine via wit and irreverence in order to make "WSJ." less urban and less gritty" than "T". The magazine claims to have planned to feature Sarah Palin in its inaugural issue even before she became John McCain's running mate in the 2008 United States presidential election.

</doc>
<doc id="19213265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213265" title="Eudolatites">
Eudolatites

Eudolatites is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now the Czech Republic. It was described by Delo in 1935, and the type species is "Eudolatites angelini", which was originally described under the genus "Dalmanites" by Barrande in 1852. The type locality was the Bohdalee Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19213304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213304" title="Inhaminga">
Inhaminga

Inhaminga is an administrative post of Cheringoma district of the Sofala province. It limits to the north and northwest by the district of Caia, on the west by districts of Gorongosa and Maringue, south to Mwanza district, southeast Indian Ocean to the east and northeast and to the district of Marromeu.
Transport.
It is served by a station on the Central railway of Mozambique Railways.

</doc>
<doc id="19213317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213317" title="Gadore">
Gadore

Gadore is a town and union council of Bela Tehsil, Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan. It is located at 26°10'50N 66°19'55E with an altitude of 52 metres (173 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19213324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213324" title="Eulomina">
Eulomina

Eulomina a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now the Czech Republic. It was described by Ruzicka in 1931, and the type species is "Eulomina mitratum", which the author originally described under the genus "Euloma" in 1926. The type locality was the T"enice Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19213395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213395" title="Hope for Portugal Movement">
Hope for Portugal Movement

Hope for Portugal Movement (, ; MEP) was a minor centrist political party in Portugal. It had no representatives in the Assembly of the Republic, the Portuguese legislature. Its name in Portuguese could also mean incentive expression: Movement "Have Hope Portugal".
It was formed on July 23, 2008 when the Portuguese Constitutional Court accepted the necessary 8,400 signatures for it to be legally recognized. Portuguese activist and entrepreneur Rui Marques was the first face of the then civic group, that would originate the MEP. The first party congress is scheduled for 4/5 October 2008, and it is due to approve the party's program and statutes. MEP has announced it is going to contest the European Parliament and legislative elections of 2009.
Due to the low results achieved by the party in the 2011 elections, Rui Marques resigned as party chairman. On 29 January 2012 the party released a statement informing party members, motivated by the weak results achieved in the 4 elections in which they contested, that the party would be dissolved as a political party although continuing its action as a civic movement.
On 9 January 2013 the dissolution of the party was accepted by the Constitutional Court, with effect since 12 December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19213442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213442" title="Marjorie Tallchief">
Marjorie Tallchief

Marjorie Tallchief was a ballerina of the Osage Nation. She is the younger sister of the late prima ballerina, Maria Tallchief, and was the first Native American to be named "première danseuse étoile " in the Paris Opera Ballet.
Early life.
Marjorie Louise Tall Chief was born 19 Oct 1926 in Denver, Colorado while her parents, Alexander Tall Chief and his wife, Ruth (née Porter), were on a family vacation with her older siblings, brother Gerald and sister Maria Tallchief. She was raised in Fairfax, Oklahoma. She and her family moved to Los Angeles in 1933, where she and her sister could train in ballet dancing. She trained with Bronislava Nijinska and David Lichine.
Career.
After completing her training in Los Angeles, Marjorie began performing for several dance companies. According to the "Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture", these included: "... the American Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo (1946-47), the Grand Ballet du Marquis de Cuevas (1948-55), Ruth Page's Chicago Opera Ballet (guest artist, 1958-62), and the Harkness Ballet (prima ballerina, 1964-66). Her most acclaimed roles were performed in "Night Shadow" (1950), "Annabel Lee" (1951), Idylle (1954), "Romeo and Juliet" (1955), and "Giselle" (1957)." 
She was the first Native American to be "première danseuse étoile" of the Paris Opera Ballet and performed with the Grand Ballet du Marquis de Cuevas. During her career she also performed for politicians such as U.S. Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson, and foreign dignitaries such as Charles de Gaulle. After her retirement from the stage, she acted as a dance director for the Dallas Ballet, the Chicago Ballet School and the Harid Conservatory until 1993.
Accolades.
In 1991, she was inducted into the Oklahoma Hall of Fame. In October 1997, she and her elder sister Maria, along with Moscelyne Larkin, Rosella Hightower, and Yvonne Chouteau, were named Oklahoma Treasures at the Governor's Arts Awards.
Personal life.
She had two children with her husband, the late director and choreographer George Skibine, and currently lives in Boca Raton, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19213457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213457" title="Fenestraspis">
Fenestraspis

Fenestraspis is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida from the Lower Devonian. "Fenestraspis" is unusual because of the development of extensive fenestrae in the posterior part of the body and apparently of the thorax, the presence of upwardly directed spines on the cephalon, thorax and pygidium, and the exceptionally large and highly elevated eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="19213459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213459" title="Binega">
Binega

Binega is (also known as Ghode ka Binega, Vinega) a small village located approximately from Gangapur City. Its main Village Panchayat is Vinega Panchayat .
One IES (IAS) Madan lal meena and
Six IITIAN came out of this small village. The names are Gaurav Meena, Bhanwar Meena, Raj Kumaar Meena, Shailesh Meena, and two more.
Geography.
Coordinates :Latitude: 26.57125'N, Longitude: 76.87454'E. 
Pin Code:322219
It is located at 8 km distance North-East of Gangapur City on road joining Gangapur City and Hindaun. Gangapur City, Bamanwas, Sapotra and Nadauti are the nearby Towns.
Climate.
The temperature in the summer season ranges from to , and in the winter from to .
Transportation.
It is accessible by buses on the road from Gangapur City to Hindaun. It can also be reached by jugaad from Gangapur City, Hindaun and Wazirpur. It is also reachable from Lalpur Umri RailWay Station, Chhoti Odai RailWay Station and Pilioda RailWay Station. 

</doc>
<doc id="19213483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213483" title="Feruminops">
Feruminops

Feruminops is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Turkey. It was described by Haas in 1968, and the type species is "Feruminops crepida". The type locality was the Dede Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19213491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213491" title="Robe Canyon Historic Trail">
Robe Canyon Historic Trail

History.
Robe Canyon was chosen as a part of the railway to transport gold and silver ore mined at Monte Cristo located in the Cascade Mountains to Everett. In 1892, the Everette & Monte Cristo Railroad was built. Although, the canyon section of the railway had six tunnels, since much of the route was constructed on wooden frameworks at the edge of the bubbling stream, the structures were often swept away in floods, requiring constant repair. During the 19th century, the railway enjoyed good reputations for a scenic trip to the mountains.
Starting in 1995, , including a portion of the historical railway segment, has been acquired by Snohomish County from John Hancock Corporation and Trillium Corporation.
Since 1995 when Snohomish County acquired the first phase of Robe Canyon, volunteers have maintained the Old Robe Trail. In 2002, volunteers continued the tradition, led by Volunteers for Outdoor Washington, performing annual maintenance, installing log-railings, and relocating a section of trail lost to the river's winter rampages. Yet, the major volunteer effort was reserved for construction of the new Lime Kiln Trail at the west end of the park. Continuing the work started in 1998, over 90 volunteers invested 262 volunteer work days last year. Finally, in the late fall, trail workers reached a significant milestone: the site of the historic railway bridge spanning the South Fork of the Stillaguamish River across from Tunnel #1.
Access.
From the Town of Granite Falls, drive the Mountain Loop Highway east for to the top of a long hill. A rustic sign on the right is visible near the intersection with Forest Service Road 41.

</doc>
<doc id="19213517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213517" title="Cumbersome">
Cumbersome

"Cumbersome" is a song by Seven Mary Three and the lead single from their breakthrough album, "American Standard". It was originally included on their independently released debut, "Churn", in 1994. The single was released in 1996 and became the band's most popular and well known song. "Cumbersome" reached #1 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks, #7 on the Modern Rock Tracks, #39 on the Billboard Hot 100, and on their list of Top Mainstream Rock Songs of the Decade, the song ranked in at #5 for 1996. An acoustic version of the song is included on the "Cumbersome" and "Water's Edge" CD singles. A live version appears on "Live in the X Lounge IV", released in 2001.
Background.
The original six minute version of "Cumbersome" served as the opening track to "Churn". After airing on a Florida radio station and generating great response, the song propelled Seven Mary Three to a record deal with Mammoth Records. The band then re-recorded "Cumbersome" for their Mammoth label debut album, "American Standard", and the song catapulted the album to platinum status.
Music and lyrics.
The lyrics describe regret over a couple's separation, particularly a woman's disinterest in her significant other. It also arguably highlights the group's songwriting abilities with unique lines such as "She calls me Goliath and I wear the David mask." The song opens with guitar chords which are strummed conventionally and then strummed muted between every chord transition. This pattern carries on throughout the song. A prominent bassline is highlighted during the bridge.
Legacy.
Despite proving commercial successful, as the band's debut single and most popular song, "Cumbersome" has, according to some observers, pigeon-holed Seven Mary Three among the one-hit wonders of the 1990s. In a 2005 interview, drummer Giti Khalsa called the song "a blessing and a curse." He added, "It definitely was the beginning of our success. We were able to sell a lot of records because of that song and a couple others on that first record. But, at the same time, with each record that we've made - it's like the 'monkey on the back.'" This was reinforced in 2003 when the band opened for 3 Doors Down on tour. The latter group, having surpassed Seven Mary Three in popularity, claimed to have covered "Cumbersome" among other Seven Mary Three songs during their early days. Khalsa also expressed disappointment in a 2003 interview where he stated that a considerable amount of people leave their shows after "Cumbersome" is performed.
As of 2008, "Cumbersome" allegedly receives over 500 plays a week on popular radio.
Music video.
The "Cumbersome" video was produced by MMG and directed by Julie Hermelin. A stripped down performance video with little-to-no story concept or special effects, it revolves entirely around the band playing the song in a bar during the day.

</doc>
<doc id="19213537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213537" title="Mutarara">
Mutarara

Mutarara is a town in Mozambique. It lies on the north bank of the Zambezi River.
Transport.
Mutarara is served by a station on the Central line of Mozambique Railways. It is the junction for the line to Malawi. It also lies on the north end of the Dona Ana railway bridge over the Zambezi River.

</doc>
<doc id="19213551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213551" title="Kahore">
Kahore

Kahore is a town and union council of Bela Tehsil, Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19213595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213595" title="Welpat Janobi">
Welpat Janobi

Welpat Janobi is a town and union council of Bela Tehsil in the Lasbela District of Balochistan province, Pakistan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19213597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213597" title="Andries Bekker">
Andries Bekker

Andries Bekker (born 5 December 1983 in Cape Town, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player for the Springbok rugby team as well as Kobelco Steelers in the Japanese Top League.
Bekker made his South African debut in 2008 against Wales in a 43–17 victory in Bloemfontein.
At 6'11" he is one of the tallest international rugby players, but he only made the Springbok side regularly after the retirement of locks Bakkies Botha and Victor Matfield. He is the son of former Springbok International Hennie Bekker who was also a lock.
Holding the record for being the tallest Springbok in history, Andries Bekker was an imposing figure in the DHL Stormers lineout. Despite his large physique, he is blessed with mobility and pace; aspects which have seen him become an integral part of the current Springbok squad. His experience and all-round ability was to be crucial to the success of a relatively young pack in 2010. Bekker was a Vodacom Super 14 Rugby Player of the Year nominee in 2008.
In 2013 Bekker agreed to a move to Japanese club Kobelco Steelers.

</doc>
<doc id="19213617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213617" title="Welpat Shumali">
Welpat Shumali

Welpat Shumali is a town and union council of Bela Tehsil in the Lasbela District of Balochistan province, Pakistan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19213646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213646" title="Jah Jerry Haynes">
Jah Jerry Haynes

Jerome "Jah Jerry" Haynes OD (August 11, 1921 – August 13, 2007) was a Jamaican guitarist and former member of The Skatalites.
Haynes was born in Trench Pen, presently known as Trench Town, the cultural capital of Jamaica, in 1921. He learned to play guitar from early years by his father and then by Ernest Ranglin. In 1949 he played with Jocelyn Trott Orchestra in Montego Bay.
This prepared him for his sojourn into organized playing when he hit the hotel circuit playing with the Jocelyn Trott Orchestra in Montego Bay, in 1949. In mid-1950s he freelanced with several other bands (including saxophonist Val Bennett's jazz band) until he joined the Arkland "Drumbago" Park Studio Band. His upward "stumming" of the guitar became the signature style in the Boogie Shuffle/Ska
In 1959 Haynes worked with Prince Buster and played guitar in many sessions. In 1961, he was contracted exclusively to Coxsone Dodd, though he played for other producers, such as Duke Reid, King Edwards the Giant and Lyndon Pottinger. In 1964 he was one of The Skatalites founders and played with them until 1965. He was featured on Rico Rodriguez' "That Man Is Forward" album. Two years later, he joined the reformed Skatalites at the Reggae Sunsplash festival.
Haynes left the Skatalites in 1986 and lived in relative anonymity in Jones Town.
Jah Jerry, O.D, as a member of the Skatalites, was one of the first twelve inductees in the Jamaica Music Hall of Fame sponsored by the Jamaica Association of Vintage Artists and Affiliates in 2008. In 2010, he was honored by the Jamaican Government on National Heroes Day and was posthumously awarded the "Order of Distinction" at King's House for his contribution to the development of Jamaican music. Jah Jerry was also a songwriter and a pioneer musician who helped create Jamaica's first indigenous music. He was a legengary guitarist who added jazz chords to the music and rapidly and repeatedly shifted these chords which was unheard of during that time. 
After the breakup of the Skatalites, Jah Jerry had continued working as a session musician. He played on the album, "Top Secret", with Tommy Mccook and Supersonics in the 1960s. He recorded several hit songs in 1970s, including "Black Star liner" by Fred Locks, "The Gorgon" by Cornell Campbell and "Satta MassaGana" by the Abyssinians. When the original Skatalites reunited in the 1980s,minus Don Drummond (deceased 1969), Jah Jerry played with the band at Reggae Sunsplash in Jamaica (1983) and in England (1984). They recorded three albums: "Return of the Big Guns", "Stretching Out" and "Rolling Steady". He also toured with the band in the United States and performed in New York at the Village Gate and SOB. While living in New York, Jah Jerry did session works for Sir Clement Dodd at his studio in Brooklyn. Dodd was a legendary producer and owner of the Studio One in Jamaica. Jah Jerry retired in the year 2000, his career spanning over 50 years which covered various musical genre: Mento; Boggie/Shuffle; SKA; Rock Steady and Reggae. He recorded hundreds of songs during his musical tenure and worked with the cream of Jamaican producers and musicians. He was a member of the following bands: Prince Buster's Allstars, Drumbago Allstars, Duke Reid Group, Beverly's Allstars, King Edwards, various Studio One outfits, and of course the great Skatalites. The Skatalites were the musicians instrumental in the developing the Ska beat as well as the Rock Steady and Reggae beat.
He played on a host of vintage and classic songs, such as "Be Still", "Oh Carolina", "Simmer Down", "Carry Go Bring Come", "One love", "Humpty Dumpty", "Wash, Wash", "Blazing Fire", "Man in the Street", "Eastern Standard Time", "Rough and Tough", just to name a few. He played on the first-ever recording sessions for many Jamaican artists who became famous. These artists included Bob Marley and the Wailers, Jimmy Cliff, Desmond Dekker, Millie Smalls, Prince Buster, Alton Ellis, Delroy Wilson, Toots and the Maytals, Derrick Morgan, Justin Hinds and the Dominoes, and Stranger Cole.

</doc>
<doc id="19213649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213649" title="Kuramoto Station (Tokushima)">
Kuramoto Station (Tokushima)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19213663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213663" title="List of airports in Michigan's Upper Peninsula">
List of airports in Michigan's Upper Peninsula

The following is a list of airports in Michigan's Upper Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="19213668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213668" title="Garczyński coat of arms">
Garczyński coat of arms

Garczyński is a Polish Coat of Arms. It was used by several szlachta families in the times of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Notable bearers.
Notable bearers of this Coat of Arms include:

</doc>
<doc id="19213678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213678" title="Akui Station">
Akui Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19213679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213679" title="My Own Destruction">
My Own Destruction

My Own Destruction is the second EP album by the Japanese music group Ellegarden. It was released on October 16, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19213701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213701" title="Ishii Station (Tokushima)">
Ishii Station (Tokushima)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19213738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213738" title="Shimoura Station">
Shimoura Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19213757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213757" title="Ushinoshima Station">
Ushinoshima Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19213773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213773" title="Asgaard (Mexican TV series)">
Asgaard (Mexican TV series)

Asgaard is a TV Azteca game show broadcast every Sunday at 7:00 pm on Azteca 13. The first broadcast was on July 27, 2008.
Contestants compete to win ounces of silver in the competition. Silver pieces gives contestants more control over the game as well as being a take-home prize themselves. The program has been designed to have an atmosphere notably influenced by the Norse mythology and the culture of northern Europe.
Structure of the program.
Synopsis.
According to the fictional description on the home website:
Asgaard was a magical and fantastic world, a world where hags, mages, and fauns lived in harmony. But one day the evil forces of Mork took control of our world and now only the union of the two races of human beings will be able to bring it back into harmony. ... From there then the inhabitants of Asgaard started a quest to find the greatest warriors, who have to survive tests that go beyond their imagination... and so some day the world of the gods will be saved. In the meantime we are only able to hope...The time has come and the moment of the battle rises. Come and visit the world of Asgaard.
Gameplay.
The game is divided into adventures in which the contestants, called "warriors," prove their capabilities and determination. Two teams of two members compete to test their bravery, strength, and ability, under a time limit.
The form is similar to a role-playing game, the participants using bracelets that join to activate the aleatoric watch, to give them the power to move forward through the game. The spaces are divided into two types. 
The two teams represent "Laoth" and "Kaoth", gods of the Sun and darkness (the Moon). These give the players protection during their collection of the silver ounces. 
The team that reaches the final space first receives the number of ounces that they have accumulated, and the possibility of competing in the final.
Production.
The son of Ricardo Salinas Pliego, Benjamín Salinas, debuted as producer and writer of the original idea. He told the story with the design assistance of Roberto González, Pablo Dávila and Pablo Azuela.

</doc>
<doc id="19213784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213784" title="Oezuka Station">
Oezuka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19213802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213802" title="Kamojima Station">
Kamojima Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19213834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213834" title="Nishi-Oe Station">
Nishi-Oe Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19213879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213879" title="Allahabad, Balochistan">
Allahabad, Balochistan

Allahabad is a village and union council of Hub Tehsil in the Lasbela District of Balochistan province, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19213900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213900" title="Awa-Kawashima Station">
Awa-Kawashima Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19213911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213911" title="Ellegarden (album)">
Ellegarden (album)

Ellegarden is the first EP album by the Japanese music group Ellegarden. It was released on May 23, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19213920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213920" title="Allahabad, Pakistan">
Allahabad, Pakistan

Allahabad, Pakistan may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19213931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213931" title="Wang Yi">
Wang Yi

Wang Yi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19213938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213938" title="Gaku Station">
Gaku Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19213984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19213984" title="Yamase Station">
Yamase Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19214001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214001" title="Awa-Yamakawa Station">
Awa-Yamakawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19214013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214013" title="Namacurra">
Namacurra

Namacurra is a small town in central Mozambique.
Transport.
It lies on the former railway between Quelimane and Vila de Mocuba.

</doc>
<doc id="19214017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214017" title="Hero Honda Karizma R">
Hero Honda Karizma R

The Hero Honda Karizma is a motorcycle manufactured by Hero Motocorp. It was launched in May 2003 and was given a cosmetic upgrade Karizma R in 2007. In September 2009, it was supplemented by another variant Karimza ZMR.
Design and styling.
Karizma has been designed specifically for the Indian market. The styling is inspired by Honda VFR800. The instrument panel and the tank recesses are also designed keeping their functionality in mind. The horn has come under criticism for not being loud enough.
Comfort and handling.
The sporty seating position has been compared to the Honda CBZ 125 F, and BMW F650. Reviews have praised the handling of Karizma as "being easy for novice", "impeccable on straights and cornering" and as an "accomplished bike" in ride and handling. However the rear tyre, the handle bar and the foot pegs have been blamed in affecting the handling.
Performance and fuel economy.
Karizma has the tried and tested, but slightly detuned version of 223 cc SOHC air-cooled engine from the CRF230 series of enduro/MX/supermoto bikes that are sold in the USA and South American markets. It has a five-speed gearbox in place of the CRF's six-speed. The engine is an all aluminium, undersquare engine (bore and stroke ) running a compression ratio of 9:1. It features a Kehlin CV carburettor with a CCVI switch. The top speed is around 130 km/h and the 0–60 km/h is achieved around 3.8 seconds. The Karizma is reported to have an overall fuel economy of 40 km/l (90 mpg or 2.4 l/100 km), with a best of 50 km/l (120 mpg) and a worst of 28 km/l (66 mpg).

</doc>
<doc id="19214019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214019" title="Kawata Station">
Kawata Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19214033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214033" title="NexentaStor">
NexentaStor

NexentaStor is an OpenSolaris or more recently Illumos distribution optimized for virtualization, storage area networks, network-attached storage, and iSCSI or Fibre Channel applications employing the ZFS file system.
Like OpenSolaris, NexentaStor is a Unix-like operating system. Nexenta Systems started NexentaStor as a fork of another OpenSolaris distribution, Illumos.
NexentaStor supports iSCSI, unlimited incremental backups ('snapshots'), snapshot mirroring (replication), continuous data protection, integrated search within ZFS snapshots, and an API.
Nexenta distributes the operating system as a disk image. The cost of a license is calculated per terabyte or per server. The Community Edition is available free of charge for users with less than 18 terabytes of used disk space who deploy the operating system in a non-production environment.
Community Edition.
NexentaStor Community Edition includes all the common storage area network features of the production version, but if the amount of disk data addressed by the system exceeds 18 TB, the operating system locks most administration functions.
Features excluded from the Community Edition:

</doc>
<doc id="19214047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214047" title="The Owl Service (TV series)">
The Owl Service (TV series)

The Owl Service was an eight-part television series based on the fantasy novel of the same name by Alan Garner. Produced in 1969 and televised over the winter of 1969-1970, the series was remarkably bold in terms of production. It was the first fully scripted colour production by Granada Television and was filmed almost entirely on location at a time when almost all TV drama was studio-bound. It used editing techniques such as jump cuts to create a sense of disorientation and also to suggest that two time periods overlapped. For the series, the book was adapted in seven scripts (later stretched to eight) by Garner and was produced and directed by Peter Plummer. The direction was quite radical and seemed to be influenced by the avant-garde, a noted contrast to what might be expected of a children's serial.
Background.
Following the success of the novel, which had won the Carnegie Medal and Guardian Award for children's literature, there was much interest in turning the story into a TV series with three companies vying for the rights. In the end, during the summer of 1968, Granada won out, approaching Alan Garner to script the series himself. The director chosen was Peter Plummer, who also acted as Producer. Since the novel was based on real locations, Plummer opted to use the same places where possible and although the scenes in the house were filmed in a manor near Liverpool, the rest of the filming took place in Wales (where the story was set). Filming began on location on 11 April and was completed 20 June, a few studio scenes were shot for the production, with these wrapping up on 3 July 1969. Trailers for the series were also shot, featuring material not used in the finished show.
The theme music was the traditional folk piece "Tôn Alarch" played on the harp by Jean Bell, while the incidental music was taken from stock sources. The title sequence featured a hand shadow depicting an owl in flight, photographs of the valley and a flickering candle along with sound effects.
Cast.
The parts of the three main characters Gwyn, Roger and Alison were played by Michael Holden, Francis Wallis and Gillian Hills respectively. The ages of the characters are never stated, but in contrast to the novel, where they were fifteen, for this adaptation they were slightly older, often considered seventeen. Hills and Wallis themselves were in their early twenties at the time of production, while Holden was nineteen. For the older characters, well-known character actors Edwin Richfield, Dorothy Edwards and Raymond Llewellyn were employed playing Clive, Nancy and Huw. The role of Margaret was never cast - the character being frequently present, but never seen. Both writer and producer appeared in the production - Garner as one of the villagers and Plummer in a photograph as the deceased Bertram. Many of the cast later commented on the lasting effects the serial had on them, Holden commenting that it felt like "we were personally living the whole thing", while Hills said that "it was all so real, it was frightening". Llewellyn said in 2008 that the role of Huw has haunted him ever since.
Episodes.
For an overall plot description see the novel's article: The Owl Service.
Episode one.
Holidaying in rural Wales, Alison, mother Margaret, new stepfather Clive and his son, Roger are staying at a manor house formerly owned by Alison's uncle Bertram. Alison befriends the cook's son Gwyn. Together, they discover a set of dinner plates with a floral pattern, which Alison traces and forms into paper owls. Gwyn's mother Nancy is furious and demands the plates be returned. At night, Alison becomes possessed and as Roger looks in on her, she scratches his face.
Episode two.
The half-crazed gardener, Huw, tells Gwyn of an ancient legend and hints that the three teenagers may be in danger of re-enacting the story. Alison is acting strangely as she becomes taken with the female character of the myth. In the billiard room, Clive is astonished to see the wood panelling on the wall crumbling away to reveal a picture of a woman made of flowers.
Episode three.
Alison has hidden the plates away in a hut in the forest and becomes obsessed with the need to trace the pattern. Gwyn joins her in the hut and they spend the night there. In the morning, Huw rambles on to Gwyn that he was also one of three caught up in the legend and claims he is lord of the valley.
Episode four.
Roger is disturbed by some photographs he has taken in the valley which seem to depict a ghost. Nancy tells Gwyn that she had an affair with Bertram and bemoans the fact that she should have been the owner of the house rather than Margaret. Margaret meanwhile has forbidden Alison to see Gwyn, but while out walking, Alison meets up with him. Unknown to them, Margaret is watching through binoculars.
Episode five.
Alison and Gwyn become closer as they walk up the mountain, while Roger is at home feeling increasingly depressed and expresses his desire to leave to Clive. Alison and Gwyn promise to meet up every day out of sight of their parents at an agreed time, but on her return to the house, Alison is forbidden to see him. A few days later, Roger, Alison and Clive discover a locked door in the stables and wonder what's inside. Alison then realises that she is in her and Gwyn's meeting place and as he steps out of hiding, she is forced to snub him.
Episode six.
Gwyn is furious at the treatment he has been shown by Alison and is further upset by his mother. In an attempt to bond, Alison and Roger talk together and she reveals some of the things Gwyn had told her while on the mountain. Later, Gwyn corners Alison and forces her to discuss what's going on between them. Roger shows up and mockingly tells Gwyn he knows his secrets. Gwyn is enraged and storms away, determined to leave the valley and everyone behind.
Episode seven.
Gwyn has spent the night on a mountain when Huw catches up with him. Huw explains that the legend was re-enacted by him, Bertram and Nancy and is now being enacted again by Gwyn, Roger and Alison and can only end in pain. Gwyn is not interested until Huw reveals that he is his father. At the house, Roger decides to find out what is in the stable and goes to force open the door.
Episode eight.
On opening the door, Roger finds a table full of paper owls - the same as Alison had been making, but these were put there by Nancy. At the house, Gwyn has returned but is told by Nancy they are leaving. Struggling through the heavy rain with their cases, Gwyn tells her he is staying and she leaves him behind. Alison has become completely possessed by the legend and collapses. Huw takes her inside as scratches and feathers appear all over her. In panic, Roger attempts to help, but Gwyn refuses. Finally, Roger manages to talk Alison out of her state by realising the pattern on the plates was of flowers, not owls.
Reception and reviews.
During a test screening of episode one prior to broadcast, the concern was raised that the story was difficult to follow, so recap sequences were added to the start of each episode which explained the story so far. On original broadcast, due to a technicians' strike, the series was transmitted in black and white.
Many contemporary reviews were complimentary about the production although some expressed the concern that it was not suitable for younger viewers. "The Observer" said that it was "far more than an ordinary children's story" and made comment on "the adult passions working themselves out in the three adolescents". "The Sun" commented that the serial would have the whole family "glued" for the next eight weeks, stating that it was "the most gripping, creepy serial we have seen on TV for a long time". After the first episode was screened, the "Daily Mail" said that it had "all the makings of a first class horror story". In 1970, ITV nominated the series for the Prix Jeunesse - the leading award for children's films. The series failed to succeed as Plummer later explained: ""the jury in Munich found it 'deeply disturbing' and questioned whether it was not indeed reprehensible to offer such material to young people"" Owing to this the series proved difficult to sell to overseas companies. During the 1980s however, many did purchase the series and was screened for the first time in countries such as Spain and Ireland. Still, some cuts were made to the episodes (such as Gwyn's "Dirty-minded bitch" line and Alison's scream in the final episode) although perhaps the most striking scene - a sequence from episode 3 depicting Gwyn's struggle with Alison in what appears to be a simulation of rape - remained intact. Today, "The Owl Service" is considered by many to be a landmark in children's drama and has been hailed as a classic production and daring in its presentation.
The serial was repeated in 1978, for the first time in colour. This resulted in Granada placing an endcap with a copyright date of 1978 which might have confused viewers who didn't realise it was actually produced nine years earlier. According to the TV Times, this repeat was a tribute to cameraman David Wood who had died a few months earlier. No reference was made to the murder of Michael Holden (who had been killed in an unprovoked pub attack the previous year). A further repeat took place on Channel 4 in 1987. Despite its success, "The Owl Service" was never issued on video, but was released on DVD in April 2008.
An audio dramatisation of "The Owl Service" was produced and transmitted by BBC Radio 4 in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19214054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214054" title="Anabuki Station">
Anabuki Station

Layout.
The station consist of a 1 island platform on the ground level, and is a manned station with Midori no Madoguchi.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku
 

</doc>
<doc id="19214083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214083" title="Oshima Station">
Oshima Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19214090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214090" title="Salvadoraceae">
Salvadoraceae

Salvadoraceae is a family in the plant order Brassicales, comprising 3 genera totalling around 12 species. They occur in Africa, including Madagascar; South East Asia; and have also been found on Java, suggesting they are probably found in much of Malesia. They are often found in hot, dry areas.
Salvadoraceae were previously placed in order Celestrales, but are now placed in Brassicales.

</doc>
<doc id="19214091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214091" title="Thomas Shaw (composer)">
Thomas Shaw (composer)

Thomas Shaw (c.1752 Bath-c.1830 Paris) was an English violinist and composer. His father, also Thomas Shaw, was a leading string player and early 18th-century concert director in Bath, England. Shaw's earliest known performance was in Bath in April 1769, but he was clearly an accomplished player by then, for during the following autumn and spring of 1770 he led the orchestra in Thomas Linley's subscription concerts. He was a member of the theatre band in 1771 and his first known composition, an overture, was performed in a concert at the end of December. By 1772 he was playing his own compositions in Bath and Bristol but difficulties with Thomas Linley made London a more attractive centre for him and his last known performance in Bath was in November 1774. That same year "Six Favourite Minuets" by Shaw were published by Thomas Whitehead in Bath.
In 1776 Shaw was admitted to the Royal Society of Musicians and was a member of the Drury Lane band by 1778. From 1786 until the early 19th century he led the band, and Charles Dibdin thought him a much better leader than Covent Garden's Alexander Gottlieb Baumgarten. By 1790 Shaw had published some promising instrumental works and compiled an afterpiece opera, "The Island of St Marguerite" which premiered at Drury Lane on 13 November 1789). In 1791, he wrote an overture for the revival of Michael Arne's "Cymon"; both these overtures were published in parts, probably in the early 1790s to judge from their title pages. Thereafter Shaw composed only the occasional song for Drury Lane, even though he later became one of the theatre's proprietors. Sheridan's failure to pay him led to severe financial difficulties, and his debts eventually drove him abroad. He seems to have been in Paris when he composed the funeral anthem for Princess Charlotte of Wales in 1817, which was published soon after. 
Shaw may have entertained Haydn to lunch on 14 September 1791; Haydn confided in his second London notebook that Mrs Shaw was ‘the most beautiful woman I ever saw’.

</doc>
<doc id="19214095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214095" title="Sadamitsu Station">
Sadamitsu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19214109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214109" title="Carll House">
Carll House

Carll House can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19214113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214113" title="Awa-Handa Station">
Awa-Handa Station

Layout.
Awa-Handa is a single-platform, single-track station. A second track serving the platform has been discontinued.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku
 

</doc>
<doc id="19214144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214144" title="Eguchi Station">
Eguchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19214170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214170" title="Mikamo Station">
Mikamo Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19214198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214198" title="Awa-Kamo Station">
Awa-Kamo Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19214214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214214" title="Baroot">
Baroot

Baroot is a town and union council of Hub Tehsil, Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19214215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214215" title="Tsuji Station">
Tsuji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19214242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214242" title="Hachijō-kojima">
Hachijō-kojima

Geography.
Orientated in the same northwest to southeast direction as Hachijō-jima, the 1.3 x 3 km Hachijōkojima is surrounded by high cliffs. The summit of the island is the mountain with a height of . Located in the Kuroshio Current, the area has abundant sea life, and is popular with sports fishermen and scuba divers.
History.
During the Heian period, Minamoto no Tametomo was banished to Izu Ōshima after a failed rebellion, but per a semi-legendary story, escaped to Hachijōjima, where he attempted to establish an independent kingdom, and he built his castle on the more easily defended Hachijōkojima. Although the legend has not been verified with historical or archaeological evidence, Hachijōkojima has been inhabited since at least the Muromachi period. As with neighboring Hachijōjima, during the Edo period, the island was a place for exile of convicts. As the strait separating Hachijōkojima from Hachijōjima has a strong current preventing escape by raft or swimming, the more serious criminals were isolated on the island. Its use as a prison came to an end in the Meiji period. During this time, there were two hamlets on the island: in the northeast, and in the southwest. These hamlets became part of the town of Hachijō in 1955. The population peaked at 513 residents in the Meiji period, but by 1955 the population had shrunk to only 50. In 1965, the remaining residents voted to abandon the island, citing lack of basic public services (including electricity, health care and schools) and the island's inability to support more than a very basic subsistence lifestyle. There have been no residents of Hachijōkojima since 1969, when the last group of 31 left the island.

</doc>
<doc id="19214290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214290" title="Juan José Navarro, 1st Marquis of la Victoria">
Juan José Navarro, 1st Marquis of la Victoria

Juan José de Navarro Viana y Búfalo (Messina, November 30, 1687 – Isla de León Cadiz, February 5, 1772) was a Spanish military officer, "Marqués de la Victoria" and first Captain General of the Spanish Navy.
He was the son of Ignacio de Navarro, a Spanish Army captain and Livia Búfalo, a Sicilian noblewoman.
He entered the Spanish Army at the age of eight and fought in the War of Spanish Succession in Italy. In 1708 he fought the Moors in Oran, where his brother Ramón was killed and his father died in captivity. In 1709 he returned to Spain and fought in the Battle of Almenar and the Battle of Zaragoza, where he was made prisoner by the troops of Guido Starhemberg.
After the signing of the Peace of Utrecht, he became captain of his late father's company, and participated in the pacification of Catalonia.
After the war, he joined the Navy and at the outbreak of the War of the Quadruple Alliance, he sailed on the "Real" to Sardinia and Sicily with the Army under the Marquis of Lede, and took part in their conquest as part of the Spanish Navy Marines.
Navarro was also an important author of several books on military theory.
Under protection of José Patiño, he rose through the ranks.
In 1732, he participated in the conquest of Oran under the Duke of Montemar and played an important role in covering the landing troops by the use of his naval guns.
In the War of Austrian Succession he won his greatest victory in beating a British fleet in the Battle of Toulon (1744). He was promoted to lieutenant general (Teniente Géneral) and received the title of marqués de la Victoria (marquis of Victory).
After the battle his fleet remained locked up in Cartagena, by a fleet of 21 ships under Rear-Admiral William Rowley.
On March 15, 1750 he became Director General of the Armada.
Six years later he finished his "Diccionario demostrativo de la configuración y anatomía de toda arquitectura naval moderna". He had entered the Real Academia Española in 1740.
In 1759, he commanded the convoy of 36 ships that brought Charles III, the new King of Spain, from Naples to Spain. His flagship was the "El Fénix" (80 guns) with his son-in-law Gutierre de Hevia as captain. For this save passage, he received a golden baton and was made Captain General of the Spanish Navy on December 13 of that year. 
The last assignment of the 80-year-old Marqués de la Victoria, was to organize a squadron of nine ships which escorted Infanta María Louisa to her husband Leopold II, Holy Roman Emperor, and brought back Maria Luisa of Parma, who was to marry Charles IV of Spain.
Navarro died of Gangrene at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="19214416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214416" title="Peter Guilday">
Peter Guilday

Monsignor Peter Keenan Guilday (March 25, 1884 - July 31, 1947) US Catholic priest and historian, born in Chester, Pennsylvania of Irish parents. He studied for the priesthood at St. Charles Borromeo Seminary, Overbrook PA. He gained his PhD from Louvain University with a dissertation on "The English Colleges and Convents in the Catholic Low Countries, 1558–1795." Peter Guilday taught at Catholic University of America (from 1914), and was principal editor of the "Catholic Historical Review" (from 1915 to 1941), and cofounder of the American Catholic Historical Association (1919). His writings established him as the period's leading scholar in Catholic Church history. In 1924 Guilday was elected a fellow of the Royal Historical Society, in 1935 he was made a domestic prelate of his church by Pope Pius XI. 
Works.
"Life and Times of John Caroll," 1922
"Life and Times of John England," 1927

</doc>
<doc id="19214450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214450" title="The Crest">
The Crest

The Crest may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19214452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214452" title="Apostolic Church">
Apostolic Church

Apostolic Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19214459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214459" title="Pathra">
Pathra

Pathra is a town and union council of Hub Tehsil, Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19214512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214512" title="Pantanal Futebol Clube">
Pantanal Futebol Clube

Pantanal Futebol Clube, usually known simply as Pantanal, is a Brazilian football (soccer) club based in Corumbá, Mato Grosso do Sul.
History.
In 1987, the club was founded under the name Ladário Futebol Clube. In 2003, the club was renamed to Ladário Pantanal Futebol Clube, then, in 2004 the club was renamed to Pantanal Futebol Clube.
Stadiums.
Pantanal Futebol Clube plays in two stadiums, Estádio Arthur Marinho, which has a maximum capacity of 10,000 people and is located in Corumbá, and Estádio Vicente Fortunato, which has a maximum capacity of 3,500 people and is located in Ladário.

</doc>
<doc id="19214514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214514" title="Sakran">
Sakran

Sakran is a town and union council of Hub Tehsil, Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19214536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214536" title="Redonda Mesa">
Redonda Mesa

Redonda Mesa is a tall mesa located in the Southern Santa Ana Mountains near the Pacific Ocean. It is in an unincorporated area of southwestern Riverside County, California, United States. Redonda Mesa is part of the Peninsular Ranges, and stands up at above sea level.
Geography and views.
Redonda Mesa lies almost right on the Riverside-San Diego County Line, just a couple miles northeast of Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton and west of Temecula. The views from atop this mesa are redundant on clear days in all directions, to the south one can see Oceanside, Fallbrook, De Luz and Bonsall. To the north, one can see more of the interior Santa Ana Mountains. To the east, the Temecula Valley is below, as well as Anza and the San Jacinto Mountains further east. To the west, one sees more of Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, the some of the last major undeveloped coastal land in Southern California, the Pacific Ocean as well as Santa Catalina Island on very clear days, and one can see parts of coastal city San Clemente northwest in lower Orange County. This mesa is also covered in coastal sage scrub, some of the last remaining in Southern California.
History.
In the late 1960s the top of Redonda Mesa (along with several parcels in the valley below) were purchased from the Rancho California Land Company by Edward E. Sharp of Newport Beach, California, a leading real estate broker in the region. 
During the 1970s, prior to the development of fiber optic transmission capabilities, the mesa's unrestricted views from San Diego to Orange County made it the ideal location for a microwave relay station which was the backbone of telephone communications in the era. AT&T purchased at the top of Redonda Mesa from the Sharp Family Trust and in about 1981 completed constructing a high tower with numerous white "cones" pointed toward transmission and receiving stations in the Oceanside and San Clemente areas. The tower served the region for about a decade and then fell into disuse as new technologies took over. 
In 2000, looking to divest itself of the surplus property, AT&T sold Redonda Mesa back to the Sharp Family Trust who in turn sold it to Herb Massinger who liked the tower and intended to turn its unique architecture and spectacular views into his dream home.

</doc>
<doc id="19214538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214538" title="The Crest (Huntington, New York)">
The Crest (Huntington, New York)

The Crest is a historic house on Eatons Neck in Suffolk County, New York. Although on the land mass of Eatons Neck, the house today is within the jurisdiction of the Incorporated Village of Asharoken. According to the National Register of Historic Places, on which the house is listed, it has also been known as Hasbrouk-DeLamater House and as Robinson House. Another name for the house is Walnut Crest. 
The house was built in 1902 for Oakley Ramshon DeLamater who presented the house as a gift to his wife, Elizabeth Hasbrouk DeLamater. Oakley R. DeLamater was the grandson of Cornelius H. DeLamater, who owned the DeLamater Iron Works located where 13th Street meets the Hudson River in New York City. The ironworks is where the turret and machinery was built for the ironclad USS Monitor during the Civil War. The estate, originally named "Walnut Crest" was built on a high crest of land overlooking Walnut Neck. Walnut Neck is a peninsula on the south side of Eatons Neck. 
The house was designed by Harry E. Donnell, who was married to another grandchild of Cornelius H. DeLamater.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19214563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214563" title="1988 Eagle Classic – Singles">
1988 Eagle Classic – Singles

Brad Gilbert was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Mikael Pernfors won the title, defeating Glenn Layendecker 6–2, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19214575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214575" title="Windar">
Windar

Windar or Winder is a town and union council of Hub Tehsil in Balochistan province, Pakistan. It is located at 25°23'14N 66°39'55E with an altitude of 8 metres (29 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19214581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214581" title="Kemistry (album)">
Kemistry (album)

Kemistry is the debut studio album by R&B singer/songwriter Kem. The album was released on February 25, 2003. The song "Love Calls" was released as a single and reached #25 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. The album peaked at #90 on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold by the RIAA 16 months after its release with an excess of 500,000 copies sold.
Track listing.
All songs written by Kem.

</doc>
<doc id="19214599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214599" title="Kanraj">
Kanraj

Kanraj is a town and union council of Uthal Tehsil, Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19214610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214610" title="Khenwari">
Khenwari

Khenwari is a town and union council of Uthal Tehsil, Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19214639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214639" title="Ancient Diocese of Stavanger">
Ancient Diocese of Stavanger

The former Catholic Diocese of Stavanger, in Norway, included the ( modern ) counties of Rogaland, Vest-Agder and Aust-Agder - together with the regions of Valdres and Hallingdal ( and the parishes of Eidfjord and Røldal from Hordaland ). It existed from the beginning of the twelfth century to the Protestant Reformation.
History.
It was formed early in the twelfth century out of the southern portion of the Diocese of Bergen, which had included until then the whole of Western Norway ( Gulating ). Reinald, an Englishman and most probably a Benedictine monk from Winchester Cathedral, was the first Bishop of Stavanger. With the money given him in 1128 by King Sigurd Jorsalefarer, for allowing that monarch to marry one Cecilia during the lifetime of his consort Queen Malmfrid, Reinald began the cathedral and founded the chapter. He was hanged at Bergen in 1135 by King Harald Gille upon his refusing to pay fifteen marks of gold to that monarch, who suspected him of concealing the treasures belonging to King Magnus IV of Norway. 
Reinald's successor, John Birgerssön, was translated to the archdiocese of Trondhjem in 1152, as was also Bishop Eric Ivarssön in 1188. The great quarrel lasting from 1294 to 1303, which Bishop Arne ( 1276 – 1303 ) had with his chapter, was terminated only by the intervention of King Haakon, who decided in favour of the chapter and decreed, among other things, that they should have a voice in all nominations to, and deprivations of, benefices in the diocese. Bishop Gutterm Paalssön ( 1343 – 1350 ) died of the Black Death. His successor, Arne Aslakssön, also died suddenly at Avignon, where he had gone to seek a dispensation "super defectu natalium". 
Consequently Pope Clement VI appointed Sigfrid, a Swedish Dominican, Bishop of Stavanger by papal provision in 1351. Most of his successors were appointed in the same way after agreement with the king. In 1352 Sigfrid was transferred to Oslo, while Gyrd Aslessön, who had just been appointed to that bishopric, had to accept in 1354 the less lucrative See of Stavanger. He was soon succeeded by Botolph Asbjornssön ( 1355 – 1381 ), who gave his library to the chapter and compiled a Domesday Book ( "Jordebog" ) for the diocese. It has since disappeared. Bishop Audum Eivindssön ( 1426 – 1455 ) built many churches and gave the episcopal tithes of Valdres to the Brigittines of Munkalif Abbey near Bergen in 1441 in their hour of need. The last Catholic bishop was Hoskuld Hoskuldsson ( 1513 – 1537 ), who was taken prisoner by Thord Rod at Bergen and died there.
The only monastery of importance was the Augustinian Abbey of Utstein founded about 1280. The bishops of Stavanger had many disputes with the abbots of Utstein. In 1537 the abbey was handed over to Thrond Ivarssön, who had, however, to maintain the monks. Other monasteries are said to have existed in the Diocese of Stavanger, but little or nothing is known of them. There was a hospital dedicated to St. Peter at Stavanger itself.

</doc>
<doc id="19214668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214668" title="Lakhra">
Lakhra

Lakhra is a town and union council of Uthal Tehsil in Balochistan province, Pakistan. It is located at 25°51'54"N 66°27'6"E with an altitude of 12 metres (42 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19214688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214688" title="Niles Young">
Niles Young

Niles Young (born May 7, 1982) is an American professional wrestler who competes in Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic independent promotions including NWA Force One Pro Wrestling, Chikara, Combat Zone Wrestling, Future of Wrestling, the Eastern Wrestling Alliance, Hardway Wrestling, International Wrestling Syndicate, Maryland Championship Wrestling, and UWA Hardcore Wrestling. He currently competes in Combat Zone Wrestling under the ring name Sozio.
Career.
Combat Zone Wrestling.
Young was trained by the CZW Wrestling Academy and made his debut at "CZW Divide and Conquer" in a tag team match with Jude against Jon Dahmer and Cory Kastle on March 8, 2003. He continued teaming with Jude and later lost to Derek Frazier and Z-Barr a "Tag Scramble" match with Jon Dahmer and Cory Kastle and Rick Feinberg and the Hurricane Kid at "CZW Then And Now" on May 10. 
He also began wrestling in single matches losing to Jon Dahmer in a three-way match with The Grim Reefer at "CZW Truth Or Consequences" on June 14. Later that month, he and Jude were beat by Adam Flash and Ian Knoxx at "CZW Extreme 8". On July 20, Young entered a gauntlet match to receive a title shot at the IWA Mid-South Junior Heavyweight Championship at "CZW Deja Vu 2" but the match was instead won by Sonjay Dutt. He also lost to Ian Knoxx in a six-way match with Chris Cash, Rick Feinberg, Cory Kastle and Jude at "CZW Tournament of Death II" on July 26. The match was officiated by special referee Jon Dahmer. 
Young lost two more three-way matches, one involving Cory Kastle and GQ at "CZW Aftermath" on August 9, and the second with Ian Knoxx and Chris Cash at CZW Redefined on September 13. On October 4, he lost to Cory Kastle in a singles match as well as in a three-way tag team match with Jude against John Dahmer and Cory Kastle and DJ Hyde and Josh Samuels at "CZW Cage of Death V" on December 13, 2003.
On January 16, 2004, Young lost to Joker in a five-way match with Corey Kastle, Sabian and Jonny Storm. He also lost to Jon Dahmer in a four-way match with GQ and Cory Kastle the next night. Although initially rivals, the two having faced each other in matches the previous year, Young and Cory Kastle began teaming together as CKNY during the summer of 2004. At "CZW Overdrive", he and Kastle lost to All Money Is Legal (K-Murda and K-Pusha) in a three-way match with Nick Berk and Z-Barr to decide the number one contenders to the CZW World Tag Team Championship. On May 9, they lost matches Chri$ Ca$h & GQ and, in a three-way tag team match with Merc, lost to Jon Dahmer, DJ Hyde and Sean Bischop on August 14, 2004. 
On January 8, 2005, Young was pinned by Derek Frazier at "CZW Gen Z: The Transfusion" held at the New Alhambra Arena in Philadelphia. Entering Chikara's "2005 Tag World Grand Prix tournament" together, CKNY lost to another competing CZW team Jon Dahmer and DJ Hyde in the opening rounds on February 19, 2005. He also faced Beef Wellington losing to him in a four-way match with Spyral and Derek Frazier at a house show on March 12 and again at "CZW Violent By Design" on June 11. Feuding with Derek Frazier over the next few months, Young pinned him at "CZW High Stakes 3" on July 9. Fighting to a no-contest in a ladder match on August 13, he and Nate Webb lost to Ruckus and Derek Frazier at the "Chris Cash Tribute show" on September 10, 2005. During the match, both Young and his partner were pinned simultaneously.
On January 14, 2006, Young pinned Cloudy at "CZW Presents: An Afternoon of Main Events" held at the former ECW Arena. This event was later released on vhs and dvd. At "CZW Seven Years Strong: Settling the Score", Young was one of several junior heavyweight wrestlers involved in a gauntlet match for a title shot against CZW World Junior Heavyweight Champion Derek Frazier. Niles Young eliminated Heretic before Sabian pinned him. On March 11, Young defeated Derek Frazier, Sabian, Heretic and Cheech and Cloudy in a ladder match for the CZW World Junior Heavyweight Championship at "CZW Point of No Return". Two months later at the "CZW Best of the Best Tournament", Young refused to defend his title however he eventually faced and defeated Cloudy to retain the title. Young was attacked by Cloudy's tag team partner Cheech moments after the match, however. He and his new manager Chrissy Riviera would often come out to matches, such as during a triple threat ladder match between Jigsaw, Hallowicked and Danny Havoc, holding up signs to the crowd insulting rival wrestlers. They also attacked SeXXXy Eddy and LuFisto following a tag team match leading to a title match the following month. In April, Young made a surprise appearance at UWA Hardcore Wrestling "The Faded Line" show and announced that he would be defending his title in the opening match defeating both Prodigy and Devon Parkside in a three-way match.
In mid-2006, in June. After losing the CZW Junior Heavyweight title to SeXXXy Eddy at "CZW Prelude to Violence" on July 8, managerial services were won by Zac Conner and Bazooka Joe. Harlow formed a stable which included Zac Conner, Bazooka Joe, and Niles Young which became known as Hard Candy by Noel. On August 26, Young fought to a time limit draw with Chris Wyde at a show for Blackball'd Wrestling Organization. This was the first of a series of matches between him and Wyde for the promotion. 
On September 9, Niles Young and Jon Dahmer lost a three-way tag team match to Team AnDrew (Andy Sumner and Drew Gulak) at the "CZW Chris Cash Memorial show". He later lost to Luke at "CZW Fear" held at the Frightland Fairgrounds on Middletown, Delaware. He also lost to SeXXXy Eddy in a four-way match with Gran Akuma and Max Boyer on November 11. Defeated Derek Frazier at an Eastern Wrestling Alliance show in Essex, Maryland on December 2, Young lost an 8-man tag team match with Gran Akuma, Icarus and Player Uno to Max Boyer, Ricochet, Chuck Taylor and Beef Wellington a week later. Young and Frazier defeated Team AnDrew for the titles on October 13. Although successfully defending the titles against Jon Dahmer and Danny Demanto on November 10, they lost to DJ Hyde and Core in a non-title match at "EWA Cold Fury" on December 2 and lost the titles to Dahmer and Demanto less than a week later. Niles Young currently wrestles regularly for Combat Zone Wrestling, NWA Force One Pro Wrestling, RCW (Maryland), WPW (Reading, Pa), and various promotions throughout Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19214712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214712" title="4 (2007 film)">
4 (2007 film)

4 is a 2007 Australian documentary film directed by Tim Slade exploring Antonio Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons" through the eyes of four violinists in four countries. Each musician represents a season appropriate to his or her country: Sayaka Shoji plays Spring in Japan, Niki Vasilakis plays Summer in Australia, Cho-Liang Lin plays Autumn in the United States, and Pekka Kuusisto plays Winter in Finland.
The film was nominated for two Australian Film Institute Awards, an International Documentary Association Award, as well as awards at the Banff World Television Festival. It won several awards, including a Gold HUGO in Chicago. It has sold to more than 20 international broadcasters and screened at more than 25 international film festivals.
It screened on NHK in Japan in December 2010, and on PBS stations in the USA in May 2011, and continues to sell via DVD in Australia, New Zealand and the United States, as well as via online sales.
Box Office.
"4" took $118,270 at the box office in Australia.
It grossed back its production budget via theatrical release, broadcast, DVD, CD Soundtrack and ancillary sales.

</doc>
<doc id="19214714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214714" title="Karen Struthers">
Karen Struthers

Karen Struthers (born 19 February 1963) is an Australian politician. She represented the electoral district of Algester in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from its inception at the 2001 state election until her defeat in the 2012 election. She first entered Parliament at the 1998 election, winning the seat of Archerfield after the retirement of sitting member Len Ardill. She was promoted to the front bench on 12 February 2004 as Parliamentary Secretary to the Premier (Multicultural Affairs) and Minister for Trade. She was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Employment, Training and Industrial Relations on 28 July 2012 and became Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Health on 13 September 2006. In March 2009, she was promoted to the Cabinet as Minister for Community Services and Housing and Minister for Women.

</doc>
<doc id="19214787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214787" title="Kate Jones">
Kate Jones

Kate Jennifer Jones (born 10 April 1979) is a former Australian politician and Queensland Government minister. She is a member of the Australian Labor Party and was elected in the seat of state electorate of Ashgrove in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland in 2006 which was previously held by former Speaker Jim Fouras (ALP). She was the Minister for Environment, Resource Management and Climate Change until 19 June 2011.
Jones was the youngest woman in the Queensland Parliament and the youngest Minister in the Queensland Government.
Education and community involvement.
Jones attended Kelvin Grove State High School in Kelvin Grove. She completed her Bachelor of Arts in Politics and Journalism at the Queensland University of Technology while working part-time at The Gap Markets. She is completing her Masters in Environmental Law through the Australian National University.
Jones is a member of the Ashgrove Historical Society, Ashgrove Climate Change Action Group and sits on the management committee of the Enoggera Respite Centre. She is also a member of The Fred Hollows Foundation and World Vision.
Political career.
Before entering Parliament, Jones worked as a Senior Media Adviser to Queensland Minister for Public Works, Housing and Racing Robert Schwarten and as Media Adviser to former Queensland Treasurer David Hamill.
Jones was elected to state Parliament for the seat of Ashgrove at the 2006 general election to succeed Jim Fouras, who had served as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly during the 1990s. After retaining her seat in the 2009 election, she was appointed Minister for Climate Change and Sustainability in the new Bligh cabinet, replacing Andrew McNamara.
Personal life.
Kate Jones is married to Paul Cronin (former chief media adviser to Queensland Premiers Anna Bligh and Peter Beattie, and who now heads media relations at Queensland Rail). They have a son, Thomas Anthony Cronin, who was born in 2010.
2012 Election.
Jones stood down from cabinet on 19 June 2011 to focus on defending her seat against newly elected LNP leader Campbell Newman at the 2012 state election.
Jones did not fly Labor's colours; in a tactic copied from Kevin Rudd, Labor's red-and-blue logo has vanished, replaced by Jones's lolly-pink campaign colours. Jones had her supporters wearing pink t-shirts with the words Keep Kate.
At that election, Jones was soundly defeated, suffering a 13 percent swing as part of the LNP's massive victory. Newman became Premier.

</doc>
<doc id="19214820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214820" title="Liari">
Liari

Liari is a town and union council of Uthal Tehsil in Balochistan province, Pakistan. It is located at 25°41'20N 66°29'26E with an altitude of 11 metres (39 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19214823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214823" title="Riverhawks">
Riverhawks

Riverhawks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19214843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214843" title="Sheh">
Sheh

Sheh is a town and union council of Uthal Tehsil in Balochistan province, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19214847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214847" title="Isla de León">
Isla de León

Isla de León is a historical name for the piece of land between the city of Cádiz and the Spanish peninsula.
In 1813 it was renamed San Fernando in honour of King Fernando VII of Spain for his courage in the defense of the city during the Siege of Cádiz by the French.

</doc>
<doc id="19214857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214857" title="Steve Wettenhall">
Steve Wettenhall

Stephen Peter Arthur Wettenhall (born 15 February 1963) was the Australian Labor Party Member of the Parliament of Queensland for Barron River. He was first elected in the 2006 Queensland state election, and was defeated in the 2012 state election.
Politics.
Born in Melbourne, he obtained his Bachelor of Arts and Laws at Monash University where he was politically active on campus and was elected by the student body as Chair of the Monash Association of Students. He established his own legal firm in Cairns in 1993. For the next 13 years he specialised in criminal defence advocacy. His firm expanded and accepted instructions in a wide variety of matters including criminal injuries compensation and discrimination and employment cases. He also continued to represent indigenous clients in Cape York and was retained periodically by Aboriginal legal services in the Torres Strait, Gulf of Carpentaria, Mount Isa and Cairns to represent their clients. He takes a very strong and active interest in environment and conservation issues and has served two terms as President of the Cairns and Far North Environment Centre. In February 2011, he was appointed Parliamentary Secretary assisting the Premier and for Economic Development in the Far North
State committee service.
Wettenhall was a member of the panel of temporary Speakers, the Legal, Constitutional and Administrative Review Committee, and the Investigation into Altruistic Surrogacy Select Committee. He also sat on various the Parliamentary Caucus Committees.
He was also a member of the Regional Queensland Council reporting to the Minister for Communities. In this role he was an "ex officio" member of the FNQ Regional Disability Council, a ministerial advisory body, and also chairs the FNQ Ministerial Regional Community Forums.

</doc>
<doc id="19214865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214865" title="Wayara">
Wayara

Wayara or Wayaro is a town and union council of Uthal Tehsil in Balochistan province, Pakistan. It is located at 26°3'27N 66°30'12E with an altitude of 53 metres (177 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19214871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214871" title="Ogasawara Subprefecture">
Ogasawara Subprefecture

The subprefecture covers 104.41 square km and 2,415 people.
The Ogasawara Islands refer to a scattered group of islands in the Northwest Pacific south of the Japanese main island of Honshū. They consist of the Ogasawara archipelago, the Volcano ("Io" or "Iwo") Islands and several isolated islands.
History.
Until 1830, the Ogasawara Islands were uninhabited and thus called "Muninjima" (meaning "uninhabited island"). This Japanese name was transliterated or transformed into the more widely known English name—the Bonin Islands.
These Bonin Islands (the Ogasawara archipelago) are composed of the three island groups:
These main island clusters are encompassed within the Tokyo prefectural administrative area known as the Ogasawara Subprefecture; but only the islands of the Ogawawara archipelago are traditionally considered to be the Bonin Islands. These geologically older and larger islands are traditionally considered distinct from the administratively-related but geologically newer and smaller island clusters and other isolated outcroppings in this part of the Pacific.
Okinotorishima was added to the subprefecture in 1930.
The current Japanese administrative structure has its historical organizational roots in the post-war occupation of these strategically positioned Pacific islands. In the 23 years that UN Trust Territory was administered by the Americans, the region was known as the Bonin-Volcano Islands. Prior to repatriation in 1968, this military strategic area remained under the control of U.S. military occupation forces.
Geography.
The three main groups which comprise the archipelago. All the islands together comprise only 61 square kilometers; and they are:
Development.
Lessons learned the hard way from the experience of the Galapagos Islands are potentially paradoxical. The ecosystem fragility is well documented; and it suggests comparisons with the cautious development history of the Galapagos.
The islanders also stress the uniquely multicultural roots of the Ogasawara life, where roughly one-tenth of the Japanese population is descended from early European and American settlers, with some families going back up to seven generations.

</doc>
<doc id="19214876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214876" title="Russkiy Toy">
Russkiy Toy

The Russian Toy (also in Russia called the Russkiy Toy, ) is a very small breed of dog originally bred in isolation in Russia from the English Toy Terrier which is known today as the Manchester Terrier. There are two types, smooth haired/coated and long haired, which were known by a variety of different names until brought together under the same standard as the Russkiy Toy in 2000. The breed was nearly wiped out twice; first following in the 1920s with the rise of Communism due to the toy dog's traditional link to the aristocracy and secondly in the 1990s with the influx of foreign breeds following the fall of the Iron Curtain. The smooth haired type is the older of the two, with the long haired type first appearing in 1958.
Until the 1990s, the breed was almost unknown outside of Russia, and so relatively few details on associated health issues are known. The Russkiy Toy was bred as a rat fighter and as a watchdog originally, and can still exhibit the vocalization expected from the latter. It is a friendly dog and can become very attached to a family unit. The breed has been recognized by a couple of international kennel clubs, and is registered in the Foundation Stock Service of the American Kennel Club. Due to its size and similarities to the chihuahua, the two are often compared.
Description.
The Russkiy Toy is one of the smallest breeds in the world, measuring between to and weighing anywhere between and . It has a small distinctive head with large eyes and triangular ears. In countries where docking is prohibited, the tail is curved in the shape of a sickle.There are two types in the breed, distinguished by their coats; one is long haired, and the other smooth coated. The only differences between the two types is the long hair on the ears of the long haired type which is usually 3–5cm long and can be straight or with a slight wave. Long haired dogs will grow a fringe on their ears by the age of three which should completely cover the outer edges and tips of their ears.
The smooth haired type of the breed closely resembles the Pražský Krysařík breed of the Czech Republic. The Pražský on average is a little shorter, but a little heavier than the Russkiy Toy.
Both of the varieties can be crossed and produce smooth and long haired puppies from the same litter. In addition, when two smooth coated dogs are bred together, they may occasionally bear a long haired offspring if the long hair blood is present in their pedigrees. However there have been no records of two long haired Russkiy Toys breeding together and producing smooth coated offspring.
The breed has five main colors, black and tan, blue and tan, brown and tan, sable or solid red of various shades.
Health.
A Russkiy Toy will often require veterinarian assistance in changing from its puppy teeth to its adult set. Without this surgery, two rows of teeth will form which can cause gum infections, bad breath and prevent the permanent adult set from coming forward.
As with most breeds of dog, the Russkiy Toy can suffer from patellar luxation, which is where the knee cap slips out of place when the knee bends as the groove that normally holds it in place is too shallow. It is usually an inherited defect, which occurs during the development of the foetus and rarely by trauma.
Russkiy Toys can suffer from bone fractures due to their small and sometimes delicate nature. There have been reports of severe allergic reactions to certain types of flea medication and the rabies vaccine, causing epileptic seizures in some dogs.
Temperament.
Active and cheerful, the Russkiy Toy was originally bred both as an anti-rat dog and a watch dog. The second quality is still active in the breed, and they can be very vocal. They can become quite attached to their family, regardless of the ages of the family members.
Russian Toy usually is very reserved with strangers, but very loyal to his owner, that he chooses once and for all and is ready to protect him from any perceived danger.
History.
The first evidence of English style terriers in Russia can be seen in the Museum of Zoology in Saint Petersburg. On display is an English style terrier dated 1716–1726 with a sign that reads "This dog is a short hair terrier named Lizetta. It personally belonged to the Russian Emperor Peter the Great. Towards the start of the 20th century, the English Toy Terrier was one of the most popular toy dog breeds in Russia. Between 1920 and 1950, their numbers were greatly diminished following the October Revolution as these types of dogs were linked to the aristocracy and frowned upon. When the breeding was restarted almost all of the dogs used had no pedigrees or were even purebred.
The original long haired Russkiy is considered to be a dog named Chikki who was born on 12 October 1958 from two smooth haired terriers. One its parents had no recorded pedigree, but had slightly longer hair than normal. Chikki was mated with a female named Irma, who had longer hair than normal and together they had three long haired puppies.
The political isolation of the country at the time caused the creation of a whole new breed as breeders sought to stabilise the toy sized terriers at the time into a standard breed. The first standard for the two varieties was written in 1966 and authorized by the Ministry of Agriculture. After the fall of the Iron Curtain, a number of foreign small breed dogs were imported, and this caused the popularity of the Russkiy Toy to decline. By the 1990s, the long haired type of Russkiy Toy had hit critical numbers, but luckily a resurgence occurred due to a new generation of dog breeders. Until this time the breed was virtually unknown outside of its homeland.
The Russian / Russkiy Toy was recognised by the Federation Cynologique Internationale in 2006 
With the United Kennel Club in 2008. 
Russian Toys are also recognized by the American Rare Breed Association, North American Kennel Club and International All Breed Canine Association. 
AKC History.
Information directly from the American Kennel Club, Foundation Stock the AKC Foundation Stock Service, FSS, accepted the Russian Toy into FSS – August 2008. 
Also in August 2008, the AKC board and FSS acknowledged the club, Russian Toy Club of America (RTCA) Russian Toy Club of America, Inc. Russian Toy Club. 
In 2009 the AKC board and FSS acknowledged the club,the Russian Toy Dog Club of America Inc. (RTDCA) 
In 2010 the Russian Toy Dog Club of America(RTDCA) decided to also work for being the National Club for the Russian Toy breed in The United Kennel Club of America (UKC). In UKC the Russian Toy Dog Club of America Inc.will now be know as the Russkiy Toy Dog Club of America Inc.(RTDCA) [http://therusskiytoyclubofamerica.com]
In 2013 the Russian Toy Dog of America/Russkiy Toy Dog Club of America Inc. (RTDCA) was asked by AKC to separate into two distinct clubs with different officers to form two independently different clubs. One club to represent the AKC club and the other club to represent the UKC Club. 
The AKC Russian Toy Dog Club of America (RTDCA, Inc.) added the word "The" to their name making it The Russian Toy Dog Club of America Inc.(TRTDCA) www.the-russian-toy-dog-club-of-america.comin order to distinguish them from the UKC Russkiy Toy Dog Club of America (RTDCA,Inc.) 
The Russian Toy Dog Club of America Inc. (TRTDCA)..
In August 2013 AKC has stated that the two clubs RTCA & TRTDCA MUST combine into one club to represent the Russian Toy breed in the AKC club. 
In July 2009 the Russian Toy was approved to compete in AKC companion events from 1 January 2010 onwards. Russian Toys can also been shown and earn Certificate of Merit Points at FSS Open shows. 

</doc>
<doc id="19214879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214879" title="Kev Lingard">
Kev Lingard

Kevin Rowson "Kev" Lingard (born 14 August 1942) is an Australian politician. He was a National (Liberal National from 2008 onwards) member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1983 to 2009.
Lingard first entered state parliament as the member for Fassifern at the 1983 state election. He held the seat until its abolition at the 1992 state election, upon which he won the replacement seat of Beaudesert. He remained the member for Beaudesert until his retirement at the 2009 state election.
Lingard served as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from February to November 1987. He resigned the Speakership to accept the position of Minister for Health and Environment in the dying days of the Joh Bjelke-Petersen premiership. He held the job for just a week until Mike Ahern became Premier of Queensland on 1 December 1987 and Lingard was not included in the ministry. Lingard again became Speaker in September 1989, retaining the position until November that year, when his party lost the 1989 state election.
Lingard served as Deputy Leader of the National Party from 1992 to 1998. When the National Party returned to government in 1996, Lingard was appointed Minister for Families, Youth and Community Care under the premiership of Rob Borbidge. He retained the portfolio until his party's loss at the 1998 state election.
At the March 2009 state election, Lingard retired as the member for Beaudesert and was replaced as Liberal National Party candidate by Aidan McLindon. 
Lingard was born in the Queensland town of Miles. He is married with two daughters and one son.

</doc>
<doc id="19214893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214893" title="Clan McCorquodale">
Clan McCorquodale

Clan McCorquodale is a Scottish clan, recognised by the Lord Lyon King of Arms, though without a chief so recognised. The last chief of the clan died in the 18th century. Because the clan does not have a recognised chief, it is considered an armigerous clan, and has no legal standing under Scots Law. Historically, the clan inhabited lands west of Loch Awe, in Argyll. These clan lands were centred at Loch Tromlee, where an island castle served as the clan seat. The line of Clan McCorquodale chiefs, first recorded in the 15th century, has been untraced since the 18th century.
Origin of the name.
The surname "McCorquodale" is an Anglicisation of the Gaelic "Mac Thorcadail" (or "MacCorcadail"), meaning "son of "Torcadal"". The Gaelic personal name "Torcadal" is of Norse origin and means "Thor's kettle" (a more romanticised meaning for the name has been given as "cauldron of the thunder spirit"). In 1881, the surname was most frequent in lands which constitute the current Paisley postcode area. This, more or less, corresponds with the Clan McCorquodale's traditional lands in Argyll. The clans "Macleod of the Lewes" and "Gunn" claim variations of this surname as septs of theirs. Septs are families which claimed allegiance to stronger chief and his clan, or that lived upon lands controlled by a stronger chief and his clan. The majority of those "McCorquodales" recorded in 1881 were located far from the traditional lands of these two clans.
History of the clan.
The founder of the clan, according to legend, was a Thorkil ("Torcadal") who was a member of the Scots army under Kenneth MacAlpin. The legendary story states that Alpin, father of Kenneth MacAlpin, was killed in battle, and his head was carried off by enemy Picts. Alpin's head was then displayed in the Pictish town of Camelon. The story goes on to state that the claimed ancestor of the McCorquodales, Thorkil, recovered Alpin's head. For this deed, Thorkil was said to have been rewarded with lands on Loch Awe side. Be that as it may, the earliest record of the clan occurs in the 15th century. The Barons McCorquodale are recorded at this time, as holding sway over lands in Argyll, west of Loch Awe. They were centred at Phantelane (Anglicised from the Scottish Gaelic: "Fionnt Eilean"), or the "white island". "Eilean-a-Bharain" (from Scottish Gaelic: "the baron's island") was located in Loch Tromlee, on which their castle was located. Today the loch has been affected by drainage, the site of the castle ruins is no longer always an island. At one point in time, the entire shore of Loch Awe from Avich to Ard-an-aiseig was owned by the chiefs of the clan.
In 1434 Ewan, son of Ewan Makcorquydill received a grant of lands. In his charter, Ewan was described as "Lord of Maintelan". According to Black, this refers to "Phanteland". As time passed the McCorquodales of Phantelands became the most prominent family of McCorquodales. In 1542, the lands held by the Barons McCorquodale where incorporated into a free barony. In 1556, the seal of Duncan McCorquodale of Phantelane bore the legend, "S.duncan.mak.corkatill", which surrounded a shield with, "a stag trippant couped halfway paleways". By 1612, Duncan was dead and his younger sons, Iain and Lachlan, were declared by the Privy Council as "notorious thieves and the supporters of Clan Gregour". These MacGregors were wanted for many crimes, including the theft of a brown mare from the deceased Duncan. The barony passed from Duncan to his son, Duncan. According to Moncreiffe, this baron seems to have had sons by different wives, as the legitimacy of his heirs was "hotly disputed between the two litters". In the 17th century the clan supported the Campbells in the Civil wars.
In 1645, while campaigning, Alasdair MacColla and his men marched along the shore of Loch Tromlee. MacColla ordered his men to leave the castle and lands of the McCorquodales to be left un-molested. At the same time, Baron McCorquodale had his men standing to with orders not to fire. However, one of McCorquodale's men opened fire upon MacColla's men, and as a result one Macdonald clansman was killed. In retaliation MacColla ordered the destruction of the island castle of the McCorquodales. Duncan McCorquodale of Phantelane was one of the Justices of the peace for Argyllshire, appointed in 1656 by Oliver Cromwell. In the 18th century, the last Baron McCorquodale to hold the clan lands around Loch Tromlee died, leaving the clan without a chief to this day. By the end of the 18th century there were McCorquodales living on Loch Aweside, who claimed to be descended from the legendary founder of the clan.
Clan profile.
Today, those who profess to be members of Clan McCorquodale are permitted to wear a crest badge which shows their allegiance to the clan. Crest badges are of relatively recent origin, and usually consist of strap and buckle surrounding the clan chief's heraldic crest and motto. The crest badge suitable for a member of Clan McCorquodale contains the Latin motto: "vivat rex", meaning "long live the king"; and the crest of "a stag at gaze proper attired gules". These two heraldic elements are derived from the coat of arms of "Duncan Macorquodaill of that Ilk", registered in 1672. These arms are recorded in the Lyon Register as "argent, a stag gules attired Or issuing from a fess wreathed of the second and third". In Scotland, it is against the law to appropriate the arms of another individual. Even the heraldic elements of the clan member's crest badge, "do not belong to members of Clan McCorquodale", but to the clan's chief (or last recognised chief).

</doc>
<doc id="19214894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214894" title="The Unfinished Twentieth Century">
The Unfinished Twentieth Century

In the 2001 book The Unfinished Twentieth Century, author Jonathan Schell suggests that an essential feature of the twentieth century was the development of humankind's capacity for self-destruction, with the rise in many forms of "policies of extermination". Schell goes on to suggest that the world now faces a clear choice between the abolition of all nuclear weapons, and full nuclearization, as the necessary technology and materials diffuse around the globe. 

</doc>
<doc id="19214908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214908" title="Lapstone Oval">
Lapstone Oval

Lapstone Oval is a sports stadium in Lapstone, New South Wales. It supports sport all year round. The name Lapstone Oval covers all of the 3 different types of sporting facilities and not just the rugby field as is thought be some people.
Facilities.
There are a few features at Lapstone Oval.
During the winter months there is a canteen running at the bottom of the netball club-house and a BBQ on the grass next to it. A mobile coffee van turns up each week as well.
Home teams.
Several teams call the oval their home ground.
Netball.
Lapstone Oval is not a home ground to any of the netball teams in the Blue Mountains Netball Association (BMNA) as they all play there every week. 
The Blue Mountains Netball Representatives train at the oval.
Cricket.
Although some teams from Glenbrook-Blaxland Cricket Club (GBCC) play some of their games at Lapstone the club doesn't have a single home ground. They also play in:
Rugby Union.
The Blue Mountains Rugby Club (also known as Blueys or Blue Tongues) call the oval home. It is where they play their home games and they also have a club house at the ground.
Winter sport.
In winter 2 sports are played at Lapstone Oval. They are:
Summer sport.
During the summer an artificial cricket pitch is placed into the centre of the rugby field. In the past few summers the rugby goal posts have been taken out.

</doc>
<doc id="19214921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214921" title="Charles John Irving">
Charles John Irving

Charles John Irving, CMG, (7 February 1831, Isabelle Place, Camberwell, London - 23 February 1917, Exmouth) was acting Lieutenant-Governor of Penang (present-day Malaysia) from 1879 to 1880. He was Resident Councillor of Penang from 1885 to 1887 and Colonial Auditor General to the government of the Straits Settlements at Penang from 1867 to 1879 under governors Sir Harry Ord and Edward Anson. He was with the Colonial and Immigration Office from 1852 to 1853. He was one of the very few Straits officials who had studied the Malay political and social systems. He was an expert on native affairs on the Malay Peninsula whom Governors Ord and Anson used in different negotiations. In 1871 Anson sent James W. W. Birch, then Colonial Secretary, together with Auditor-General Irving to see Sultan Abdul Samad at Langat to re-establish order there. He was a clerk in the Audit Office at Mauritius from 1853 to 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="19214952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214952" title="1989 Eagle Classic – Singles">
1989 Eagle Classic – Singles

Mikael Pernfors was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Kevin Curren.
Ivan Lendl won in the final 6–2, 6–3, against Stefan Edberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19214987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19214987" title="2005 Northwestern Wildcats football team">
2005 Northwestern Wildcats football team

The 2005 Northwestern Wildcats football team represented Northwestern University during the 2004 NCAA Division I-A football season. They played their home games at Ryan Field and participated as members of the Big Ten Conference. They were coached by Randy Walker.

</doc>
<doc id="19215019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215019" title="Liu Bingzhong">
Liu Bingzhong

Liu Bingzhong () (1216–1274), or Liu Kan () was a Yuan Dynasty court adviser and architect. He was born in Ruizhou (Rui prefecture), during the Jin Dynasty. In 1233, he entered the Jin's bureaucracy. He still was an officer after the Mongol Yuan Dynasty replaced the Jin following the Mongol–Jin wars, but later he became a monk. However his teacher thought that his talent should not be buried, so he recommended Liu Bingzhong to Kublai Khan, to become his adviser. During this period, he was extolled as the "Five Talented in Xintai". He was credited with occult powers which allowed him to foretell the future and so assist military operations. Liu had a paramount influence on Yuan era city designs, and he is known to have planned both the Yuan capital of Dadu and its summer capital Xanadu (Shangdu).
Liu Bingzhong and Yao Shu made a plan "to canvass all talented to give well-governorship suggestions". Many Confucianists, such as Xu Heng, Wang Xun, Zhang Yi, were attracted to provide ruse to Kublai Khan, who later became the founder of the Yuan Dynasty.
After the Battle of Fishing Town, Möngke Khan died and Kublai Khan succeeded his post. Liu Bingzhong suggested to name the new dynasty as "Yuan" () with reference to The Changes, which was adopted by Kublai Khan in 1271. He also suggested Kublai Khan to adopt the Chinese law, and removed some Mongolian misgovernment.
Kublai Khan recognized Jin's Central Capital as the Capital of the Yuan, and renamed it to Dadu (Chinese: 大都, "The Great Capital"). Liu Bingzhong was the planner and the original architect of the Capital Construction of Dadu. Liu also designed and planned the layout of the Yuan's summer capital at Xanadu (Shangdu). Liu formulated the Time Service Calendar with Guo Shoujing. When he became the teacher of Zhenjin, who later became the Crown Prince (), he set up the Zishan College in Wuon Mountain to teach Confucianism and Natural Science.
In 1274, he died in Nanbing Mountain Villa.

</doc>
<doc id="19215044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215044" title="Kenta Matsudaira">
Kenta Matsudaira

Kenta became well known after a near upset vs Olympic champion Ma Lin in the 2009 World Table Tennis Championships using his virtually unseen before, advanced tomahawk serves, compact speed technique, and dynamic backhand control. Kenta won two straight games from a 1-3 deficit and held the lead at 4-1 in the seventh. (Kenta lost the set 11-9.)

</doc>
<doc id="19215072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215072" title="Brahmanigoan">
Brahmanigoan

Brahmanigan is a village in the Indian state of Orissa. It is located at 19°40'0N 84°5'0E with an average elevation of 603 metres (1981 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19215082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215082" title="Taxi (book)">
Taxi (book)

Taxi is a collection of 58 short stories by Khaled Al Khamissi, first published in December 2006.
A book dedicated "to the life that lives in the words of poor people." Taxi is a journey of urban sociology in the Egyptian capital through the voices of taxi drivers. Through recounting the stories of different taxi drivers he encounters, the author offers some insight into contemporary Cairo and Egypt.
Writing.
"Taxi" is the first Egyptian book written mainly in dialect to achieve success. A tradition of writings in dialect has always existed in the Arab world, but colloquial Arabic has never achieved real literary approbation. However, in recent years a new generation of young Arab authors—including Mohamed Salah al-'Azab, Ahmed al-Aidi, Ahmed Naghi, Tareq Imam and Nail al-Tokhi—has begun an innovative literary movement known as "al-Riwaya al-Gadida" (The New Novel), linked to the phenomenon of bloggers. In this context, "Taxi" is an important literary achievement because it has become a bestseller. Not only was it reprinted 7 times in one year, it sold more than 75,000 copies in a country, Egypt, where 3,000 books sold is considered a success. Not only does this book play a large part in the revival of dialect in contemporary Egyptian literature, it delves into important socio-political issues.
"Taxi" has been translated into English by Jonathan Wright and was published by Aflame Books in 2008.
Reviews.
The book has received some positive reviews:

</doc>
<doc id="19215094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215094" title="Marco Vicario">
Marco Vicario

Marco Vicario (born 20 September 1925) is an Italian film actor, screenwriter, film producer and director. He appeared in 23 films between 1950 and 1958. He also wrote for 13 films, produced 12 and directed a further 11.
He was born in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19215181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215181" title="Plate detector (radio)">
Plate detector (radio)

A plate detector (or anode-bend detector) is a vacuum tube detector circuit used in A.M. radios, although the term is sometimes extended to transistor circuits that similarly rely upon distorted amplification to enhance one half of the received signal over the other. This circuit employs a tube with an indirectly heated cathode, typically a medium-mu triode, or a tetrode or pentode with a sharp cut-off control grid. Partial rectification of R.F. signals occurs in the plate of the detector tube if it is forced into its non-linear region at roughly the zero crossing point of the input signal. This differs from a grid-leak detector, which achieves rectification in the control grid. It also differs from the diode detector circuit commonly used to provide both R.F. rectification and automatic volume control (A.V.C.) bias to the R.F. amplifier tubes.
Overview.
Enough negative bias is applied to the grid (or "base", for a transistor implementation) to bring the device almost to cut-off point; an incoming signal will cause the device to conduct only on postitive-going halves of the input signal... it cannot conduct significantly "less" during negative halves, so the plate voltage varies at the modulation frequency - going more negative as the input signal envelope increases with the Amplitude Modulation modulating signal.
Plate detectors are used in both T.R.F. and (less commonly) superheterodyne receivers. The grid is connected directly to the secondary of the final R.F. or I.F. transformer. The cathode is connected to ground through a circuit consisting of a parallel-connected bias resistor (usually 10 kΩ to 50 kΩ) and bypass capacitor (usually 0.25 µF to 0.5 µF). When sufficient negative bias is applied to the grid, the plate current is pushed almost to the cut-off point. When a modulated R.F. signal is applied to the grid under these conditions, a corresponding increase in plate current occurs. As the signal amplitude varies, the plate current also varies, causing the plate to act as a diode detector while the tube as a whole also acts as an audio amplifier. A plate bypass capacitor (usually 500 pF to 0.002 µF for triodes, or 250 pF to 0.001 µF for tetrodes and pentodes) is used to regulate plate current. 
Like most A.F. amplifiers in radios, the plate voltage is usually less than 60 volts. When a tetrode or pentode is used, the screen grid voltage is usually about one-half the plate voltage.
Plate detector circuits were commonly used from the introduction of indirectly heated cathode tubes in the late 1920s until the start of World War II. As R.F. tubes became more sensitive, grid-leak detectors (which are more sensitive than plate detectors) became less practical. Diode detectors were popular because, unlike plate detector circuits, they could also provide A.V.C. bias. However, the dual-diode/triode and dual-diode/pentode tubes commonly used in these circuits had bulk wholesale costs that were as much as twice the cost of the tubes commonly used as plate detectors. This made plate detector circuits more practical for low-priced radios sold during the depths of the Great Depression.
Because an indirectly heated cathode is required (or a separate negative grid bias battery is needed) for this circuit to operate, it is not used in battery-operated radios.
Controlling volume levels.
Plate detector circuits usually lack an A.V.C. bias circuit. In receivers equipped with A.V.C., volume levels are adjusted by a potentiometer (typically 500 kΩ to 2 MΩ audio taper) that controls audio signal levels at the control grid of the A.F. amplifier. In receivers not equipped with A.V.C., the most common connection of the volume control potentiometer (typically 4 kΩ to 15 kΩ linear taper) is as follows:
To assure that proper cathode bias is maintained, many non-A.V.C. volume controls are usually equipped with a "stop" that maintains a small amount of resistance between the center wiper and the high end connection.
Because the volume control in non-A.V.C. receivers adjusts R.F. signal levels rather than A.F. signal levels, the volume control must be manipulated while tuning the radio in order to find weak signals.
Comparison with Alternative Envelope Detectors.
Infinite-Impedance Detector.
The Infinite-Impedance Detector is essentially a plate detector where the output is taked from the "cathode" circuit (or "emitter", or "drain", for transistor implementations) and so has lower output voltage but low distortion. 
As with the standard plate detector, the device is biased almost completely off, and positive-going halves of the input signal cause the device to quickly charge C2 up from the positive power supply but the capacitor can only be discharged slowly via R1, so the circuit acts as a peak detector.
The value of R1 would depend on the JFET or triode chosen, and perhaps be a 200 kilohm preset, ajusted to give lowest distortion in the output signal. The time constant of C2 with R1 would be chosen to fall somewhere between the highest audio (modulation) frequency but well below the lowest carrier (modulated) frequency encountered. The RF filter in the supply line, C4 and the RFC (RF Choke), is less essential than in the original plate detector, but can reduce inter-stage RF interferance and instability.

</doc>
<doc id="19215183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215183" title="National Youth Competition teams">
National Youth Competition teams

Comprehensive regular season results of the National Youth Competition by club.

</doc>
<doc id="19215201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215201" title="Sergio Donati">
Sergio Donati

Sergio Donati (born 13 April 1933) is an Italian screenwriter. He has written for more than 70 films since 1952. He was born in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19215213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215213" title="Marvo the Wonder Chicken">
Marvo the Wonder Chicken

Marvo the Wonder Chicken is a character in the UK comic, The Dandy. The strip first appeared in 1990, and continued in odd issues until 1999. He returned in 2008 to tie in with the planned DC Thomson TV series. The strip is "silent", only adding in words such as "Crash" and "Bang", and ending with Marvo saying "Ta-da".
Marvo's sidekick, and biggest fan, Henry Thrapplewhacker XLIX, also appears.
Originally, the strip was drawn by Syd Kitching, subsequently by Jim Hansen, and took up half a page in the comic, and either one or two pages in the annuals. Jim Hansen was also drawing Jak and P5 for the Dandy, and Buster for his self-titled comic. When the strip returned in Dandy Xtreme 18 years later, it was drawn by Nigel Parkinson, who at the time was also drawing Dennis the Menace, Bea and Ivy the Terrible for the Beano, Dennis and Gnasher for BeanoMAX, and Cuddles and Dimples for the Dandy. It was dropped after Dandy Xtreme reverted to just The Dandy, with Marvo taking his final bow in issue 3507, dated October 9, 2010, but he returned again later in issue 3515, dated December 18, 2010. He has not returned since.

</doc>
<doc id="19215245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215245" title="Goran Miljanović">
Goran Miljanović

Goran Miljanović (2 October 1956 – 25 March 2008) was a Bosnian Serb football player. He capped 4 times for Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="19215255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215255" title="Psathyrella aquatica">
Psathyrella aquatica

Psathyrella aquatica is a species of fungus from Oregon, described in the journal "Mycologia" in 2010. It represents the first report of a gilled mushroom (Basidiomycota) fruiting underwater. It was found by Southern Oregon University professor Robert Coffan in the Rogue River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Coffan found the mushroom in 2005, and his colleagues Darlene Southworth and Jonathan Frank in the biology department at Southern Oregon University confirmed that the mushroom was a unique discovery. The mushroom appears to be quite strong and can stand up to fast-moving river currents.

</doc>
<doc id="19215259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215259" title="DWYC">
DWYC

DWYC, broadcasting as Radyo5 88.7 News FM Cabanatuan is an FM radio station owned by Nation Broadcasting Corporation and operated by TV5 in the Philippines. The station's studio is located at Brgy. Poblacion, Cabanatuan.
History.
In 1984, 88.7 was born as MRS - "Most Requested Song" which featured soft pop, ballads, fairly adult contemporary. MRS 92.3 quickly became one of the top rated stations on FM and kept that distinction throughout most of its life, MRS was one of a handful of FM stations in Manila that defined the very popular adult contemporary format for a long time.
The company took on new owners in the mid-90's when the Yabut family sold the whole network (both FM and AM) to then real estate magnate Manny Villar. The station managed to maintain its original format without any changes.
In 1998, NBC was acquired by MediaQuest Holdings Inc. With the new owners came a new management team, a new corporate logo and a new sound. 
MRS was replaced by "Donna" in 1998. It played a mix of jazz fusion, pop jazz and crossover sound, with a little more of the European jazz flavor.
In 2005, the Rhythms tag was dropped in favor of 88.7 Donna - Get your groove on.
Since February 21, 2011, it began simulcasting Manila's Radyo5 92.3 News FM, but it lasted until June due to its frequency conflicts.
In 2013, during the Go5 trade launch, Radyo5 will relaunch DWYC as Radyo5 88.7 News FM Cabanatuan, as one of the newest stations of Radyo5 in Luzon aside to Baguio and Naga.

</doc>
<doc id="19215264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215264" title="Ancient Diocese of Bergen">
Ancient Diocese of Bergen

The Catholic Diocese of Bergen in Norway existed from the eleventh century to the Protestant Reformation (1537), and included the (modern) counties of Hordaland and Sogn og Fjordane ( with exception of the parishes Eidfjord and Røldal ). 
Originally ( from 1068 ) the diocese served all the area of Gulating: the modern counties of Hordaland, Sogn og Fjordane, Rogaland, Vest-Agder and Aust-Agder - and the regions of Sunnmøre, Valdres and Hallingdal.
When the Diocese of Stavanger was established, around 1125, the counties of Rogaland, Aust-Agder and Vest-Agder were transferred to the new diocese - together with the regions of Valdres and Hallingdal ( and the parishes of Eidfjord and Røldal from Hordaland ).
The region Sunnmøre was transferred to the Archdiocese of Nidaros some time after 1152 - to secure more income for the Archdiocese.
History.
The discovery at Selja in 996 of the supposed remains of St. Sunniva and her companions led King Olaf Trygveson to build a church there. It was not, however, till 1068 that a bishopric and a monastery were founded at Selje by King Olaf Kyrre. Bernard the Saxon was the first bishop, but he later removed to the newly founded city of Bergen, where he died as its first bishop about 1090. 
The diocese was originally a suffragan of the archdiocese of Hamburg-Bremen, from 1104 on of that of Lund. In 1152 Bergen became a suffragan of the new metropolitan See of Trondhjem, and a cathedral chapter was set up there. Bishop Paul ( 1156 – 1194 ) saw the completion of the Cathedral of Christ Church in time for the holding of a provincial council there and for the coronation of King Magnus Erlingsön, the first coronation of a Norwegian king, in 1164. In 1170 the relics of St. Sunniva were translated to the cathedral. During the episcopate of Bishop Arne ( 1226 – 1256 ), on 29 July 1247, Cardinal Wilhelm of Sabina crowned King Haakon Haakonssön. In 1271 the Royal Chapel of the Holy Apostles at Bergen was made collegiate. 
In 1275 Magnus VI of Norway founded a great church, as his new royal chapel at Bergen, to receive a relic of the Crown of Thorns. The dean took the title of Master of the ( fourteen ) Royal Chapels and was granted the right to use the episcopal ornaments. Bishop Arne Sigurdssön ( 1305 – 1314 ) regarded the privileges of the Chapel Royal at Bergen as an encroachment upon the rights of his see. He could not, however, deprive the dean, Finn Haldorssön, of his semi-independent position, as the latter had the support of the Holy See. Arne also asserted in vain his claim that the bishop of the Færöe Islands should be chosen amongst the clergy of the Diocese of Bergen. He was, however, successful in compelling the German merchants at Bergen to pay tithe. 
Bishop Thorstein ( 1342 – 1349 ) died of the Black Death, as did nearly all the Norwegian bishops. To his successor, the Englishman Gisbrith ( 1349 – 1369 ), we owe the "Bergen Manuscript" (Björgynjar kálfskinn). Aslak Bolt, Bishop of Bergen from 1408, was translated to the See of Trondhjem in 1430. Bishop Thorleif Olafssön ( 1430 – 1450 ), having joined Olaf Nilssön at the Brigittine Convent of Munkalif, was killed there by the Germans of the Hansa on 1 September 1455. The last Catholic bishop, Olav Torkelsson ( 1523 – 1535) allowed the Cathedral of Christ Church, the Royal Chapel of the Apostles, the Dominican convent, and other ecclesiastical buildings in Bergen to be destroyed, when the fortress of the Bergenhus was enlarged. His successor, Geble Pederssön, became a Lutheran.
Thre Abbey of St. Michael's, Munkalif ( Benedictine monks, 1108 - 1426; Brigittines, 1426 – 1470 and 1479 – 1531; Cistercian nuns, 1470 – 1479 ), lay close to Bergen. The city and its suburbs contained in all 26 churches. Elsewhere there were the Cistercian Abbey of Lyse, colonized from Fountains Abbey, Yorkshire, in 1146, and the Hospital of the Holy Spirit at Halsnøy Abbey ( about 1200 - 1539 ).
Councils at Bergen.
Eighteen provincial councils were held at Bergen. The most important were the following: 
The last provincial synod at Bergen was held in 1435. It dealt with the collection of money for the maintenance of the Council of Basle, the superstitious observance of Saturday, which was forbidden, and unauthorized begging on the part of religious.

</doc>
<doc id="19215267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215267" title="National Government Parks">
National Government Parks

Japan's are parks or open spaces established by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism under the .
These parks are different from the country's network of National Parks, which represent areas of outstanding natural significance and are declared by the Minister of the Environment under the .
History.
The first National Government Park, Musashi Kyūryō National Government Park, was started in 1968 to commemorate the hundredth anniversary of the Meiji Restoration. The park opened its door to the public in July, 1974. 
Parks.
In total there are seventeen National Government Parks, listed below in chronological order:

</doc>
<doc id="19215278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215278" title="You Can't Take It with You (album)">
You Can't Take It with You (album)

"You Can't Take It with You" is the third and final studio album by Long Island band As Tall as Lions. It was released on August 18, 2009. The album debut at #88 on the Billboard Top 200.
History.
In January 2008 the band began work on their new record "You Can't Take It With You." As of August 2008, the band had 12 songs written. 
The single "Circles" was posted on the bands Myspace page on Thursday, June 18 available for streaming. Wednesday, July 22, "In Case of Rapture" was released for streaming on AbsolutePunk.net as a part of an ABSOLUTExclusive on the band.
At Midnight on August 13, 2009, the entire album was available for streaming on the band's official Myspace page.
On August 18, 2009, the day the album was released, it appeared on the iTunes Top 40.
Track listing.
Limited edition.
The limited edition includes a DVD (featuring making-of material and live footage) and three extra bonus tracks:
Deluxe edition.
The deluxe edition features the same bonus tracks as the limited edition, as well as the DVD. It also includes an exclusive EP of instrumental songs.
iTunes bonus track version.
The iTunes bonus track version has four bonus tracks:
Other recorded tracks.
Other track titles mentioned by the band which may become b-sides include:

</doc>
<doc id="19215281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215281" title="Caterina Boratto">
Caterina Boratto

Caterina Boratto (15 March 1915 – 14 September 2010) was an Italian film actress. She appeared in 50 films between 1937 and 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19215300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215300" title="Jeux Sans Frontières 1997">
Jeux Sans Frontières 1997

Heat 1.
Broadcast Date (Europe): Monday 30 June 1997;
Venue: Óbuda Esplanade, Budapest, Hungary
Heat 2.
Broadcast Date (Europe): Monday 7 July 1997;
Venue: Óbuda Esplanade, Budapest, Hungary
Heat 3.
Broadcast Date (Europe): Monday 14 July 1997;
Venue: Óbuda Esplanade, Budapest, Hungary
Heat 4.
Broadcast Date (Europe): Monday 21 July 1997;
Venue: Óbuda Esplanade, Budapest, Hungary
Heat 5.
Broadcast Date (Europe): Monday 28 July 1997;
Venue: Óbuda Esplanade, Budapest, Hungary
Heat 6.
Broadcast Date (Europe): Monday 4 August 1997;
Venue: Óbuda Esplanade, Budapest, Hungary
Heat 7.
Broadcast Date (Europe): Monday 11 August 1997;
Venue: Óbuda Esplanade, Budapest, Hungary
Heat 8.
Broadcast Date (Europe): Monday 18 August 1997;
Venue: Óbuda Esplanade, Budapest, Hungary
Heat 9.
Broadcast Date (Europe): Monday 25 August 1997;
Venue: Óbuda Esplanade, Budapest, Hungary
Final.
Broadcast Date (Europe): Monday 1 September 1997;
Venue: Lisbon, Portugal;
The teams which qualified from each country to the final were:
Final table

</doc>
<doc id="19215308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215308" title="Matika Arthakornsiripho">
Matika Arthakornsiripho

Matika Arthakornsiripho (; born May 9, 1986 in Bangkok, Thailand) is a Thai model and actress. Her nickname is Bee (). Her film roles include "Nang Sib Song", "Prasuton Manorah" and "Uttai Tawee".
At the end of 2006, Matika temporarily left the film world to participate in a photo shoot for a Thai magazine. Fans consider her one of the hottest models and actresses in Thailand. Recently she has been used in several photo shoots for Thai magazines, and she also appeared in one film, "Moneah Nang Ree".
After her two most recent film releases, "Nang Sib Song" and "Prasuton Manorah", a rumor circulated through Thailand that Matika and her co-star Sapol Chonnawee (สพล ชนวีร์) were dating. However, a TV show revealed that this film couple are truly brother and sister in reality.

</doc>
<doc id="19215309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215309" title="British Library, MS Egerton 1994">
British Library, MS Egerton 1994

MS. Egerton 1994 is a manuscript collection of English Renaissance plays, now in the Egerton Collection of the British Library. Probably prepared by the actor William Cartwright around 1642, and later presented by him to Dulwich College, the collection contains unique copies of several Elizabethan, Jacobean, and Caroline dramas, including significant works like "Edmund Ironside" and "Thomas of Woodstock".
The collection contains fourteen plays and an anonymous masque:
"Thomas of Woodstock" was one of Shakespeare's sources for his "Richard II", and "Edmund Ironside" has been attributed to Shakespeare by some commentators.
Some of the plays, like "The Two Noble Ladies" and the two Heywood works, are judged to be autograph scripts, in the handwriting of the authors. ("The Escapes of Jupiter" consists of excerpts from Heywood's "The Golden Age" and "The Silver Age".) The untitled masque in the collection has strong commonalities with the work of George Chapman; it borrows a long passage from "The Tragedy of Byron", suggesting Chapman influence rather than authorship.
"The Launching of the Mary" is a "first draft, written at different times, with different inks, and on different paper." The play was written at sea, and is "little more or less than a eulogy of the East India Company."
The anonymous works in the collection have been the subject of attribution studies, and disagreements. "Dick of Devonshire" has been assigned to Davenport, but also to Heywood.

</doc>
<doc id="19215310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215310" title="Oat Lane">
Oat Lane

Oat Lane is a short street in the ward of Bassishaw in the City of London. 
First mentioned by Leake in 1666, it runs from Noble Street to Staining Lane between Gresham Street and London Wall.
The Great Hall of the Worshipful Company of Pewterers stands midway down Oat Lane. The church of St Mary Staining once stood here and a small garden still marks the location of the lost church.
The nearest London Underground station is St. Paul's and the closest mainline railway station is Moorgate.

</doc>
<doc id="19215313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215313" title="Ivica Miljković">
Ivica Miljković

Ivica Miljković (born 1 August 1947 in Slavonski Brod) is a former Croatian football player.
Miljković made a name for himself playing for Dinamo Zagreb and in the period from 1969 to 1977 he appeared in a total of 232 Yugoslav First League matches, scoring 24 goals for the Blues. In 1977 he moved to NK Osijek where he spent the following three seasons. In 1980 he went abroad and spent the last two years of his career at NASL side Chicago Sting, helping them win the 1981 NASL championship.
He was capped once for Yugoslavia, in a Euro 1976 qualifier against Northern Ireland held on 16 March 1975 at Windsor Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19215321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215321" title="Chollangi">
Chollangi

Chollangi is a village in Thallarevu Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is a six miles east of Kakinada town.
Demographics.
"Population Data of Chollangi Village as per 2001 Census:"
 
References.
East Godavari District Pincode Numbers
Population details of Chollangi Village
2001 census

</doc>
<doc id="19215324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215324" title="Espace Pierres Folles">
Espace Pierres Folles

The Espace Pierres Folles (2 hectares) is a museum with geological exhibit and botanical garden located at 116 chemin du Pinay, St Jean des Vignes, Soissons, Aisne, Picardie, France. It is open daily in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The museum was established in 1987 on the former site of a cement works. Its ground floor presents the Earth's formation, emergence of life and its evolution over time, and fossils of the region; it also contains several aquariums. The second floor presents the relationship between soil and vegetation, including viticulture with the origin of the diversity of Beaujolais wine, as well as the regional use of stone for construction and cement manufacture. The top floor contains temporary exhibits.
The geological trail was established in 1988, and consists of four sites reflecting the region's geology, particularly of fossils and strata from 195-245 million years ago. The trail contains informative displays designed by students of the College des Quatre Vents. 
The botanical garden was inaugurated in April 1995 and is a member of "Jardins Botaniques de France et des Pays Francophones". It covers 8400 m² and as of 2007 contained 529 plant species, including 567 taxa of herbaceous plants and 8 taxa of conifers, focusing on local flora, particularly those of the clay and limestone soil of southern Beaujolais, but also including Mediterranean plants and a few non-native trees such as Atlas cedar and walnut. The garden consists of three flowerbeds, landscaped plantings, a sandy area for heathers, and a rock garden. Each species is labeled with its botanical family, scientific name, and common name. 

</doc>
<doc id="19215325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215325" title="Manuel Zarzo">
Manuel Zarzo

Manuel Zarzo (born 26 April 1932) is a Spanish film actor. He has appeared in more than 150 films since 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="19215331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215331" title="Secretary of State of South Carolina">
Secretary of State of South Carolina

The Secretary of State of South Carolina is an elected position that is responsible to maintain clear records of statewide corporations, supply to the public with customer service, and administrate the Solicitation of Charitable Funds Act.
Presently, Mark Hammond serves as the Secretary of State since 2003, and the Co-Chairman of International Relations Committee on Business Services.
The Office of Secretary of State.
The South Carolina Office of Secretary of State oversees organizations that provides in registration of companies, non profit organizations, partnerships, employment agencies, state trademarks and business opportunities. Secretary of State also has authority of issuing cable franchise applications and certificates, annexations of land, and investigations of counterfeited finances. Composed of five organizations, The Business Filings Division, Trademarks Division, Charities Division, Notaries, and The Cable Franchise, are set to deliver regulation and composure of records to accommodate each division to taxpayers, businesses, charities, banks, and the government.
Salary.
The Secretary of State's salary is set at $92,007 annually.
Organizations.
Business Filings Division.
The Business Filing Division is accountable for filings for business corporations, nonprofit corporations, limited liability companies, limited partnerships, and limited liability partnerships.
The Uniform Commercial Code is another responsibility of the Business Filings Division, this Code conducts the laws of commercial transactions. This includes the sale of goods, commercial paper, bank deposits and collections, letters of credit, bulk transfers, bills of lading and investment securities.
Trademarks Division.
The Trademarks Division enforces a protection of copyrighted products and assists law enforcement in the seizing of any forged goods. According to the Secretary of State Accountability Report, about two million dollars of dishonorable merchandise was collected from fifty six individuals in the financial year from 2009 to 2010.
Public Charities Division.
The Public Charities Division promotes and educations the public of charitable non profit organizations and sets regulations to maintain records in order to provide competent donations. Also the division investigates charities that violate the Solicitation of Charitable Funds Act. To further inform the public, Secretary Hammond formed the Secretary of State/Nonprofit Advisory Council. All charities in South Carolina must register and include a review of annual financial reports, and is susceptible to investigations and prosecutions. Those who do not register, do not file financial records, or mislead the public are fined. Files submitted to the Division of Public Charities are available to the public for inspection.
South Carolina Solicitation of Charitable Funds Act.
The South Carolina Solicitation of Charitable Funds Act, or SC Act, was implemented by The Public Charities Division to regulated public charities to register and file financial reports. The SC Act specifies Charities Organizations as any organization that has a tax exemption from the IRS, recognizes itself as a charity, or employs a charitable appeal as the basis of solicitations. Charities must register to the Public Charities Division and file annual financial reports four months and two weeks after the charities fiscal year ending period.
Religious organizations funded privately, government grants, and political campaigns have are exemptible from the SC Act. Charities are also exemptible from registration and reporting if meets the conditions. The first condition is to not intend to solicit or accept donations from the public over $7,500 yearly. The other condition is the exclusion of professional solicitors, professional fundraising, or commercial joint businesses and meets one of the circumstance: to not solicit over $20,000 in a year, received a letter of tax exemption from the IRS, and the cost of fundraising was a maximum of $500; any state or government agency affected by the Freedom of Information Act; a charted veterans organization; or an educational institute that only receive payment or donations from students, families, alumni, faculty, and friends.
Penalties for filing and annual updates are suspected to be fined, Notice of Solicitation Forms and Joint Financial Reports can cause $2000 fines per misdemeanor. Any persons who are intent to violate the SC Act may be fined up to $5,000 and given up to five years in jail. False information submitted intentionally can be fined up to $2,000 and imprisoned up to one year.
Notaries Division.
The Notaries Division maintains apostilles and is responsible for all notary public applications. This division handles all filings for state boards and commissions. The Secretary of State has the authority to verify the signature of any official is filed within the office.
Notary Public.
A notary public is a person who is authorized to administer oaths, certify documents, perform official acts, and declare the credibility of signatures. To qualify as a notary public a candidate must be registered to vote in South Carolina thirty days before election. A term for a notary will serve for ten years and is commissioned with a certificate signed by the Secretary of State.
Cable Franchise.
The Cable Franchise Division has the authorizations to issue permits to cable companies.
Staff.
According to the South Carolina Secretary of State Accountability Report, in 2010, twenty eight employees are staffed, twenty three as full-time employees, three as temporary employees, and two college interns.

</doc>
<doc id="19215338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215338" title="Rosemary Menkens">
Rosemary Menkens

Rosemary Norma Menkens (born 10 September 1946) is an Australian politician. She represents the electoral district of Burdekin in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland. Originally elected in 2004 for the National Party, she joined the Liberal National Party in 2008. She was Leader of Opposition Business in the Shadow Ministry of Campbell Newman. Menkens has previously held roles including Shadow Minister for Community Services and Housing and Shadow Minister for Women, Shadow Minister for Social Inclusion, Shadow Minister for Environment and Sustainability, Multiculturalism, Shadow Minister for Women, Shadow Minister for Northern Development and Shadow Minister for Child Safety, andShadow Parliamentary Secretary for Costs of Living and is also the Shadow Parliamentary Secretary for Northern Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="19215362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215362" title="Christine Smith (politician)">
Christine Smith (politician)

Christine Anne Smith (born 11 October 1946) is an Australian Labor Party politician. She represented the electoral district of Burleigh in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 2001 to 2012.
Prior to becoming an MP she worked with Centrelink.
Smith is a Justice of the Peace (Qualified) and has been involved in many local community organisations. She is a member of the Qld Mental Health Association and committee member of the Gold Coast Branch, Palm Beach Police Consultative Committee, Burleigh Heads Lions Club, Girl Guide Trefoil Group, Creek to Creek Chamber of Commerce and an honorary member of the Burleigh Heads Scouts. She is also patron of various organisations including the Order of the Old Bastards, the Coolamon Chorale, the Gold Coast Horse & Carriage Club, the Miami Tennis Club, Care for Life Suicide Prevention and Burleigh Heads Pensioners Association. She is also Vice-President of Palm Beach SLSC.
Smith and her husband Robert have been married for 41 years. They raised two sons and have two grandsons.
Their eldest son battled mental illness for many years, inspiring Smith to become vocal in the fight to raise the profile of mental illness and to seek more funding.

</doc>
<doc id="19215378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215378" title="Andaka Kaviviraraghava Mudaliar">
Andaka Kaviviraraghava Mudaliar

Andaka Kaviviraraghava Mudaliar was a famous Tamil poet. He was born blind. However, he possessed a unique talent for poetry.
Poetical works.
Kaviviraraghava Mudaliar wrote two long poems in praise of the Saivite shrine at the mountain of Kazhukanda titled "Kazhukunda Puranam" and "Kazhukunda Malai". His "Kazhukunda Malai" was especially regarded as a splendid work and is replete with hyperboles.

</doc>
<doc id="19215384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215384" title="Desley Boyle">
Desley Boyle

Desley Carole Boyle (born 29 March 1948) is a former Australian Labor Party politician. Boyle represented the electoral district of Cairns, Queensland in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland and was elected in the 1998 State election and served until 2012 
Career.
Boyle was the director and clinical psychologist for Desley Boyle and Associates, in Cairns. She held a position with the Cairns' local government from 1988 to 1994, including two years as Deputy Mayor.
Boyle held various positions in the Beattie Ministry. She was appointed Minister for Local Government and Planning in February 2004, and added the new post of Minister for Women a month later. In August 2004, she also added Minister for Minister for the Environment. In a September 2006 reshuffle, she was appointed Minister for Child Safety.
When Anna Bligh took over from Beattie in September 2007, Boyle was appointed Minister for Tourism, Regional Development and Industry. Following the 2009 election, she returned to the Local Government portfolio as Minister for Local Government and Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Partnerships. On 17 February 2011, Boyle announced that she would be retiring at the 2012 state election and stood down from Cabinet four days later.
At the election, Labor lost the seat to Gavin King of the Liberal National Party.
Personal life.
Desley lives in Cairns, Tropical North Queensland. She has three children and three grandchildren. Her hobbies include theater, film and contemporary music.

</doc>
<doc id="19215385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215385" title="René Havard">
René Havard

René Havard (20 December 1923 – 7 December 1987) was a French film actor. He appeared in 80 films between 1946 and 1985.
He was born and died in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19215395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215395" title="Les Crosets">
Les Crosets

At , Les Crosets is the resort of highest altitude among those on the Swiss side of the Portes du Soleil. It is, however, one of the smallest as well. It is easily reached by skis from Chatel and Avoriaz. It has a microclimate and allows splendid views of the Dents Du Midi. The famous Swiss wall (an orange mogul run) and Off Piste are accessible from Les Crosets.

</doc>
<doc id="19215412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215412" title="Nantucket Regional Transit Authority">
Nantucket Regional Transit Authority

Nantucket Regional Transit Authority (NRTA) is the public transport authority on the island of Nantucket in Massachusetts, USA. It operates a network of shuttle buses. It is branded using blue and white colors, and also known as the NRTA Wave.
History.
NRTA was created by Massachusetts General Laws Chapter 161B in 1993, but begun to operate in 1995. In the beginning NRTA had only four buses that operated on two routes. The service was seasonal.

</doc>
<doc id="19215415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215415" title="Cvijan Milošević">
Cvijan Milošević

Cvijan Milošević (Serbian Cyrillic: Цвиjaн Mилoшeвић ;born 27 October 1963) is a Bosnian Serb former football player. He was capped once for the Yugoslav national team.
After being one of the main playmakers of FK Sloboda Tuzla for almost a decade in the Yugoslav First League, in January 1990 he moved to Belgium where he played for several clubs in the Belgian First Division, namely R.F.C. de Liège, Royal Antwerp FC, Germinal Ekeren and K.V.C. Westerlo.

</doc>
<doc id="19215419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215419" title="Michael Choi (politician)">
Michael Choi (politician)

Political career.
Choi was elected to Parliament on 17 February 2001. He was appointed by Peter Beattie as a Parliamentary Secretary in 2006. After Anna Bligh became Premier in 2007, he and Gary Fenlon both acted as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Transport, Trade, Employment and Industrial Relations, John Mickel, and Choi also assisted Lindy Nelson-Carr with her Multicultural Affairs brief. Following the 2009 state election, he was appointed Parliamentary Secretary for Natural Resources, Water and Energy and Trade, assisting Stephen Robertson. From February 2011 to March 2012, he was Parliamentary Secretary for Trade and Multicultural Affairs. Choi was defeated in the 2012 state election.
Family and professional life.
He is married and has three daughters.
Choi is a professional chartered engineer.
Choi has served as Honorary Ambassador for Brisbane city, fostering ties between Brisbane and Asia Pacific countries, as well as chairing the Sister Cities Committee with the Chinese city of Shenzhen. As president of the Valley Business Association, he helped the Valley business community through the Fitzgerald Inquiry period.
He is also involved in many professional and community organisations such as the Housing Industry Association, and the Small Business Council of Queensland, and was a director of Queensland Ballet Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="19215432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215432" title="Shane Knuth">
Shane Knuth

Shane Andrew Knuth (born 7 September 1966) is an Australian politician. He has represented the seats of Charters Towers (2004–09) and Dalrymple (2009–present) in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland, for the National Party (2004–08), the Liberal National Party (2008–11) and Katter's Australian Party (2011–present).
Knuth was born in the Queensland town of Tully. His brother Jeff Knuth is a former One Nation parliamentarian.
Shane Knuth entered the state's parliament as the member for Charters Towers at the 2004 state election by defeating incumbent MP Christine Scott of the Labor Party. At the 2006 state election, Knuth was re-elected; but the redistribution ahead of the 2009 state election combined his district with that of One Nation MP Rosa Lee Long. From this contest, Knuth emerged the victor. He became, as a consequence, the inaugural member for the district of Dalrymple.
On 30 October 2011, Shane Knuth resigned from the Liberal National Party to join Katter's Australian Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19215443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215443" title="The City &amp; the City">
The City &amp; the City

The City & the City is a novel by British author China Miéville, combining weird fiction with the police procedural; it was written as a gift for Miéville's terminally-ill mother, who was a fan of the latter genre. The novel was published by Macmillan on 15 May 2009. In the US it was published by Del Rey Books on 26 May 2009. Also in 2009, a signed, limited edition of 500 numbered and 26 lettered copies was published in the US by Subterranean Press. It has won the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel, Arthur C. Clarke Award, World Fantasy Award, BSFA Award and Kitschies Red Tentacle; tied with Paolo Bacigalupi's "The Windup Girl" for the 2010 Hugo Award for Best Novel, and been nominated for a Nebula Award and John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
Synopsis.
Inspector Tyador Borlú, of the Extreme Crime Squad in the European city-state of Besźel, investigates the murder of Mahalia Geary, a foreign student found dead with her face disfigured in a Besźel street. He soon learns that Geary had been involved in the political and cultural turmoil involving Besźel and its "twin city" of Ul Qoma. His investigations start in his home city of Besźel, lead him to Ul Qoma to assist the Ul Qoman police in their work, and eventually result in an examination of the legend of Orciny, a rumoured third city existing in the spaces between Besźel and Ul Qoma.
Setting.
"The City & the City" takes place in the cities of Besźel and Ul Qoma. These two cities actually occupy much of the same geographical space, but via the volition of their citizens (and the threat of the secret power known as Breach), they are "perceived" as two different cities. A denizen of one city must dutifully 'unsee' (that is, consciously erase from their mind or fade into the background) the denizens, buildings, and events taking place in the other city – even if they are an inch away. This separation is emphasised by the style of clothing, architecture, gait, and the way denizens of each city generally carry themselves. Residents of the cities are taught from childhood to recognise things belonging to the other city without actually "seeing" them. Ignoring the separation, even by accident, is called "breaching" – a terrible crime by the citizens of the two cities, even worse than murder.
The twin cities are composed of crosshatched, alter, and total areas. "Total" areas are entirely in one city, the city in which the observer currently resides. "Alter" areas are completely in the "other" city, and so must be completely avoided and ignored. Between these are areas of "crosshatch". These might be streets, parks or squares where denizens of both cities walk alongside one another, albeit "unseen." Areas that exist in both cities usually go under different names in each one. There is also Copula Hall, "one of the very few" buildings which exists in both cities under the same name. Rather than being cross-hatched, it essentially functions as a border. It is the only way in which one can legally and officially pass from one city to another. Passing through the border passage takes travellers, geographically (or "grosstopically"), to the exact place they started from – only in a different city.
From a physical standpoint, little differentiates the two cities, other than slight differences of architecture, vehicles and styles of dress which citizens and visitors are trained to recognise. Those who do not know about the separation might naturally view the two cities as one. Because of this, an extra power is needed to keep the separation in place: this organisation is known as Breach. When a 'breach' takes place (used here in the sense of 'breaching' the barrier between the two cities), Breach comes to take care of it. Members of the Breach organisation use their powers to take the breacher captive, and bring them to an unknown punishment. "Breachers", as they are called, disappear and are never seen again. Children and tourists, however, are treated more leniently: children may be forgiven for a small breach; if tourists breach, they are bundled out and banned from both cities forever.
Most breaches are taken care of by Breach immediately, but its surveillance capabilities are not absolute. Sometimes Breach must be specifically invoked to investigate a crime that seems to be a clear-cut case of breach, such as a smuggling operation that involves breaching to transport the smuggled goods from one city to the other. To invoke Breach, the police must present their evidence to an Oversight Committee composed of 42 members, 21 from each city. If the evidence presented is convincing enough, the Committee performs whatever other investigation into the matter it deems appropriate to resolve any remaining doubts its members have. If its investigation concludes to its satisfaction that a breach has taken place, then and only then will it invoke Breach. Invoking Breach is a last resort because it is an alien power to which some consider that Besźel and Ul Qoma surrender their sovereignty at their peril.
Reception.
Reviewing the book for "The Guardian", Michael Moorcock concludes:
Andrew McKie reviewed the book for "The Spectator" and suggested:
In September 2010, the novel won the 2010 Hugo Award for Best Novel, tied with Paolo Bacigalupi's "The Windup Girl". In April 2010, it won the BSFA Award for Best Novel of 2009, as well as the 2010 Arthur C. Clarke Award. In October 2010 the novel won the World Fantasy Award for Best Novel, and in January 2010 it obtained the 2009 Kitschies Red Tentacle. In 2011, the German translation "Die Stadt und die Stadt" won the Kurd-Laßwitz-Preis.
Adaptations.
The City and the City was adapted into a play by Christopher M. Walsh. The show premiered at Lifeline Theatre of Chicago in February 2013. It was Jeff recommended.

</doc>
<doc id="19215450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215450" title="Ancient Diocese of the Faroe Islands">
Ancient Diocese of the Faroe Islands

The former Catholic Diocese of the Faroe Islands existed from the 11th century to the Protestant Reformation. The Faroe Islands are now included in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Copenhagen.
History.
As recorded in the Færeyinga Saga, Sigmundur Brestisson came to the Faroes and converted the people to Christianity more or less one by one. He was eventually attacked at his home by his first (forced) convert, Tróndur í Gøtu, swam to another island to escape, and was finally killed by a farmer for his gold jewelry.
There is some confusion as to when the first bishop for the islands was consecrated, as Adam of Bremen notes that a self-proclaimed bishop of Helgoland was referred to in Latin as the bishop of "Farria." 
The bishops of the Faroe Islands were usually chosen from the canons of the Diocese of Bergen and were originally suffragans of the Archdiocese of Hamburg-Bremen. The diocese was granted to Lund in 1104 and then Nidaros after 1152. The see was based at Kirkjubøur, which legend holds was given to Bishop Orm by Gæsa Sigursdottir as a penance for her having eaten meat during Lent. Some of the bishops are known to have kept mistresses, and it was reported that clergy in the Faroes would on occasion demand prima nocte rights.
Amund Olafson was the last Roman Catholic bishop of the islands and was forced to yield his see and title to the Lutheran superintendent Jens Riber. Later, only "provosts" were elected. The Catholic clergy were unable to resist the advance of Lutheranism. By the end of 16th century, the Catholic faith had disappeared.
In the Catholic epa, at least, no little attention paid to the construction and adornment of churches, as may be seen from the ruins of the unfinished Magnus Cathedral of Kirkjubøur. The thick basaltic walls broken by high, massive windows are evidence that the original builders meant to erect a Gothic church. It remained unfinished.

</doc>
<doc id="19215462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215462" title="Romolo Guerrieri">
Romolo Guerrieri

Romolo Guerrieri (born 5 December 1931) is an Italian film director and screenwriter. He directed 17 films between 1961 and 1992. He was born in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19215501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215501" title="Arboretum de Balaine">
Arboretum de Balaine

The Arboretum de Balaine (20 hectares) is a historic arboretum located in Villeneuve-sur-Allier, Allier, Auvergne, France. It is open daily in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The arboretum was created in 1804 by Aglaia Adanson, daughter of naturalist Michel Adanson, as an English-style park on surrounding a mansion inherited her father. She formed an arboretum of exotic species, following the example of Joséphine de Beauharnais at the Château de Malmaison in Rueil. The family has continued to own the park since its creation, and describe it as the oldest private botanical park in France. It was classified a historical monument in 1993.
Today the arboretum contains about 2500 taxa planted across 200 years, including "Acer palmatum", Cypress, Fagus, Carya, Liquidambar, Nyssa, Quercus, and Sassafras, as well as azaleas, camellias, davidias, magnolias, rhododendrons, viburnums, a fine collection of Cornus, and old roses and hydrangeas. Noteworthy specimens include a 36-meter giant sequoia ("Sequoiadendron giganteum") planted in 1856, a "Sequoia sempervirens", a 45-meter bald cypress from Louisiana planted in 1822, and a 30-meter tupelo ("Nyssa sylvatica").

</doc>
<doc id="19215506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215506" title="Austrians in the United Kingdom">
Austrians in the United Kingdom

Austrians in the United Kingdom include citizens or non-citizen immigrants of the United Kingdom whose origins of Austria.
History.
Austrians have existed in what is now the UK for centuries, but it was only during the 1930s when Austrians came to the UK in their thousands. The vast majority of these were Austrian Jews who fled to the UK to escape the Nazi leadership during the period of the Third Reich or 'National Socialist Period' (1933–1945).
Population.
According to the 2001 UK Census, some 20,000 Austrian born people were living in the UK, which is actually a drop of around 5% from 1991, despite this there are also large but unknown numbers of British born people of Austrian descent, which is reflected in the list of famous Austrian British people below. The population spread of Austrian born people can be seen below.

</doc>
<doc id="19215508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215508" title="Aplindore">
Aplindore

Aplindore (DAB-452) is a drug which acts as a partial agonist selective for the dopamine receptor D2. It is being developed by the pharmaceutical company Neurogen as a treatment for Parkinson's disease and restless legs syndrome.
On December 23rd Neurogen was acquired by Ligand Pharmaceuticals. Rights to Aplindore were given to Ligand around time of merger. As of 2008, Phase II was completed and Ligand. 
Upon reviewing company website (Ligand.com) this drug is currently not listed at the moment due to several programs already partnered with GSK. GSK holds a significant share of the drug RLS drug programs on the market with Requip XR and the recent FDA approval of Horizant. To prevent any direct competition and losing strong ties with GSK, Aplindore is not listed at the moment on Lidgand website. If this medication were to reach phase III, this could adversely effect Ligand`s portfolio of partnered and unpartnered assets. By electing not to list the drug on company website, Ligand maintains the appearance that they are "currently actively seeking a partner" when a potential investor inquirers about drug development via email.

</doc>
<doc id="19215515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215515" title="Institute of Transport Economics">
Institute of Transport Economics

The Institute of Transport Economics (, TØI) is a research institution working within the field of transport economics, predominantly applied research in Norway. It was founded as a government agency in 1958, and since 1964 as a subsidiary of the Royal Norwegian Council for Scientific and Industrial Research. Since 1986 it has been a private foundation. Funding is provided through the Research Council of Norway (30%) and public authorities ordering reports. The institute is based at Blindern in Oslo, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19215530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215530" title="James Gadson">
James Gadson

James Gadson (born June 17, 1939) is an American drummer and session musician. Beginning his career in the late 1960s, Gadson has since become one of the most-recorded drummers in the history of R&B music.
Born in Kansas City, Missouri, Gadson played with the first line-up of Charles Wright's Watts 103rd Street Rhythm Band and recorded three albums with them between 1968 and 1970. Along with other members of Wright's band he went on to appear on many hit records including Dyke & the Blazers. Gadson started to become well known as a drummer following the release of the album "Still Bill", by Bill Withers, released by Sussex Records in 1972. He played on the Temptations album "1990", released on the Motown label in 1973. In 1975 he played with Freddie King on "Larger than life" and went on to record with Martha Reeves, Randy Crawford, Quincy Jones, Herbie Hancock, BB King, Albert King, Rose Royce, Elkie Brooks and many more household names.
In 1975 he anchored with percussive dexterity the Motown classic double platinum album; "City Of Angels" recorded by Billy Griffin & The Miracles.
Gadson appeared on two tracks on the 2005 Paul McCartney album "Chaos and Creation in the Back Yard", "At The Mercy" and "Riding To Vanity Fair".
He has a brief appearance in the Adam Sandler 2009 movie "Funny People" as a member of the jam band that Sandler's character hires to play with him.
In April, 2009, Gadson joined Alex Dixon, grandson of legendary bluesman Willie Dixon, on his 2009 release titled "Rising From The Bushes," in which he appeared on two tracks, which were "Fantasy" and his grandfather's famous song "Spoonful".
In June, 2009, Gadson joined Beck, Wilco, Feist and Jamie Lidell covering Skip Spence's "Oar" as part of Beck's Record Club series, with videos appearing on Beck's website beginning November, 2009. He has drummed on Beck's albums "Sea Change" and "The Information", as well as Jamie Lidell's 2010 album "Compass"
Discography.
As sideman.
With Brass Fever
With Blue Mitchell
With Lalo Schifrin
Notes.
patrick juvet for " paris by night "

</doc>
<doc id="19215583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215583" title="François de Robiano">
François de Robiano

Count François Xavier Jean–Marie de Robiano (Brussels, 23 December 1778 – Saint-Gilles 6 July 1836) was a Belgian politician. He was the first governor of the province of Antwerp after the independence of Belgium in 1830.
Political career.
François de Robiano was a member of the National Congress of Belgium from 1830 until 1831. He was senator in the Belgian Senate from 1831 until 1836 and governor of Antwerp from 4 October 1830 until 7 April 1831.

</doc>
<doc id="19215588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215588" title="1992 Tennis Channel Open – Singles">
1992 Tennis Channel Open – Singles

Stefano Pescosolido won the title, defeating Brad Gilbert 6–0, 1–6, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19215602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215602" title="Owego Central Historic District">
Owego Central Historic District

Owego Central Historic District is a historic district in Owego in Tioga County, New York. It encompasses 83 contributing buildings, 1 contributing site, and 1 contributing structure. The district is primarily commercial, with some notable civic and institutional buildings. Notable buildings include the former Owego Academy (1828), County Clerk's Office, Owego Village Firehouse (1911), Owego National Bank (1913), Presbyterian Church, and the Greek Revival and Italianate style Riverow commercial complex.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and its boundaries were increased in 1998.
The district includes Tioga County Courthouse and U.S. Post Office (Owego, New York), which are separately listed on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19215615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215615" title="Her Country's Call">
Her Country's Call

"Her Country's Call" was a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Lloyd Ingraham. The film is the final installment in a series a films written by Abraham Lincoln impersonator Benjamin Chapin.
The film starred Mary Miles Minter, George Periolat and Allan Forrest. The film's writer, Benjamin Chapin, also appeared as Abraham Lincoln. "Her Country's Call" is presumed lost.
Plot.
Jess Slocum (Minter) is a mountain girl who was stolen as a baby by moonshiner Jim. She was raised to hate America, but is now taken in by Captain Earle Neville when Jim is sent to jail. Earle takes care of Jess, who is wounded, but she is afraid of her new surroundings and soon runs back to the mountain. On her way back, she overhears a group of Mexicans planning to destroy the nearby camp. She rushes back to warn them and is declared a hero. Jim confesses that Jess is the daughter of Confederate Army Colonel Tremaine. He had taken revenge on the Colonel when he was thrown out of the camp. Jess is reunited with her father and falls in love with Earle.

</doc>
<doc id="19215627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215627" title="Arboretum de l'Ile de la Ronde">
Arboretum de l'Ile de la Ronde

The Arboretum de l'Ile de la Ronde (6 hectares) is an arboretum located in Saint-Pourçain-sur-Sioule, Allier, Auvergne, France. It is open daily; admission is free.
The arboretum is set within a park on the Ile de la Rond, bordering the Sioule river, and contains walking paths among a variety of flowers and trees.

</doc>
<doc id="19215641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215641" title="Clemens van Blitterswijk">
Clemens van Blitterswijk

Clemens A. van Blitterswijk (born 7 July 1957, The Hague) graduated as cell biologist at Leiden University in 1982. He defended his PhD thesis in 1985 at the same university on artificial ceramic middle ear implants, for which he was awarded the Jean Leray award, the Marie Parijs award and the Klein award in the following years. He continued his research primarily on bone replacement, with extensions to cartilage and skin substitution.
Today most of van Blitterswijk's research deals with tissue engineering applications. He has authored and co-authored over 200 scientific papers, guided more than 40 PhD students as promotor or co-promotor, is inventor on numerous patents, and frequently serves as invited speaker or chairman at international conferences. For his more recent work he received the George Winter Award of the European Society for Biomaterials and was appointed Fellow of Biomaterials Science and Engineering by the international liaison committee.
He acts and has acted on numerous advisory organs relating directly to life and material sciences, or to the economic applications thereof, and held positions such as chairman of the Dutch Society for Biomaterials and treasurer of the European Society for Biomaterials.
During his career van Blitterswijk has co-founded four biomedical companies and held several functions in those organizations. He acted as CEO of IsoTis, a public life sciences company, from 1996 to 2002. In total he raised over 120 million euros in funding through equity and/or grants. Resulting from his work 10 implant technologies were brought into clinical evaluation in humans.
Van Blitterswijk is considered a pioneer in the field of Materiomics which deals the complexities of materials in tissue engineering. He has recently published a textbook on tissue engineering.
In May 2012, van Blitterswijk was elected to the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences (KNAW).
Today van Blitterswijk holds an appointment at University of Twente where, as chair of the Department of Tissue Regeneration, he heads a team of PhD students active in the field of tissue engineering. In January 2014 it was announced that Blitterswijk and his research group will relocate to Maastricht University.

</doc>
<doc id="19215646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215646" title="Grŵp Gwalia Cyf">
Grŵp Gwalia Cyf

Grŵp Gwalia Cyf is a housing association (provider of social housing) in south and mid Wales. It is the largest housing association in Wales in terms of staff and turnover.[http://www.gwalia.com/main.cfm?Type=SI]
Grŵp Gwalia is a hybrid college recognised by the University of South Wales.
Gwalia's Chief Executive is Professor Michael A H Williams LLM, BA(Hons), PGCE, PGDipFE, FCMI, FIOD, ACIH. He has fulfilled that role since 1982. The group manages over 10,000 units of accommodation including tenant residences, care units and student flats. 
The group was founded as Gwalia Housing Society Ltd in Swansea in 1973. The society was organised by a group of local people and consultants to provide quality low cost housing in Wales. The organisation was renamed Gwalia Housing Group Ltd in the 1980s and Grŵp Gwalia Cyf in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19215658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215658" title="Chen Kunshu">
Chen Kunshu

Chen Kunshu (陳坤書) ( ?---May 1864), eminent military leader of the Taiping Rebellion, and known during his military tenure as the King of Who (護王) (means Prince Protector) . He led Taiping forces to many military victories especially the Second rout the Army Group Jiangnan. He was executed by Li Hongzhang after interrogation in 1864,Chen is important general and soul person for late-Taiping Rebellion.
Hong use Chen for balance Li Xiucheng too large power with merit originally.
Wins.
Eastern Front
It made Zeng Guofan offer a reward of 50,000 silver tael to arrest alive Chen and death 25,000 tael(then a soldier salary was 2 silver tael one month ).
Western Front

</doc>
<doc id="19215662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215662" title="Anandabharati Aiyangar">
Anandabharati Aiyangar

Anandabharati Aiyangar (1786–1846) was a Tamil poet and dramatist.
Personal life.
Anandabharati was born in 1786 at Umeiyammalpuram near Thanjavur. He was the son of a wealthy "mirasdar" (landlord) named Srinivasa Aiyangar. At the age of thirteen, he composed a drama named "Nondi" in praise of "Yaneimelazhagar", the patron deity of his village. Soon afterwards, he migrated, along with his father, to Thiruvallur, where he lived for three years. From the age of fifteen, he was successively employed as the "karnam" and "Samprathi" of two different temples in Thanjavur. At the age of twenty-five, he resigned his job and settled down at Tiruvidaimarudur where he spent the rest of his life writing poems. Aiyarappa Tambiran, the "dharmakarta" of the shrine at Tiruvidaimarudur was so pleased at a drama written by him in praise of the presiding deity that he honored him with the gift of a house and garden, and conferred on him the title of "Kavirajaswami". Anandabharati Aiyangar died in 1846 at the age of sixty.
Poetic compositions.
Some of his famous poetical compositions are "Uttara Ramayana Kirtana", "Desikaprabandham", "Bagavata Dasamaskanda Nadagam","Marudur Venba" and "Muppattirattu".
He also composed hymns in honor of the Saivite shrines at Tiruchirapalli, Tirukadanthai and Thiruvaduthurai.

</doc>
<doc id="19215668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19215668" title="Flip Reverse">
Flip Reverse

"Flip Reverse" is a song by ten-piece hip-hop group Blazin' Squad, released as the second single from their second studio album, "Now or Never".
Background.
Although initially against releasing the song as a single, East West released "Flip Reverse" as the second single from "Now or Never" on November 3, 2003. It became the group's last single to be released on the discontinued cassette format. Released a week prior to "Now or Never", the single became the group's second most successful single to date, peaking at #2 on the UK Singles Chart on the week of release. The radio edit of "Flip Reverse" cuts around twenty seconds of instrumental music from the intersection of the song.
Music video.
The music video for "Flip Reverse" premiered in September 2003, at a total length of two minutes and fifty-six seconds. The video focuses on the group performing the song in a crowded club, surrounded by a group of girls. The video also shows scenes of members of the band break dancing, and leaving the club with a gaggle of girls following behind. As of 2012, "Flip Reverse" has become the group's most-played video on UK music channels, receiving nearly twice as many plays as "Crossroads", the group's only number-one single.

</doc>
