<doc id="19123174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123174" title="Crescent Porter Hale">
Crescent Porter Hale

Crescent Porter Hale (1872–1937) was an American industrialist who was involved in the canned salmon industry in Bristol Bay, Alaska throughout his adult life.
Early life.
Born in Santa Cruz, CA as the 7th child of gold rush pioneer Titus Hale, the family moved to a farm on the lower Sacramento River in 1880. In 1885 Hale’s sister Rose married a Sacramento cannery man, Joseph Peter Haller, who was hired to build the first cannery on Bristol Bay’s Nushagak River earlier that year. Haller was then asked by William Bradford to build another cannery across the river and when he returned to Alaska in 1886, he brought along his 14-year old brother in law Crescent.
Crescent Hale, also known as Cress or Cres, returned to the Nushagak, near present day Dillingham, AK, in the summers that followed. At the Bradford cannery, he was schooled in the salmon canning trade. He was there in 1893 when all four Nushagak canneries merged with others to form the Alaska Packers Association (APA), a cannery cartel designed to control production and sell off surplus stockpiles of canned salmon. 
At age 21, Cress was named superintendent of the Bradford cannery, later renamed the Diamond BB after the company name, the Bristol Bay Packing Co. Hale caught the eye of competitors and in 1899 the Pacific Steam Whaling Company hired 27-year old Cress to build a salmon cannery at Nushagak Point and serve as its first superintendent.
North Alaska Salmon Company.
Then in 1900, Joseph Haller formed the North Alaska Salmon Company and returned to Bristol Bay with two of his brothers-in-law. Cress Hale was named general superintendent of Haller’s company and Hale’s brother William as bookkeeper. 
Cress built two new canneries: one on the Kvichak River at a place named Hallerville and the other on the Egegik River across from the APA’s Diamond E. Two years later, he expanded North Alaska’s holdings again, building the Lockenok Cannery at the confluence of the Kvichak and Alagnak Rivers and the returned to the Nushagak to establish a cannery at Ekuk.
The North Alaska Salmon Co. emerged as the biggest competitor to the APA and in 1903 briefly took the lead in a technological race to mechanize the salmon canning process. Canning operations were mostly mechanized by the turn of the 20th century, except for cleaning the fish itself which was mostly done by Chinese workers. Haller and Hale formed the Canners Machine Co. and allied with the Letson Burpee Co. of Seattle and ran its fish cleaning machines at all of its canneries. Hale was awarded patent 798,334 for his improvements to the machine in 1905, but eventually the design of Edmund Augustine Smith, better known as the “Iron Chink,” became the industry standard. 
In 1906, Hale married Mabel Eugenie Jackson, a dance hall girl from Rochester, New York and three years later, they had their only child, Elwyn. 1909 also saw publication of the first novel written about Bristol Bay, "The Silver Horde" by Rex Beach, and Cress Hale was assumed to be its inspiration. It’s doubtful that Hale and Beach ever met however and most of Beach’s novels were formulaic potboilers not drawn from real life but Cress Hale fit the bill. "The Silver Horde" is the story of a young cannery superintendent who takes on the cannery trust dominated by Chicago meat packers. At the time, Hale was superintendent of a company second only to the giant APA but the similarities end there.
Real life concerns kept Hale busy. After mudflats blocked access to the Lockenok cannery in 1912, Hale staked a homestead claim on the Alagnak River to provide the cannery with riverfront access, even though it required a short rail line to get to the cannery. Likewise, the Hallerville cannery was plagued by mud flats. It closed in 1913 and Hale built another cannery on Kvichak Bay just above Pederson Point and moved the Hallerville equipment there.
The salmon industry prospered early in the 20th century and the outbreak of the First World War created huge demand for salmon that soon pushed Bristol Bay’s annual harvest over 20 million reds. Joseph Haller, however, died of a heart ailment in 1915 and the North Alaska Salmon Co. was sold to Libby, McNeill and Libby, ironically a Chicago-based meat packing concern such as the antagonist in "The Silver Horde". Hale’s relocated Hallerville cannery was renamed Libbyville.
Cress Hale didn’t sit idle for long. Praised in the trade journals as “one of the best all around, competent cannerymen in Western Alaska,” Hale bought the Alaska Salmon Company cannery on Wood River near Dillingham in 1916. He organized under the name Northern Fisheries and in 1918 bought the Union Fish Company, a major cod-fishing concern with roots that traced back to the acquisition of Alaska from Russia. In 1923 he bought the Bristol Bay Packing Company cannery at Pederson Point near Naknek. 
Hale recognized the potential of California sardines and bought the 420-foot Peralta in 1924 which he converted into a floating sardine reduction plant. The Peralta was an experimental ship with a hull built out of concrete due to a shortage of steel during the First World War.
The 1920s were generally strong years for Bristol Bay salmon and Hale helped introduce popular culture to the region by showing movies at his Wood River cannery. The films attracted hundreds, including cannery workers and local residents. Serials and westerns were popular as well as cartoons like Krazy Kat and Mickey Mouse.
Hale produced his own promotional movie, shot and edited by his Wood River cannery superintendent Joe Hidzik. Called Ice Kist Treasures after Hale’s premier salmon brand, the film shows workers signing up, departing aboard cannery steamers, fishing boats, cannery operations and even a trip to the Wood Tikchik lakes. A copy of the film is available at the J. Porter Shaw library at the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park. 
As the roaring 20s came to a close, Cress Hale was nearing age 60 and after 40 years of canning salmon in Bristol Bay, he started thinking about retirement. Quietly, Hale began talking about selling out. He wanted $2.35 million and his timing seemed perfect. The industry was strong and markets healthy but events beyond his control soon ran against him: the stock market crash of 1929 and the forecast of a poor salmon return in 1930.
The APA took an interest in Hale’s operation primarily for access to his fishing boats, which were limited under a federal quota program. When they offered just $1.4 million, Hale turned the offer down and struck a deal with to custom pack salmon for the A&P Tea Company which also operated the Nakeen cannery on the Kvichak River.
1936 fire.
The 1936 season was Cress Hale’s 50th in Bristol Bay and it started off with all indications of a strong run of salmon. By July 7, midway through the season, Hale had packed 40,000 cases but after he made his daily afternoon rounds through the Pederson Point cannery and settled into his office to deal with paperwork, all hell broke loose.
A fire started in a rear storage building and whipped by strong winds quickly spread through the wooden structure. The complex of buildings lacked any fire breaks and even worse, the heat buckled pipes that supplied the cannery with water. As fire hoses ran dry the fire spread unchecked from one building to the next. No one was injured but the loss of the cannery and its salmon pack was total. The cause of the fire was never determined. The facility was insured but the insurance and legal issues involved were so complicated, the insurance industry wrote a book about it called "The Bristol Bay Fire".
Hale returned to his home in Piedmont, California started drawing up plans to rebuild. His new design divided the canning lines into two separate buildings with a substantial fire break in between. In late February, 1937, Hale wrote President Franklin D. Roosevelt warning about reports of Japanese plans to fish for Bristol Bay salmon. Within a few months, the issue erupted into a major diplomatic dispute between the U.S. and Japan but Hale did not live to see it. 
On March 29, 1937, Hale died at age 65 of what was reported as thrombosis or blood clots. Mabel described his passing as, “A stanch ship sets sail for distant shores.” The book about the Bristol Bay fire was just coming off the press and his insurance brokers inserted a card that dedicated it to Hale.
The cannery after Hale's death.
The rebuilding of the Pederson Point cannery took place as scheduled. Mabel visited both the Pederson Point and Wood River canneries in 1937 and erected bronze plaques as memorials to its fallen superintendent. 
Northern Fisheries reorganized with longtime VP Charlie Cocks as president and Elwyn Hale as secretary and manager. Mabel also took an active role in the company. Hale’s canneries ran for the next three years but financial problems forced both to close after the 1939 season. Mabel continued to court a buyer and finally in 1943, the two Bristol Bay canneries were sold to Alaska Pacific Salmon Company for $1.1 million. The newly rebuilt Pederson Point cannery soon reopened under new leadership but the Wood River cannery was shuttered and dismantled. The site sat vacant for 40 years until another processor took interest in the location for a freezer plant.
Mabel Eugenie Hale invested the earnings from her husband’s fishing business in oil and potash leases and did quite well, amassing a small fortune that afforded her a comfortable home and a Rolls Royce. She became a patron of the arts and education and in 1962 endowed a foundation which she named after her late husband. The Crescent Porter Hale Foundation continues to this day and awards grants to Catholic schools and arts and education programs in the San Francisco area.
Mabel outlived Elwyn, who never married and died in 1974 at age 65. Mabel Eugenie Hale lived to be 100. She died in 1982. Both the Peterson Point and Ekuk canneries remain operational today but Hale’s other canneries have long since been dismantled or destroyed. A freezer plant occupies the site of the Wood River cannery and was recently purchased by Snopac Products. The Peralta and other WWI vintage concrete hulled ships remain afloat as part of a floating breakwater around a timber plant in Powell River, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19123183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123183" title="Kenneth Scicluna">
Kenneth Scicluna

Kenneth Scicluna (born 15 June 1979 in Pietà, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Qormi. where he plays as a defender.
Playing career.
Scicluna started his career in the Luqa Youth Nursery at the age of nine in 1988. He played in all age groups from 15-17 and also in Division three with the same club. In 1997, he moved to Zabbar St. Patricks. He remained with the Saints until season 1999, scoring one goal.. In season 1999–2000, Scicluna joined Maltese Premier League side Birkirkara, where he made 130 appearances and won the championship twice. In season 2006–07, he joined Qormi on a four-month loan. He then joined Valletta.Later in the season of 2011-12,he was linked to Mosta FC but joined Qormi FC on loan.
International career.
Scicluna has been capped 25 times for the Maltese Under-21 side. He made his debut with the national team in 2005 and so far has earned 27 caps.
Honours.
Birkirkara.
Winner
Valletta.
Winner

</doc>
<doc id="19123190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123190" title="Doris Gibson">
Doris Gibson

Doris Gibson Parra del Riego (28 April 1910 – 23 August 2008) was a Peruvian magazine writer and publisher. She is most noted as the founder and editor of the Peruvian weekly newsmagazine "Caretas".
She has been described as "a feminist before the movement had begun, and according to many, a visionary who influenced the course of Peru's recent history through the brave and defiant reporting of the magazine she created".
Life and work.
Doris Gibson was born in Lima. Her father was the Peruvian poet of English/German ancestry Percy Gibson Moller. She married an Argentine diplomat, Manlio Zileri. They had one child, Enrique Zileri, who also became an editor of "Caretas".
She had a relationship with the artist, Sérvulo Gutiérrez, for whom she was a muse as well as a lover. After Gibson and Gutiérrez had a heated argument, he rid himself of a full-size nude painting that he had executed of Gibson. He sold it to a well-off businessman. When she learned of the transaction, Gibson traveled to the businessman's house with a photographer and, on the pretext of needing daylight for a photograph, took the painting outside and promptly drove away with it. When the man later asked for its return, she responded, "I don't want to be nude in your house."
Caretas.
Gibson started the weekly newsmagazine "Caretas" in 1950, using 10,000 Peruvian soles which her uncle had lent her, along with a room and a typewriter. The first issue appeared in October 1950, but before the end of the year her operation was shut down by then-dictator Manuel A. Odría (1948–1956). This pattern became familiar: the operation was closed five times by the government of Juan Velasco Alvarado (1975–1980)(in October 1969 Velasco ordered the arrest and deportation Spain of then-editor Enrique Zileri Gibson). The operation was closed again under the regime of Francisco Morales Bermúdez (1975–1980).
The government of Fernando Belaúnde Terry (1980–1985) gave the magazine the "Orden del Sol del Perú", in recognition of its services.
The government of Alejandro Toledo (2001–2006) also gave the magazine "La Orden de Mérito", for "Distinguished Service".
Marco Zilero Dougall was editor of the magazine when Doris Gibson Parra died in Lima.
Later years and death.
Gibson Parra entered a Peruvian clinic in August 2008 for treatment of pneumonia. She died there on 23 August 2008. She was predeceased by former husband Manlio Zileri. Peruvian President Alan García and several of his ministers attended her wake.

</doc>
<doc id="19123210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123210" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1924–1926">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1924–1926

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1924 to 21 May 1926. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. In the previous term, the Country Party split into rival Ministerial (MCP) and Executive (ECP) factions. The Executive faction, loyal to the Primary Producers' Association, prevailed and by 1925 the Ministerial faction had merged with the remnants of the National Labor Party into the Nationalist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19123216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123216" title="William Fytche">
William Fytche

William Fytche was an administrator of the English East India Company. He served as President of Bengal in the mid-eighteenth century. He was one of the last administrators before the Battle of Plassey allowed the company to firmly establish its rule in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19123358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123358" title="Roger Drake (colonial administrator)">
Roger Drake (colonial administrator)

Roger Drake was an administrator of the English East India Company. He served as President of Bengal in the mid-eighteenth century. He abandoned Fort William in Calcutta as it was under attack by Siraj Ud Daulah. The people who remained behind in the Fort were then thrown into the Black Hole of Calcutta. Drake survived to return to England. He was succeeded by Robert Clive who was to transform the fortunes of the company after the Battle of Plassey and firmly establish Company rule in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19123367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123367" title="2000 in chess">
2000 in chess

Events in chess during the year 2000:
Top players.
FIDE top 10 players by Elo rating - July 2000;

</doc>
<doc id="19123388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123388" title="Phlegmasia alba dolens">
Phlegmasia alba dolens

Phlegmasia alba dolens (also colloquially known as milk leg or white leg) is part of a spectrum of diseases related to deep vein thrombosis. Historically, it was commonly seen during pregnancy and in mothers who have just given birth. In cases of pregnancy, it is most often seen during the third trimester, resulting from a compression of the left common iliac vein against the pelvic rim by the enlarged uterus. Today, this disease is most commonly (40% of the time) related to some form of underlying malignancy. Hypercoagulability (a propensity to clot formation) is a well-known state that occurs in many cancer states.
The disease presumably begins with a deep vein thrombosis that progresses to total occlusion of the deep venous system. It is at this stage that it is called phlegmasia alba dolens. It is a sudden (acute) process. The leg, then, must rely on the superficial venous system for drainage. The superficial system is not adequate to handle the large volume of blood being delivered to the leg via the arterial system. The result is edema, pain and a white appearance ("alba") of the leg. The next step in the disease progression is occlusion of the superficial venous system, thereby preventing all venous outflow from the extremity. At this stage it is called phlegmasia cerulea dolens. The leg becomes more swollen and increasingly more painful. Additionally, the edema and loss of venous outflow impedes the arterial inflow. Ischemia and, hence, gangrene are the ultimate dreaded consequence.
Phlegmasia alba dolens is distinguished, clinically, from phlegmasia cerulea dolens in that there is no ischemia.
"Phlegmasia alba dolens" literally means "painful white edema". It received the name "milk leg" because it was once thought to be caused by the metastasis of milk.
The incidence of this disease is not well reported.

</doc>
<doc id="19123416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123416" title="Valea Mare River (Aiud)">
Valea Mare River (Aiud)

The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19123431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123431" title="Kharkhar">
Kharkhar

Kharkhar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19123465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123465" title="Anders Abraham Grafström">
Anders Abraham Grafström

Anders Abraham Grafström (January 10, 1790 – July 24, 1870) was a Swedish historian, priest and poet.
Life.
Grafström was born in Sundsvall. In 1819, he was the library secretary of Uppsala University. The following year he was named as a lecturer in history at the university, and he later taught at the Military Academy Karlberg. In 1835 he was appointed as a pastor in Umeå, where he lived until his death. He was admitted into the Swedish Academy in 1839, occupying Seat 6.
Grafström belonged to the literary circle centred on Malla Silfverstolpe. He wrote a famous biography of his father-in-law Frans Michael Franzén. Some of Grafström's poetry was set to music by the composer Johan Erik Nordblom. 
His daughter married Artur Hazelius, the teacher and folklorist. 
In his later years, Grafström was a vocal exponent of the expansion of the railway network into Norrland. 
He died at Umeå, aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="19123479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123479" title="Geyer, Ohio">
Geyer, Ohio

Geyer is an unincorporated community in southwestern Clay Township, Auglaize County, Ohio, United States. Go to http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Geyer_Family_1912.jpg
for a picture of the Geyer family. Also see http://www.findagrave.com/cgi-bin/fg.cgi?page=gr&GSln=Geyer&GSfn=George&GSbyrel=all&GSdyrel=all&GSst=37&GScnty=2045&GScntry=4&GSob=n&GRid=59521993&df=all&
It is located southeast of Wapakoneta and north of Jackson Center. The community is served by the Wapakoneta City School District and the Wapakoneta (45895) post office.

</doc>
<doc id="19123513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123513" title="The Infernal Devices">
The Infernal Devices

The Infernal Devices is a series of novels by author Cassandra Clare, centering on a race called the Shadowhunters introduced in her "The Mortal Instruments" series. This series takes place in Victorian England, ten years after the peace treaties between the demon-fighting Shadowhunters and Downworlders (vampires, fairies, werewolves, and warlocks) was signed. As Shadowhunters consider themselves superior or purer than Downworlders and demons, they may have few qualms about killing either. The first book in The Infernal Devices is entitled "Clockwork Angel" and begins the story of Tessa Gray, an orphaned teenage girl who is looking for her brother Nate Gray, who has disappeared, and seeks her true identity.
Her search plunges her into a world she never knew existed, and reveals talents she never knew she had. She will have to learn to master them if she wants to find her brother, and must forge an alliance with Shadowhunters if she wants to survive in this dangerous world. Many of the family names of the Shadowhunters used in The Mortal Instruments are first introduced in this series. Another character in The Infernal Devices, Magnus Bane, the High Warlock of Brooklyn, also plays a part in this series set in Victorian England.
As Tessa Gray is drawn deeper into the Shadow world, and goes on the quest of finding her brother, she falls in love with two Shadowhunters–but when it comes to choosing one, trouble begins to brew and suspense finds its way into her life.
The books also contain many quotes referring to famous pieces of Victorian Literature like Oscar Wilde's "The Importance of Being Earnest", and the works of Samuel Taylor Coleridge and Alfred Tennyson.
Synopsis.
The series takes place in Victorian England, a short time after the peace treaties between Downworlders and Shadowhunters. As Shadowhunters consider themselves superior or purer than Downworlders or demons, they may have no qualms about killing either.
The series follows Tessa Gray, an orphaned teenage girl who discovers she has the power to shapeshift, but doesn't bear a mark that shows she is a warlock, abilities that plunge her into a world she never knew existed, and she will have to learn to master them if she wants to find her brother Nate. To do this, she will have to forge an alliance with Shadowhunters if she wants to survive in this dangerous world.
The trilogy series Will Herondale, Jem Carstairs, Tessa Gray, and other Downworlders and Shadowhunters in the London Institute.
Reception.
The series has received much positive critical reception, averaging a score of 4.7/5 on Goodreads.

</doc>
<doc id="19123531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123531" title="St. Peter's Boys High School">
St. Peter's Boys High School

St. Peter's Boys' High School is a Catholic all-boys high school located in the New Brighton area of Staten Island in New York City. St. Peter's is affiliated with the Christian Brothers of St. John Baptist de la Salle. The school is located at 200 Clinton Avenue and is part of the St. Peter's parish on Staten Island, which also runs a grammar school and all-girls high school. It is a member of the CHSAA.
History.
Origins.
The origins of St. Peter's Boys' High School can be traced back to 1839, with the dedication of St. Peter's parish. With the arrival of three Christian Brothers in 1917, the school was founded on Richmond Terrace in the St. George, Staten Island New Brighton area of Staten Island. A local priest, Father Joseph Farrell and other local clergy took over operation of the school in 1920 when the Brothers were withdrawn due to World War I. The Brothers would return ten years later in 1930. At this time, there were more Brothers at the school than ever before. In 1937, the main campus of St. Peter's Boys' HS, was designated as a junior college of Manhattan College, another Lasallian institution. By 1943, the junior college closed and St. Peter's Boys High School relocated to that campus. The main campus of St. Peter's Boys High School has remained there since, on the corner of Clinton and Henderson Avenues. The Brothers' House, home to the Christian Brothers that live and teach at St. Peter's, is also found on this campus.
As recently as the early 1960s, two Christian Brothers also taught seventh and eight grades for boys at what was St. Peter's Girls HS at 300 Richmond Terrace, Staten Island.
The institution maintains an active alumni community, including the "St. Peter's High School Glee Club and Seton Chorale Alumni" who organize a scholarship benefit Christmas concert for their beloved instructor and teacher, Mr. Carl Lesch, every December.
The Modern Era.
In 1965, the Archdiocese of New York agreed to assist in the funding of a new gymnasium, which would also serve as the school's auditorium. By 1969, however, St. Peter's livelihood was threatened and the school's closing was imminent. The community rallied around St. Peter's and local support prevented the school from closing. As of 2001, the school's enrollment was 740 students. The Brother's involvement in the school has been in decline due to a continuous decrease in men entering the De La Sallian society. In 2001, eight Brothers taught at the school along with 2 Sisters of St. Joseph and 31 lay faculty members. In 2009 The varsity football team won the CHSAA single A championship 41-0 Against the Bishop Ford Falcons.http://nychsfl.org/
Project 2000.
Under the presidency of Brother James Kelly, FSC and Principal John A. Fodera, the school embarked on an ambitious project that would allow the school to continue to grow academically and become a powerhouse among Catholic high schools in New York City. The project included the renovation of the school's main building. As part of the renovation, administrative offices expanded, the library was enhanced, a state-of-the-art computer lab was added as well as completely updated and modernized Biology and Chemistry Laboratories. Project 2000 also included the construction of a wrestling room and air conditioning in designated areas of the building. Soon after the completion of Project 2000, renovations were made to the cafeteria and brand new lockers were installed. As a continuation of Project 2000, the school went forth with plans to build an athletic facility that would be home to the school's football and track teams. 
As the school's reputation within the community rapidly increases, so does the student population. Each year presents the school with a large increase in applicants. The small size of the school and limited capacity means that only a limited number of students are presented with the opportunity to pursue academic studies and athletic achievement at the school.
Academics.
St. Peter's is a fully accredited member of the New York State Board of Regents. The school is also operated by the Christian Brothers of St. John Baptist de la Salle, an order of Christian Brothers whose mission is to teach. Over 14,000 men are members of the Brothers and the society has a rich history that extends over three hundred years. St. Peter's is one of 17 schools in New York and New Jersey that belong to the Brothers. St. Peter's is also a member of the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools.
Curriculum.
All students enrolled at St. Peter's are expected to complete a rigorous academic program that includes four courses within the Religion Department, four courses within the English Department, four courses within the History Department, three within the Math Department, two courses in the sciences, three language courses, as well as an Art & Music course, a Health course, four years of physical education and usually three elective courses. On top of this course load, all Scholars students are required to complete at least two years of Latin, though they can pursue two more years upon invitation.

</doc>
<doc id="19123538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123538" title="XL1">
XL1

XL1 was Buzzcocks frontman Pete Shelley's second solo album. It reached number 42 in the UK Albums Chart, remaining in that listing for four weeks. The single "Telephone Operator" charted at #66 in the UK Singles Chart, making it his biggest single release there. The original release was packaged with a computer program for the ZX Spectrum which featured lyrics and graphics which displayed in time with the music.
"XL1" had a different running order in the US, although the content remained the same. In 2006, Varep Records reissued the original UK version on CD with two b-side "dub" mixes as bonus tracks.
Track listings.
Original UK track listing.
2005 CD bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="19123555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123555" title="Odd Balls">
Odd Balls

Odd Balls is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in October 2004. It is a double disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19123585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123585" title="Robbie E">
Robbie E

Robert "Rob" Strauss (born October 1, 1983) is an American professional wrestler, signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Robbie E (E is short for Eckos for his Jersey Shore gimmick), he is currently one half of the TNA World Tag Team Champions with Jessie Godderz, while also being a former TNA Television Champion and TNA X Division Champion. He has also competed in Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic independent promotions under the ring name Rob Eckos, including Chaotic Wrestling, the East Coast Wrestling Association, Hardway Wrestling, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, the National Wrestling Alliance, Pro-Pain Pro Wrestling and Mikey Whipwreck's New York Wrestling Connection.
Professional wrestling career.
Early life and career.
Strauss began watching professional wrestling at the age of 4 and was a fan of The Ultimate Warrior, Sting and Shawn Michaels. He saw his first live event at a local wrestling show in Woodbridge, New Jersey headlined by "Iron" Mike Sharpe and later became interested in becoming a professional wrestler. When he turned 16, Eckos began training at Kevin Knight's Camp IWF in Woodland Park, New Jersey, where he practiced regular drills and exercises for four months until his debut against Chad Warwick on October 1, 2000.
Independent Wrestling Federation.
Eckos spent his early career in the Independent Wrestling Federation (IWF), a local promotion based in Woodland Park, New Jersey, defeating Damian Adams at West Orange High School on January 21, 2001. He also participated in a 12-man battle royal later that night which included Dr. Hurtz, Marc Verow, BJ Thomas, Damian Adams, Jade Divine, HP Walker, Hadrian, Josh Daniels, Psycho Bitch, Tony Rage and Rapid Fire Maldonado.
On February 11, he lost to Kevin Knight and Damian Adams in two separate matches at an IWF show in West Peterson. He and Hadrian lost a tag team match to Roman & Kevin Knight on March 4 and faced Kasey Coresh, Damian Adams and Tony Balboa in singles matches during the next few weeks. On May 20, he defeated Hadrian via disqualification and, on June 3, he beat Tony Balboa at the West Orange Community Center. He also participated in a 12-man battle royal which included Dr. Hurtz, Damian Adams, Josh Daniels, Rapid Fire Maldonado, Tony Balboa, BPA Barry, Ryan Lockhart, Kasey Coresh, St. Patrick, Mr. Mike and Biggie Biggs. Eckos lost to Hadrian at the Brookwood Lounge Outdoor Car Show in Jackson, New Jersey, several days later.
On July 7, 2001, Eckos scored another disqualification win over Roman in Edison, New Jersey. The following night however, he lost to Roman in a match for the IWF Heavyweight Championship. On July 26, he beat Kasey Coresh and Ryan Lockhart in a three-way match and faced both in single matches during the next few weeks. On September 15, he and Josh Daniels lost to Damian Adams & Hadrian. He also lost to Josh Daniels the following night.
Losing to Roman in a rematch for the IWF Heavyweight Title on October 28, 2001, he also entered a 15-man Royal Rumble whose participants included Roman, Shane O'Brien, Sir Michael, Ryan Lockhart, Biggie Biggs, Rapid Fire Maldonado, BPA Barry, Psycho B*tch, John Royal, Mr. Mike Winner, Hadrian, Josh Daniels, Damian Adams and Kevin Knight. Losing to Roman in a three-way match with Kevin Knight on November 24, he defeated Erik Andretti the following night. On December 29, 2001, Eckos and Dylan Black lost to Roman & Hadrian in a tag team match. The show was later broadcast on News 12 New Jersey.
He also entered the 2-day IWF "Tournament of Champions" and defeated Shane O'Brien in the opening rounds but was eliminated by Josh Daniels in the quarterfinals on December 30, 2001.
In January 2002, Eckos was one of several independent wrestlers to star in a commercial for the 2002 Royal Rumble.
Independent circuit.
On June 29, 2002, Eckos made his debut in 3PW at "A War Renewed" losing to Josh Daniels at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. On September 9, he also defeated Ryan Wing for the SSCW Lightweight Championship in Paramus, New Jersey.
He would make three more appearances in 3PW later that year defeating White Lotus at "A Night for the Flyboy" on October 19, 2002, and facing Joey Matthews and Josh Prohibition in a 3-Way Dance at "Return of the Dream" on November 23. He was pinned by Matthews after a 12-minute match. At "Year End Mayhem", he defeated Damian Adams in a singles match and, later on, in a tag team match with Matt Striker against Damian Adams & Josh Prohibition on December 28, 2002. The following night, he won the JCW Junior Heavyweight title from Jay Lethal in Union City, New Jersey.
On March 15, 2003, he lost to Billy Reil in a four corner ladder match with Low Rida and Abunai in Passaic, New Jersey, for the ICW Super Juniors Championship. Suffering a serious injury that same month, he was forced to vacate the JCW Junior Heavyweight Championship in Garfield, New Jersey, on March 23. He lost the SSCW Lightweight Championship to Dave Webb in a 3-Way Dance with Johnny Ova five days later in Clifton, New Jersey. On March 28, 2003, Eckos returned to defeat The Sandman for the SSCW Heavyweight Championship. The Sandman had won the vacant title that same night.
Eckos also made three appearances for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) on their secondary "Xplosion" television show, losing to Josh Daniels on May 21, 2003, Norman Smiley on August 6, 2003, and to Team Canada (Eric Young and Johnny Devine) in a tag team match, where he teamed with Damian Adams, on July 4, 2004. He and Matt Striker defeated Christian York & Joey Matthews at "A New Era" on June 21 and Amish Roadkill at "That's Incredible" on August 19. Later that year, he and Billy Bax defeated Johnny and Joey Maxx for the ECWA Tag Team titles in Wilmington, Delaware, on September 6, 2003. They held the titles for over two years before eventually losing to The Heavyweights (Sean Royal & Dan Eckos) in Newark, Delaware.
Losing the SSCW Heavyweight title to Damian Adams on November 7, 2003, he also lost to The Blue Meanie at "Raven's Rules" on November 22. On December 27, 2003, he made his 3PW appearance for the year beating CJ O'Doyle at "Su-Su-Superfly" at the ECW Arena.
On January 31, 2004, Eckos faced Ken Scampi at a show for Stars & Stripes Championship Wrestling. He made his return to 3PW the next month appearing at its second anniversary show at the ECW Arena losing to Derek Wylde. On April 2, Eckos and Matt Striker faced Ken Scampi & Spyder (with Tara Charisma) at an event for the New York Wrestling Connection. The following night at the 2004 Super 8 Tournament, he and Bax defended the ECWA Tag Team titles defeating Striker & Ace Darling. At 3PW's "The Future is Now" on April 17, he faced his tag team partner Matt Striker fighting him to a no-contest. He also defeated Nate Mattson at "Not Enough Time" on May 15, 2004.
Reuniting with his partner weeks later, he and Stryker lost to Slyk Wagner Brown & April Hunter at "Splintered" on June 19, 2004, and to Rockin' Rebel & Jack Victory the following month at "No Limits". He and Stryker also faced Ken Scampi & Spyder twice more during July, including a three-way match with Wayne & Tyler Payne on July 24, before leaving the NYWC. On August 21, he and Stryker competed in a tag team Royal Rumble at "5-Star 4-Way" to crown the first 3PW Tag Team Champions eventually won by Slyk Wagner Brown & April Hunter. The other teams included The Blue Meanie & Roadkill, Gary Wolfe & Mike Kruel and Jack Victory & Rockin' Rebel. A week later in Wayne, New Jersey, Eckos was pinned by his partner in a match billed as the "battle of the Youngbloods" at the CyberSpace Wrestling Federation's "Cybercade" on August 28, 2004.
Feuding with CJ O'Doyle, he traded victories with him at "Till We Meet Again" on October 16, 2004, and "For the Gold" on November 20. In December, he and Billy Bax also lost to The Solution (Havok & Papadon) in a non-title match for the ECWA Tag Team Championship at the debut show for New Millennium Wrestling. Organized by Devon Storm, the ""Headlock on Hunger"" show was a benefit show held at St. Mary's Parish in Rutherford, New Jersey and featured The Patriot, Simon Diamond, Rick Fuller, Ace Darling, Scotty Charisma, Danny Doring and Amish Roadkill.
On February 19, 2005, he made his last appearance for 3PW at its third anniversary show where he lost to CJ O'Doyle. He spent the next year in ECWA where he was featured in a video released by the promotion later that year. His matches included a singles match against Shawn Patrick, a 10-man battle royal and a 3-Way Dance between himself, Billy Bax and Scotty Charisma for the ECWA Heavyweight Championship.
Later that year, he appeared at the debut show of Piledriver Pro losing to Josh Daniels on September 10, 2005. On September 23, he won a 20-man battle royal to win a title show against NYWC Interstate Champion Amazing Red but was unable to defeat him later that night. He remained in NYWC for the rest of the year defeating Spyder, Plazma and Disturbed Damian Dragon in a four-way match on October 8 and, with help from Billy Bax, he pinned Mikey Whipwreck on December 17, 2005. During this time, he and Billy Bax also competed in Chaotic Wrestling where they and Brian Milonas beat John Walters, Luis Ortiz & Psycho in a 6-man tag team match.
On January 2, 2006, Eckos made his first appearance for World Wrestling Entertainment when he was attacked in a skit by Edge who was doing a mock impersonation of Ric Flair during "WWE Raw". Defeating Mikey Whipwreck & Matt Hyson on February 25, he and Bax would continue making appearances for the New York Wrestling Connection as well as making appearances in the East Coast Wrestling Association and National Wrestling Superstars during the next several months. He and Bax also wrestled and lost to The Heart Throbs at a fundraiser for Children's Benefit in Toms River, New Jersey, on June 3, 2006.
In November, The Valedictorians defeated Jason Blade & Kid Mikaze and Team Supreme (Nicky Oceans & Corvis Fear). They also won a four-way match against Aden Chambers & Andrew Ryker, Kid Mikaze & Jason Blade and Shane Hagadorn & Pelle Primeau on December 5, 2006.
A participant in the 2007 Super 8 Tournament, he defeated Billy Bax in the opening round before losing to Sonjay Dutt in the semi-finals in Newark on November 10. He later lost to Billy Bax in a rematch on December 1, 2007.
On April 24, 2010 Robbie wrestled Biggie Biggs on the first Dangerous Adrenaline Wrestling Gladiators Event in Ocean Township, New Jersey. On October 20, 2012, Robbie won the vacant GLCW Heavyweight Championship after defeated Armando Estrada and Mr. Anderson. On June 15, 2013, Robbie E defeated Aaron Sky and Kamel in a 3 way match for Championship Wrestling From Hollywood and Pro Wrestling Experience in Chicago, Illinois.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
The Shore (2010–2011).
On July 27, 2010, Strauss wrestled in a tryout dark match for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, losing to Bobby Fish. On August 5, it was reported that TNA had signed Strauss to a contract. At the August 10 tapings of "TNA Impact!" Strauss wrestled a dark match under the ring name Robbie E with a gimmick inspired by the television show "Jersey Shore", defeating Jeremy Buck, while being managed by Cookie. On the August 26 edition of "Impact!", vignettes began airing to promote Strauss' upcoming debut. Prior to their televised debuts, Robbie E and Cookie made an appearance on September 24 at TNA's live event at The Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, interrupting Jeremy Borash and insulting the crowd, before Robbie was defeated in a match by Rhino. At the following day's event in Rahway, New Jersey, Robbie and Cookie interrupted Mick Foley, before Robbie was again defeated in a match against Rhino, with Foley serving as the special guest referee. Robbie and Cookie made their televised debuts on the October 7 live edition of "Impact!", cutting a promo insulting the Florida crowd. The following Sunday at Bound for Glory Robbie attacked X Division Champion Jay Lethal after his title match with Douglas Williams, claiming he was a disgrace to New Jersey. Robbie and Cookie gained mainstream attention through the following edition of "Impact!", where Cookie had a cat fight with Jersey Shore cast member Jenni "JWoww" Farley.
Robbie made his in–ring debut the following week, defeating Amazing Red, and afterwards called out X Division Champion Jay Lethal. The following week Robbie defeated Lethal in a non–title street fight, after interference from Cookie, to earn the right to challenge for the X Division Championship. On November 7 at Turning Point, Robbie defeated Lethal, with help from Cookie, to win the X Division Championship for the first time. The following month at Final Resolution Robbie retained the title in a rematch via disqualification, when Lethal was caught using Cookie's hairspray on him. During the match Cookie was suspended above the ring in a shark cage. On December 7 at the tapings of the December 16 edition of "Impact!", Robbie E lost the X Division Championship back to Lethal.
On the February 10 edition of "Impact!", Robbie E entered a tournament to determine a new number one contender to the X Division Championship, now held by Kazarian, and defeated Brian Kendrick and Suicide in a three–way match to advance to the finals at Against All Odds. Robbie won the finals at Against All Odds via forfeit, after both of his competitors, Jeremy and Max Buck were unable to attend the event due to travel issues. Kazarian granted Robbie his title match immediately afterwards and defeated him to retain the X Division Championship. On the following edition of "Impact!" Robbie complained about the rushed title match and was granted another shot at the X Division Championship, but lost via disqualification, after Cookie interfered in the match. After the match Kazarian's real life wife Traci Brooks returned to TNA and helped her husband chase Robbie and Cookie out of the ring. On the March 3 edition of "Impact!" Robbie and Cookie aligned themselves with former "Jersey Shore" cast member Angelina Pivarnick, with whom they bonded through their mutual dislike of Jenni "JWoww" Farley, whom Pivarnick proceeded to challenge to a match. On March 13 at Victory Road, Robbie E received another shot at Kazarian and the X Division Championship, this time in an Ultimate X match, which also included Jeremy and Max Buck, but was again unsuccessful in his attempt to regain the title. On the August 11 edition of "Impact Wrestling", Robbie broke up with Cookie, after she inadvertently cost him his match against X Division Champion Brian Kendrick.
Teaming and feuding with Rob Terry (2011–2013).
After Cookie's departure from the promotion, Robbie began looking for a new partner and, on the August 25 edition of "Impact Wrestling", Robbie E made an offer to Rob Terry. On the September 8 edition of "Impact Wrestling", Terry attacked Eric Young after his match with Robbie E, signifying a new alliance between the two. After losing another match against Young on the October 27 edition of "Impact Wrestling", Robbie and Terry, now dubbed "Robbie T", again attacked the Television Champion, which led to him announcing that he was going to bring another "Jersey Shore" cast member, Ronnie, to face the two the following week. After a confrontation, which led to Robbie and Terry attacking Young and Ronnie, on the November 3 edition of "Impact Wrestling", the two teams faced each other in a tag team match the following week, where Ronnie was able to pick up the win for his team by pinning Robbie. On November 13 at Turning Point, Robbie defeated Young to win the TNA Television Championship for the first time. He would go on to defend his title against Devon and Rob Van Dam on the November 17 and December 1 editions of "Impact Wrestling". On December 11 at Final Resolution, Robbie successfully defended the title against Young in a rematch. On February 12, 2012, at Against All Odds, Robbie retained his title against Shannon Moore, who answered his open challenge. On the February 23 edition of "Impact Wrestling", Robbie was defeated by A.J. Styles via disqualification, following interference from Kazarian and Christopher Daniels; as a result Robbie retained his title. On March 18 at Victory Road, Robbie E lost the Television Championship to Devon after the latter answered his open challenge. During the next two months, Robbie made three unsuccessful attempts at regaining the Television Championship from Devon; first in a steel cage match on April 15 at Lockdown, then in a singles match on the May 3 episode of "Impact Wrestling", and finally in a three-way match, also involving Robbie T, on May 13 at Sacrifice. Robbie E and Robbie T would continue their feud with Devon by attacking him during his title matches. On the June 7 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Robbie received another shot at Devon's Television Championship, but was defeated following outside interference from Garett Bischoff. Three days later at Slammiversary, the Robbies were defeated in a tag team match by Devon and Bischoff.
On the following episode of "Impact Wrestling", Robbie entered the 2012 Bound for Glory Series, taking part in the opening gauntlet match, from which he was eliminated by Samoa Joe. Robbie ended his participation in the tournament on the August 23 episode of "Impact Wrestling" with a win over A.J. Styles and Rob Van Dam in a three-way match, finishing eleventh out of the twelve wrestlers in the tournament. On the October 18 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Robbie unsuccessfully challenged Samoa Joe for the TNA Television Championship. Going into 2013, tension began to be teased between the Robbies, with Robbie T constantly upstaging and defying Robbie E. On the February 28 episode of "Impact Wrestling", the alliance between the Robbies ended with Robbie E, who was pretending to reconcile with Robbie T, hitting him over the head with his VIP sign before being chased off. The rivalry culminated in a singles match on March 10 at Lockdown, where Robbie T emerged victorious. On the following episode of "Impact Wrestling", Robbie E was again defeated by Robbie T, now using his real name Rob Terry, in a rematch to end the feud.
The BroMans (2013–present).
Robbie started allying himself with Jessie Godderz on the May 2 episode of "Impact Wrestling", where they teamed with Joey Ryan in a handicap match against Rob Terry, which the team lost after Robbie and Jessie walked out on Ryan and left him to be pinned. On the June 27 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Robbie and Jessie, accompanied by Tara, confronted TNA World Tag Team Champions Gunner and James Storm and presented themselves as the Bro Mans. The following week, The Bro Mans were defeated by Gunner and Storm in a non-title match. On October 27, during the Bound for Glory pre-show, accompanied by "Mr. Olympia" Phil Heath, the Bro-Mans won a four-way tag team gauntlet to become the number one contenders for the TNA World Tag Team Championship later in the night, where they defeated Gunner and Storm for the titles. The BroMans made their first televised title defense on the October 31 episode of "Impact Wrestling", defeating Gunner and Storm in a rematch. On the November 22, 2013, Thanksgiving edition of "Impact Wrestling", The BroMans won the first ever tag team turkey bowl match defeating Dewey Barnes and Norv Fernum, in the process forcing them to wear the annual turkey suits.
Other media.
On November 10, 2012, Strauss, along with several other TNA workers, was featured in an episode of MTV's "Made".

</doc>
<doc id="19123595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123595" title="Fort Harrison (disambiguation)">
Fort Harrison (disambiguation)

Fort Harrison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19123611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123611" title="2001 in chess">
2001 in chess

Events in chess during the year 2001:
Top players.
FIDE top 10 players by Elo rating – October 2001;

</doc>
<doc id="19123613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123613" title="Valea Gropilor River (Iza)">
Valea Gropilor River (Iza)

The Valea Gropilor River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19123693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123693" title="Bach-Elgar Choir">
Bach-Elgar Choir

The Bach-Elgar Choir is a community chorus of long standing in Hamilton, Ontario. The Choir is composed of accomplished amateur singers from Hamilton and neighbouring cities of Burlington, Oakville, Mississauga and Simcoe. Notable performances by the ensemble include the North American première of Verdi's "Requiem" and the Canadian premières of Górecki's "Miserere" and Mahler's "Symphony No. 2 " (the Resurrection). The choir has had several distinguished directors throughout its history and has performed in several notable venues including Roy Thomson Hall in Toronto, the Brantford's Sanderson Centre, with the Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra, and at the Boris Brott Summer Festival. The choir enjoys frequent guest appearances with the Hamilton Philharmonic Orchestra.
History.
The Bach-Elgar Choir was founded by Bruce Carey in 1905 under the name the Elgar Choir. The choir was subsequently conducted by G. Roy Fenwick, W. H. Hewlett, and Edward Stewart. The choir disbanded for a few years during World War II, and reformed in 1947, joining with another disbanded amateur chorus, the Bach Choir (founded 1931 by Graham Godfrey), to form the renamed Bach-Elgar Choir. The Bach-Elgar Choir made its debut in 1947 in Handel's "Messiah" under Charles Peaker at Hamilton's Centenary United Church. Subsequent conductors have been Cyril Hampshire 1948-55, John Sidgwick 1955-60, Frank Thorolfson 1960-2, Charles Wilson 1962-74, Donald Kendrick 1974-8 and 1981-3, Philip David Morehead 1978-80, Denise Narcisse-Mair 1980-1, Gerald Fagan 1983-4, Wayne Strongman 1984-97, Philip Joseph Sarabura 1998-2000, and Ian Sadler 2000-2005. Howard Dyck was artistic director from 2006 to 2010, and Alexander Cann has been the artistic director since then.
The Bach Elgar Choir has presented a subscription series of three to four concerts per year, at Centenary United Church (beginning 1947), followed by Central Presbyterian Church (1960s), Christ's Church Cathedral (1970s-80s), Toronto's Rosedale United Church (1990s), Hamilton Place (where it has been a resident ensemble since 1975), and Melrose United Church (2006). For a number of years, the subsidiary Bach Elgar Chamber Singers (a 36-voice ensemble founded by Charles Wilson in 1969) and the Bach Elgar Children's Chorus (established 1981) gave small concert series and performances in Hamilton and southern Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="19123731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123731" title="Valea Gropilor River (Aiud)">
Valea Gropilor River (Aiud)

Valea Gropilor River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19123823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123823" title="In due">
In due

In due is the fifth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Nek. It was released in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19123827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123827" title="Valea Lupului River (Aiud)">
Valea Lupului River (Aiud)

The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19123832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123832" title="Voith Maxima">
Voith Maxima

The Voith Maxima locomotives are a new family of diesel-hydraulic locomotives built by "Voith Turbo Lokomotivtechnik GmbH & Co. KG.", a subsidiary of Voith. The most powerful single-engined diesel-hydraulic locomotive in the world, the Maxima 40CC is rated at 3,600 kW. Initially two versions of a 6 axle C'C' machine were offered with medium speed engines from the Anglo-Belgian Corporation; the Maxima 30CC and Maxima 40CC. In 2008 a third model, the Maxima 20BB, a 4 axle B'B' machine was added to the range.
In January 2010, Czech company Lostr (after September 2010 renamed Legios) signed an agreement to manufacture under license the Voith Maxima locomotives. The Czech built locomotives are marketed as "Legios General.
History.
Background.
Voith had supplied components to the railway industry since the 1930s - in particular its hydraulic transmissions.
Merger of the Deutsche Reichsbahn and Deutsche Bundesbahn in the 1994 resulted in the German state railways acquiring many high powered diesel locomotives of the DR Class 130 family, which reduced any opportunities for sale of a high power transmission to the Deutsche Bahn in the medium term.
However in 2004 Nord-Ostsee-Bahn acquired a contract to operate the Marschbahn from December 2005, and contracted Vossloh to build new locomotives ("R3000 CC") to operate it; the locomotive's design specifications were a top speed of 160 km/h and power of over 3MW. Initially the service was to be operated by the MaK DE 2700 type, before the new 'R3000' locomotives were built. The LS 640 reU2 transmission (input power 4.2MW.) was a result of development work by Voith for the "R3000" locomotive's transmission. The 'Turbo Split' LS 640 transmission was first exhibited at Innotrans in 2004 - a key feature of the new transmission was the ability to separately control two outputs from the input - enabling wheelslip control per bogie.
In 2005 Vossloh acquired Alstom's Meinfesa plant (Valencia, Spain), and with it a license to manufacturer GM-EMD based diesel electric locomotives - as a result Vossloh abandoned the 'R3000' development, instead offering the Vossloh Euro and Vossloh G2000 designs for mainline work. The Euro 4000 was offered to the "Marschbahn" instead of the 'R3000'.
As a result of the loss of an outlet for its new transmission Voith began development of a new high powered mainline locomotive - the Voith Maxima.
Maxima and Gravita development.
Voith then developed in house new high-powered diesel locomotive series along with single cab shunting and trip freight locomotives, the Voith Gravita series. With a development period of just 500 days, the first locomotive was ready in 2006 and presented at the InnoTrans 2006 fair. The locomotive design won a red dot design award in 2007. A new factory in Kiel was established in 2006 by Voith to manufacture the new locomotives.
In 2008 at Innotrans Voith added a third potential model to its Maxima range, the 4 axle Maxima 20BB. The type was expected to be a competitor for a 200 locomotive order from Deutsche Bahn for diesel locomotives for passenger and freight services to replace the "DB V 160 family" of locomotives; in 2011 the Deutsche Bahn AG order was won by Bombardier Transportation with a new multi-engine type of its TRAXX platform.
Career and orders.
After the exhibition of the demonstrator locomotive at the InnoTrans 2006 fair, it was tested on several German main lines to receive German certification. It was also tested on the Velim test ring and also went to Norway and Sweden for thermal testing. Final German certification was granted on 23 December 2008 by the German rail authority EBA.
A second demonstrator locomotive was built and equipped with Dutch and Belgian safety systems for obtaining Dutch and Belgian certification. It was tested in the first and second quarter of 2008 in the Netherlands, and in Belgium in the fourth quarter. After Dutch and Belgian certification the locomotive will be passed on to HGK for testing.
A third and last demonstrator locomotive is being built and will be used to obtain certification in Poland, Sweden and Norway.
As of 2008, 32 locomotives have been ordered, with options for a further 29:
Technology.
The locomotive's body consists entirely of steel. Both cabins have two seats (one for the train driver and one for a relief driver or supervisor) and have a standardised and ergonomical control desk. The cabins also have air conditioning and are equipped with all modern needs of today's operating conditions.
Powered by either an 16VDZC or 12VDZC engine by Belgian engine manufacturer Anglo-Belgian Corporation, rated at respectively 3,600 kW or 2,750 kW, the locomotive can reach a top speed of 120 km/h (160 km/h optionally) and has a maximal tractive effort of 519 kN. The normal tractive effort is 408 kN. The LS 640 reU2 "Turbosplit" transmission allows for a separated traction and wheelslip control of each bogie. This is the first locomotive series equipped with this new technology. Brake equipment consists of electro-pneumatic and engine compression brakes. The smallest drivable curve radius is 80m. The locomotive can take up to 9,000 or 10,000 l of fuel, depending on the configuration.
The locomotives are assembled at a new plant next to the Nord-Ostsee-Kanal in Kiel. Large maintenance and overhauls will be carried out in a new central workshop in Cologne, to be operated jointly by Voith Turbo and HGK.
Variants.
Voith initially offered 2 variants of this locomotive: the most powerful version is the Maxima 40CC with 3,600 kW power, intended for freight operators with heavy trains of up to 3,000 tonnes. A less powerful version is the Maxima 30CC with 2,750 kW power, primarily intended for freight operators with trains of up to 2,500 tonnes or passenger operators. A third version the Maxima 20BB was added to the range in 2007.
Models.
Voith signed an exclusive contract with Saxon model building company Sächsische Waggonfabrik Stollberg to build a H0-model of both Maxima variants. All parts of the locomotive will be engineered and made in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19123860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123860" title="Roosevelt Avenue">
Roosevelt Avenue

Roosevelt Avenue is a main thoroughfare in the New York City borough of Queens. Roosevelt Avenue begins at 48th Street and Queens Boulevard in the neighborhood of Sunnyside. West of Queens Boulevard, the road is named Greenpoint Avenue and continues across the Greenpoint Avenue Bridge into the borough of Brooklyn, terminating at West Street and the East River in the neighborhood of Greenpoint. Roosevelt Avenue goes through Woodside, Jackson Heights, Elmhurst, Corona, Flushing Meadows–Corona Park (adjacent to Citi Field) and Flushing. In Flushing, Roosevelt Avenue ends at 156th Street and Northern Boulevard. 
The trains run on the elevated IRT Flushing Line tracks above the street with ten stations until it reaches Flushing – Main Street, its current eastern terminus. The rail line has been elevated above Roosevelt Avenue since 1917, when Roosevelt Avenue was formed from the combination of other streets into one main avenue. The street, itself named after Theodore Roosevelt and Franklin D. Roosevelt, provides the name for the Roosevelt Avenue / 74th Street station ( trains) in Jackson Heights. The train stops at the Greenpoint Avenue station located at Greenpoint Avenue and Manhattan Avenue. Roosevelt Avenue was nationally recognized for its cuisine when "Good Magazine" named it one of "America's Tastiest Streets." Roosevelt Avenue is well known for its diversity of cultural representation, ranging from Indian to Latin American.

</doc>
<doc id="19123886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123886" title="Quest (1996 film)">
Quest (1996 film)

Quest is a 1996 German animated short film directed by Tyron Montgomery, written (story) and produced by Thomas Stellmach at the University of Kassel - Art College. After four years of production it won several awards including the Academy Award for the Best Animated Short Film.
Supported by the German Federal Film Board and the Cultural Film Fund of the State of Hessian the puppet animation film was shot frame by frame with an ARRI II BV and a self constructed single frame motor. The character was made of brass skeleton, latex foam and sand. Together with the flying paper, the falling stones and the rotating machines the puppet was manipulated and photographed 19.000 times and reviewed only by video control. No digital compositing software was used.
"Quest" is distributed by Thomas Stellmach. It is part of the Animation Show of Shows as well.
Story.
In quest of water a sand puppet leaves the sand world in which it lives. It wanderes through other worlds made of paper, stone and iron, following the sound of dripping water. In the end the sand puppet manages to reach the water ... in a very tragic way.

</doc>
<doc id="19123890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123890" title="The Broken Shore">
The Broken Shore

The Broken Shore (2005) is a Duncan Lawrie Dagger award-winning novel by Australian author Peter Temple.
Dedication.
"To Anita: for the laughter and the loyalty. "
Plot Summary.
The novel's central character is Joe Cashin, a Melbourne homicide detective. Following serious physical injuries he is posted to his hometown where he begins the process of rebuilding the old family mansion and his physical and mental strength. Against a background of family tragedy, politics, police corruption and racism, he investigates the death of a wealthy local man, Charles Burgoyne. His closest friend and police superior is Villani, who is the central character in "Truth".
Telemovie.
"The Broken Shore" was adapted for television by writer Andrew Knight. It was produced by Ian Collie and Andrew Knight and directed by Rowan Woods. It was filmed in Melbourne, Portland, Port Fairy and the Port Campbell National Park.. 
It movie had its world premiere at the Adelaide Film Festival on 15 October, 2013. It aired on the ABC on 2 February, 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="19123891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123891" title="Ministry of Economy and Finance (Peru)">
Ministry of Economy and Finance (Peru)

The Ministry of Economy and Finance of Peru is the entity in charge of the planning and execution of the economic policies of the Peruvian Government with the goal of optimizing the economic and financial activities of the state, establish macroeconomic activity, and achieve the sustainable growth of the nation's economy. Its headquarters is located in Lima. The current Minister of Economy and Finance is Luis Miguel Castilla.
History.
On August 13, 1821, José de San Martín, president of Peru, created the General Secretariat of Finance along with the Chancellery, and the War and Navy Department. The first minister of Finance was Hipólito Unanue. 
On March 2, 1969 the fundamental law of the Ministry of Finance, Law Decree Nº 17521, which gave the basis for the structure and function of the Ministry of Finance and on June 13, 1969 its name was changed to the current Ministry of Economy and Finance. 
By the Law Decree Nº 23123 of July 9, 1980, the name of the ministry was changed again to the Ministry of the Economy Finance and Commerce and it was incorporated into the State Department of Commerce which belonged to the Ministry of Industry, Commerce, Tourism, and Integration. On January 30, 1985 the name was changed back to what it is today.
Functions.
The ministries main functions are:

</doc>
<doc id="19123921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123921" title="Oratosquilla oratoria">
Oratosquilla oratoria

Oratosquilla oratoria is a species of mantis shrimp found in the Western Pacific. It is widely harvested in Japan where it is known as "shako" (シャコ) and eaten as sushi. Like other members of its order it has a powerful spear, which it uses to hunt invertebrates and small fish. It grows to a length of , and lives at depths of .

</doc>
<doc id="19123966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123966" title="Harold C. Helgeson">
Harold C. Helgeson

Harold C. (Hal) Helgeson (November 13, 1931 – May 28, 2007) was a professor at the University of California, Berkeley. He was widely regarded as the preeiminent practitioner of theoretical geochemistry for more than 40 years, a career he embraced after a colorful set of experiences in the military and the mining industry. He was widely known to the geochemical community for his innovation, rigor, farsightedness, and tenacity in the application of thermodynamics and kinetics to the study of geochemical processes. He was known to his friends and close colleagues for his great generosity, honesty, fierce loyalty, diverse opinions, and unconventional sense of humor. He received the most prestigious international awards in geochemistry in honor of his research contributions, including the Goldschmidt Medal from the Geochemical Society (1998) and the Urey Medal from the European Association of Geochemistry (2004). In addition to his published work, which was prodigious, he traveled and lectured extensively. His lectures were famous for their complex diagrams and clarity, and for the sheer force of their delivery. Professor Helgeson typically delivered his potent lectures after virtually no sleep because he so enjoyed extending his social and scientific interactions into the early morning hours. Few hosts could keep up with his schedule, but they never forgot the experience.
Helgeson was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and grew up in Saint Paul, Minnesota. As a teenager, he worked summers as a canoe trip guide in northern Minnesota and southern Ontario, where he developed a lifelong love of the outdoors. After completing a degree in geology at Michigan State University, he worked for a year as an exploration geologist for Technical Mine Consultants in Athabasca, Saskatchewan, and at Blind River, Ontario (1953–1954). He then served two years in the Korean War as a photo-radar intelligence officer in the 497th Recon. Tech. Squadron of the U.S. Air Force in Wiesbaden, Germany, where he met his first wife, Velda, an American school teacher from California. After his military service he spent four years as a mining and exploration geologist in South Africa, in diamond exploration, and as an underground mining geologist, where he learned to speak Afrikaans. His son Chris was born during this time. While deep underground, he realized that he might find a different career appealing.
In 1959 Helgeson returned to graduate school at Harvard University, where he studied first with Hugh McKinstry, and then with Robert Garrels. Although Helgeson nearly dropped out due to financial troubles, Professor McKinstry loaned him sufficient money to retain him in the graduate program. Receiving his Ph.D. in 1962, Helgeson published his thesis as a book in 1964, establishing the foundations of theoretical high-temperature geochemistry. After a stint as a research chemist for Shell Development Company in Houston, where his daughter Kim was born, he accompanied Bob Garrels and Fred Mackenzie in 1965 to Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, where he began his teaching career. It was at Northwestern that he, Garrels, and Mackenzie developed the first path-calc theoretical numerical modeling program on a rollout of computer paper at the Bermuda Biological Station for Research in 1967. In 1970, he joined the faculty at the University of California, Berkeley, where he worked the next 37 years. During his Berkeley years, Helgeson met his second wife Suzanne, and his third wife, France. His daughter Broghan (mother France) was born in 1988. At Berkeley, he became a pioneer in the application of computer calculations that made use of his thermodynamic work, and the computer codes produced in his laboratory of theoretical geochemistry, known as "Prediction Central", were used by geoscientists and engineers around the world. A remarkable feature of Helgeson's career was his decision, early on, to freely distribute copies of his computer codes and databases generated over the course of his research. This created a legacy beyond his publication record, and encouraged a sense of community for those who worked on building up the theoretical tools.
Professor Helgeson’s interests continually evolved. Together with his many students and collaborators, he pioneered the development of a unified predictive theoretical approach to both the inorganic and the organic chemical realms, with applications in petroleum geochemistry, biogeochemistry, and the chemical interactions of minerals, microbes, and aqueous species in geochemical processes. Right into the last month of his life he was revising a seminal paper advancing a new theory for the origin of petroleum.
Helgeson died at the age of 75, after a brief battle with lung cancer, in Berkeley, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19123969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123969" title="Mamed Khalidov">
Mamed Khalidov

Mamed Khalidov (Russian: Мамед Халидов, "Mamed Xalidov"/Polish: Mamed Chalidow; born 17 July 1980 in Grozny) is a Polish mixed martial artist of Chechen descent, competing in the Middleweight division of Polish MMA promotion KSW. Khalidov is currently undefeated in the promotion. As of October 2013, Khalidov is ranked the #10 middleweight in the world by Sherdog.
In December 2010 Khalidov received Polish citizenship.
Mixed martial arts career.
As of December 2011, Khalidov has fought eleven times under the KSW banner, though never featuring in a tournament, instead fighting individually such opponents as Daniel Tabera and Matt Lindland.
Khalidov made his US debut with EliteXC on their October 10, 2008 ShoXC card against American Jason Guida. After almost two hard-fought rounds, Khalidov stopped Guida on the feet with an unanswered torrent of punches.
Following the collapse of EliteXC, Khalidov has expressed interest in a hasty return to KSW, as previously outlined by his signing with ProElite in favor of nonexclusive contract status. Due to a broken hand, Khalidov was unable to return for KSW X on December 12, 2008. Following his recovery, he fought PRIDE veteran Daniel Acacio at KSW XI on 15 May, knocking him out in 1:10 minutes of the first round to win the newly created KSW Light Heavyweight Championship belt.
Khalidov signed a three fight deal with World Victory Road Sengoku and his first appearance for the promotion was on the November 7th card against Sengoku middleweight champion Jorge Santiago. Although, the fight was not a title bout, Khalidov defeated Santiago via first round TKO. A rematch of the bout was held at World Victory Road Presents: Sengoku Raiden Championships 12 on March 7, 2010 for the Middleweight Championship, which Khalidov lost via controversial unanimous decision (48-47, 48-47, 48-47).
At KSW XIII Mamed fought Ryuta Sakurai to a draw. Sakurai secured a kimura early in the first round, but Khalidov escaped. During the rest of the fight he had 6 submission attempts including 4 guilotine chokes, 1 ankle lock and 1 heel hook, but couldn't force the tap from Sakurai.
Mamed Khalidov was expected to face Thales Leites and later Matt Lindland at KSW XV However, both fighters were pulled from the card. Instead, Khalidov faced James Irvin at the event and won via submission at 0:33 into the first round. He eventually faced Lindland at KSW 16 in May 2011 and won via submission in the first round.
Khalidov was originally scheduled to face Paulo Filho at KSW 17. However, Filho was forced out of the bout due to him going into rehab for a drug addiction and he was replaced by Jesse Taylor. Khalidov won the fight via submission (kneebar) in the first round.
Khalidov next competed against former UFC fighter Rodney Wallace on May 12, 2012 at KSW 19. He won the fight via KO in the first round.
On December 1, 2012 he defeated Kendall Grove and won the fight via submission (achilles lock). Khalidov next faced Melvin Manhoef at KSW 23 on June 8, 2013, winning the fight by front choke in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="19123977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19123977" title="Bobby Gonzales">
Bobby Gonzales

Bobby Gonzales (born February 15, 1984) is a Malaysian footballer from Beaufort, Sabah. He is currently playing as a striker for PDRM FA in the Malaysia Premier League.
Club Career.
Malaysia Youth Team.
Bobby Gonzales started his professional career with Sabah during the 2003 Malaysian League by making his debut against Terengganu FA. He was part of the squad that finished as runners-up in the 2003 Malaysia Cup. He also represented the Malaysia youth team for 2001 Asian School Championship in Kuala Lumpur where Malaysia finished third and the 2004 AFC Youth Championship.
Sabah.
During the 2007–08 season, Gonzales scored 13 goals to become Sabah's all season top scorer with André Scotti Ossemer. His performances earned him a call-up for national under 23 preparation for 2007 SEA Games. He however failed to earn a place in the squad.
Brunei DPMM.
For the 2009 season, Gonzales joined a team based in Brunei, DPMM FC. However, DPMM FC had to pulled out of Malaysia Super League 2009 due to their suspension from the league in late November for not complying with the Registrar of Societies (RoS) rules. 
KL PLUS FC.
He later sign for KL PLUS FC. He made his debut against Terengganu FA and scored a spectacular 25 meter goal.
Sabah FA.
Due to an injury in mid season, he missed half of Super League season and only made his return in the Malaysia Cup. After the season ended, he returned to Sabah and joined the state team for 2010 Malaysian League season. He was dropped from the Sabah squad at the end of the league season.
Loan Out to Sarawak FA.
For the 2011 Malaysia Premier League season, he joined Sarawak. After a superb season with Sarawak, where he helped the team to second place in Premier League and win promotion to 2012 Super League Malaysia by scoring 16 league goals, he left the team and returned to Sabah for the next season.
From Sarawak FA to Sabah FA season 2012.
On 5 December 2011, Bobby Gonzales returned to Sabah FA at the end of the season having made 21 appearances with Sarawak's, as he helped the Croc's promote to Malaysia Super League 2012. He made his Malaysia Super League debut on 10 January 2012 against Felda United in a 2-0 away defeat. On 14 January, Bobby scored a goal in 45th minutes of first half against former club Sarawak in a 2–1 win at the Likas Stadium. Bobby scored his last goal in the 2012 season in a 3–1 win with Negeri Sembilan FA. He finished the season with two league goals in 9 games.
Return to Sarawak FA 2013.
After only one season with Sabah, Sarawak FA confirmed that Bobby Gonzales would join the club on 4 November 2012 from Sarawak FA on a free transfer with only performance-related incentives due to Sabah, after agreeing terms and signing a long term contract.Bobby's contract is worth RM24K net per year and was given the number 9 shirt, the same number he wore for Sarawak during his first spell.
On 7 January, Bobby made his debut return for Sarawak in the 2–1 league opening game win against Perlis FA at Kangar Stadium. Four day later in 11 January, he scored double in the 30th minute in a 5–0 home win against UITM FC. On 14 January, he scored in the 45th minute in a 1–1 away draw against Putrajaya SPA F.C.. On 25 January, he scored two second-half goals in Sarawak's 3–0 Malaysia FA Cup first round victory against Malacca FA at Sarawak State Stadium, but he was denied a hat-trick in the last minute half by a save by Malacca FA goalkeeper Nor Iman. Bobby's brace against Malacca FA made him the finest poacher player since Alistair Edwards to hit the two-goal mark for Sarawak.
On 26 April, Bobby Gonzales was the toast of his team after having scored four goals for the Crocs in their Malaysia Premier League match against UiTM FC in away win 3-5 held at UiTM Stadium. He scored a third consecutive brace at Sarawak State Stadium in a 7–0 home win against NS Betaria FC. On 4 May, bringing his tally to 17 goals in 18 games. This made him Sarawak's most prolific goals per game scorer of all time ahead of sarawak legend John Hunter. On 21 May, he scored his 19th goal in 19 appearance for Sarawak against Pos Malaysia FC in a 2–0 away win. In the final league match on 5 July, Bobby scores his first derby goal against his hometown Sabah FA at Likas Stadium with 2-1 win as he helped the Sarawak FA ended the 2013 Premier League as the unbeaten champions.
On 31 August, Bobby Gonzales scored his two goal for Sarawak in a 4–0 win in the Malaysia Cup of group D.He scored his fourth goal of the group D at home to Perak FA in Saturday by trashing 6–1 victory on 21 September. In 26 October 2013, Bobby scored in Sarawak Malaysia Cup semi-final second leg against Pahang, though his side went out 4–2 on aggregate.
PDRM FA.
After released by Sarawak at the end of 2013, Bobby joined PDRM FA on a 1-year contract.
International Career.
Bobby received a call-up to play for Malaysia national football team in early November 2013, due to his good performances for Sarawak in the 2013 Malaysia Cup. He received the call-up along with his Sarawak teammate Mohd Hairol Mokhtar by national coach K. Rajagopal for a friendly match against Kuwait national football team in Kuwait City.

</doc>
<doc id="19124001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124001" title="1967 Chatham Cup">
1967 Chatham Cup

The 1967 Chatham Cup was the 40th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with 17 regional associations holding separate qualification rounds. The winners of each of these qualification tournaments, along with the second-placed team from Auckland, qualified for the competition proper. In all, 95 teams took part in the competition, 32 from the South Island and 63 from the North Island. Note: Different sources record different numbers for the rounds of this competition, with some confusion caused by differing numbers of rounds in regional qualification.
The 1967 final.
North Shore United returned to the final, this time with former international Ken Armstrong as coach. In the final they met Christchurch City - soon to change its name to Christchurch United, a recently amalgamated team featuring players who had previously been with several strong southern sides, among them future internationals Terry Haydon and Tony Gowans. The game was an exciting one. The Christchurch side dominated for the entire first half, but a combination of missed chances, the woodwork, a disallowed goal, and heroics from Shore keeper Dennis Mack kept the first half scoreless. In the second spell, Billy Rimmer scored for the Aucklanders early but the lead was soon cancelled out by a strike from Haydon. A late penalty for City was missed by Gowans, and Shore made the most of their chance by stealing a late winner through Ian Campbell.
Results.
Third round.
† Won by North Shore on corners<br>
¶ Won by Western Suburbs on corners

</doc>
<doc id="19124047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124047" title="Outside the Nine">
Outside the Nine

Outside The Nine is the official fan club of American metal band Slipknot, and was launched in 2005. The fan club is an online community which offers members an array of privileges at an annual subscription fee.
Overview.
The Outside The Nine community was launched in 2005 and offers members exclusive privileges and an online area in which to commute. Exclusive privileges offered to members include; exclusive music, videos and photos, listening parties, sneak previews, contests, give-aways, personalised email address, private message board, blogs and pre-sale opportunities among others. Membership is charged at an annual fee of US$19.99 and with each additional year subscribers are rewarded with added bonuses including DVDs and exclusive letters.
Best Buy offers.
Membership for Outside The Nine has also been sold at Best Buy stores across the United States. At a reduced price of US$9.99 members can purchase a redeem code which is then used to activate their account online. Also, prior to the release of "All Hope Is Gone" Best Buy offered an online pre-order only trial membership to the fan club, which was also redeemed with a code when purchased. The item is packaged in a CD case, and includes a one year membership to the club (which is included on a card), an official "Outside the Nine patch" with an individual bar code number, each beginning with "515," and a letter from the band.

</doc>
<doc id="19124057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124057" title="Luis Valdivieso Montano">
Luis Valdivieso Montano

Luis Miguel Valdivieso Montano became the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Peru in the United States on February 17, 2009, after being Minister of Economy and Finance Peru from mid – 2008 until January 2009.
Early life.
Prior to joining the IMF, Mr. Valdivieso was a Senior Researcher, Center for Latin American Monetary Studies, advisor to Bank and Securities Market Directorate of the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit in Mexico and advisor to the Superintendence of Banks of Ecuador. Also, he taught Introductory Economics and Advanced Macroeconomics at Boston University and was an Econometrics Instructor at the Catholic University of Peru.
Mr. Valdivieso holds a B.A. in Economics from the Catholic University of Peru, and a Ph.D. and an M.A. in Economics from Boston University.
Professional career.
In this capacity, he was also Governor for Peru in the Board of Governors of the World Bank and Inter-American Development Bank, as well as Chairman of the Board of the Andean Finance Corporation (CAF), the National Fund for the Financing of the Public Sector Entrepreneurial Activity (FONAFE), and member of the Board of the Peruvian National Retirement Investment Fund (ONP), the Private Investment Promotion Agency (PROINVERSION), and the Inter-ministerial Committee of Social Affairs (CIAS).
Most of Mr. Valdivieso’s professional career was at the International Monetary Fund (IMF), where he worked for 28 years starting in 1980. He held senior management positions in various departments, including Advisor and Division Chief, positions in the Asia and Pacific Department (1999–2008) as well as the European Department (1991–1999), which covered all the countries of the former Soviet Union. Moreover, he held Senior Economist positions in the Policy Development and Review Department (1997–1999), and the Western Hemisphere Department (1980–1987).
During his career at the IMF, he played key roles in the negotiations of several major IMF-supported programs, as well as policy consultations, including Indonesia, Malaysia, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Cambodia, Laos, East Timor, Russia, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, Armenia, Turkmenistan, Mexico, Colombia, Trinidad & Tobago, El Salvador and Somalia. In addition to his country policy experience, Mr. Valdivieso worked extensively on international capital market issues and developing countries’ external debt issues, and contributed directly to the design of IMF’s policies on post-conflict assistance, bank restructuring and supervision, monitoring issues related to financial sector reform, anti-money laundering issues and terrorism, custom unions, fiscal issues, and data management and dissemination. Mr. Valdivieso also was a Special Technical Advisor to the Ministry of Economy and Finance of Peru in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19124068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124068" title="101 Cars You Must Drive">
101 Cars You Must Drive

101 Cars you Must Drive was a Speed TV program hosted by actor and comedian Alonzo Bodden. The premise of the program is that there will be (at least) 101 cars, and that all 5 cars within a particular episode can be linked to one another in some fashion.
Description.
The first season consisted of 10 half-hour long episodes. Bodden drove each of the five described vehicles, with the exceptions of the Chevrolet Nova, 1951 Aerocar, Chrysler K-Car, Ford Bronco, Chevrolet Corvette Mk IV prototype, and the 1955 Chevrolet Bel-Air. Although he did not drive one, Bodden did ride in a Renault R5. 50 vehicles were reviewed by Bodden.
Cancellation.
Alonzo Bodden has stated the show has been cancelled by Speed.
Mistakes.
The name "Wankel" is incorrectly pronounced as "WANK-el". As the engine was developed in Germany, it is pronounced "VAWNK-el". (This is fairly standard in the U.S., or other English. MANY names, places and more are pronounced differently than in the original locations. Starting with Volkswagen, for that matter, correctly pronounced "FOLKS-vaag-en", not "Volks-wag-en", or "PORSH-Uh" rather than "PORSH" for Porsche. So seems inappropriate to single out one "mispronunciation".)

</doc>
<doc id="19124086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124086" title="Charles Wohlforth">
Charles Wohlforth

Charles P. Wohlforth (born 24 May 1963) is an Alaskan author and writer.
Wohlforth's books include "The Whale and the Supercomputer: On the Northern Front of Climate Change", which won a Los Angeles Times Book Prize, in the Science and Technology category, in 2004. Wohlforth has also authored a number of travel guides, including several editions of the annual "Frommer's Alaska". He graduated from Princeton University.

</doc>
<doc id="19124091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124091" title="Sideshow (album)">
Sideshow (album)

Sideshow is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in November 2004. It is a double disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19124095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124095" title="Mario César Ramírez">
Mario César Ramírez

Mario César Ramírez Estigarribia (born 25 May 1965 in Limpio, Paraguay) is a former football defender and coach.
Career.
As player.
Ramírez started his career in the youth divisions of Club 1 de Mayo de Limpio and then moved to Club Fulgencio Yegros, also from the city of Limpio. His good performances caught the eyes of Club Sol de América of the Paraguayan 1st division, which signed him for five years. During his years at Sol de América, Ramírez won the 1st division title in 1986 and was runners-up with the team in 1988. He then went on to sign for Argentine side Textil Mandiyú in 1989 before returning to Paraguay to play for Olimpia Asunción where he won national and international titles such as the Copa Libertadores and the Supercopa Sudamericana in 1990. He was then transferred to CD Veracruz of Mexico and played for a year and a half in the team before having contractual problems that kept him off the fields from over 2 years. After sorting out his contract problem he was released by Veracruz and in 1998 he returned to Paraguay to play for teams like Sportivo Luqueño, Tembetary, Guaraní and 12 de Octubre before retiring.
Ramírez also served for the Paraguay national football team, playing the 1993 Copa America tournament.
As coach.
After retirement he became a coach and managed teams like Club 12 de Octubre, Club Martín Ledesma and Club Silvio Pettirossi. His nickname is "RoboCop".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19124107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124107" title="Miguel Montero (tango singer)">
Miguel Montero (tango singer)

Miguel Ángel Montero (San Miguel de Tucumán, 9 July 1922 - Buenos Aires, 29 August 1975) was an Argentine tango singer. His works at Osvaldo Pugliese's Orchestra were notable, including song 'Acquaforte' and 'Antiguo reloj de cobre' (English: 'Old copper clock'). He died by myocardial infarction in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19124108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124108" title="Deaths in September 2008">
Deaths in September 2008

__NOTOC__
The following is a list of notable deaths in September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19124124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124124" title="Kalinin K-5">
Kalinin K-5

__NOTOC__
The Kalinin K-5 was an airliner produced in the Soviet Union in the 1930s, built in larger quantities than any other Soviet airliner of its time, with some 260 machines constructed. It was a conventional, high-wing, strut-braced monoplane with a fully enclosed cabin and cockpit, and followed the general pattern developed by Kalinin in his earlier designs, albeit on a larger scale. 
Development.
Kalinin had first considered an airliner for 10-12 passengers as early as 1926, but it was not until Ukrvozduhput expressed interest in such a machine late the following year that work on the design began in earnest. The prototype was ready by mid-autumn 1929, and first flew on October 18 with Mikhail Artemevich Snegirev at the controls. Safety trials for the State Commission commenced on 30 May 1930, and were passed successfully.
Ongoing problems with the aircraft's Gnome et Rhône-built Bristol Jupiter engine resulted in the second prototype being powered by a Pratt & Whitney Hornet instead. This machine undertook further testing and a number of promotional flights before series production of the K-5 commenced. Early production examples were used on trial services between Kharkov and Moscow, Mineralnye Vody, and Baku. Problems with the Bessonov M-15 engines became quickly apparent, with frequent failures and operational lifespans measured in only dozens of hours. K-5 operations were suspended by the Inspectorate of Civil Aviation until the issues were resolved. 
Kalinin turned to the Shvetsov M-22 as an alternative powerplant. While reliability increased, this engine installation also created more drag than the M-15 had, and performance decreased accordingly. State Acceptance trials carried out in May-June 1932 confirmed the reliability of the engine in 550 take-offs and landings and 2,000 steep turns, but found that the payload capacity was now unacceptably low. By this time, however, the M-15 had become reliable enough for restrictions to be lifted and K-5 production resumed, and eventually around 100 K-5s were fitted with this engine. The reliability of the revised M-15 design was vindicated by a gruelling flight through the Caucasus on 25 June 1933.
Eventually, the Mikulin M-17F provided the definitive powerplant for the K-5, offering an increase in power and performance over the M-15, but decreasing the aircraft's payload and range due to its greater weight. The new engine also required strengthening of the wing design; the first K-5 fitted with this engine suffered structural damage during flight tests due to the increase in engine power.
Operational history.
The K-5 was widely used by Aeroflot, displacing German-built Junkers F 13s and Dornier Komets in regular service. The first scheduled route flown by K-5s was Moscow-Kharkov, followed by services between Moscow and Sverdlovsk, Tashkent, and Arkhangelsk. They remained in service until 1940, becoming the backbone of Aeroflot's domestic operations.
The K-5 was also used by the Soviet Air Force as a transport aircraft, operating in this capacity until 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19124157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124157" title="2002 in chess">
2002 in chess

Events in chess during the year 2002:
Top players.
FIDE top 10 players by Elo rating - October 2002;

</doc>
<doc id="19124170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124170" title="Miami Seaquarium Spacerail">
Miami Seaquarium Spacerail

The Miami Seaquarium Spacerail was a monorail at Miami Seaquarium. It was the first hanging monorail in North America. It existed solely for entertainment, not transportation, as it had only one station. It offered views not only of the Seaquarium exhibits and buildings, but also of the Miami skyline. There were six cars, though only five were run at a time, and the cars had names after fish. The cars had unique styling until they were redesigned in 1978 to be rectangular and their names were removed. The cars operated around the loop counterclockwise, and had an Automatic Block Signal system.
In 1991, the Seaquarium was to be expanded. By that time, the monorail ridership was low, due to a loss of novelty. Furthermore, it was obsolete and labor-intensive. There was some consideration to turn the monorail into a parking lot, but in the end, the monorail was demolished, because the expanded park crowded out the views from the ride, although this may not have been an issue if the monorail had been built to operate in the opposite direction. The cars are now used as storage sheds, although there are some calls to preserve them.

</doc>
<doc id="19124187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124187" title="Cristóbal Suárez de Figueroa">
Cristóbal Suárez de Figueroa

Cristóbal Suárez de Figueroa Valladolid, Spain, (1571 - † after 1644) was a Spanish writer and jurist.

</doc>
<doc id="19124238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124238" title="Festival Singers of Canada">
Festival Singers of Canada

The Festival Singers of Canada was a professional choir located in Toronto, Canada from 1954-1979. Founded in 1954 by Elmer Iseler as the Festival Singers of Toronto, the choir was heard first heard on CBC radio in a 1955 Good Friday broadcast of Bach's "Christ lag in Todesbanden". Initially consisting of only 25 voices, the choir expanded to 32 voices and attracted international attention for their work in the early 1960s with Igor Stravinsky. Their recording of "Symphony of Psalms", conducted by Stravinsky, was nominated in 1965 for a Grammy Award. Tenor Gordon Wry was one of the founding singers of the chorus.
The choir made its US debut in December 1967 at the White House. In 1968 the choir changed its name to the Festival Singers of Canada and became the first Canadian choir to develop professional status. At this time, the chorus became the core of the Toronto Mendelssohn Choir. Expanding to 36 voices, the ensemble toured Europe in 1971, and again in 1972 with the Toronto Mendelssohn Choir. Further US appearances included concerts at Lincoln Center (1972), the Kennedy Center (1976), and the Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul in Philadelphia (1977). In 1977 the choir toured England, West Germany, and the USSR. In Canada the ensemble toured the west in 1974 and 1977 and the east in 1975 and appeared at the Stratford Festival during the summers of 1955, 1956, 1958, 1963-7 and 1974, the Guelph Spring Festival 1968, 1973, and 1975-7, the winter seasons of the Shaw Festival at Niagara-on-the-Lake 1973-6, and the 1976 Olympics in Montreal. Annual concert series were given in Toronto, and at the height of their fame the singers gave about 25 concerts each year on the CBC.
Excepting a period of about a year and a half (late 1960 to early 1962) when ill health forced his temporary resignation, Iseler was the Festival Singers' regular conductor until 1978. In Iseler's absence, Lloyd Bradshaw conducted several concerts, and Walter Susskind and Rowland Pack each conducted one. Iseler himself - as a guest - conducted the final concert in the 1961-2 series prior to returning as artistic director in August 1962, and he retained the position for the ensuing 16 years. Ruth Watson Henderson served as the choir's accompanist from 1968-1979.
By the mid-1970s there was dissatisfaction about the Festival Singers' objectives and policies among its constituent components - choir members, artistic director, management, and board. Furthermore, concern about the levels and sources of its funding prompted the Canada Council to commission a review of the choir's affairs in 1976. In 1978 these contentious issues resulted in the board announcement on 12 May that Iseler's contract would not be renewed.
Giles Bryant was named music director in June 1978, and Peter McCoppin, Jon Washburn, Brian Law, and John Barnum appeared as guest conductors during the 1978-9 season. The season was not a financial success, due in part to decreased use of the choir by the CBC. The Festival Singers announced suspension of activities in April 1979 and filed an assignment of bankruptcy 30 Jul 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19124248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124248" title="Children's Songs for Peace and a Better World">
Children's Songs for Peace and a Better World

"Children's Songs for Peace and a Better World" is the album released by the non-profit organization called The Mosaic Project. The organization's co-director is Brett Dennen, the folk musician, who wrote and performed the majority of the songs on the album.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Brett Dennen and Lara Mendel and performed by Brett Dennen, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19124254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124254" title="Quest (2006 film)">
Quest (2006 film)

Quest ("Thaang") is a 2006 English-language Indian film directed by Amol Palekar. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in English.

</doc>
<doc id="19124278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124278" title="Gregory, Queensland">
Gregory, Queensland

Gregory is a small town located near the Gregory River in the Shire of Burke, Queensland, Australia. The town had a population of 40 people in 2008 and is situated on the banks of the perennial Gregory River. The Gregory River was named by explorer William Landsborough on 19 November 1861, after Augustus Charles Gregory explorer and first Surveyor General of Queensland.
The town has a hotel that was originally built in the 1900s to accommodate travellers using the coach service to nearby Burketown. Previously the hotel also served as a post for the mounted police. The town itself is built on the homestead site of the historic Gregory Downs station, one of the first pastoral properties to be established in the Gulf Country, and was named "Gregory Downs". In 2013, the town was renamed from "Gregory Downs" to "Gregory".

</doc>
<doc id="19124282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124282" title="Hamilton Place Theatre">
Hamilton Place Theatre

The Hamilton Place Theatre, also known as the Ronald V. Joyce Centre for the Performing Arts, is "an internationally acclaimed theatre with a reputation for outstanding acoustics" and is located in Hamilton Place in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Located in downtown Hamilton and brimming with years of rich history in the arts, Hamilton Place has long been the cultural centre of the city. The celebrated venue is nestled amongst some of Hamilton’s best known attractions, such as The Art Gallery of Hamilton, The Canadian Football Hall of Fame, and many of the city’s historic and architecturally stunning churches.
Featuring year-round concerts, dance performance and live theatre, Hamilton Place is known for its gorgeous interior and spectacular acoustics, making it the ideal space to showcase any event.
Hamilton Place has hosted some of the world’s premier musicians and performing artists, including Tony Bennett, Leonard Cohen, Sarah McLachlan, and The Tragically Hip. Comedians Billy Connolly and Norm Macdonald have performed at the venue, as well as classic rockers Heart. Past theatrical runs have included performances of A Chorus Line, Evita and The Color Purple, in addition to dance-based shows such as Moulin Rouge: The Ballet and Michael Flatley’s Lord of The Dance. New events are constantly being added to the venue’s schedule, which is also home to The Hamilton Philharmonic Orchestra.
The stand-up comedy film "" was recorded at The Hamilton Place Theatre in 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="19124283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124283" title="Behgjet Pacolli">
Behgjet Pacolli

Behgjet Isa Pacolli (born 30 August 1951; ) is a former President of the Republic of Kosovo, and is now First Deputy Prime Minister serving in the cabinet of Hashim Thaçi. Pacolli was one of the signatories of 2008 Kosovo declaration of independence.
On 30 March 2011 the Constitutional Court of Kosovo declared that the constitution was broken during his election as President and he is no longer President of the Republic of Kosovo with immediate effect.[http://www.gjk-ks.org/repository/docs/ko_29_11_agj_om_ang.pdf] Pacolli stated that he respects the decision of the Constitutional Court of Kosovo and that he will not offer his resignation but he will leave his offices from 30 March 2011.
He is the President and CEO of Mabetex Group, a Swiss-based construction and civil-engineering company. Pacolli was also the President of the tenth biggest political party in Kosovo the New Kosovo Alliance. For the past four years, he has been involved in Kosovar politics. He is believed to be the world's richest ethnic Albanian.
Behgjet was the second of a family of 10 children who grew up, like most in Kosovo at the time, in the poor countryside. Similarly to thousands of other ethnic Albanians from Kosovo, Pacolli moved to Western Europe in search of job opportunities.
As a young man, Pacolli contacted companies throughout Austria and Germany seeking work and, soon after his release, he joined an Austrian company, where he worked as a sales representative for Yugoslavia, Bulgaria, Poland and Russia. Two years later, he moved to Switzerland and joined a Swiss company he had gotten to know in Moscow.
Early life and career.
Behgjet Pacolli is the son of Isa and Nazmije. He is Kosovar-Albanian by ethnicity but has Swiss citizenship as well. In the 1970s, he emigrated to Hamburg, West Germany where he achieved a Bachelor’s Degree in Economics, specializing in Marketing and Management. In 1974, he completed his military service in Yugoslav army and returned to Kosovo. In 1976, Pacolli moved to Switzerland where he became one of the top managers of Inter plastic, an engineering and trading company dealing in chemicals and plastics and cooperating with the countries of the Soviet bloc.
In 1990, he founded Mabetex Project Management, a construction company based in Lugano, Switzerland, which has developed into a large business group now called the Mabetex Group, with interests in insurance, media, construction, etc.
International projects.
Russia.
In 1992, during construction projects in Yakutia, Russia, Pacolli closely cooperated with the Yakutsk mayor Pavel Borodin. When Borodin had become the presidential property manager, Mabetex was given several important contracts to reconstruct, renovate and refurbish the former Russian Federation Parliament, the Russian Opera House, State Duma and the Moscow Kremlin. Mabetex also constructed the first luxury hotel, the Swiss Diamond Hotel, in the new Russian era. In 1998, Prosecutor General of Russia Yuri Skuratov opened a bribery investigation against Mabetex which was dropped after he left his office, and accused Pacolli personally of bribing President Boris Yeltsin’s family members. In 2000 Pacolli sued Skuratov in a Russian court for defamation. He won the case and Skuratov was ordered to pay one million Russian ruble to Pacolli for damages.
Kazakhstan.
Mabetex is currently working in Kazakhstan where it has played and important role in the construction of the new capital Astana, one of the awarded projects completed there was the new Presidential Palace. One of the greatest symbols of Mabetex’s achievements in Kazakhstan has been the transformation of the President’s residence. It is now a luxurious presidential residence whose splendour is a delight to visiting foreign dignitaries and to dictatorial President Nursultan Nazarbayev, who works there. Situated on the left bank of the river Essy, its architecture combines classic, modern and ethnic influences. The president’s residence is part of a complex of modern administrative buildings in the new center of the city – and its main purpose is to symbolize the new face of Kazakhstan.
The Group, is a major player in the Kazakhstan construction sector having built nearly 40% of the buildings in the New Astana City.
Italy.
In Italy, the Mabetex Group was responsible in the study and project for the refurbishment of the La Fenice theatre in Venice after it was burned.
Uzbekistan.
In Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan, his group constructed the award-winning project for the City Hall.
Politics.
On 17 March 2006, Pacolli founded the political party New Kosovo Alliance (AKR), which took part in the 2007 parliamentary election and came third. During these elections he declared property worth €420 million.
Pacolli became a deputy in the Assembly of Kosovo and a member of the Committee for Budget and Finance. With Pacolli's rise in Politics, he was seen as a great asset not only to Kosovo but to its development.
Since 2004, Behgjet Pacolli has continued his lobbying efforts on behalf of Kosovo by supporting numerous institutions and advocacy groups and lobbying foreign governments, institutions and international agencies to support Kosovo's full independence and recognition. Pacolli is an international councilor of the CSIS (Center for Strategic and International Studies).
Since Kosovo's declaration of independence in February 2007, Pacolli has been working diligently lobbying countries to officially recognize Kosovo as an independent state. Pacolli has travelled to several countries to lobby for recognition of Kosovo's independence and is continuing to do so. Pacolli continues his lobbying activities all around the world, where he meets senior leaders of world countries in an attempt to convince them of the arguments in favor of recognizing Kosovo’s independence.
Presidency of Kosovo.
On 22 February 2011, Behgjet Pacolli was elected President of Kosovo as a part of a power sharing agreement with Hashim Thaçi. The same day the parliament of the Republic of Kosovo chose Pacolli as the President of the Republic. Pacolli submitted his resignation after the Constitutional Court’s opinion was that: "the Decision 
of the Assembly of the Republic of Kosovo, No. 04-V-04, concerning the 
election of the President of the Republic of Kosovo, dated 22 February 2011, is 
unconstitutional - and shall no longer be in force rom the date of its 
publication pursuant to Article 116.3 of the Constitution - since it is contrary 
to the requirements of Article 86 of the Constitution of the Republic of Kosovo 
and the democratic principles enshrined therein". He announced he would run for presidency again in the immediate election. Later, he agreed to have Atifete Jahjaga elected as president until 2012 when a constitution reform would mandate new direct presidential elections. Pacolli is expected to run in the 2012 election.
Personal life.
Pacolli was married to Anna Oxa, an Italian-Albanian singer, from 1999 to 2002. At present he is married to Russian Maria (Masha) Pacolli (née Sichkova) and is the father of a son and four daughters.
In 2004, three United Nations workers were taken hostage in Kabul, Annette Flannigan, Angelito Nayan and Shqipe Hebibi, who was from Kosovo and had neither representation nor support from the outside. Behgjet Pacolli traveled to Afghanistan for one month of intensive personal work and negotiations on their behalf and has been credited with securing their release. It was two years later that the whole story repeated itself when the Italian citizen, Gabrielle Torsello was kidnapped in Afghanistan. Behgjet Pacolli was contacted by the Italian services in order to negotiate her liberation and was successful in doing so.
In 1993, Pacolli established "Les Enfants du Sakha", a fund with the stated goal of providing help in the medical care, education and recreation of children.
Since the end of the war, Pacolli has set up in Lugano, the Foundation for the Organisation and Reconstruction of Kosovo (FORK), through which he has been channelling aid to the province.
Pacolli has employed several thousand Kosovar Albanians in projects across the world, as well as building houses, providing food, and opening schools for famililes.
Pacolli’s humanitarian foundation "Behgjet Pacolli" has constructed and furnished the American University in Kosovo, in Pristina.[http://www.aukonline.org/?cid=1,129] and now students from around the world attend including the ones from Kosovo.
Pacolli also financially supports the SEED Foundation (South East European Development) and is an international councillor of the CSIS (Centre for Strategic and International Studies).
On July 2010, International Union for Peace honoured the president of AKR (New Kosovo Alliance), Mr. Behgjet Pacolli with the special price "Cavaliere della Pace", (Cavalier of Peace). Mr. Pacolli is well known for his humanitarian activities during the last decades toward the people not only in Kosovo, but also around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19124354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124354" title="A Radio Institution">
A Radio Institution

A Radio Institution is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in July 2005. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19124402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124402" title="Sleeper (2009 film)">
Sleeper (2009 film)

Sleeper is an action horror film shot in Australia in 2008 by writer-director Dru Brown and producer Judd Tilyard. It features "The Lord of the Rings" actor Bruce Hopkins and professional wrestler Scott "Raven" Levy, best known for his stunts in WCW, ECW, WWE, TNA and ROH . It is the second major film to star Raven, following his first starring role as The Reaper in "Death Racers". 
Despite its low budget the film received publicity from around the world, including Raven's interviews with international wrestling magazines, "Sleeper" actors Kym Jackson and Lauren Orrell walking the red carpet at the American Film Institute Film Festival promoting the film, and interviews on "The Lord of the Rings" actor Bruce Hopkins' radio show in New Zealand. 
The film follows several similar WWE films shot in Queensland, including "See No Evil", "The Marine" and "The Condemned".
Plot.
Brutal killer, Adam Resnik escapes during a prison transfer and begins a bloody killing spree on his way home to Moonlight Bay, and the target of his desire – the young and vulnerable Kelly. Detectives Raynor and Molloy track Resnik as he closes in on Kelly and her friends, racing to catch him before the sun goes down.

</doc>
<doc id="19124403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124403" title="EC Archives">
EC Archives

The EC Archives are a series of American hardcover collections of full-color comic book reprints of EC Comics, published by Russ Cochran and Gemstone Publishing from 2006 to 2008.
The output of Bill Gaines' EC Comics line in the 1940s and 1950s is one of the most critically acclaimed of the pre-Comics Code comics publishers (and one of the major casualties of the Comics Code). Such EC Comics as "Tales from the Crypt" and "Weird Science" are known even to people unfamiliar with the source material, due to film-TV adaptations and numerous reprints, including publisher Cochran's Complete EC Library, published from 1978 to 2006. Between 1992 and 2000, Cochran and Gemstone Publishing also produced full-color individual issues and EC Annuals reprints of almost all the EC Comics, beginning with "The Haunt of Fear", "The Vault of Horror" and "Weird Science".
Digital recoloring.
In 2006, Gemstone began producing a more durable series of hardback reprint collections designed by Michael Kronenberg. Similar to the DC Archives and Marvel Masterworks series, the EC Archives superseded Cochran's original annotated EC Library (of black-and-white stories) by reprinting sequential compilations of EC titles in a full-color, hardback archival format with new annotations. On January 11, 2011, Cochran looked back on the project, noting the differences between his earlier EC Library and the later EC Archives:
Each book reprints six issues for a total of 24 stories. The original coloring by EC's colorist Marie Severin was used as a guide for digital recoloring by Jamison Services, a color separation company in West Plains, Missouri, the hometown of publisher Cochran. Allen Jamison and Jamison Services had previously done coloring for the DC Archives. Also contributing to the project at Cochran's West Plains office were operations manager Angela Meyer and production artist Chris Rock. Crediting Kronenberg as "Art Director/Designer and Color Editor" and Marie Severin for "Colors", Cochran explained the digital upgrade given to Severin's coloring; "Most of the original coloring of these stories is the work of EC colorist Marie Severin, and although all of these stories have been re-colored for this new edition, her style of coloring was followed to retain the integrity of the original EC comic books". He later added:
Along with the original EC advertisements, editorials and letters pages, the books also feature introductions by John Carpenter, Joe Dante, Paul Levitz, George Lucas, Steven Spielberg, R. L. Stine, Jerry Weist and others. The entirety of the New Trend and New Direction comics were planned for eventual release. Kronenberg suggested EC's Pre-Trend titles might also be reprinted in Archive form. However, EC's black-and-white Picto-Fiction magazines are unlikely to be reprinted as EC Archives.
The EC Archives publishing history has been a troubled one. The original run was interrupted after thirteen volumes, due to financial difficulties at Gemstone Publishing, in 2008. The line was revived for two more volumes by GC Press LLC, a boutique imprint established by Russ Cochran and Grant Geissman, in 2012. Most recently the line has been taken up by Dark Horse Comics, who announced plans to resume it with the release of "Tales from the Crypt Volume 4" in October 2013.
Limited editions.
In February 2008, the first limited leather-bound edition of one of the EC Archives was released. "Weird Science" Volume 1 was released in a limited print run of 300, all signed by EC editor Al Feldstein. "Weird Science" Volume 2 was released in August 2008. The limited editions came packaged with a pair of white gloves for handling of the expensive volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="19124420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124420" title="Cross Creek Wildlife Management Area">
Cross Creek Wildlife Management Area

Cross Creek Wildlife Management Area is located on in Brooke County near Wellsburg, West Virginia. Mixed hardwoods cover most of the former strip mine site. The rolling terrain is punctuated with a few highwalls and ponds. Cross Creek WMA can be reached by State Route 7 about northeast of Wellsburg.
Hunting and Fishing.
Hunting opportunities include deer, grouse, turkey and waterfowl. Cross Creek provides fishing opportunities for smallmouth bass, largemouth bass, bluegill and channel catfish, as well as stocked trout.
Camping is prohibited on the Cross Creek WMA land.

</doc>
<doc id="19124424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124424" title="Chaetodon pictus">
Chaetodon pictus

Chaetodon pictus, the Horseshoe butterflyfish, is a species of butterflyfish found in the Red Sea, the Gulf of Aden and around Oman.

</doc>
<doc id="19124437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124437" title="2006 Pacific hurricane season">
2006 Pacific hurricane season

The 2006 Pacific hurricane season was the most active since 2000, which also produced 19 tropical storms or hurricanes. Eighteen developed within the National Hurricane Center (NHC) area of warning responsibility, which is east of 140°W, and one storm formed between 140°W and the International Date Line, which is under the jurisdiction of the Central Pacific Hurricane Center (CPHC). Of the 19 total storms, eleven became hurricanes, of which six attained major hurricane status. Within the NHC portion of the basin, the season officially began on May 15, and in the CPHC portion, it started on June 1; the season officially ended on November 30. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the eastern Pacific basin.
The strongest storm of the season was Hurricane Ioke, which reached Category 5 status on the Saffir-Simpson scale in the central Pacific Ocean; Ioke passed near Johnston Atoll and later Wake Island, where it caused heavy damage but no deaths. The deadliest storm of the season was Hurricane John, which killed six people after striking the Baja California Peninsula, and the costliest storm was Hurricane Lane, which caused $203 million in damage in southwestern Mexico (2006 USD, $  USD).
Seasonal activity began on May 27 when Tropical Storm Aletta formed off the southwest coast of Mexico. No storms formed in June, though the season became active in July when five named storms developed, including Hurricane Daniel which was the second strongest storm of the season, as well as Tropical Storm Emilia. During August, Hurricanes Ioke and John formed, as well as four other storms. September was a relatively quiet month with two storms, of which one was Hurricane Lane. Three storms developed in October including Hurricane Paul and two formed in November; this marked the first time on record when more than one tropical storm developed in the basin during the month of November.
__TOC__
Seasonal forecast.
On May 22, 2006, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) released their forecasts for the 2006 Atlantic, Pacific hurricane seasons. The Pacific season was expected to be hindered by the decades-long cycle that began in 1995, which generally increased wind shear across the basin. NOAA predicted a below-normal level of activity in the Eastern Pacific, with 12–16 named storms, of which 6–8 were expected to become hurricanes, and 1–3 expected to become major hurricanes. The Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility was also expected to be below average, with only two to three tropical cyclones expected to form or cross into the area. They expected that neither El Niño nor La Niña would affect conditions significantly.
On May 15, the hurricane season began in the Eastern Pacific basin, which is the area of the northern Pacific Ocean east of 140ºW. On June 1, the season began in the Central Pacific warning zone (between 140ºW and the International Dateline); however, no storms occurred in the region until July.
Seasonal summary.
No tropical storms developed in June in the basin, which was unusual compared to the average of two storms forming during the month. Since 1966, there have been only three other seasons in which a tropical storm did not form in June, these being 1969, 2004, and 2007. After such an inactive month, the tropics became active in July when five named storms developed, including Hurricane Daniel which was the second strongest storm of the season. During August, Hurricanes Ioke and John formed, as well as four other storms. September was a relatively quiet month with two storms, of which one was Hurricane Lane. By that time, however, El Niño conditions became established across the Pacific, which is known to enhance Pacific hurricane activity.
Three storms developed in October, including was Hurricane Paul. Tropical activity within the basin in November 2006 was the most active on record, based on the Accumulated Cyclone Energy (ACE) Index. Three tropical cyclones formed, of which two became tropical storms; only one other season on record, 1961, produced two tropical storms in the month of November. In addition, Mexico was struck by four tropical cyclones in 2006, none on the Atlantic coast and all along the Pacific coast. One hit Baja California Peninsula while the others made landfall on the mainland.
An extratropical storm persisted in the extreme northern central Pacific Ocean in late October. It drifted over unusually warm waters up to 3.6°F (2°C) above normal, and gradually developed convection near the center. By November 2, QuikSCAT satellite suggested the system attained winds of up to 60 mph (95 km/h) about 900 mi (1450 km) west of Oregon. The system also developed an eye and an eyewall. The cyclone tracked northeastward as it gradually weakened, and dissipated on November 4. NASA considered the cyclone to be a subtropical storm. However, as it formed outside of the territory of any monitoring organization, it was not named. Operationally, the United States Navy treated the system as a tropical disturbance, numbered 91C.
Storms.
Tropical Storm Aletta.
On May 27, 12 days into the season, Tropical Depression One formed about 190 miles (305 km) south of Acapulco. It slowly organized and became a tropical storm with 45 mph (75 km/h) sustained winds. While named tropical cyclones in May are infrequent events, Aletta marked the seventh consecutive year to have a named cyclone form in May. The storm moved toward the Guerrero coast in southwestern Mexico, prompting the Mexican government to issue tropical storm watches between Punta Maldonado and Zihuatanejo. Aletta then became stationary over the Guerrero and Oaxaca coastlines, but it later turned to the west and dissipated on May 30.
Aletta produced moderate rainfall across Mexico, including a 24-hour rainfall total of 3.94 inches (100 mm) in Jacatepec, Oaxaca on May 30, and 3.78 inches (96 mm) in La Calera, Guerrero, the next day. There were no reports of damage, flooding, or casualties.
Tropical Depression Two-E.
On the day after Aletta dissipated, a new area of disturbed weather developed off the southwest Mexican coast. High shear slowed the development of the system, although it gained enough convection and organization to be classified as a tropical depression on June 3. The depression strengthened to near tropical storm status as it approached the coast of southwestern Mexico; however, shear persisted over the system and it weakened before dissipating on June 4.
Despite never becoming a named storm, heavy rain occurred, including a total of 19.13 inches (486 mm) measured in a 48 hour period in Acapulco. Mudslides and flash flooding were reported, forcing 72 people from their homes. No deaths or serious damage was reported.
Hurricane Bud.
On July 11, after over a month of inactivity, a disturbance off the Peninsula of Baja California developed into a tropical depression. It moved west-northwestward for its entire duration, quickly intensifying into a tropical storm and hurricane. A clear, well-defined eye developed, and Bud became the first major hurricane of the season. On July 13, the hurricane attained peak winds of 125 mph (205 km/h), although cooler waters and stable air caused a marked weakening trend. By July 15, Bud weakened to tropical depression status, and the next day it degenerated into a remnant low pressure area. The remnants of Bud produced light rainfall across Hawaii.
Hurricane Carlotta.
A tropical wave exited Africa on June 30 and moved across the Atlantic Ocean without development. On July 9, while crossing Central America into the eastern North Pacific Ocean, thunderstorm activity increased, and the system organized into Tropical Depression Four-E early on July 12 about 290 mi (465 km) south of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero. The large depression moved quickly to the west-northwest to the south of a ridge over northwestern Mexico, and its outer rainbands moved across the coast. Rainfall totals were less than 1 inch (25 mm). The depression intensified into Tropical Storm Carlotta just six hours after forming. By late on July 12, the storm developed banding features, and early on July 13 Carlotta attained hurricane status about 430 mi (700 km) south of the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula.
As Carlotta intensified, the system became more compact, and it reached peak winds of 85 mph (140 km/h) on July 13. An eye formed in the center, and the hurricane was briefly forecast to attain major hurricane status, or a Category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson scale. However, Carlotta weakened due to increased wind shear from Hurricane Bud to its west, and the eye and convection deteriorated. Carlotta briefly weakened to tropical storm status late on July 14, although a decrease in shear allowed it to reintensify into a hurricane. This was short-lived as the center moved into the area of cooler waters, and Carlotta again weakened to tropical storm status. Late on July 15, the circulation became separated from the convection, and Carlotta weakened to tropical depression status on July 16, and the next day generated into a remnant low. The circulation continued generally westward, dissipating on July 20 about 1500 mi (2400 km) east of the Hawaiian islands.
Hurricane Daniel.
On July 16, a tropical disturbance formed far to the south of the Baja California Peninsula and quickly increased in convective activity and organization, becoming a tropical depression. The system continued to organize and was designated as a tropical storm the next day. On July 18, Daniel attained hurricane status, and two days later underwent rapid intensification; it reached major hurricane status and was later upgraded further to Category 4 status on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. Its peak intensity was 150 mph (240 km/h). The hurricane underwent eyewall replacement cycles, which are internal mechanisms that occur in most intense hurricanes. Daniel later became an annular hurricane, which allowed it to maintain Category 4 status for longer than it otherwise would have.
It crossed over into the Central Pacific early on July 24 and was predicted to affect Hawaii as a tropical storm; however, Daniel encountered weak steering currents in the open ocean, causing it to slow down considerably. It rapidly degenerated to a tropical depression on July 25, and the CPHC issued its last advisory on July 26 while the storm was still well to the east of Hawaii. Its remnants later moved across the Hawaiian islands, dropping heavy rainfall and causing flooding. West Wailuaiki on Maui recorded 3.87 inches (98 mm) in one day, which was the highest daily rainfall total from the hurricane.
Tropical Storm Emilia.
The origins of Emilia were from a tropical wave that developed into a tropical depression on July 21, a short distance off the coast of Acapulco. It moved generally north-northwestward, reaching tropical storm status on July 22 and passing about 175 mi (280 km) southwest of Manzanillo, Colima. An eyewall began to form that day, and Emilia reached peak winds of 65 mph (105 km/h). It briefly weakened due to wind shear, although restrengthening occurred as the storm turned toward the Baja California peninsula. On July 26, Emilia again reached peak winds of 65 mph (105 km/h), and shortly thereafter it passed about 60 mi (95 km) southwest of the southern tip of Baja California. It weakened as it turned into cooler waters, first to tropical depression status on July 27 and then to a convective-less remnant low on July 28. The remnants dissipated on July 31 about 495 mi (800 km) west-southwest of San Diego, California.
In southwestern Mexico, Emilia produced tropical storm force winds along the coastline. Rainfall in the southern portion of the Baja California peninsula caused minor flooding, and gusty winds caused damage to buildings and power lines. Moisture from Emilia reached the southwestern United States. Thunderstorms and rainfall occurred across Arizona, causing flooding. In southern California, the storm dropped light rainfall, which assisted firefighters in containing a wildfire.
Tropical Storm Fabio.
A tropical wave crossed the west coast of Africa on July 15 and entered the Pacific on July 25. Convection increased on July 28, and at 1800 UTC on July 31 the system became Tropical Depression Seven-E about 980 miles (1,580 km) southwest of the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula. Six hours later, the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Fabio. It moved westward due to a ridge to its north, and on August 1 Fabio reached peak winds of 50 mph (85 km/h). Later, the storm began weakening due to increased wind shear and dry air. On August 3, Fabio deteriorated to tropical depression status, and later that day it degenerated into a remnant low pressure area. The remnants continued westward, moving across Hawaii on August 7.
Although Fabio did not impact land, its remnants produced heavy rainfall in Hawaii. In a 24 hour period, 2.89 inches (73 mm) of rainfall was recorded at Glenwood on the island of Hawaii; this was the highest daily rainfall total for the month on the island. However, the heaviest precipitation fell on Mount Waiʻaleʻale on Kauai, where 15.08 inches (383 mm) fell in 24 hours; this total alone was greater than all other monthly rainfall totals in the state. The heavy rainfall flooded the Hanalei River, which forced the closure of the Kuhio Highway when a bridge was inundated. On Oahu, the rainfall caused ponding on roadways and flooding along streams. One flooded stream stranded 24 hikers along a trail, all of whom required rescue by helicopter.
Tropical Storm Gilma.
On July 17, a tropical wave exited Africa and crossed the Atlantic without developing. On July 25 it entered the Eastern Pacific, gradually developing an area of organized convection. Despite marginally favorable upper-level winds, the system organized enough to be declared a tropical depression on August 1, several hundred miles southwest of Acapulco, Mexico. Initially, the depression tracked west-northwestward. Despite wind shear in the area, the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Gilma later on August 1. The wind shear prevented further strengthening or organization, and Gilma weakened to a tropical depression early on August 2. The depression turned westward, and Gilma degenerated into a remnant low by August 4.
Hurricane Hector.
A tropical wave exited Africa on July 31, and after no development in the Atlantic, it crossed Central America into the northeastern Pacific Ocean on August 10. Convection gradually increased, and a broad low pressure area developed about 375 miles (605 km) south of Acapulco, Mexico on August 13. The system continued to become organized, and it developed into a tropical depression around 1800 UTC on August 15 about 650 mi (1,045 km) south-southwest of the southern tip of Baja California. It moved west-northwestward, located south of a ridge that extended westward from northern Mexico westward into the Pacific. The depression quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Hector early on August 16. Hector was able to steadily strengthen, reaching hurricane status at 0600 UTC on August 17. It is estimated that Hector reached its peak intensity of 110 mph (175 km/h) at 0600 UTC on August 18, while centered about 1,035 mi (1,665 km) southwest of the southern tip of Baja California.
Hector remained a Category 2 hurricane for about 24 hours. Shortly thereafter, it encountered cooler waters and westerly shear, and Hector steadily weakened until becoming a tropical storm by August 20. Shortly thereafter, the storm reached a weakness in the subtropical ridge, which caused it to move slowly to the northwest. By August 21, deep convection was confined to the northeast portion of the circulation. The shear was not strong enough to completely weaken the tropical cyclone and Hector remained a tropical storm with 50 mph (85 km/h) winds for about 24 hours. After the remaining shower and thunderstorm activity dissipated on August 22, the cyclone turned westward in response to the low-level easterly wind flow. Hector weakened to a tropical depression at 0000 UTC on August 23, and to a remnant low six hours later. The remnant circulation of Hector dissipated on August 24 about 750 mi (1,210 km) east of the Hawaiian Islands.
Hurricane Ioke.
The cyclone developed from the Intertropical Convergence Zone on August 20 far to the south of Hawaii. Encountering warm waters, little wind shear, and well-defined outflow, Ioke intensified from a tropical depression to Category 4 status within 48 hours. Late on August 22 it rapidly weakened to Category 2 status before crossing over Johnston Atoll. Two days later favorable conditions again allowed for rapid strengthening, and Ioke attained Category 5 status on August 25 before crossing the International Date Line. At the time, its barometric pressure was estimated at 915 mbar, thus becoming the strongest hurricane on record in the Central Pacific. As it continued westward its intensity fluctuated, and on August 31 it passed near Wake Island with winds of . Ioke gradually weakened as it turned northwestward and northward, and by September 6 it had transitioned into an extratropical cyclone. By then, the cyclone had lasted 19 days, reaching the equivalent of Category 5 status on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale three times. The remnants of Ioke accelerated northeastward and ultimately crossed into Alaska.
Ioke did not affect any permanently populated areas in the Central Pacific or Western Pacific basins as a hurricane or a typhoon. A crew of 12 people stayed in a hurricane-proof bunker on Johnston Atoll during the hurricane's passage; the crew estimated winds reached over , which damaged trees on the island but did not impact the island's bird population. The hurricane left moderate damage on Wake Island totaling $88 million (2006 USD), which resulted from blown off roofs and damaged buildings, although the infrastructure of the island was left intact. All military personnel were evacuated from the island, the first full-scale evacuation of the island since Typhoon Sarah in 1967. Later, the extratropical remnants of Ioke produced a severe storm surge along the Alaskan coastline, causing beach erosion.
Hurricane Ileana.
The origins of Hurricane Ileana were from a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on August 8. It entered the Eastern North Pacific on August 16 and developed into a tropical depression on August 21 near Acapulco. The depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Ileana six hours after forming. Ileana continued to strengthen, becoming a hurricane in 24 hours and a major hurricane a day after that. Ileana reached its peak intensity of 120 mph (195 km/h) before beginning a slow weakening phase on August 24 when it encountered cooler waters. Ileana weakened a tropical depression on the morning of August 27 and quickly degenerated into a remnant low, dissipating on August 29. As Ileana was heading north along the Mexican coastline, slight rainfall was recorded along the coast. There were also reports of hurricane force winds on Socorro Island. One fatality was reported when a man drowned in heavy surf near Cabo San Lucas.
Hurricane John.
On August 28, a persistent area of low pressure southwest of Acapulco, Mexico developed into a tropical depression. Later that day it strengthened into a tropical storm, and it reached hurricane strength 24 hours later on August 29. John underwent rapid intensification and reached Category 3 intensity later that day and Category 4 on August 30. Hours later, the hurricane underwent another eyewall replacement cycle, and subsequently weakened to Category 3 status as it paralleled the Mexican coastline a short distance offshore. Potentially due to its eyewall replacement cycle or its interaction with land, Hurricane John weakened to a 105 mph hurricane by late on August 31, but restrengthened to a major hurricane shortly after. It made landfall near the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula as a Category 2 hurricane on September 1. John continued northwestward along the eastern Baja California peninsula, weakening to tropical depression status by September 3 and dissipating on September 4 in the Gulf of California.
Along the southwestern coast of Mexico, Hurricane John produced heavy surf, strong winds, and heavy rainfall, which flooded roads, caused mudslides, and downed trees. Along the Baja California Peninsula, the hurricane dropped heavy rainfall, with a 24-hour peak of 10.8 inches (276 mm) in Los Planes. The heavy rainfall caused flooding, closed roads, and caused a dam to overflow. The winds and rainfall destroyed thousands of flimsy houses across the region. Across Mexico, five people were killed, and damage amounted to $663 million (2006 MXN, $60.8 million 2006 USD). Moisture from the remnants of John produced flooding across Texas, which closed a ½ mile (800 m) portion of Interstate 10 in El Paso. In southern New Mexico, the rainfall caused widespread street flooding and some minor damage. Tropical moisture from the storm also produced rainfall in Arizona and southern California, where eight separate mudslides occurred, trapping 19 vehicles but causing no injuries.
Hurricane Kristy.
On August 30, a tropical wave located about 525 miles (850 km) south-southwest of Baja California became more organized and was designated as the twelfth tropical depression of the 2006 season. It strengthened into Tropical Storm Kristy and became Hurricane Kristy the next day. It did not retain this status for long, partly due to its proximity to Hurricane John. There was a possibility of a Fujiwhara interaction between both systems, causing Kristy to weaken or perhaps be absorbed into the circulation of John. This did not occur, however. Kristy weakened steadily after its peak intensity and looked to be close to dissipating, but on September 3 and again on September 5, convection flared up and it returned to tropical storm strength. After oscillating between storm and depression strength, the system degenerated into a remnant low on September 7, which dissipated on September 8 without affecting land.
Hurricane Lane.
On September 13, a tropical disturbance located about 125 miles (200 km) west-southwest of Acapulco, Mexico, gradually became better organized and was designated the thirteenth tropical depression of the 2006 season. The depression intensified in a favorable environment, and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Lane later that night. As it moved parallel to the Mexican coast it continued to strengthen and became a hurricane on September 15, and a major hurricane early the next day. Hurricane Lane reached peak winds of 125 mph (205 km/h) before it made landfall on the coast of Sinaloa on September 16. It quickly weakened over land and dissipated on September 17.
Tropical Storm Lane produced heavy rainfall and high seas along the west coast of Mexico, including Acapulco where flood waters reached 16 inches (40 cm) in depth. The Acapulco airport also experienced flooding, though service was not interrupted. Throughout Mexico, the hurricane caused four deaths and $2.2 billion (2006 MXN, $203 million 2006 USD) in damage, half of which in Sinaloa where heavy crop damage was reported. An estimated 4,320 homes were affected by the hurricane, and 19,200 miles (30,000 km) of roads and highways were damaged to some degree, including some destroyed bridges.
Tropical Storm Miriam.
A disturbance associated with a northerly extension of the Intertropical Convergence Zone and a tropical wave developed a closed circulation on September 15. It moved northeastward due to the influence from nearby Hurricane Lane, and organized enough to be declared Tropical Depression Fourteen-E on September 16 while located about 500 miles southwest of Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. It quickly strengthened, and organized into Tropical Storm Miriam later that day. After reaching a peak intensity of 45 mph (70 km/h), vertical wind shear and cooler waters rapidly weakened the storm, and the circulation decoupled from the convection on September 17. After turning more towards the north, Miriam weakened to tropical depression status, and on September 18 it degenerated to a remnant low. The remnant circulation turned to the northwest, then to the east, and dissipated on September 21 a short distance west of Baja California. No deaths are damage are associated with Miriam, and only one ship recorded winds of over tropical storm force near the center.
Tropical Depression Two-C.
On September 19, an area of disturbed weather associated with the Intertropical Convergence Zone became sufficiently organized to be designated Tropical Depression Two-C. Initially, it was thought that the depression formed from the remnants of Hurricane Kristy, although subsequent analysis confirmed they were two separate systems. Initially, the depression was in an area of favorable conditions, with little wind shear and warm waters. As a result, the CPHC predicted significant strengthening to at least hurricane status. Instead, a high pressure system to its north increased wind shear over the depression, causing the convection to become removed from the center. The depression weakened into a remnant low on September 20, never reaching tropical storm status.
Tropical Depression Three-C.
During September, El Niño conditions became established across the Pacific, which produced an area of warmer waters along the International Date Line. A few days after Tropical Depression Two-C dissipated, another area of disturbed weather formed, and although it was disorganized, it was also persistent. The CPHC initiated advisories on Tropical Depression Three-C on September 26 after a circulation was evident in the system. Strong wind shear prevented any development, and the system dissipated on September 27.
Tropical Storm Norman.
Early in October, a low pressure system began to organize to the west of the Mexican coast, and on October 9 it developed into Tropical Depression Fifteen-E. It strengthened into a tropical storm the next day, but strong wind shear and low sea-surface temperatures hindered development. Norman slowly began to weaken, and on October 11 it degenerated into a remnant low pressure area. Turning eastward, the system combined with a new tropical disturbance off the southwest Mexican coast, and slowly began to reorganize. The system was re-designated a tropical depression on October 15 just south-southeast of Manzanillo, Colima, although within a few hours it again dissipated.
The storm brought heavy rainfall to southwestern Mexico, peaking at 6.35 inches (161 mm) in La Villita, Michoacán. The rainfall caused flooding and mudslides around Acapulco, affecting 170 homes, of which 20 were destroyed. About 300 hectares (740 acres) of crop fields sustained damage. Initially there were two people missing; however, a subsequent report indicated there were no casualties associated with the storm.
Tropical Storm Olivia.
On September 18, a tropical wave exited Africa and later crossed into the eastern Pacific on September 29 without development. Convection increased in the Pacific along the wave axis, spawning a broad low pressure area on October 5. Despite the presence of wind shear, it organized enough for the NHC to initiate advisories on Tropical Depression Sixteen-E on October 9 about to the west-southwest of the southern tip of Baja California. Influenced by a high pressure system, the depression drifted northward. Six hours after being upgraded to a tropical storm, Olivia attained peak winds of 45 mph (75 km/h), although the convection was limited to its northern side due to wind shear. On October 11, the convective activity diminished and Olivia weakened to tropical depression status. Olivia deteriorated into a remnant low on October 13. It moved towards the east-southeast, and on October 15 was absorbed into the remnants of Tropical Storm Norman. Olivia never affected land.
Tropical Depression Four-C.
In the middle of October, the Intertropical Convergence Zone extended across the central Pacific Ocean, resembling an extension of the monsoon trough. An area of disturbed weather formed well to the southwest of Hawaii, organizing slowly for several days. Late on October 13, after the development of a low-level circulation and persistent convection, the CPHC classified the system as Tropical Depression Four-C about 750 mi (1,200 km) southwest of Honolulu, Hawaii. Upon being classified, the depression was located in an unusual steering flow that caused it to track eastward. Due to the approach of an upper-level trough, it was expected to dissipate quickly from wind shear, although forecasters noted the possibility for the trough to provide an outflow channel, which might allow strengthening. On October 14, strong wind shear removed the convection completely from the center, and the system degenerated into a remnant low.
The remnant circulation continued slowly eastward, dissipating on October 16. Concurrently, the convection tracked northeastward ahead of the upper-level trough, which contributed to heavy rainfall and flooding on the island of Hawaii on October 17. The rainfall event coincided with an earthquake striking the area.
Hurricane Paul.
Hurricane Paul developed from an area of disturbed weather on October 21, and slowly intensified as it moved into an area of warm waters and progressively decreasing wind shear. Paul attained hurricane status on October 23, and later that day it reached its peak intensity of 105 mph (165 km/h), a strong Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson scale. A strong trough turned the hurricane to the north and northeast into an area of strong vertical shear, and Paul weakened to a tropical storm on October 24, later passing just south of the Baja California Peninsula. Paul weakened to a tropical depression on October 25 a short distance off the coast of Mexico, and after briefly turning away from the coast it made landfall on northwestern Sinaloa on October 26.
Paul was the third hurricane to threaten western Mexico in the season, the others being Hurricanes John and Lane. Rough surf killed two people along Baja California Sur, while two deaths from flooding were reported in Sinaloa. Paul dropped moderate rainfall across mainland Mexico, including a 24-hour total of 2.28 inches (58 mm) in Mazatlán, Sinaloa. Damage totaled more than $35 million (2006 MXN, $3.2 million 2006 USD).
Tropical Depression Eighteen-E.
The origins of Tropical Depression Eighteen-E were from a tropical wave that exited the coast of Africa on October 7. It briefly spawned a low-pressure area as the wave continued westward without development. On October 20, the wave entered the Pacific Ocean, developing an area of thunderstorms about four days later. By 1200 UTC on October 26, a tropical depression formed about 155 mi (260 km) south of Manzanillo. Initially, Tropical Depression Eighteen-E was located in an area of light wind shear, and the NHC anticipated further organization and strengthening to near hurricane status. The tropical depression initially maintained a steady westward motion away from the Mexican coastline, due to a ridge north of the cyclone. By October 17, convection had decreased, and the depression was not forecast to intensify as much. Possibly due to intrusion of dry air, the circulation became exposed from the thunderstorms, and having weakened, it turned to a southward drift. By 0000 UTC on October 28, the system had weakened to a non-convective remnant low, which dissipated the following day.
Tropical Storm Rosa.
A tropical wave exited western Africa on October 22 and continued westward into the Pacific on November 2, spawning a tropical depression on November 8 about 440 mi (710 km) south of Manzanillo, Colima. Environmental conditions appeared favorable, although wind shear removed the convection from the circulation. Throughout its duration, the storm maintained a northwest track through a weakness in a subtropical ridge. By November 9, a new area of convection persisted near the center, and a banding feature formed. Despite the shear, the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Rosa, although the shear prevented intensification beyond its peak of 40 mph (65 km/h). Rosa remained a tropical storm for only 18 hours, becoming a tropical depression early on November 10 and dissipating later that day. Rosa was the first tropical storm in the basin to develop during November since 2000, and was also the first tropical depression to form in the month since 2002's Tropical Depression Sixteen-E. No impact was reported from the storm.
Tropical Depression Twenty-E.
A tropical wave moved off the western coast of Africa on October 21, briefly developing two weak low pressure areas before the wave crossed into the Pacific Ocean on November 1. Thunderstorm activity slowly increased as the wave interacted within the Intertropical Convergence Zone. After a curved band of convection developed, it is estimated the system formed into Tropical Depression Twenty-E around 0000 UTC on November 11, about 550 mi (1,050 km) southwest of Manzanillo. Throughout its duration, the depression never completely separated from the Intertropical Convergence Zone. When the NHC issued its first advisory on the depression, the agency predicted slight intensification to tropical storm status and for the depression to last at least two days. This was due to a forecast of gradually increasing wind shear after the first 24 hours. Instead, the circulation became very elongated; it is estimated the cyclone degenerated into a trough by late on November 11.
Hurricane Sergio.
Just days after Tropical Depression Twenty-E degenerated into an open trough, Tropical Depression Twenty One-E developed from a tropical wave on November 13 about 460 miles (740 km) south of Manzanillo, Colima. It steadily intensified as it tracked southeastward, reaching peak winds of 110 mph (175 km/h) on November 15. Subsequently it began to weaken due to increased wind shear as it turned to the north. Sergio later turned to the west, remaining well off the coast of Mexico, and it dissipated on November 20 about 320 miles (515 km) west-northwest of where it originally formed.
Sergio produced light rainfall along the coast of Mexico, though its effects were minimal. The formation of Sergio marked the 2006 season as the most active in 12 years and the first season in which more than one tropical storm formed in November. Sergio set records for the month of November in the basin, becoming the second strongest hurricane, after Kenneth from 2011 as well as the longest-lived November Pacific tropical cyclone with a duration of seven days.
Season effects.
This is a table of the storms in 2006 and their landfall(s), if any; the table does not include storms that did not make landfall, which is defined as the center of the storm moving over a landmass. Deaths in parentheses are additional and indirect (an example of an indirect death would be a traffic accident), but are still storm-related. Damage and deaths include totals while the storm was extratropical or a wave or low.
Storm names.
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the northeast Pacific in 2006. This is the same list that was used in the 2000 season. There were no names retired from the northeast Pacific list. Therefore, the same list was reused in the 2012 season.
For storms that form in the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility, encompassing the area between 140 degrees west and the International Date Line, all names are used in a series of four rotating lists. The next four names that were slated for use in 2006 are shown below, however only the name Ioke was used.
Retirement.
The name "Ioke" was retired from the north-central Pacific list by the WMO in the spring of 2007 and replaced with Iopa. During the 61st Interdepartmental Hurricane Conference, the Hawaii State Civil Defense requested the retirement of the name "Daniel", citing that the storm had become memorable due to threat of damage. However, the request was denied, as the name remains on the tropical cyclone naming list.

</doc>
<doc id="19124440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124440" title="Kazys Ladiga">
Kazys Ladiga

Kazys Ladiga (25 December 1893 in Iškonys near Biržai – 19 December 1941 in Irkutsk) was a Lithuanian general and one of the first volunteer officers of the Lithuanian army.
Upon graduating from the Military Academy in Vilnius, Ladiga served in the Russian army during World War I and earned the rank of captain. He returned to Lithuania in 1918 and volunteered to the newly formed Lithuanian army. He was appointed as the commander of one of the battalions of the 1st Infantry Regiment. Ladiga quickly rose through the ranks and commanded the Vilkmergė Group in the Lithuanian–Soviet War. He also led units against the Bermontians and in the Polish–Lithuanian War. After an unsuccessful campaign in September 1920, Ladiga resigned field office and joined the General Staff in Kaunas. After the Lithuanian Wars of Independence he continued military studies in Switzerland and Czechoslovakia. He rose to the rank of a general and briefly served as the Chief of the General Staff in 1925–1926. He was forced to retire from active military duty after the military coup of December 1926. 
When Lithuania was occupied by the Soviet Union in June 1940, Ladiga was arrested and sentenced to death. He was executed while being transported to Siberia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19124444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124444" title="Juan Palacios (boxer)">
Juan Palacios (boxer)

Juan Palacios is a boxer from Managua, Nicaragua, with a professional record of 24 wins and three losses. He is the former WBC Interim Minimumweight Champion, winning the vacant title against Omar Soto of Puerto Rico on August 2, 2008, in Ponce, Puerto Rico. On November 27, 2009, he lost his title in a unification match against WBC Champion Oleydong Sithsamerchai.

</doc>
<doc id="19124448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124448" title="Michael Nyman for Yohji Yamamoto">
Michael Nyman for Yohji Yamamoto

Michael Nyman for Yohji Yamamoto is volume 2 of Yohji Yamamoto's series of albums, "The Show". The album features the solo violin work "Yamamoto Perpetuo" (a play on "moto perpetuo"), which Nyman has since adapted into the "String Quartet No. 4" (originally appearing on the album, "The Suit and the Photograph") and the orchestral work, "Strong on Oaks, Strong on the Causes of Oaks". The violin is played by Alexander Balanescu, and Nyman can be heard on one track, "Song L," at the piano.
The theme of "The Show" was "Cinderella", and Yamamoto desired "Some European folk element" in the score. At the time, Nyman had access only to some Scottish folk songs he had gathered but not used for "The Piano", so three tunes, all of which happen to be in A-minor Aeolian mode, were worked into the score.
Because the album was a limited release in Japan, and not released in other parts of the world, it is something of a collector's item for Nyman fans.
An associated single, "Anohito no Waltz" was also released. The title track appears only on the single, while "Song L" appears as its B-side.

</doc>
<doc id="19124450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124450" title="Rubén Montesinos">
Rubén Montesinos

Rubén Montesinos Gimeno is a Spanish Taekwondo athlete. He is an eight-time Spanish National Heavyweight (+84 kg) Champion, and won the World Heavyweight Championship in Madrid in 2005.
However, Montesinos did not qualify for either the 2004 or 2008 Olympics, losing his spot to two-time European Middleweight (-84 kg) Champion Jon Garcia in the +80 kg category at the Spanish Olympic Trials.

</doc>
<doc id="19124471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124471" title="(More) So Much More">
(More) So Much More

(More) So Much More is a live EP released by Brett Dennen following the release of his second studio album "So Much More". The EP was released by Downtown Records with Dualtone Records distributing the album. It includes several prominent songs from the previous album as well as a cover version of a Bob Marley song.

</doc>
<doc id="19124478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124478" title="Sherlock Holmes (1922 film)">
Sherlock Holmes (1922 film)

Sherlock Holmes (released as Moriarty in the UK) is a 1922 American silent mystery drama film starring John Barrymore as Sherlock Holmes and Roland Young as Dr. John Watson. 
The movie, which features the screen debuts of both William Powell (credited as William H. Powell) and Roland Young, was directed by Albert Parker and written by Earle Browne and Marion Fairfax from the 1899 play by William Gillette based upon Arthur Conan Doyle's characters, and was produced by Goldwyn Pictures Corporation.
The film was considered lost for decades, but was rediscovered in the mid-1970s and restored by George Eastman House.
Restoration.
Material held by Eastman House was the basis for a reconstruction produced by Kevin Brownlow and William K. Everson (aided in the early stages by director Albert Parker himself, then in his late 80s), with a second reconstruction (incorporating newly found elements) undertaken by Eastman House itself in 2001.
The 2001 reconstruction was released on DVD by Kino International in 2009, with still-missing footage, about 26 minutes. A Kino Blu-ray release followed in December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19124501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124501" title="The Mr. Obvious Show">
The Mr. Obvious Show

The Mr. Obvious Show is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in October 2005. It is a double disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air. This album contains clips from the fictional "Mr. Obvious" radio program, starring Chick McGee as Mr. Obvious and Dean Metcalf as the oblivious "long time listener, first time caller".

</doc>
<doc id="19124530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124530" title="L'Idiote">
L'Idiote

"L'Idiote" ("The Idiot") is a comic mystery play by Marcel Achard. It is best known in the United States as "A Shot in the Dark" and was adapted into a film under that title. The English adaptation by Harry Kurnitz had a 1961-1962 Broadway run, directed by Harold Clurman. Its cast included Julie Harris, Walter Matthau, and William Shatner. When adapted to film in 1964, it was heavily reworked in order to replace the determined Examining Magistrate (Shatner's role) with the bumbling police inspector character Inspector Clouseau, played by Peter Sellers, who had earlier appeared in the film "The Pink Panther".
Plot.
The plot concerns a free-spirited, guileless and amoral young woman, Josefa (Julie Harris in the original Broadway production), who works as a maid in the home of one of the most prominent and influential families in France. She was discovered in her bedroom, naked and unconscious, with the body of her Spanish lover Miguel across the room and the gun that killed him by her side. As the play begins, she is being brought before the Examining Magistrate to determine if there is enough evidence to take her to trial where, under the French legal system she will be considered guilty unless proven innocent.
The Examining Magistrate, Paul Sevigne (William Shatner), is handling his first case since being promoted to Paris from the provinces. Before the case begins we learn he has an ambitious wife who adores living in Paris; she wants Paul to go along with whatever his bosses want him to do so they don't get sent back to the boondocks. Paul also gets a visit from his boss who advises him to "get a quick confession" and bundle Josefa off to prison to avoid inconveniencing her wealthy banker boss, Benjamin Beaurevers (Walter Matthau). When he interviews Josefa, she tries to confess to the crime, changing her story every time Paul brings up evidence that contradicts her statements. By the end of the first act, Paul realizes Josefa is lying to protect someone else. He confides to his clerk Morestan (Gene Saks) the disastrous news: Josefa is innocent. There is an amusing bit in Act One in which Paul tells Josefa he wants to re-enact the crime "exactly as it happened". Josefa starts taking off her clothes, since she was naked when the shooting occurred, thinking that's what Paul means by "exactly". She is amused by the shocked reaction of Paul and Morestan when they notice her undressing.
The rest of the play involves Paul unraveling the mystery while ruffling the feathers of his superiors, incurring the wrath of his wife, and dealing with Josefa's obstinate attempts to protect her other lover (besides Miguel). Eventually, Paul learns the mystery lover is none other than her employer Beaurevers. A running comic bit involves the fact that Josefa seldom wears underpants and tends to trip over things, exposing her bare derriere; she relates that this is how her affairs with both men began. When Beaurevers learns Paul knows about Josefa not wearing panties he quips, "I must say, your examinations are extremely thorough." Eventually the mystery is solved, the murderer revealed and Paul is considered a hero for fighting for the underdog. Josefa offers Paul her favors for helping her, but he thanks her and declines. The play ends with Paul sending Josefa back out into the world with instructions to find a nice guy and settle down.

</doc>
<doc id="19124565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124565" title="USCGC Dallas">
USCGC Dallas

Dallas has been the name of more than one ship of the United States Revenue Cutter Service and United States Coast Guard, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19124580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124580" title="Jamaica Times">
Jamaica Times

The Jamaica Times was a literary newspaper for literature from Jamaica and the Caribbean. The author Thomas MacDermot (aka Tom Redcam) was the editor from 1900–1920 and was an assistant before that, and the author Herbert George de Lisser was an editor for several years starting in 1889. It was a weekly paper primarily for teachers and ministers but also for a wide spectrum of the middle classes.

</doc>
<doc id="19124595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124595" title="Better Off Ted">
Better Off Ted

Better Off Ted is an American satirical situation comedy series, created by Victor Fresco (known for his other television series "Andy Richter Controls the Universe" and the short-lived show "Life on a Stick"), who also served as the show's Executive Producer. The series ran on the ABC network from March 18, 2009 to January 26, 2010.
"Better Off Ted" focuses on the protagonist, Ted Crisp (Jay Harrington), a single father and the well-respected and beloved head of a research and development department at the fictional, soulless conglomerate of Veridian Dynamics. Ted narrates the series' events by regularly breaking the fourth wall and directly addressing the audience as the show's on-camera narrator. Supporting characters include Ted's supervisor Veronica Palmer (Portia de Rossi), co-worker and love interest Linda Zwordling (Andrea Anders), his daughter Rose (Isabella Acres), and laboratory scientists Phillip Myman (Jonathan Slavin) and Lem Hewitt (Malcolm Barrett).
The series received critical acclaim, with particular praise going towards its witty and satirical humor. Its second season holds a score of 84 out of 100 on Metacritic. However, despite such positive feedback, the show's debut only drew in 5.64 million viewers and continued to have extremely low ratings. Although many expressed skepticism towards whether or not it would return, the show was renewed for a second season. On May 13, 2010, ABC officially canceled the series due to low viewing figures. Two episodes were unaired in the United States, but are available to view on Netflix, Amazon Video on Demand, Xbox Live Marketplace, and iTunes.
Conception.
Origin.
Victor Fresco, the show's creator, has cited his being a new parent as inspiration for the show. In an interview with NPR, he discussed how having a kid piqued his interest to develop a show about the disconnection between a person's public and personal lives, such as how parents teach their kids to be moral, yet work for giant corporations. According to Fresco, Ted Crisp is the single father and his daughter serves as his moral compass. Fresco stated that since he's worked for a few giant companies, he didn't base Veridian Dynamics on any specific corporation. The show's name was based on the idea that a person is better off if they are Ted, that essentially the average person wants to be Ted. Fresco has stated that he wasn't a fan of the show's title, but hadn't spoken of changing it.
Casting.
In casting his crew, Fresco and his team worked fairly quickly. "You don't have a lot of time to cast, unfortunately, and it's the most important thing in the show, I think." says Fresco, "Good casting can transcend mediocre material but the best material in the world cannot transcend the mediocre casting. It's all about casting and I think we got really lucky in all five of these regulars."
Fresco approached Jonathan Slavin, with whom he had previously worked on the sitcom "Andy Richter Controls the Universe", about playing the role of Phil. Being a fan of Slavin's work, he thought he'd be great for the role. Andrea Anders, whom Fresco previously enjoyed on "The Class", and Malcolm Barrett were cast for the roles of Linda and Lem respectively. Portia de Rossi met with Fresco about the role of Veronica. Fresco assessed during their meeting that de Rossi was completely convinced that the role was perfect for her and that she was born to play it. He thought de Rossi nailed the role and cast her. When asked what drew her to the role, de Rossi replied, "I'm really attracted to strong women." De Rossi further went on to say, "I kind of had to throw myself at . I told him I'd played this character who had similar qualities, very work driven, strong, insensitive, slightly chilly. I had to convince him I could play this character well and could play a character of this nature." Jay Harrington was the first person Fresco met with when trying to cast someone as Ted Crisp. Although Fresco really liked Harrington, he decided to see more people before casting the role. After five weeks, Harrington was cast.
Plot.
"Better Off Ted" revolves around the employees of a stereotypically evil company. The company, Veridian Dynamics, experiments on its employees, twists the truth, and will stop at nothing to achieve its goals. It has been mentioned that Veridian has swayed presidential elections, created killer pandas and robots, weaponized pumpkins, and that there are only three governments left in the world which are more powerful than Veridian. Although not promoted as such, and rarely the focus of storylines, the show's frequent references to futuristic technologies, killer robots, sentient computers, etc., places "Better Off Ted" at least partially in the science fiction genre.
Most of the characters are fully aware of Veridian's nature, and often try to manipulate the system in order to stop bad things from happening to them (and sometimes to mitigate the evil effects of some of Veridian's projects). They are also all susceptible to the potential rewards the company can offer despite the consequences of their actions, such as the company's attempt to hire Lem's mother, or the company's introduction of scented light bulbs with known flaws. Much of the comedy of the show comes from the characters' navigation of these morally ambiguous areas.
Jay Harrington, who plays Ted Crisp on the show, serves both as a main character and as an on-camera narrator. Throughout the show, he breaks the fourth wall and speaks directly to viewers, offering inside information and observations while the action continues around him. Another plot element involves the use of mock commercials for Veridian Dynamics, thematically related to individual episodes and placed at the end or beginning of actual commercial breaks in all but a couple of episodes.
Reception.
Critical response.
Critics have praised "Better Off Ted"s witty and satirical humour, as well as its cast. According to Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the show's first season holds a score of 68 out of 100, indicating "generally favorable reviews", based on 21 reviews. Misha Davenport of the "Chicago Sun-Times" wrote favorably of the show, comparing its characters to those of the highly acclaimed show "Arrested Development". Linda Stasi of the "New York Post" gave the show three-and-a-half out of four stars, lauding the cast and simply referring to it as "a very funny comedy". Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the show a B+, stating "'Better Off Ted' is certainly the most original sitcom to come along in a while." Robert Bianco from "USA Today" referred to the show as "well-cast and reasonably entertaining."
After returning for a second season, the show became even more acclaimed and is considered by some critics to be a vast improvement on its first. On Metacritic, it holds a score of 84 out of 100, indicating "universal acclaim", based on 11 reviews. Linda Stasi of the "New York Post" gave the show's second season a perfect score, calling it "hilarious and even funnier this year than last." Tim Goodman of the "San Francisco Chronicle" also gave the show's second season a perfect score, praising the show's return, saying it "means there's finally something good (and funny) on Tuesday nights." Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the show's return an A-, stating "Thank goodness Better Off Ted has returned intact. I love everything about this show, from star Jay Harrington's delivery of Ted's straight-man lines with WASP ramrod posture to the show's up-front critiques of corporate capitalism."
Ratings.
The show's pilot episode averaged a total of 5.64 million viewers, which made it ABC's lowest-rated comedy debut since 2005. The show's first season continued to experience both a drop and mild fluctuation in ratings, taking in only 2.41 million for its finale. After being renewed, the show's second season premiered to a low 3.82 million viewers.
Accolades.
On TV.com, editorial assistant Anna Hiatt included the show in the website's list of "The Best TV Shows of 2009". Josh Bell, a writer from About.com, ranked the series second on his list of "The Best TV Comedies of 2010". In 2009, the show was nominated for an Ewwy Award for Best Comedy Series.
Cancellation.
The series was officially canceled by ABC on May 13, 2010. In an interview with "New York Magazine", Victor Fresco, the show's creator, was asked why he thought the show didn't catch on. He responded, "I think not enough people knew about it. It wasn’t like we had a lot of people watch it and they didn’t come back to it. If anything, I think we were building slowly, but to me the way TV works is you spend a lot of money advertising and promoting, or you have to let a show stay some place for a long period of time and an audience slowly comes to it. And I don’t think we got either of that". Fresco also added, "I still feel there’s an audience out there for it, because I know that the people who liked it, liked it a lot."
At the time of its cancellation, two episodes of "Better Off Ted" had yet to be broadcast by ABC. The network announced on May 27, 2010 that it would air the two episodes back-to-back on June 17, 2010, contingent on the 2010 NBA Finals not requiring a seventh game. Ultimately, however, a seventh game was needed, and thus ABC did not air the final two episodes of the series.
DVD release.
As of June 2013, no release of Season 2 on DVD has occurred. Also, it was initially announced that a Blu-ray edition would be released of Season 1, but this likewise has yet to occur.
Music video reunion.
In mid-2011 series co-star Malcolm Barrett released his first single, "Revenge of the Nerds" under his alternate performance name, Verbal. The official music video for the song, released in June 2011, reunited all the major cast members of "Better Off Ted", although only Barrett, Slavin and de Rossi reprised their original series characters (Harrington and Anders appear as a high school jock and a cheerleader, respectively, while series creator Victor Fresco also appears in the video). Barrett's recording is also included on the soundtrack of the final episode of "Better Off Ted", "Swag the Dog."

</doc>
<doc id="19124603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124603" title="Ampelakia, Evros">
Ampelakia, Evros

Ampelakia (Greek: Αμπελάκια meaning vineyards) is a village in the municipality of Orestiada in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece. Its population was 574 in 2001. Ampelakia is located about 12 km west of central Orestiada. The nearest larger village is Neochori to its northeast.
History.
Its name during the Ottoman period was "Kouliaklis". Its population was made up of Bulgarians, Turks and Greeks. After a brief period of Bulgarian rule between 1913 and 1919, it became part of Greece. As a result its Bulgarian and Turkish population was exchanged with Greek refugees, mainly from today's Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19124606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124606" title="Work It Out (album)">
Work It Out (album)

Work It Out is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band Caroline's Spine. The album's second track, "The Light Inside," served as the album's lead single in late 2008.
In 2008, Newquist recorded "Work It Out" in Austin, Texas and Scottsdale, Arizona. Newquist serves as the only original band member featured on the album and worked with Nick DiDia to create the "melodic train wreck." The lead single, "The Light Inside," found national radio play in late 2008 and would rank as the second most downloaded song in Caroline's Spine's history, placing it just under their biggest hit, "Sullivan." 
A US tour in promotion of "Work It Out" began on August 31, 2008. This is to continue into 2009 with concerts in North America and Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19124611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124611" title="Carl Holty">
Carl Holty

Carl Robert Holty (1900-1973) was a German-born American abstract painter. Raised in Wisconsin, he was the first major abstract painter to gain notoriety from the state. Harold Rosenberg described Holty as "a figure of our art history," known for his use of color, shape and form.
Personal life and education.
Carl Holty was born in 1900 in Freiburg, Germany. His parents, Americans, lived in Freiburg while his father, a doctor, studied specialty medicine since 1899. His father was German, gaining citizenship in the United States in 1906. Shortly after his birth the family moved back to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where they lived in the German district with his grandparents. The Holty family then moved to the countryside near Green Bay where his father practiced medicine, before returning to Milwaukee around 1906. Holty's grandfather introduced him to art by visiting local art galleries. Around the age of 12, Holty began taking lessons with a local German painter. As a teenager he started drawing cartoons and became interested in poster art. He attended Milwaukee University School, graduating high school within 2 1/2 years. In 1919 he went to Marquette University, then joining the Reserve Officers' Training Corps during World War I, with the program ending within the same year. Back in college, he experimented with medicine, only to visit home to tell his father he wanted to attend art school. That summer he enrolled at the Art Institute of Chicago, eventually attending classes at the Parsons School of Design. He returned to Milwaukee in 1923 and opened a portrait painting studio.
In 1925 Holty married and honeymooned in Europe, living there for the next ten years of his life, first in Munich and then Switzerland. In Switzerland Mrs. Holty sought treatment for her tuberculosis, dying in 1930. He moved to Paris that year, before returning to the United States in 1935 and living in New York City. In New York he remarried and had a daughter. He taught at Brooklyn College from 1950 until 1970. Upon his retirement from Brooklyn he was awarded the title of Professor Emeritus. While at Brooklyn, he also was a visiting instructor at the Art Students League, Washington University in St. Louis, and University of Louisville. Holty would die, March 22, 1973 in New York City.
Artistic career.
In 1926, while living in Munich, Holty originally planned to attend the Royal Academy, only to train under Hans Hofmann. Hofmann's ideas about space, color, shape would transform Holty's work, with Holty's work becoming more abstract as time went on.
""No one had ever talked to me about conceptual drawing, about knowing what I'm looking at from the point of view of my tactile knowledge as well as my visual knowledge. Hofmann did. And the world opened up just like that."" - Carl Holty on Hans Hofmann's influence
From 1930 to 1935 he lived in Paris, exhibiting his work to good reception. There he met Robert Delaunay and joined Delaunay's group "Abstration-Création". He would have his work published in the groups magazine, and his work became associated with Cubism and Neo-Plasticism. His Paris works have been compared to the paintings of Juan Gris and Pablo Picasso's Synthetic Cubism.
Upon returning to the United States, he found artist representation in New York City and became involved, once again, with Hans Hofmann and Vaclav Vytlacil and Stuart Davis, the latter whom he knew in Paris. Vytlacil invited Holty to participate in discussions which led to the formation of the American Abstract Artists, which Holty would eventually come to chair, retaining his membership until 1944. During this time, he moved away from Cubism and started to experiment with Biomorphism. In the 1930s he used tape to give strong edges to forms, also reworking and overpainting sections, as seen in his work "Gridiron" (1943-1944). Between 1945 and 1948 he was represented by the Samuel M. Kootz Gallery. He continued to explore shapes and form, and in the 1960s contours had disappeared from his work, being replaced with subtle toned down colors.
Holty served as artist in residence at Georgia State University, University of Florida, University of California at Berkeley, University of Wisconsin and the Corcoran School of Art. He also wrote a book, with Romare Bearden, titled "The Painter's Mind," published in 1969.
Legacy and reception.
In 1977 the Carl Holty Papers were donated to the Archives of American Art by Charles Byrne. On his role as a Wisconsin artist, Andrew Stevens stated in 1995 that "Holty’s zeal for non-objective art was more closely identified with the younger group of American painters in the East. His artworks including his prints are among the first by a Wisconsin artist to come to grips with the tide of abstract art that spread from Europe to America at the beginning of the 20th century."

</doc>
<doc id="19124613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124613" title="Steven Christopher Parker">
Steven Christopher Parker

Steven Christopher Parker (born January 8, 1989) is an American actor who is best known for his role as Dr. Harold Zelinsky for two seasons on "ER". Parker has appeared in more than a dozen feature films, including "Rebound", "Juno" and "Little Miss Sunshine". He can also be seen as a pizza delivery impostor in a late-2008 television advertisement for DiGiorno. He also had an unaccredited scene on "Blades of Glory" for less than 5 seconds.
Parker was a contestant on "The Price is Right" on his birthday in January 2010. He ended up getting on stage with Drew Carey. However, he did not win his game and ended up with 55 cents while spinning the Big Wheel, not good enough to make it into the Showcase. The show was broadcast on CBS on March 2, 2010.
Parker is a 2006 graduate of Gorman High School in Gorman, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19124638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124638" title="Little Waterhouse Island">
Little Waterhouse Island

Little Waterhouse Island is a small island, with an area of 2.5 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Waterhouse Island Group, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania. Most of the island is bare rock. The island forms part of the Ninth and Little Waterhouse Islands Important Bird Area (IBA), so identified by BirdLife International because it holds over 1% of the world population of Black-faced Cormorants.
Fauna.
As well as Black-faced Cormorants, recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Little Penguin, Pacific Gull, Silver Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Caspian Tern.
Other islands in the Waterhouse Group with breeding seabirds include:

</doc>
<doc id="19124665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124665" title="Sphenacanthus">
Sphenacanthus

Sphenacanthus is an extinct genus of shark which lived in the Early Carboniferous of Scotland. It lived about 359 million years ago, and was one of the earliest of sharks. "Sphenacanthus" likely hunted fish. It inhabited fresh water.
Description.
"Sphenacanthus" had seven fins, two on the top and five on the bottom. Its maximum size is unknown.
Paleobiology.
"Sphenacanthus" inhabited what is now Scotland. It shared its freshwater habitat with other sharks, including the one-meter "Xenacanthus". It is possible that "Sphenacanthus" may have preyed on its smaller relative.

</doc>
<doc id="19124677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124677" title="Sardica paschal table">
Sardica paschal table

The Sardica paschal table or Sardica document is a document from a Latin manuscript of the 7th/8th century AD. It is a copy in Latin translation of the creed of the Eastern Christian bishops attending the Council of Sardica who, fearing that their deliberations would be dominated by Western bishops, met separately at Philippopolis. Appended to the creed and anathemas is a table of Paschal full moon dates, given as dates in the Julian calendar, for the years 328 to 357, together with a list of dates of 14 Nisan in the Jewish calendar, also referred to the Julian calendar, for the years 328 to 343, the year of the Council. The calendrical information contained in the document has been used by scholars in tracing the history of the computus and of the Hebrew calendar.
The manuscript and the contents of the document.
The Sardica paschal table is a part of Codex Verona LX(58), or, more fully, MS Verona, Biblioteca Capitolare LX(58). It was first published by Eduard Schwartz in his "Christliche und jüdische Ostertafeln" (Berlin, 1905), where the manuscript in which it occurs was called Codex Verona 60. The manuscript has 126 leaves of vellum measuring 27 cm by 20 cm. It is written in Latin uncial script that paleographers have dated to about AD 700. The Sardica document occurs on folios 79 verso to 80 verso. It is apparently a copy of a Christian document written at the time of the Council of Sardica (AD 343). It contains the creed and anathemas drawn up by the eastern bishops meeting at the council, followed by a list of Christian "Passovers", that is, Julian calendar dates of the 14th day (the Paschal full moon) of the Paschal lunar month, the Sunday following which is Easter. This table is preceded by a list of Julian calendar dates of 14 Nisan observed by the Jewish community in some eastern Mediterranean city (possibly Antioch). The Jewish dates are captioned" Quibus supputationibus faciant Iudei pascha". The Christian dates are captioned "Quo numero faciamus nos Christiani".
The dates as they stand are somewhat garbled. Schwartz proposed emendations, and these emendations have been reviewed and criticized recently by Sacha Stern of University College London.
A striking feature of the Jewish dates is that, for the 16 years listed, all the Passovers are in the Julian month of March. This is clearly inconsistent with the modern Hebrew calendar. It also corroborates the complaints of 3rd and 4th-century Christian computists that some Jews held Passover before the spring equinox.
The text of the document.
The document, as published and emended by Schwartz in 1905 here follows. The leftmost column indicates the AD year assigned by Schwartz. The second and third columns transcribe the tables found in the manuscript. In these columns, square and angle brackets indicate Schwartz's emendations. In the numerals, a square bracket emendation indicates a character or characters that Schwartz thought should be deleted, while an angle bracket emendation indicates where Schwartz thought characters should be added. A note in square brackets with the letters MS indicate that the entire preceding word is Schwartz's emendation, and the word in brackets is the original.
De pascha autem scribsimus nobis XXX annos, quoniam XXX annos fecit dominus noster in carne super terram, pascha autem facta est XXX anno XXV die Martii mensis, computatur autem primus primus annus triginta annorum scriptorum in comptationibus in quibus faciunt Iudei phascha a prima indictione que facta est sub Constantino quo tempore conveni<t> magna synodus in civitate Nicaea, cum diu quaererent episcopi de phascha ut computetur. prima indictio ["indici" MSa primo anno computationis, et prima indictio inputata post quintam decimam est XVI anno positus in conputatione annorum pasche. a primo mean "ab undecimo". A and IA were reversed in the original anno computatur numerus iste usque ad XXX annum qui est primus mensis Aprilis. possiti autem sunt distinctiones numeri Iudeorum nobis sic:
Quibus supputationibus faciant Iudei pascha
Quo numero facimus nos Christiani
Calibration of the document.
Since the document clearly states that the years run "from the first indiction that was under Constantine" [327-328], Schwartz's assignment of the years seems valid. Sacha Stern has analyzed the Jewish dates, and found that nine of the sixteen dates coincide with the 14th day of a lunar month if the first day of the month is taken to be the day of the lunar conjunction.
Significance for the history of the Rabbinic calendar.
Sacha Stern takes the Sardica document as evidence that the Jews referred to in the document (which he tentatively identifies as those of Antioch) used a computed, or partially computed, calendar with system of intercalations that kept 14 Nisan with the limits of Julian March. Since this differs from what can be known of the Jewish calendar in other cities, he concludes "the Jewish calendar could vary significantly from one community to the next."
Significance for the history of the computus.
The Sardica document, if it is accurate in its report of the dates of 14 Nisan for the Jewish community in some eastern Mediterranean city, corroborates the complaints of Christian writers of the 3rd and 4th centuries AD that some Jews set 14 Nisan before the spring equinox. This was one of the chief reasons given by Christians for their attempts to develop an independent calculation to determine the date of the Easter festival—to compute, in effect, a "Christian Nisan", and set Easter accordingly—rather than relying on information from Jewish neighbors about when Jewish Nisan would fall. Additionally, if Schwartz's emendations are accepted, they show the dates following a pattern in which the Christian dates for Nisan 14 agree with the Jewish dates whenever the latter fall on March 21 or later. Both emended columns employ a constant epact of 11 for the difference between the Julian and lunar years: Each year's date is 11 days earlier than the preceding year's, or 19 days later if the 11-day deduction would result in a Christian date earlier than March 21, or in a Jewish date earlier than March 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19124691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124691" title="2008 AFL finals series">
2008 AFL finals series

The Australian Football League's 2008 Finals Series determined the top eight final positions of the 2008 AFL season. It began on the weekend of 5 September 2008 and ended with the 112th AFL Grand Final at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on 27 September 2008. The Hawthorn Hawks were crowned the 2008 AFL Premiers, beating the Geelong Cats by 26 points in front of a mammoth crowd of 100,012.
The eight teams qualified for the finals series by finishing in the top eight positions of the premiership ladder at the completion of the home and away series.
Final Ladder.
With 21 wins and one loss Geelong continued from its crushing 2007 performance to dominate the home and away rounds of 2008.
The finals system.
The system is a final eight system. This system is different to the McIntyre Final Eight System, which was previously used by the AFL, and is currently used by the National Rugby League.
The top four teams in the eight receive what is popularly known as the "double chance" when they play in week-one qualifying finals; this means that if a top-four team loses in the first week, it still has a chance to redeem itself by getting a chance to play in a semi-final the next week against the winner of an elimination final. The bottom four of the eight are forced to play what are called elimination finals, in which only the winners survive and move on to week two to play the losers of the qualifying finals.
In the second week, the winners of the qualifying finals receive a bye to the third week, while the losers of those qualifying finals must play the winners of the elimination finals for a chance to play the qualifying finals winners. Home-city advantage goes to the team with the higher seed in the first two weeks, and the qualifying final winners in the third week, with games in Victoria played at the MCG, regardless of the team's usual home ground. 
In the third week, the winners of the semi-finals from week two play the winners of the qualifying finals in the first week, with the latter receiving home-ground advantage. The winners of those matches move on to the Grand Final at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne, where the new premier will be crowned.
Week One.
First Qualifying Final (Geelong vs St Kilda).
St Kilda finished in 4th spot on the AFL Ladder after thrashing Essendon by 108 points in the final regular season match. They entered this match with the double chance and were beaten by 58 points. Onballer Lenny Hayes was booked for striking Geelong's Joel Selwood in the third quarter, a report that was later dropped. Geelong earned a bye and home preliminary final with its win, whilst St Kilda was forced to face Collingwood, a team that they had twice lost to in the regular season, in a semi-final.
Second Qualifying Final (Hawthorn vs Western Bulldogs).
For much of the second half of the season, Hawthorn and the Western Bulldogs looked certain to finish second and third (in some order), setting up this particular qualifying final; Hawthorn would ultimately be the home team after the Bulldogs' late-season form dropped. Hawthorn won the match comfortably, with Lance Franklin kicking eight goals (the most ever in a final by a Hawthorn player) to earn a week's break, whilst the Western Bulldogs were forced to host the Sydney Swans, whom they had beaten twice during the year, in a semi-final.
First Elimination Final (Adelaide vs Collingwood).
Two teams who were early-season top-four candidates were playing for survival in this elimination final played at AAMI Stadium on a fine 26 degree C day. Collingwood started slight favorites and led early in the match but Adelaide got its game going, with a season's best second quarter, to lead at half-time before quickly falling behind for good during a second half collapse. For the second year in succession, Adelaide were eliminated the first week of the finals, whilst Collingwood went on to face St Kilda in a semi-final at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
Second Elimination Final (Sydney vs North Melbourne).
These two teams were clashing in a final for the first time since the 1996 AFL Grand Final, which was won by North Melbourne by 43 points. Sydney entered this match having won only three matches since Round 13, but, after a slow start and an ordinary first half, they got on with the job and ended the Kangaroos' season. It was also the last game for retiring Kangaroo and ex-Swan Shannon Grant. The Swans won the right to face the Western Bulldogs the next week at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, where they had not won a final since the 2005 AFL Grand Final.
Most controversially, the crowd for this game was a very low 19,127. The AFL attributed the poor turnout to several factors, including high ticket prices, the bad weather (it was raining heavily, and had been doing so for several days) and North Melbourne's lack of popularity in Sydney (where they had once played home games). However, it also attracted heavy commentary in the media and public against the viability of the AFL's decision to base its 18th franchise in Western Sydney.
Week Two.
First Semi Final (St Kilda vs Collingwood).
Collingwood came into the game as favourites to defeat St Kilda, who had been on the end of a heavy defeat at the hands of Geelong the week prior, and whom they had beaten twice during the year. St Kilda led by just three points at quarter time but kicked ten goals to Collingwood's two in the middle two quarters to take a 40-point lead going into the final quarter. Justin Koschitzke was reported for a dump tackle involving Shane Wakelin, but the charge was later dismissed. St Kilda progressed to play Hawthorn in the preliminary final, hoping to atone for two previous preliminary final losses (2004 and 2005) to make the Grand Final.
Second Semi Final (Western Bulldogs vs Sydney).
Sydney held a one-point lead at quarter time, but failed to score a major in the third quarter, and fell apart to lose by 37 points, thus ending their season at the semi-finals stage. Fullback Leo Barry was booked for striking Shaun Higgins but the report was thrown out. The Western Bulldogs were drawn to play defending premier Geelong in the preliminary final to battle for a Grand Final berth.
Week Three.
First Preliminary Final (Geelong vs Western Bulldogs).
Geelong progressed to their second straight Grand Final but had to, for the second year in succession, withstand a late challenge from their preliminary final opponent. The Western Bulldogs had much of the play, but missed shots on goal in the second half when they were available. This was the Western Bulldogs's furthest finish in a season since 1998, when they made back-to-back preliminary finals.
Second Preliminary Final (Hawthorn vs St Kilda).
Hawthorn defied a poor recent record against the Saints to post one of their best wins of the season, with strong performances by much of the team making up for Coleman Medallist Lance Franklin being kept to a single goal by Saints backman Max Hudghton. The loss was the 383rd and last game for St Kilda's Robert Harvey who left the game as the most capped player without an AFL premiership.

</doc>
<doc id="19124697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124697" title="Wodnika">
Wodnika

Wodnika is an extinct genus of shark which lived in the Late Permian period in the present area of Germany and Russia. It measured about 1 m (3.2 ft) in length and its tail shape indicates it was probably a good swimmer. Internally, the cartilage skeleton is preserved on the fossil, which is fairly rare for fossilized sharks.

</doc>
<doc id="19124712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124712" title="Max Wolff (composer)">
Max Wolff (composer)

Max Wolff (1840 February-23 March 1886) was an Austrian composer. He wrote three operas, "Die Pilger" (1872), "Die Porträt-Dame" (1877), and "Césarine" (1878), all of which premiered in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="19124727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124727" title="Glikmanius">
Glikmanius

Glikmanius (formerly Cladodus) is an extinct genus of shark which lived in the Carboniferous of North America and Russia. The genus is based on a whole specimen from Nebraska, USA. "Glikmanius" is named in honour of the Russian palaeontologist, Dr. Leonid Glikman, who studied the genus and was "the first to propose its ctenacanthiform affinity".

</doc>
<doc id="19124752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124752" title="University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee School of Information Studies">
University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee School of Information Studies

The School of Information Studies (SOIS) is an academic unit of the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee. The school offers Bachelor of Science, MLIS and Doctoral programs of Information sciences in the areas of Archival Studies, Information Organization, Information Policy, and Information Retrieval. SOIS is a member of the iSchools consortium.
The "US News & World Report" ranks the school 16th nationally and its Archives and Preservation program the 9th nation wide. The school was recognized by UNESCO as one of the "leading international academic institutions" for its "ongoing role in promoting e-government and information ethics initiatives in Africa" in 2009.
The school houses UW-Milwaukee's Center for Information Policy Research, and has its own technological support staff (SOIS Tech) that is separate from University Information Technology Services (UITS).

</doc>
<doc id="19124753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124753" title="USS Interdictor (AGR-13)">
USS Interdictor (AGR-13)

USS "Interdictor" (AGR-13/YAGR-13) was a "Guardian"-class radar picket ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1957 from the “mothballed” reserve fleet. She was reconfigured as a radar picket ship and assigned to radar picket duty in the North Pacific Ocean as part of the Distant Early Warning Line.
Built as a Liberty ship in Florida.
"Interdictor" (YAGR-13) was launched as Liberty ship SS "Edwin H. Duff" by J. A. Jones Construction Company, Inc., Panama City, Florida. 29 June 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Edwin H. Duff; and delivered to McCormack Steamship Company 27 July 1945.
World War II-related service.
She carried aircraft until entering the National Defense Reserve Fleet, James River, Virginia, 17 October 1945, and except for brief cargo service remained there until being acquired by the Navy 10 May 1957.
Reconfigured as a radar picket ship.
Renamed "Interdictor" and converted to Navy use at Charleston Naval Shipyard, she commissioned 7 April 1958, Lt. Comdr. J. P. Dordahl in command.
Fitted with the latest and best electronic search and tracking equipment, "Interdictor" sailed 2 May 1958 for shakedown training in the Caribbean. She departed Charleston, South Carolina, 18 July and sailed to her new home port, San Francisco, California. 
Arriving 13 August, the ship assumed her role as an ocean radar station ship, part of America's vast early warning defense system. Operating with search aircraft, "Interdictor" could detect, track, and report enemy aircraft at great distances, supplementing land-based radar stations, and controls high-speed interceptor aircraft in case of attack. She also carried out weather reporting duties during her three to four week cruises in the Pacific Ocean.
"Interdictor's" hull classification was changed 28 September 1958 to "AGR-13". She continued on radar picket patrols for the Continental Air Defense Command out of San Francisco until decommissioned 5 August 1965.
Inactivation.
Her name was struck from the Navy List 1 September 1965 when she transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration for lay-up in the Suisun Bay River Defense Reserve Fleet, San Francisco, California, where she remained until she was sold 13 June 1974. Her subsequent fate is not known.
Honors and awards.
"Interdictor" personnel qualified for the following medal:

</doc>
<doc id="19124761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124761" title="Dysfunctional Family Picnic">
Dysfunctional Family Picnic

Dysfunctional Family Picnic was a multi-artist alternative rock concert, presented annually by the New York City, New York, USA radio station K-Rock, beginning in 1997. Its West Coast "sister" concert is the KROQ Weenie Roast.
History.
There have been various venues that hosted the Dysfunctional Family Picnic including Forest Hills Tennis Stadium in Queens, New York, PNC Bank Arts Center in Holmdel, New Jersey, Giants Stadium, in East Rutherford, New Jersey and Jones Beach Amphitheatre in Wantagh, New York.
In 2003, the Dysfunctional Family Pinic was called "DFP 7-Tarium". Instead of booking an original show, it was just another stop on Metallica's Summer Sanitarium tour.
After K-Rock returned to the air in 2007, "Return of Rock" was their first concert.
Lineups.
Bands listed in reverse order of night's performance (or alphabetical order if not known).

</doc>
<doc id="19124781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124781" title="1998 New York Giants season">
1998 New York Giants season

The 1998 New York Giants season was the team's 74th season in the National Football League. The team failed to improve upon their previous season's output of 10–5–1, winning only eight games and missing the playoffs. Perhaps the most memorable moment of the 1998 season took place during week 15, when the Giants defeated the previously undefeated Denver Broncos on a late touchdown pass from Kent Graham to Amani Toomer.

</doc>
<doc id="19124796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124796" title="New Synagogue, Düsseldorf">
New Synagogue, Düsseldorf

The New Synagogue () is the only synagogue of the Jewish community in Düsseldorf, Germany. The synagogue was built in the Golzheim district, far from the site of the former synagogue, which was located in the city center at Kasernenstraße. There the synagogue was pillaged and burned by SA men during the Kristallnacht in 1936.
The synagogue is named after rabbi Leo Baeck, who served as a pulpit rabbi in Düsseldorf. On 3 October 2000, the synagogue was firebombed. Since then, there is a constant police watch over the synagogue.

</doc>
<doc id="19124840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124840" title="Dangerous (The Doobie Brothers song)">
Dangerous (The Doobie Brothers song)

"Dangerous" is a song off of the Doobie Brothers' 1991 studio record "Brotherhood" with Patrick Simmons singing the lead vocal. The song deals with riding down a road where danger is surrounding the protagonist of the song at every turn. But the song tells that it's because of these dangers that the man continues to ride and loves every minute of it.
Writer Patrick Simmons included the lyric that the man in the song is riding a Harley-Davidson motorcycle, which is very common in the songs Simmons writes (he being fond of the brand of bikes himself).

</doc>
<doc id="19124882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124882" title="Paul Y. Hoskisson">
Paul Y. Hoskisson

Paul Y. Hoskisson (born 1943) is an American professor of Ancient scripture and former associate dean of Religious Education at Brigham Young University (BYU). In 2008, he was appointed director of the Laura F. Willes Center for Book of Mormon Research and the Foundation for Ancient Research and Mormon Studies (FARMS).
Biographical background.
Hoskisson is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He holds bachelors and masters degrees from BYU and received a Ph.D. in Ancient Near Eastern Studies from Brandeis University in 1986.
Hoskisson's wife is Joaquina V. Hoskisson. She is a native of Spain and a Spanish professor at BYU. They are the parents of four children.
Career.
Hoskisson has taught at BYU since 1981. Before that he taught at the University of Zurich and worked at the University of Tübingen. Hoskisson has also served as Fulbright Program adviser at BYU.
Hoskisson is a member of several professional academic associations, including the Society of Biblical Literature, the American Oriental Society, the American Schools of Oriental Research, and the Mormon History Association. He has served on the board of trustees for the American Schools of Oriental Research.
Hoskisson has published research on the Book of Mormon, the Old Testament, and other LDS subjects. For example, he wrote about pre-600 B.C. scimitars in the Middle East, thus making their presence possible among Lehi and his descendants in the new world in ways that were previously denied. Hoskisson edited "Historicity and the Latter-day Saints", an anthology by BYU's Religious Studies Center, in which he contributed a paper on the need for historicity. He also contributed several articles to FARMS' "Journal of Book of Mormon Studies" that explore possible ancient meanings behind names in the Book of Mormon.
In September 2008, Hoskisson was appointed the director of FARMS and BYU's Laura F. Willes Center for Book of Mormon Research.

</doc>
<doc id="19124885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124885" title="Happy Hour (Bob &amp; Tom album)">
Happy Hour (Bob &amp; Tom album)

Happy Hour is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in November 2005. It is a double disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19124894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124894" title="List of historical records of the Milwaukee Panthers">
List of historical records of the Milwaukee Panthers

This article lists the history record of the Panthers at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee.

</doc>
<doc id="19124896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124896" title="Whistleblower (TV series)">
Whistleblower (TV series)

Whistleblower is a two-part IFTA-winning fact-based RTÉ drama which focuses on the Michael Neary scandal that erupted in the 1990s. Neary is a retired Irish consultant obstetrician/gynaecologist who gained notoriety when it was discovered that he had performed what was considered an inordinate number of caesarian hysterectomies during his time at Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital in Drogheda, County Louth. A subsequent inquiry found that Neary had carried out 188 peripartum over a period of 25 years, some on very young women of low parity. The average consultant obstetrician carries out 5 or 6 of these operations in their entire career. The airing of the show prompted the support group Patient Focus to renew its call on the Irish Government for every woman affected by Neary's actions to be included in the Lourdes hospital redress scheme.
"Whistleblower" highlights the obstacles encountered by a midwife as she blows the whistle on Michael Neary's irregular obstetric practices. It was broadcast on RTÉ One on Sunday 31 August and Monday 1 September 2008 at 21.30. The two-part drama was written by Rob Heyland and directed by Dermot Boyd. It was produced by Siobhán Bourke and Peter Norris and researched by Sheila Ahern.
Part one focuses on the discovery of the high amount of hysterectomies carried out at the hospital and the subsequent reporting of the midwife's suspicions. Part two focuses on the aftermath of the revelations as threatening notes and phone calls are received whilst, with more cases coming to light, one victim of malpractice takes her case against Dr Neary to the High Court.
RTÉ was criticised for airing the controversial drama too soon after the inquiry and for making it too upsetting for all those involved. The commissioning editor of drama with the national broadcaster, Jane Gogan attempted to justify its airing by saying that "RTE hopes to convey to a wider audience the human cost of the injustices which were exposed and to illustrate the power of the individual in affecting change".

</doc>
<doc id="19124899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124899" title="Secretary of State of Delaware">
Secretary of State of Delaware

The Secretary of State of Delaware is the head of the Department of State of the U.S. state of Delaware. The Department is in charge of a wide variety of public and governmental services, and is divided into the following divisions:
As a corporate haven, some of the most important responsibilities of the Secretary of State involve registry of businesses and corporations, monitoring banks, and other commercial activities. However, unlike many other U.S. Secretaries of State, the Delaware Secretary of State is not in charge of administering elections in Delaware. The Delaware Department of Elections is a separate agency from the Department of State.

</doc>
<doc id="19124903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124903" title="Lockheed Martin Transit Center">
Lockheed Martin Transit Center

Lockheed Martin Transit Center is a light rail and transit bus station operated by Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA), located in Sunnyvale, California. It is served by the Mountain View–Winchester light rail line.
The land for the transit center was donated by Lockheed Martin during the planning of VTA's Tasman West light rail extension.
Location.
The station has a center platform. It is located at 5th Avenue and North Mathilda Aveue in Sunnyvale, California. It serves the Lockheed Martin Missiles & Space complex, the east side of Moffett Federal Airfield and the adjacent industrial area including the headquarters of Yahoo and Juniper Networks.
Bus routes.
The following bus routes serve the Lockheed Martin Transit Center.
San Joaquin Regional Transit District.
SMART runs line 166 to this location from Pleasanton, Tracy/Naglee P&R, Manteca, and Stockton.

</doc>
<doc id="19124923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124923" title="The Doctor (The Doobie Brothers song)">
The Doctor (The Doobie Brothers song)

"The Doctor" is a hit single released by The Doobie Brothers on their 1989 studio effort, "Cycles". The song, so far, is the last hit single that the band has released; it reached the number 1 spot on the "Billboard" mainstream rock chart and peaked at number 9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
The song was released with a music video that features the band playing to the tune with all of the members present. The video also got significant airplay on the music video channels throughout the US and helped propel the song into the spotlight. Guitarist and founding member Tom Johnston sang the lead vocal, after returning from years of being out of the band after Michael McDonald took over in the late '70s. Johnston told Songfacts that he wrote the bulk of the song before the band re-formed when he was in a band called Border Patrol.

</doc>
<doc id="19124928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124928" title="The Mark of the Assassin">
The Mark of the Assassin

The Mark of the Assassin is a 1998 spy fiction novel by Daniel Silva.
Synopsis.
When a terrorist bomb blows Flight 002 out of the sky off the east coast, there is only one chilling clue.
A body found near the crash site bears the deadly calling card of an elusive, lethal assassin-three bullets to the face. Michael Osbourne of the CIA knows the markings. Personally.
Propelled by an obsession that threatens to consume his career, his family, his life, Osbourne in now hot on the assassin's trail. But in a world of shadows and lies, intrigue and cover-up, the man with a mission puts himself and his loved ones in the sights of the most ruthless, diabolical assassin on earth.
International titles.
Portuguese: "A Marca do Assassino". ("The Mark of the Assassin"). (2011). ISBN 9789722523219

</doc>
<doc id="19124932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124932" title="Mecillinam">
Mecillinam

Mecillinam (INN) or amdinocillin (USAN), trade name Coactin, is an extended-spectrum penicillin antibiotic that binds specifically to penicillin binding protein 2 (PBP2), and is only considered to be active against Gram-negative bacteria. It is used primarily in the treatment of urinary tract infections, and has also been used to treat typhoid and paratyphoid fever. Because mecillinam has very low oral bioavailability, an orally active prodrug was developed: pivmecillinam. Neither drug is available in the United States.
History.
With the codename FL 1060, mecillinam was developed by the Danish pharmaceutical company Leo Pharmaceutical Products (now LEO Pharma). It was first described in the scientific literature in a 1972 paper.
Activity.
Mecillinam is active against most pathogenic Gram-negative bacteria, except "Pseudomonas aeruginosa" and some species of "Proteus". Several studies have also found it to be as effective as other antibiotics for treating "Staphylococcus saprophyticus" infection, even though it is Gram-positive, possibly because mecillinam reaches very high concentrations in urine.
Worldwide resistance to mecillinam in bacteria causing urinary tract infection has remained very low since its introduction; a 2003 study conducted in 16 European countries and Canada found resistance to range from 1.2% ("Escherichia coli") to 5.2% ("Proteus mirabilis"). Another large study conducted in Europe and Brazil obtained similar results — 95.9% of "E. coli" strains, for instance, were sensitive to mecillinam.
Adverse effects.
The adverse effect profile of mecillinam is similar to that of other penicillins. The most common side effects of mecillinam use are rash and gastrointestinal upset, including nausea and vomiting.

</doc>
<doc id="19124947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124947" title="Pivmecillinam">
Pivmecillinam

Pivmecillinam (INN) or amdinocillin pivoxil (USAN, trade names Selexid, Penomax and Coactabs) is an orally active prodrug of mecillinam, an extended-spectrum penicillin antibiotic. Pivmecillinam is the pivaloyloxymethyl ester of mecillinam. Neither drug is available in the United States.
Pivmecillinam is only considered to be active against Gram-negative bacteria, and is used primarily in the treatment of lower urinary tract infections. In the Nordic countries, it has been widely used in that indication since the 1970s. It has been proposed as the first-line drug of choice for empirical treatment of acute cystitis. It has also been used to treat paratyphoid fever.
Adverse effects.
The adverse effect profile of pivmecillinam is similar to that of other penicillins. The most common side effects of mecillinam use are rash and gastrointestinal upset, including nausea and vomiting.
Prodrugs that release pivalic acid when broken down by the body — such as pivmecillinam, pivampicillin and cefditoren pivoxil — have long been known to deplete levels of carnitine. This is not due to the drug itself, but to pivalate, which is mostly removed from the body by forming a conjugate with carnitine. Although short-term use of these drugs can cause a marked decrease in blood levels of carnitine, it is unlikely to be of clinical significance; long-term use, however, appears problematic and is not recommended.

</doc>
<doc id="19124983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19124983" title="Cookie stuffing">
Cookie stuffing

Cookie stuffing (also cookie dropping) is an online marketing technique used to generate illegitimate affiliate sales. Cookie stuffing occurs when a user visits a website, and as a result of that visit receives a third-party cookie from an entirely different website (the target affiliate website), usually without the user being aware of it.
When (if) the user visits the target website and completes a qualifying transaction, the cookie stuffer is paid a commission. Depending on the terms of the affiliate agreement a qualifying transaction may refer to creating an account, making a purchase, completing an application (loan, credit, etc.), or subscribing to a newsletter.
Process.
Websites that run an affiliate program, pay a commission to affiliates for introducing visitors who then complete one or more qualifying transactions. Other website owners often join affiliate programs to earn the commission, usually by simply sending visitors to the site running the affiliate program via a special link or advertisement. When the user clicks this special link, a single cookie is usually placed on a user's computer; this is not cookie stuffing. This is considered normal practice and is how affiliate marketers generate genuine income. By definition, cookies can only be considered to be stuffed when one or more is placed on a user's computer purely as a result of "viewing" a page or "more than one" is added at a time as a result of a single click. Taken to the extreme dozens of cookies can be stuffed in a scattergun approach in the hope that the user will visit one of the several target affiliate sites and complete a qualifying transaction. 
Cookie stuffing is often referred to as a blackhat online marketing technique. This not only has the potential to generate fraudulent affiliate income for the cookie stuffer, but may also overwrite legitimate affiliate cookies, essentially stealing the commission from another affiliate. It is perfectly normal for a user to visit a website, click on a link and be directed to a target affiliate site but not complete a qualifying transaction at that time. That user may revisit the target affiliate website at some later time and complete a qualifying transaction. The original referring affiliate would be credited with the transaction and make a commission. However, many affiliate programs award the commission to the most recent referring affiliate, not the original referring affiliate.
The problem occurs when a cookie stuffing site stuffs all its visitors with a batch of cookies in a scattergun approach. The genuine affiliate cookie may get overwritten and when the user visits the target affiliate site and completes a qualifying transaction, the cookie stuffer gets the credit instead of the original affiliate who had brought about the first genuine visit to the target site.
User-generated content.
Operators of websites that allow user-generated content, such as forums that allow users to post content, should be aware of the various cookie stuffing techniques, and how to combat them, in order to protect their visitors from this type of activity. Cookie stuffing can be accomplished with something as simple as including an image in a forum post or signature. The image link is compromised "on purpose" by the cookie stuffer and made to simulate a click by forum visitors on an affiliate link.
Techniques.
Techniques used to accomplish cookie stuffing are very similar to those used in cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attacks.
Pop-ups.
Pop-ups are actually a method of cookie stuffing accepted by most affiliate networks. The pop-up gets the website visitor to visit your site and of course gives them an affiliate cookie. The most common place to find this happening is on review sites where the affiliate “reviews” a product. Companies pay a commission for customers that were interested in their product, but still wanted more information before purchasing. This is probably the most innocent form of cookie stuffing, but is still stuffing none-the-less. This method can be defeated by utilizing pop-up blocking software.
Frames and Iframes.
Iframes are a way of embedding a page within a page. A webmaster embeds a web page with one simple line of code. The affiliate embeds an I-Frame onto their page that loads their affiliate URL. Frames work in a similar fashion.
Images.
The "IMG" HTML tag forces a browser to attempt to retrieve an image at any URL. It doesn’t matter if the URL supplied doesn't have an extension like ".jpg", ".gif", or ".png" at the end. For instance, "img src=http://google.com" would actually get anyone that visits that page to send a visit to Google. Affiliate links can be put in directly or by creating a redirect in their .htaccess. This is how affiliates cookie stuff user content
JavaScript.
JavaScript can be used to force a user to visit any URL where the end result is visiting the affiliate URL.
Stylesheets.
Cascading Style Sheets define how a web page will be displayed. They are retrieved just like an image would be – the browser is instructed to visit a URL. The affiliate could put the direct affiliate URL into the style sheet as an image and have it loaded that way. This is one of the harder methods to detect.
Flash.
Adobe Flash is commonly used to create interactive media on the web, and contains functionality which allows developers to force a website user to visit an affiliate link while removing or spoofing the referrer information so that the affiliate network won't know where the traffic came from. A common tactic is to have the spoofed referring site be a legitimate or white hat affiliate site to mask the fact that cookie stuffing is being carried out.

</doc>
<doc id="19125002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125002" title="Laurence Olivier Award for Best Director of a Play">
Laurence Olivier Award for Best Director of a Play

The Laurence Olivier Award for Best Director of a Play was introduced in 1991 and later withdrawn in 1995. 

</doc>
<doc id="19125047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125047" title="Tara Mandal">
Tara Mandal

Tara Mandal, is a fictional character on the British soap opera "Coronation Street" portrayed by Ayesha Dharker.
Creation.
Her creation and casting were first announced on 22 August 2008, one month after "Coronation Street" was lambasted in a report by chairman of the Equality and Human Rights Commission Trevor Phillips for being "too white". The report criticised the show's tokenism in having existing Asian character Dev Alahan fill the stereotypical role of shopkeeper. Dharker's casting as Tara also dually serves to increase Dev's role in the soap, as her arrival sees him become the centre of a mother-daughter love triangle. A show insider said: "We really want Ayesha to become a favourite with viewers." However, in the 14 April 2009 edition of TV Times, it was reported that the character had been axed from the show and would depart screens the following month.
Storylines.
2008–09.
Tara made her first appearance on 15 September 2008 when Dev met her at a dinner party thrown by her parents Prem (Madhav Sharma) and Nina (Harvey Virdi). She reappeared on 10 October when she visited Dev's apartment to discuss business matters on her father's behalf. From the outset, it was evident that there was an attraction between the pair. They were interrupted by a jealous Nina who warned Dev to stay away from her daughter. After she left, Tara tried to kiss Dev but he rejected her advance, she left feeling embarrassed. On 20 October, Tara invited Dev to her house after asking for Prem's consent to the relationship. The two were about to share a kiss when Prem and Nina walked in. Dev was forced to end his relationship with Tara after he admitted to Prem that he had been sleeping with Nina, Prem and Dev agreed that Tara would not know of the affair. However, Tara reconciled with Dev and they resumed their relationship. In November 2008, a devastated Tara discovered that her ex-boyfriend had been having a fling with her mother when they were together. Further heartbreak followed when Dev's daughter Amber (Nikki Patel) told her that Dev had also been sleeping with her mother. This led to the end of her relationship with Dev.
On Boxing Day 2008, Amber set Dev and Tara up on a date in the Rovers, Amber told Tara she was having relationship problems with Darryl Morton (Jonathan Dixon) and that she wanted advice, whilst telling Dev she wanted a drink. When they arrived, they realised what happened, they soon sat down and made up whilst having a drink. Dev sold Tara the corner shop flat, as it was empty and Tara needed a place to stay., she gladly accepted. On 19 January 2009, Tara gave Amber a car as a belated birthday present. However, Dev was against this. Amber was offered a job by Darryl, so she could pay for driving lessons.
In March 2009, Dev refitted one of his shops as a new art gallery for Tara and she launched it with the name "No Oil Painting". Dev's uncle Umed (Harish Patel) voiced concern that Tara was taking advantage of Dev's money and even suspected her of having a fling with Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas) who was doing the refit on the gallery. Tara began to dismay when it became apparent that there was little interest in her new venture as she was failing to sell any pictures. Keen to please her, Dev got Minnie Chandra (Poppy Jhakra) to pose as a London art dealer who was interested in purchasing some work. Tara found out that it was indeed Dev that has purchased the art after Minnie brought the art into the shop and she left, humiliated that Dev had made a fool of her. After her departure, Dev had a one-night stand with old flame Lisa Dalton (Ruth Alexander Rubin). To Dev's horror, Tara returned to the flat the following day to say how sorry she was, not knowing that Lisa was in the bedroom.
Tara later discovered Dev and Lisa's night of passion from Poppy Morales (Sophiya Haque), and disgusted, planned her revenge, tricking Dev into posing naked at a photoshoot. On 11 May 2009, Tara revealed to the whole of Weatherfield the nude picture of Dev with the word 'LIAR' censoring him. Dev, who planned to propose to her that same day, and Tara argued in the flat before she packed her bags and left. Tara attempted to apologise to Amber, whom she was very fond of, but Amber refused to listen.

</doc>
<doc id="19125093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125093" title="Jahan tum wahan hum (1968 film)">
Jahan tum wahan hum (1968 film)

"Jahan tum wahan hum" is a blockbuster Pakistani Urdu black-and-white film directed by Pervaiz Malik. It cast Waheed Murad, Shabnam, Nirala, Rukhsana, Tamanna and Mehmood Ali. It was a debut film of famous Pashto film actor Badar Muneer, who was introduced by Waheed Murad.
Release.
"JTWH" was released on 8 November 1968 in Pakistani cinemas. The film completed 13 weeks on main cinema and 48 weeks on other cinemas of Karachi and, thus, became a superhit Silver Jubilee film.
Music.
The music of the film is composed by Robin Ghosh and the songs are written by Masroor Anwar. Playback singers are Ahmad Rushdi and Mala. A list of the songs of the film is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19125101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125101" title="Le Matin (Haiti)">
Le Matin (Haiti)

Le Matin is a daily newspaper published in Haiti. It was founded on April 1, 1907, by Clément Magloire.
After a 2-year absence, the newspaper returned in circulation at the beginning of April 2004 under its current ownership. [http://www.alterpresse.org/spip.php?article1325]

</doc>
<doc id="19125106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125106" title="Deep Creek Dam">
Deep Creek Dam

The Deep Creek Dam located about 8 miles north of Oakland, Maryland, consists of an earth and rockwall dam across a tributary of the Youghiogheny River that was completed in 1925 by the Pennsylvania Electric Company. Construction of the dam created the Deep Creek Lake. The twin water turbine 20 MW hydroelectric plant, acquired by Brookfield Renewable Power, Inc., in 2005, became operational in 1928. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission licensed the dam and hydroelectric plant in 1968, but released the licensing to Maryland effective 1994. Under a 1994 agreement with the Maryland Department of Natural Resources, the dam is operated to control waterflows to maintain the river temperature and dissolved oxygen levels to assist downstream fisheries with the intent of increasing the number of trout as well as to enable recreational whitewater activities (kayaking, canoeing, and commercial rafting) on the Upper Youghiogheny River into which the dam releases. The Maryland Department of the Environment water appropriations permit under which the dam operates, which is renewable, will expire on January 1, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="19125134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125134" title="Solver">
Solver

A solver is a generic term indicating a piece of mathematical software, possibly in the form of a stand-alone computer program or as a software library, that 'solves' a mathematical problem. A solver takes problem descriptions in some sort of generic form and calculate their solution. In a solver, the emphasis is on creating a program or library that can easily be applied to other problems of similar type.
Types of problems with existing dedicated solvers include:
The General Problem Solver ("GPS") is a particular computer program created in 1957 by Herbert Simon, J.C. Shaw, and Allen Newell intended to work as a universal problem solver, that theoretically can be used to solve every possible problem that can be formalized in a symbolic system, given the right input configuration. It was the first computer program which separated its knowledge of problems (in the form of domain rules) from its strategy of how to solve problems (as a general search engine).
General solvers typically use an architecture similar to the GPS to decouple a problem's definition from the strategy used to solve it. While the strategy utilized by GPS was a general algorithm with the only goal of completeness, modern solvers tend to use a more specialized approach tailored to the specific problem class which the solver aims for. The advantage in this decoupling is that the solver doesn't depend on the details of any particular problem instance.
For problems of a particular class (e.g., systems of non-linear equations) there are usually a wide range of different algorithms available; sometimes a solver implements multiple algorithms, but sometimes just one. 

</doc>
<doc id="19125144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125144" title="The Tour of Gymnastics Superstars">
The Tour of Gymnastics Superstars

The Tour of Gymnastics Superstars was a nationwide concert tour that showcases the talents of 17 American gymnasts as well as recording artists Jordan Pruitt, Carly Patterson, and KSM. The tour visited 34 different cites in over twenty states across the continental United States.
The first show, in Reno, Nevada, was taped for a national broadcast on MyNetworkTV and included a musical performance by "Hannah Montana" actor Mitchel Musso.
Tapings of the second show, in San Diego, California, was included in "Frosted Pink with a Twist", which is a television special about women's cancers (gymnast Shawn Johnson has a grandmother who is a cancer survivor). Was broadcast on ABC on October 12, 2008, the television special also features singers Jesse McCartney, Kenny Loggins, and Grammy Award singers Cyndi Lauper and Carole King .

</doc>
<doc id="19125174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125174" title="The Fatal Contract">
The Fatal Contract

The Fatal Contract: A French Tragedy is a Caroline era stage play, written by William Heminges. The play has been regarded as one of the most extreme of the revenge tragedies or "tragedies of blood," like "The Spanish Tragedy" and "Titus Andronicus", that constitute a distinctive sub-genre of English Renaissance theatre. In this "most graphic Caroline revenge tragedy...Heminges tops his predecessors' grotesque art by creating a female character, Chrotilda, who disguises herself as a black Moorish eunuch" and "instigates most of the play's murder and mayhem."
Performance and publication.
"The Fatal Contract" was most likely written in the 1638–39 period, and was acted, probably in the latter year, by Queen Henrietta's Men at the Salisbury Court Theatre. Heminges's primary source for plot materials was the "General Inventory of the History of France" by Jean de Serres, published in English in 1607. The play was first printed in 1653, in a quarto issued by the actor turned stationer Andrew Pennycuicke. (The edition's preface is co-signed by "A. T.," thought to be Anthony Turner.) The booksellers dedicated the play to the Earl and Countess of Nottingham. The prefatory matter in that edition indicates that Heminges was deceased by 1653. A second edition followed in 1661 from bookseller Richard Gammon.
During the Restoration, Elkanah Settle adapted Heminges's play into his "Love and Revenge" (1675). The original 1653 text was reprinted in 1687 under the alternative title "The Eunuch".
Shakespearean influence.
Among the writers of the later Jacobean and the Caroline eras, Heminges was perhaps the one most deeply influenced by the works of Shakespeare. "The Fatal Contract" is thick with borrowings from Shakespeare's works. The play shows particularly intense linkages with "Hamlet", "Othello", and "King Lear", and commonalities with other works in Shakespeare's canon.
The play's verbal echoes of Shakespeare are too numerous to detail. One example may stand for the rest: for Clotair's "And rise black vengeance from the depth of hell," compare Othello's "Arise, black vengeance, from the hollow hell!" in "Othello", III,3,447. For Fredigond stabbing her portrait, compare Lucrece attacking a portrait with her nails in "The Rape of Lucrece", lines 1562–68; rage and a rape context are common to both. Stabbed portraits also can be found in the plays "The Noble Spanish Soldier" (printed 1634) and James Shirley's "The Traitor" (acted 1631, printed 1635).
Blackface.
"By 1638 the disguised Moor had become a theatrical convention." Richard Brome's "The English Moor" (c. 1637), almost contemporaneous with Heminges's play, is a noteworthy example.
Synopsis.
"The Fatal Contract" is set in the earliest period of the French monarchy. Childerick is king; Fredigond, his wife and queen, is the play's villainess; Clotair and Clovis are their sons. In the play's backstory, Clotair raped Chrotilda, the sister of two young noblemen named Lamot and Dumain (the play's virtuous characters). One of their relatives mistakenly killed the queen's brother Clodimer in revenge, thinking him the rapist; Fredigond is now quietly and systematically exterminating the members of Chrotilda's family. In a macabre touch, the queen maintains a group portrait of the family; she paints in the members – grandmother, parents, infant child – as she kills them off. (In a sudden frenzy of rage, Fredigond stabs the painting.) The queen is assisted in her villainy by a Moorish eunuch called, with brutal literateness, Castrato. Childerick is poisoned by Fredigond; Lamot and Dumain are blamed for the death, but manage to escape.
The prince Clovis is in love with Aphelia, and she with him; but his elder brother, and now king, Clotair is envious. Castrato helps Clotair plan Aphelia's rape. Clovis intercepts his brother; as they fight, Castrato raises an alarm and their mother Fredigond arrives. Rather than trying to stop the fight, she eggs them on. Clotair stabs Clovis, who is carried off, presumably dead.
Ferdigond and her lover Landrey are in her chamber; Castrato sets the room on fire, but the queen disguises her lover as the ghost of Clovis. Fredigond plans to rule the kingdom with Landrey once Clotair, Clovis, and Aphelia are dead. She wants Clotair to execute Aphelia, to placate Clovis's "ghost." Clotair initially falls for the trick, but Castrato, who is busily manipulating the other characters ("on all sides the eunuch will play foul"), informs him of the queen's intentions. Clotair responds by marrying Aphelia instead of killing her.
Lamot, disguised as a surgeon, has discovered that the wounded Clovis is still alive. Clovis masquerades as the ghost of his father Childerick, and terrifies the queen into admitting that she poisoned her husband. Clovis turns Fredigond and Landrey over to Castrato, who starves the imprisoned queen and her paramour, then poisons them. Landrey tries to escape with a concealed dagger; but in his weakened state he is unable to evade Castrato, who trips him, sits on him, and stabs him.
Castrato has convinced Clotair that Aphelia has been unfaithful to him; Clotair binds his wife and Castrato tortures her (he "sears her breast"). Castrato displays the corpses of Fredigond and Landrey, and Clotair understands that Aphelia is innocent and that he has been abused. Clotair stabs Castrato, who, dying, reveals her true identity as Chrotilda. Lamot and Dumain break into the castle with a party of supporters. The play's conclusion indicates that Clotair, Aphelia, and Chrotilda will die and that Clovis will inherit the throne.

</doc>
<doc id="19125193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125193" title="Advanced Base Force">
Advanced Base Force

The United States Marine Corps's Advanced Base Force was a coastal and naval base defense force that was designed to set up mobile and fixed bases in the event of major landing operations within, and beyond, the territorial United States. Established in the beginning of the 20th century, the Advanced Base Force was the United States's first combined task force that was built on the concept of the Marine Corps's traditional role in expeditionary warfare. The slow development of the advanced base force played a significant role in the controversy over the removal of the ships guards in 1908—1909.
Relying on the full projection capabilities of their naval counterpart, the Advanced Base Force enabled the United States Navy to meet all the demands for its use of naval services within its own sphere of maritime operations. It also allowed independence, without the cooperation of the United States Army for troops and military supplies, for such force may not be available. The Advanced Base Force had been concluded by the General Board that one or two regiments were highly adequate in defending naval bases against cruiser raids and were able to land with thirty emplaced naval guns, high-angled field artillery, machine guns, infantry, and water and land minefields.
Background.
Before the creation of the Advanced Base Force, the victory over Spain in the Spanish-American War had greatly influenced the expansion of the United States. By the time the Treaty of Paris was ratified in 1898 the United States had annexed the Philippines in the western Pacific to influence foreign relations in China and Korea; primarily through the presence of the Asiatic Squadron. The McKinley Administration included Guam and the Hawaiian Islands to the south Pacific insular areas of Samoa. Also, Congress approved the Foraker Act in the annexation of Puerto Rico for the defense and protection of the newly independent Cuba from any possible foreign attack. The government also negotiated with Nicaragua and Columbia for the right to build an isthmian canal through Panama.
Due to the new, vast expansion of territory, the Navy began to assume strategic duties unimagined before 1898. In 1900, the "General Board of the Navy" was established to foresee and make recommendations on naval policy, assuming the tasks of the nation's naval expeditionary and strategic challenges.
The General Board developed some potential war plans for possible events that may be measured if such attacks were to be aimed for the continental east coast, Antilles of the Caribbean, or the Panama Canal. The most dangerous, likely foe that the United States Navy faced was the British Royal Navy, and had been implemented into War Plan RED, however, relations had improved and both already committed to a growing rapprochement. It instead agreed that the most likely foe would be the Germany's Imperial Navy, a burgeoning force of warships that were at the disposal of Emperor Wilhelm II. In response to possible German naval invasion of the Caribbean or attacks on the east coast, the United States devised War Plan BLACK.
To also include Germany having purchased Spain's remaining central Pacific island colonies, and the Mariana Islands and the Caroline Islands, and its establishment of a naval base in China in 1900. And after the Russo-Japanese War, victorious Imperial Japan had serious plans of expanding its influence south and west in the Pacific. The United States Navy solely relied on the islands for refueling stations for the coal-powered navy ships; the lifeline to the naval bases in the Philippines and Guam. If such an attack was initiated by the Japanese, a system of Pacific naval bases were needed to be built, in order to put War Plan ORANGE into effect.
The sum of it all, the Navy's war planning after 1900 assumed that maritime attacks on the United States and its interests were possible in both the Pacific and the Caribbean, and given the thousands of miles the fleet would have to steam to provide security to the outermost bases of Guam, the Philippines, or of the similar. The General Board was convinced that it would require hastily developed advanced bases, and it could not depend on the small and overextended United States Army to defend the bases in short order.
Definitive history.
In late 1901, a four-company battalion was formed at Annapolis and Newport by then-Commandant of the Marine Corps, Major General Charles Heywood for expeditionary and advanced base training. General Heywood had been pressured by both the General Board and Secretary of the Navy, John D. Long, to create such a force that was placed on naval transport and were well-drilled and equipped for duties given at short notice to any of the territories annexed by the United States, without having to rely on the slower and demanding process of deploying the Army.
Organization.
The Advanced Base Force was "officially" created on 23 December 1913 by Commandant William P. Biddle. Momentarily, two regiments, the Fixed Defense Regiment and the Mobile Defense Regiment were designated. They both are the forebears of the Marine regiments that exist today; the 1st Regiment of the Advanced Base Force subsequently became the 2nd Marine Regiment, whereas the 2nd Regiment became the 1st Marine Regiment.
An aviation detachment was established a few years before in 1911, under command of the United States's sixth naval aviator, Lieutenant Bernard L. Smith. This detachment is not to be confused with the much later "permanent" Aviation Company, which was under command of the United States's fifth (and Marine Corps's 'first') naval aviator, Alfred A. Cunningham.
Fixed Defense Regiment.
On 19 June 1913, the Fixed Defense Regiment, under command of Lieutenant Colonel Charles G. Long, was formed at the Philadelphia Navy Yard. The Fixed Defense Regiment was the forerunner of the Marine Defense Battalions that were responsible for coastal defense of various naval bases throughout the Pacific during World War II.
On 3 January 1914, the Fixed Defense Regiment at Culebra Island, along with the Mobile Defense Force, formed the Advanced Base Force Brigade, under the command of Colonel George Barnett, who previously commanded the Marine Barracks at the Philadelphia Yard and the Advanced Base School. By 18 February 1914, it was redesignated as the 1st Regiment, Advance Base Brigade. For the next two months, the regiment operated onboard ship off New Orleans and Algiers, Louisiana.
In 1915, The regiment consisted of:
The Aviation Company was established by Alfred A. Cunningham at the Philadelphia Navy Yard on 26 February 1917. The company's strength consisted of ten officers and forty men for billets as aviators and as staff personnel. The Advanced Base Force's aviation company became the first permanent aviation element in the Marine Corps.
Mobile Defense Regiment.
Commandant Biddle assembled the Mobile Defense Regiment at the Pensacola Navy Yard, from the expeditionary battalions that were stationed abroad the Mexican territorial waters; Commandant Biddle assigned Lieutenant Colonel John A. Lejeune as the commanding officer. The regiment was composed of four rifle companies, a machine gun company, and a field gun battery. These composed into mobile infantry/artillery battalion landing forces, the predecessors to the Marine Regimental (RLT) and Battalion Landing Teams (BLT) that performed numerous landing operations from the Pacific Theatre of World War II, Korean War, Vietnam War, to the latter years.
Between 2–3 January 1914, the Mobile Defense Regiment sailed aboard the "USS Prairie" and rendezvoused with the Fixed Base Regiment at Culebra Island, forming the "first" operational advanced base force brigade, the Advanced Base Force Brigade.
Institution.
"1900–1905".
A brilliant naval intelligence officer, Marine Captain Dion Williams, who was serving in the Office of Naval Intelligence, wrote an extensive thesis in 1902 stressing that America's safety rested on the Navy's ability to coal its vessels, if in time of war. He endorsed that any war the United States will enter in the future will first be conceived through a "naval war". Dion, however, differentiated between fixed and mobile defense forces. He announced that the fixed defense force should be a permanent regiment of 1,312 Marines to man artillery and establish necessary minefields and barriers; the mobile defense force should be a regiment of two infantry battalions and one field artillery battery, which could be formed quickly from Marine naval base detachments. He urged stockpiling equipment and weapons, assigning transport permanently to the force, and holding annual maneuvers.
The summer of 1902, the Secretary of the Navy William H. Moody ordered the advanced base force battalion to be prepared for an upcoming fleet exercises during the winter in the Caribbean Islands. This exercise has proven to the Marine Corps the necessity of naval gun emplacement and setting up base defenses. Also, the expeditionary battalion that was stationed in Cavite, Philippines had already been exercising in Subic Bay and had employed eight heavy guns at the bay's entrance. Even though the battalion in the Philippines were not of the advanced base force concept; it was marking the new idealism for the Marine Corps.
The first advanced base exercises had taken place on Culebra, Puerto Rico in 1903, proving the General Board how well the Marines can perform the ideals and concepts that were conceived. It opened many new perspectives for the future of the Marines; and it sparked the harsh beginning of interservice rivalry. The captain of the "USS Panther" demanded that the Marines perform their same initial duties, ship security and a provost marshal by acting as a deterrence tool against mutiny, if any. This unencouraged act forcibly neglected the advanced base force battalion's training schedule and defense planning. Even ashore the naval officers had little understanding of the problems of moving heavy weaponry and equipment across broken terrain, the advanced base force languished by 1903 due to the large number east coast Marines were deployed to Panama and Cuba. Only then, the Marines in the Philippines were effected by the General Board's the advanced base force concept.
"1905–1910".
In an exercise in 1907 at Subic Bay, a battalion commanded by Major Eli K. Cole emplaced forty-four heavy guns in a ten-week period due to the Eight-eight fleet war scare with Japan in 1907, which convinced the Navy Department that it should organize the matériel for an advanced base force to be available in the Philippines and one that is well-prepared and trained in Philadelphia, PA. The Marine Corps at that time recorded a strength increase of two thousand men since 1903, the General Board considered it a favorable quota to proceed in the organizing a "permanent" advanced base force; thus making further cooperation with the Army unnecessary.
The General Board in 1909 reviewed the scant progress since 1900 and concluded that neither the Navy Department nor the Marine Corps had done much to make the advanced base force a reality. Commandant George F. Elliott and his staff were criticized by the Navy officers for not carrying out Charles Heywood's (the previous Commandant) agreements. Admiral George Dewey reviewed disappointment and Navy Commander William F. Fullam even denounced Elliott for failure to use additional Marines for expeditionary duty, which was the only hope to naval reformers in creating the advanced base force.
Many several factors helped renew the interests in the advanced base force. The most significant factor was the appointment of the new Secretary of the Navy, George von L. Meyer, in 1909, who created the Naval Aide system. Meyer's aides were four line officers with direct responsibilities for policy in four functional areas: operations, inspections, personnel, and matériel. To conclude the success, the Secretary Meyer appointed Bradley A. Fiske (Aide for Operations) and William Fullam (Aide for Inspections), the Marine Corps's own rival and nemesis, to staff these posts. The aides and the General Board improved policy matters and were very influential in behalf of war preparedness and establishing a balanced naval fleet. The Aide for Operations subsequently became the tutelage title of "Chief of Naval Operations". Another factor was the increased of men available for advanced base training due to the conflicts of Nicaraguan Expedition of 1912 and the Veracruz landing in 1914.
Importantly, Colonel William P. Biddle replaced General Elliott as the Commandant of the Marine Corps, who in turn approved three important reforms that strengthened the Corp's ability to respond to advanced base missions; one of which, was the establishment of an assistant to the Commandant. The Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps was responsible for the military training and preparedness of the Marines. Lieutenant Colonel Eli K. Cole became the first assistant to the Commandant. Secondly, the creation of permanent expeditionary companies to each Marine Barracks. And third and last, the institution of mandatory three months' recruit training. In addition, Biddle continued Elliott's policy of assigning a few Marine officers to Navy and Army advanced officer schools for further training in large unit maneuvers, artillery, communications, and contingency planning.
"1910–1915".
In March 1910, the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Beekman Winthrop, sent Commandant Biddle a direct order to take custody of the advanced base materials and take the necessary steps to instruct the officers and enlisted in the use of the materials. Assessing the experiences learned to 1911, a Marine officer by the name of Major Henry C. Davis argued that the advanced base force was the Corps's "true" mission and is should be embraced as such. By next summer, the Advanced Base School was transferred to the Philadelphia Navy Yard.
Two new revolutions to the Marine Corps also helped established the legitimacy of the Advanced Base Force; the first was the formation of the Marine Corps Association (MCA) and the ""Marine Corps Gazette"", founded by John A. Lejeune in 1911, and second, the new innovative avenues of Marine/Navy Aviation. The Marine Corps's first aviator, Lieutenant Alfred A. Cunningham, saw a role for aircraft in the advanced base force. Joined at Annapolis by Lieutenant Bernard L. Smith, the Marine Corps's second aviator, both learned to fly planes from civilian instructors; which both later reported to the Advanced Base Force in 1913, to create an aviation section within the force.
June 1913, the Advanced Base Force brigade was formed, composed of two permanently organized regiments, the fixed defense and mobile defense regiments. Each regiment was tailored to its specific part in the advance base force concept. At the same time, numerical designations for companies were adopted to alleviate the problem of having more than one company A, for example, in any one of the expeditionary force.
Despite the efforts in the creation of the Advanced Base School, too much energy had been spent on academic arguments over the advance base concept; it was time to fully test the concept in fleet maneuvers. By December 1913, the Marine Corps had done more to make the advanced base force a reality in one year than it had in the last twelve years.
By 1914, the advanced base force would utilize reconnaissance seaplanes for the force. The fortunes of Marine aviation from its infancy were associated with the advanced base operations.
In July 1914, a Marine Colonel, Joseph Pendleton, encamped his Marines onto the fairgrounds in Balboa Park in San Diego, CA. On 19 December 1914, he established the Marine Barracks to house the advanced base/expeditionary forces. However, the status of a permanent base was debated in the federal government.
During the time the Panama-Pacific Exposition opened in July 1915, the Marine Corps received enough money to develop its new bases on the west coast, in San Diego, CA; and a similar training base, Marine Corps Base Quantico, was formed on the East Coast. Also, the funding provide the necessary materials to establish an aviation company of ten officers and forty men, which subsequently grew larger in proportions shortly after, due to the reorganization in increasing personnel strength that was ordered through the General Board and the Navy Department.
After George Barnett became Commandant, HQMC transferred the Advanced Base School to Newport, Rhode Island, adding to the Navy War College curriculum. This move unbeknownst became the fulcrum of the advanced base force's successful future. The earliest scholars and missionaries of the Navy War College were Dion Williams, Eli K. Cole, John H. Russell, and Robert H. Dunlap, all who pioneered the advanced base force concept since the very beginning.
A brilliant and well-decorated Marine intelligence officer, Lieutenant Colonel Earl H. Ellis, a fellow patron of the Navy War College during 1912—1913, was influenced by the advanced base operations concept. In his tenure as a student, and later as an instructor, he scholarized and instrumented war plans and procedures that became vital to the success of the United States' Pacific island-hopping campaign that would occur 25-years later in World War II. He also plotted accurate charts, based on his ability in hydrographic surveying and topography; pointing that seizing a well-defended island rested upon the integral advanced base force, and that the Marine Corps's future fully relied upon of the advanced base force, for both defense and assault. Ellis even impressed John A. Lejeune of his brilliance, who soon became his patron as well as a coadvocate of the advanced base force concept.
Ellis participated in drafting war plans against Japan that later became the vital major thesis on which the Pacific Theatre during the World War II was based on. Ellis covertly spied on the Japanese, disguised as a civilian seeking business interest in Micronesia, and surrounding nearby islands.
Also in 1915, Colonel Eli K. Cole continued his own advocacy upon the moment he was appointed as the Commandant of the Advanced Base School and the commander of the 1st Regiment (Fixed Defense), (ending his tenure as the "first" Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps, 1911—1915), by emphasizing in the procurement, plus the necessary technical training, of new weapons and equipment.
Next to serve as the next assistant to Commandant Barnett was Colonel John A. Lejeune. During his tenure of 1915—1917, he spoke for the Commandant, stressing the missions of the Advanced Base Force. He argued that the Marine Corps's organization needed reconstructing, urging that the Marine Corps as a "whole", not just 'particular' regiments assigned to advanced base duty; this reorganization should be the Marine Corps's primary function to the United States's naval services. Col. Lejeune even supported the article printed in the "Marine Corps Gazette" by John H. Russell, who has drafted one of the earliest advanced base force studies.
The expeditionary duties in the Caribbean had been one of the main causes that conflicted in the formation of a legitimate advanced base force that could be retained permanently, to serve abroad the navy bases. While the conflicts were arising in Europe, the German and Austrian armies against the coalition of Great Britain, France, and Russia since August 1914. Nevertheless, the battles of World War I in 1917—1919 would prove and test the Marine Corps new creed of maritime combat. From 1900 through 1916, much has changed to evolve the old principle of "ship-only" duty of security guards, and the occasional landing force participants. Insomuch, the "advanced base force concept" had emplaced itself as the father of "modern-"amphibious warfare, another concept that would revolutionize the Marine Corps in years to follow.
Operation.
Veracruz, 1914.
The Marine Corps's Advanced Base Force, and its Navy cooperatives, participated in the United States's next intervention when the late-President of Mexico Francisco Madero was executed by Victoriano Huerta's Porfirista military conspirators on 22 February 1913.
The aviation company with the Advanced Base Force, however, missed its first chance at expeditionary duty during the 'Veracruz, Mexico' landing in April 1914 because it had not yet discovered a way to get its two aircraft, both seaplanes, to the objective area in flying condition.
Training.
Advanced Base School.
The Advanced Base School was established at New London, Connecticut by the Headquarters Marine Corps (HQMC) in April 1910. The General Board asked the Secretary of the Navy, George Meyer, to order the newly appointed-Commandant of the Marine Corps, Colonel William P. Biddle, to assume responsibilities for the advanced base equipment assembled at Philadelphia, PA and Subic Bay, Philippines. More or less, the Commandant was in charge of ensuring that all the officers and enlisted were adequately trained and embedded in the formal study of the advanced base force. The Marines themselves found the training more demanding than they encountered before. Marines had in the past were restricted only to sea duty, the advanced base concept opened new revolutionary methods never thought before in the United States's naval history. Labored by day and studying by night, the regiment's officers trained their men to assemble and aim the melange of 3-inch and naval guns, army field artillery, mines, searchlights, and automatic weapons.
By March 1910, the Assistant Secretary of the Navy Beekman Winthrop in lieu sent the order to the Commandant. The school assembled a handful of officers and men to begin the formal study of advanced base defenses. The next summer, the school was moved to the Philadelphia Navy Yard in order to work more closely with the actual equipment that were to be used by the Advanced Base Force. However, training had little continuity, mostly due to the expeditionary duty that took place in the Caribbean.
Fleet exercises.
The Advanced Base Force Brigade, commanded by Colonel George Barnett, landed on Culebra Island of Puerto Rico on 3 January 1914, with the landing forces of the Atlantic Fleet, and spent a week preparing coastal defenses for their upcoming "first" advanced base exercise.
The Culebra exercises became the first of many fleet landing exercises to come over the years, consisting of the occupation and defense of the island by the advanced base force brigade. The brigade emplaced batteries of field guns on each side of the entrance to Culebra's harbor and the laying of control mines offshore; the aggressor forces were acted by a detached Marine battalion landing force with the Atlantic Fleet. The signal company, in addition to laying mines, provided communications (telegraph and telephone) for the brigade, established radio stations, and operated day and night visual stations. The engineers assisted the fixed gun companies in the preparation of gun emplacements, built docks, and established machine gun positions on certain parts of the harbor shore line. The 1st 3-inch battery emplaced guns in permanent positions, holding its field pieces in reserve.
However, they found many discrepancies during the off-loading of equipment; mainly the landing crafts, both experimental lighters and ships boats, were almost to the point of being unsuitable. Once ashore, they discovered shortages of engineering tools and transportation, even with the use of the portable Decauville portable track system. Nonetheless, the Marines moved into position, manning the guns, its infantry entrenched. A counterattack force hid in the hills as the "attacking" force conducted simulated raids by cruisers and large beach landing teams.
The Chief umpire, Rear Admiral William S. Sims, and the Navy observers (mostly from the Navy War College) offered recommendations to the Marine artillery crew in different naval gunfire techniques. They thought that the Marines shouldn't engage the "enemy" warships in an artillery duel, risking exposure; they agreed instead that high-angle artillery and flat-trajectory naval gunfire would make the fixed defenses the absolute choice in engagements. RAdm Sims concluded that the Marines, making up the "mock" landing force of 1,200 sailors and Marines, could not breach the island's defenses. However, amidst the smoke and the barrage of blanks, and an array of searchlights scanning the beaches, the Advanced Base Force successfully defended Culebra. The Navy umpires officially agreed that the Marine Corps had finally refined the advanced base concepts and able to organize the operational units required by the General Board's war plans.

</doc>
<doc id="19125210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125210" title="1977 Australian Formula 2 Championship">
1977 Australian Formula 2 Championship

The 1977 Australian Formula 2 Championship was a CAMS sanctioned national motor racing title for drivers of Australian Formula 2 racing cars. The championship was contested over a single race which was staged at the Sandown International Motor Racing Circuit in Victoria on 17 April 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19125220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125220" title="Grevillea venusta">
Grevillea venusta

Grevillea venusta, commonly known as the Byfield Spider Flower, is a woody shrub of the Proteaceae family native to a small region of central Queensland in eastern Australia. It has bright green leaves and unusually coloured green, gold and blackish inflorescences. 
Taxonomy.
It was described by Robert Brown in 1811 after he collected the type specimen near Cape Townsend in Queensland in August 1802. The specific epithet is derived from the Latin "venustus" "charming, lovely or graceful". 
Description.
"Grevillea venusta" is a spreading shrub which may reach 5 m (15 ft) high and wide. The branchlets are brownish and hairy, and the bright green leaves are up to 19 cm (7.5 in) long. They may be simple and 1-2 cm wide, or forked into two or more lobes. Flowering occurs from autumn to spring, the unusually coloured cylindrical inflorescences are 5-9 cm (2-3.5 in) high and terminal (appearing at the end of branchlets). Each blooms is made up of 12-20 individual flowers, which are green at the base, with gold and then purple-black styles covered with short white hairs. The seedpods which follow are greenish and measure 1.6-1.9 x 0.8 cm.
Distribution and habitat.
It is restricted to Central Queensland in the vicinity of Byfield National Park and Shoalwater Bay, and is classified as "vulnerable" by the Australian government. It grows on sandy soils on ridges and in dry eucalypt forests.
Cultivation.
This has been cultivated since the early 1970s and is suitable for use in small gardens, where it grows readily in a sunny position with good drainage. It is frost hardy and tolerates humidity. It is a parent of two commonly seen cultivars, "Grevillea" 'Orange Marmalade', after being bred with "Grevillea glossadenia",

</doc>
<doc id="19125276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125276" title="Grevillea glossadenia">
Grevillea glossadenia

Grevillea glossadenia is a woody shrub or tree native to Queensland, in northeastern Australia. It is in the Proteaceae family.
This species of "Grevillea" was first described by Australian botanist Don McGillivray in 1975.
It is listed as a Vulnerable species in Queensland, per the province's Nature Conservation Act criteria.
Cultivation.
"Grevillea glossadenia" is cultivated as an ornamental plant. It is suitable for use in small gardens as a shrub or small tree, where it grows readily in a sunny position with good drainage. It is frost hardy and tolerates humidity.
It is a parent a commonly seen cultivar — "Grevillea" 'Orange Marmalade' — after being bred with "Grevillea venusta".

</doc>
<doc id="19125334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125334" title="Mid-Ocean News">
Mid-Ocean News

The Mid-Ocean News was a Bermudian newspaper, published between 1911 and 16 October 2009. It was a sister publication of "The Royal Gazette", which acquired it in 1962. 
At the time, the "Mid-Ocean News" was a daily afternoon newspaper. In 1968, it became a weekly publication, distributed on Saturdays. From 1976 until the newspaper's final edition on 16 October 2009, it was a weekly newspaper published on Fridays. 
In its final years, the newspaper had colour comics and a magazine-style television-programme section, and was published by The Bermuda Press (Holdings) Ltd., the owner of "The Royal Gazette".

</doc>
<doc id="19125338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125338" title="Pongani">
Pongani

Pongani is a village on the north coast of Papua New Guinea in Dyke Ackland Bay.
History.
During World War II, the area around the village was used as a staging area for allied forces for the Battle of Buna-Gona. The United States 126th Infantry Regiment and 128th Infantry Regiment of the 32nd Infantry Division together with Australian 2/6th Independent Company staged in Pongani before heading towards offensives in Buna, Sanananda and Gona.
A US Army supply dump was constructed in the area and was used for supplies coming via sea, and later after Pongani Airfield was built, by air.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19125343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125343" title="Laurence Olivier Award for Best Director of a Musical">
Laurence Olivier Award for Best Director of a Musical

The Laurence Olivier Award for Best Director of a Musical was introduced in 1991 and later withdrawn in 1995. 

</doc>
<doc id="19125373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125373" title="Shomea k'oneh">
Shomea k'oneh

"Shomea k'oneh" (, "One who hears is the equivalent of one who recites") is a principle in Jewish law that, in general, allows one to fulfill his or her obligation of textual recitation by listening to another recite the text while both of them have in mind to effect such a fulfillment. The principle of "shomea k'oneh" is also indicated as the rationale for one fulfilling one's requirement to hear the shofar blown on Rosh Hashana even though the sounds are not the recitation of text.

</doc>
<doc id="19125409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125409" title="Fireman, Save My Child (1927 film)">
Fireman, Save My Child (1927 film)

Fireman, Save My Child is a 1927 movie featuring the part-time screen comedy team of Wallace Beery and Raymond Hatton. The film was written by Monte Brice and Thomas J. Geraghty, and directed by A. Edward Sutherland. The print exists.

</doc>
<doc id="19125468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125468" title="Sugar Hill Historic District">
Sugar Hill Historic District

Sugar Hill Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19125480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125480" title="Renee (song)">
Renee (song)

"Renee" is a song by rap group Lost Boyz from their first studio album "Legal Drug Money" and the "Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood" soundtrack. It samples the Janet Jackson song "Funny How Time Flies (When You're Having Fun)". It was the Lost Boyz' most successful single, reaching number 33 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 (their only one to reach to top 40) and earning a gold certification from the RIAA for sales of 500,000 copies.
Song information.
The song's lyrics discuss the narrator, a young man, who meets a woman named Renee while coming back from John Jay College of Criminal Justice. The narrator promptly attempts to initiate a relationship. The song describes that Renee is studying to be a lawyer, while the narrator is a writer. The pair date for several weeks, but the relationship ends abruptly when she is shot to death. The moral of the song is ""ghetto love is the law that we live by,"" describing the inevitable suffering of tragedy by those raised in crime-ridden areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19125491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125491" title="Tadavas">
Tadavas

Tadavas is a village in Jaipur district, Rajasthan, India. It is famous for the Lord Narasimha temple (Shri Narsingh नरसिंह Bhagwan Mandir). Narsingh Leela is organised in this village annually in the month of Vaishakha on Narsingh Chaturdashi (in April–May). Thousands of people gather from nearby villages to enjoy Narsingh Leela. Narsingh Avtar and Varah Avtar are main attractions of the Leela. The village is mainly populated by peace loving farmer community known as Bagra Brahmin.
Narsingh Leela is also organised in Vrindavan and Delhi. In Delhi, it is celebrated in Bada Mandir, Ghanteshwar Gali, Chandni chowk.

</doc>
<doc id="19125534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125534" title="Rump (animal)">
Rump (animal)

The rump or croup, in the external morphology of an animal, is the portion of the posterior dorsum that is posterior to the loins and anterior to the tail. Anatomically, the rump corresponds to the sacrum. 
The tailhead or dock is the beginning of the tail, where the tail joins the rump. It is known also as the base or root of the tail, and corresponds to the human sacrococcygeal symphysis. In some mammals the tail may be said to consist of the tailbone (meaning the bony column, muscles, and skin) and the skirt (meaning the long hairs growing from the tailbone). In birds, similarly, the tail consists of tailbone and tailfan (tail fan).
Some animals are subjected to docking, the amputation of the tailbone at or near the dock. These include dogs, cats, sheep, pigs, and horses. Humans have a remnant tail, the coccyx, and the human equivalent of docking is coccygectomy.
Usage.
Usage varies from animal to animal. Birds and cattle are said to have a rump and tailhead. Dogs are said to have a rump and dock. Horses are said to have a croup (sometimes rump), thigh or haunch, buttock, and dock.
Birds.
In bird anatomy, the rump is the body immediately above the tail. The color of plumage on the rump is a characteristic widely used by ornithologists to distinguish between related species, and sometimes also between males and females of the same species. Similarly, the silhouette of the tailfan is a characteristic widely used for purposes of identification, particularly in the field.
Some birds have a food reservoir pouch in the esophagus that is known as a croup.
Dogs.
In some breeds it is traditional for tails to be cut off (docked) at the dock.
A sponge used to wash the hairless skin on the underside of the dock and other regions under the tail, protected by the dock, is called a dock sponge. Thus, the meaning of "dock" has been used to refer to the orifices beneath the dock, specifically the anus and vagina, creating a misapprehension that "dock" refers to the anus, as in, "a horse's fundamental orifice is its dock".

</doc>
<doc id="19125539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125539" title="Dazaifu Line">
Dazaifu Line


</doc>
<doc id="19125563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125563" title="Suta dwyeri">
Suta dwyeri

Suta dwyeri, common names Dwyer's Snake, Whip Snake and Variable Black-naped Snake, is a species of snake found in Australia from New South Wales to South Queensland. While closely related to Australian sea snakes, "S. dwyeri" is a terrestrial reptile.
Taxonomy.
There has been a great amount of instability of the nomenclature of many Australian snake taxa, particularly concerning the generic classification of the smaller Elapidae, some of which have been placed in several different genera in the span of just a few decades. Accordingly, Dwyer's Snake has variously been classified as "Denisonia dwyeri" (Worrell 1956), "Unechis dwyeri" (Cogger 1983), "Suta dwyeri" (Valentic 1998), "Suta spectabilis dwyeri" (Cogger 2000), and "Parasuta dwyeri" (Greer 2006).
Description.
Adult "S. dwyeri" males average 31 cm in length from the tip of their snouts to their uro-genital vents. Females are slightly smaller at around 29 cm in length. They have cylindrical brown bodies with slender to medium builds. Their heads are short and somewhat widened so as to be distinct from their necks. Their tails are short as well and their dorsal scales are smooth. "S. dwyeri" has medium-sized eyes with vertically elliptical pupils.
Reproduction.
Breeders of exotic reptiles advise letting pairs mate when they reach a length of about 23 centimeters (22 cm in the case of the female). This species is viviparous rather than egg laying and successfully births about three offspring per brood. Newborn "S. dwyeri" young are about 13 cm long.
Defense mechanisms.
Like other snakes in the elapid family, "S. dwyeri" are venomous and have hollow fangs fixed at the front of the upper jaw. These fangs are connected via ducts to venom glands near the eyes. Like the majority of Australian elapids, Dwyer's Snakes are inoffensive and mostly harmless. Herpetologists at the Queensland Museum describe Dwyer's Snake as "weakly venomous", and do not include it among their list of eight snake species in the Brisbane area considered capable of inflicting potentially fatal bites. A 25-year old male in Western Sydney mildly describes a snakebite from this species by saying that he was:
... bitten on the finger by a Suta dwyeri once. The bite did not hurt at all. But little did i know he had left his fang in my finger. A couple of days later it got a tiny bit infected and hurt for a couple of days.. nothing major though.
When threatened "S. dwyeri" prefers to coil into a tight ball as a defense mechanism for protection from larger predators. This enables the snake to protect its head and more vulnerable areas of its body.
Habit.
"S. dwyeri" is a secretive, nocturnal snake that seeks under rocks, debris, and ground litter and may make its home in burrows made and abandoned by other creatures. Open woodland and grassland areas are its typical habitat. It feeds mainly on small lizards such as geckos and skinks.

</doc>
<doc id="19125582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125582" title="Richard Armitage (politician)">
Richard Armitage (politician)

Richard Lee Armitage KCMG, CNZM, AC (born April 26, 1945) is an American former naval officer and a Republican politician who was appointed the 13th United States Deputy Secretary of State at the State Department, serving from 2001 to 2005 under George W. Bush. He has acknowledged that he publicly released the classified information that Valerie Plame Wilson was a secret agent for the CIA, triggering the Plame affair, though he has said it was inadvertent.
Early life and military career.
Armitage was born in Boston, but graduated from St. Pius X Catholic High School, in Atlanta, Georgia, in 1963. In 1967 graduated from the United States Naval Academy with the rank of ensign.
He served on a destroyer stationed off the coast of Vietnam during the Vietnam War before volunteering to serve what would eventually become three combat tours with the riverine/advisory forces for the Republic of Vietnam Navy. According to Captain Kiem Do, a Republic of Vietnam Navy officer who served with him in Vietnam, Armitage "seemed drawn like a 'moth to flame' to the hotspots of the naval war: bedding down on the ground with Vietnamese commandos, sharing their rations and hot sauce, telling jokes in flawless Vietnamese". Instead of a uniform, Armitage often dressed in native garb. He adopted a Vietnamese pseudonym, "Tran Phu", based on an arbitrary, but personally relevant translation of his real name.
Several associates who fought alongside Armitage and other politicians (including Ted Shackley) have since claimed that Armitage was associated with the Central Intelligence Agency's (CIA) clandestine Phoenix Program. Armitage has denied a role in Phoenix and has stated that—at most—CIA officers would occasionally ask him for intelligence reports.
In 1973, Armitage left active duty and joined the office of the U.S. Defense Attache in Saigon. Immediately prior to the fall of Saigon, he organized and led the removal of South Vietnamese naval assets and personnel from the country and out of the hands of the approaching North Vietnamese. Armitage told South Vietnamese naval officers to take their ships to a designated place in the ocean where they would be rescued by U.S. forces and their ships destroyed. When Armitage arrived at the designated location he found 30 South Vietnamese Navy ships and dozens of fishing boats and cargo ships with as many as 30,000 Vietnamese refugees. With transportation options limited for removing the floating city, Armitage, aboard the destroyer USS "Kirk", personally decided that humanity required him to lead the flotilla of ships over 1000 miles to shelter in Subic Bay, Philippines, in 1975. This went against the wishes of both the Philippine and American governments. Nevertheless, Armitage personally arranged for food and water to be delivered by the U.S. Defense Department before negotiating with both governments for permission to dock in Subic Bay.
Public service career.
After the end of the Vietnam War Armitage moved to Washington, D.C., to serve as a consultant for the United States Department of Defense. He was almost immediately sent to serve in Tehran, Iran, until November 1976. Following that posting, he moved to Bangkok and operated an import/export business in the private sector for the next two years. In 1978, he returned to the United States and started working as an aide to Republican Senator Bob Dole. 
In late 1980, Armitage became a foreign policy advisor to Republican President-elect Ronald Reagan. Following that role, he was made a Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for East Asia and Pacific Affairs, a high-ranking post in the Pentagon. He served in this position from 1981 to 1983.
In June 1983, he was promoted to Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Policy where he represented the Department of Defense in developing political-military relationships and initiatives throughout the world. He helped to spearhead U.S. Pacific security policy including the U.S.-Japan and U.S.-China security relationships, managed all Defense security assistance programs, and provided oversight of policies related to the law of the sea, U.S. special operations, and counter-terrorism. Armitage earned the Secretary of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service and the Secretary of Defense Medal for Outstanding Public Service. He played a leading role in Middle East security policies. Armitage left that post in 1989 to serve as a special negotiator for the President on military bases in the Philippines, and as a mediator on water issues in the Middle East.
In 1991, he was appointed a special emissary to King Hussein of Jordan. Following that, he was sent to Europe with the title of ambassador; his assignment was to direct U.S. foreign aid to the countries that had been formed out of the fallen Soviet Union. He occupied that post until 1993, when he became the director of a U.S. data aggregation company ChoicePoint.
Bush administration.
In 1998, Armitage signed "The Project for the New American Century" letter (PNAC Letter) to President Bill Clinton. The letter urged Clinton to target the removal of Saddam Hussein's regime from power in Iraq. It stated that Saddam's massive violations of the cease-fire that had ended the First Gulf War has caused erosion of the Gulf War Coalition's containment policy. It also raised the possibility that Iraq, emboldened by Western inaction, might re-develop weapons of mass destruction.
During the 2000 Presidential election campaign, he served as a foreign policy advisor to George W. Bush as part of a group led by Condoleezza Rice that called itself The Vulcans. The United States Senate confirmed him as Deputy Secretary of State on March 23, 2001; he was sworn in three days later. A close associate of Secretary of State Colin Powell, Armitage was regarded, along with Powell, as a moderate within the presidential administration of George W. Bush.
According to President Musharraf of Pakistan, shortly after 9/11, Armitage presented him with demands for assistance in the campaign against Al-Qaeda and the Taliban which were non-negotiable. Should Pakistan accept, it would be considered a United States ally. Should it decline, Pakistan would be considered an enemy. According to Musharraf, Armitage further averred that, should Pakistan decline, the United States would bomb it "back to the Stone Age". Armitage denies having used those words.
Armitage tendered his resignation on November 16, 2004, the day after Powell announced his resignation as Secretary of State. He left the post on February 22, 2005, when Robert Zoellick succeeded to the office.
Pakistan and the fight against terrorism.
Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf, in an interview with CBS News "60 Minutes" on September 21, 2006, alleged that Armitage called an Inter-Services Intelligence general immediately after the September 11, 2001 attacks and threatened to "bomb the country back to the stone age" unless they supported the U.S.-led fight against Islamic terrorism. Presently, Musharraf has refused to provide details, commenting that he is unable to provide details due to restrictions by the publisher (Simon & Schuster) of his book "In the Line of Fire: A Memoir". President Bush on the other hand has mentioned that he only became aware of these comments as late as September 2006, when he read them in the newspapers. Armitage confirmed he had held a conversation with the Pakistani general to whom Musharraf had sourced the comments, but stated he had not used a threat of military action couched in such terms, as he was not authorized to do so.
Life after public service.
There was some media speculation that President Bush would appoint him to a key security position such as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, Director of National Intelligence or Defense Secretary. As of the start of July 2007, Armitage had not re-entered public service. On May 10, 2006, he was elected to the board of directors of the ConocoPhillips oil company.
In October 2006, Armitage lobbied—on behalf of the L-3 Communications Corporation, a company providing intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance products—some key people in Taiwanese political circles regarding the possible sale of P-3C marine patrol aircraft to the ROC military. Those who received his personal letter included Premier Su Tseng-chang, President of the Legislative Yuan Wang Jin-pyng, and opposition People First Party leader James Soong.
Armitage stated in the letter that he wished the Taiwan government would reconsider the purchase from Lockheed Martin, the dealer the United States government had designated. Instead, he hoped that the right to negotiate the purchase should be made through an open and fair bidding process.
The letter was made public by PFP Legislators on October 24, 2006, in a Legislative Yuan session discussing the military purchases.
Since January 1, 2010, Armitage has been a Member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the American-Turkish Council, a Washington-based, corporate membership NGO dedicated to the promotion of a strong and peaceful business, military and foreign policy relationship between Turkey and the United States.
Honors and awards.
On December 15, 2005, Armitage was awarded a KBE and became a Knight Commander of the Order of St. Michael and St. George (honorary).
On July 1, 2010, Armitage was appointed an Honorary Companion of the Order of Australia, Australia's "for eminent service to strengthening the Australia-United States bilateral relationship". He was invested with the award at a ceremony at the Australian Ambassador's residence on October 13, 2010.
On June 6, 2011, Her Majesty the Queen appointed Armitage an Honorary Companion of The New Zealand Order of Merit. He was appointed in recognition of his services to New Zealand–U.S. relations. 
Armitage was awarded the Department of State Distinguished Service Award. He has been awarded the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service four times, the Secretary of Defense Medal for Outstanding Public Service, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Award for Outstanding Public Service, the Presidential Citizens Medal, presented by the President to citizens who have performed exemplary deeds of service, and the Department of State Distinguished Honor Award. 
The President of Romania conferred upon Armitage with Romania's highest civil order, The Order of the Star of Romania with the rank of Commander “for the constant support towards the development and consolidation of bilateral relations between the United States of America and Romania, for the support of our country’s efforts to join the North Atlantic Treaty Organization”. 
On March 22, 2013, Armitage was awarded the United States Naval Academy Distinguished Alumni Award. According to the Naval Academy website: 
Personal life.
Armitage and his wife Laura have eight children. He is fluent in Vietnamese and well versed in many other languages. He is an avid powerlifter and loves to play basketball. He was also a football linebacker at the United States Naval Academy and a teammate of Roger Staubach.

</doc>
<doc id="19125587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125587" title="Jeungpyeon">
Jeungpyeon

Jeungpyeon is a variety of "tteok" (Korean rice cake), made by steaming balls of fermented dough made from rice flour and rice wine such as "makkeolli". It is one of the varieties of "tteok" that is typically served during the summer, because its sweet and sour taste is believed to be refreshing in hot weather, as well as to aid in digestion. While it is not certain that when people began to eat "jeungpyeon", but there has been "songhwa" (상화), a similar tteok made by fermentation since the Goryeo period.

</doc>
<doc id="19125588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125588" title="Richard Armitage">
Richard Armitage

Richard Armitage may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19125687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125687" title="Jongi Nokwe">
Jongi Nokwe

Jongi Nokwe (born 30 December 1981) is a South African rugby union footballer who plays as a winger for the . He's a former Springbok during the period in which he played for the Central Cheetahs franchise in the Super 14 tournament, and the Free State Cheetahs in the domestic Currie Cup competition. He has also represented Boland Cavaliers and the Stormers.
Career.
Nokwe made his international debut against Argentina on 9 August 2008 and scored a try as the Springboks won 63–9. In only his third game, he became the first Springbok player to score four tries against the Wallabies in a test match in a 53–8 victory at Ellis Park Stadium, Johannesburg before injuring his leg.
The following year he was selected in the South Africa squad to play the British and Irish Lions and started the final test as the Springboks won the series 2–1.
In 2006 he was named "Provincial Sportsman of the Year" by the Department of Cultural Affairs and Sport in the Western Cape.
In November 2011, it was announced that he signed for the for 2012.
He was released after just one season and signed for the for 2013, before joining Durban-based club side College Rovers before the 2014 SARU Community Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19125699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125699" title="Henry Waterhouse">
Henry Waterhouse

Henry Waterhouse (13 December 1770 – 27 July 1812) was a British officer of the Royal Navy who is strongly associated with the early European settlement of Australia.
Henry Waterhouse was born at Westminster, London, England on 13 December 1770. He was one of twelve children born to William Waterhouse and Susanna Brewer. His father had once been the Page of Honour to Prince Henry, Duke of Cumberland, King George III's younger brother. Henry was the Duke's godson and namesake. His elder sister Elizabeth, born 14 June 1768, was married to his friend and associate, naval surgeon George Bass.
Waterhouse joined the navy as a boy and saw service in various ships before joining the "Sirius" as a midshipman in 1786. He sailed with the First Fleet to Australia and was present in 1788 at the first settlement of New South Wales and the settlement of Norfolk Island, returning to Britain in 1791 as a lieutenant. He transferred to the "Bellerophon" in 1793 and served in the battle of the Glorious First of June in 1794.
In July 1794 Waterhouse took charge of the "Reliance" as Commander and returned to Sydney in September 1795 carrying the new Governor, John Hunter, as well as his future brother-in-law George Bass, Matthew Flinders, and the Aboriginal Bennelong. In 1796 he sailed to the Cape Colony to procure livestock for New South Wales and brought back the first Merino sheep to be imported to Australia. Subsequently he made several voyages to Norfolk Island and was the first person to chart the Antipodes Islands in 1800.
Waterhouse returned to Britain in 1800 and lived most of the rest of his life near Rochester, Kent. He never married, though he had an illegitimate daughter who was born in Sydney in 1791. He is commemorated in the name of Waterhouse Island in north-eastern Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="19125739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125739" title="Jackson Parish School Board">
Jackson Parish School Board

Jackson Parish School Board is a school district headquartered in Jonesboro, Louisiana, United States. The district serves Jackson Parish.
In the 2012-2013 school year, Jackson Parish public schools had the fifth highest rate of improvement statewide in the annual end-of-coure examinations administered in Algebra I and English II.
School uniforms.
All district students are required to wear school uniforms.

</doc>
<doc id="19125748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125748" title="Donkey Show">
Donkey Show

Donkey Show is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in July 2006. It is a triple disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19125767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125767" title="Claus Fest">
Claus Fest

Claus Fest was an annual concert run by the New York, New York radio station KROCK.
It was the winter counterpart to the Dysfunctional Family Picnic.
Line-ups.
Bands listed in alphabetical order (or, if known, in reverse order of night's performance).

</doc>
<doc id="19125768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125768" title="Ánde Somby">
Ánde Somby

Ánde Somby, born in Buolbmat, Norway, is a well known traditional Sami joik artist and an associate professor at the Faculty of Law at the University of Tromsø, specializing in Indigenous Rights Law. Somby is only one of few Sami with Ph.D in law (dr. juris). Sombys phD is titled "Juss som retorikk". In that thesis he reconnected the Nordic jurisprudence to the classical rhetorical tradition which dates back to "Plato" and "Aristotle". Currently Somby is working on a project titled "Is the legal medium the legal message?" In that project Somby attempts to apply "Marshall McLuhan" and his mantra on the medium being the message in jurisprudence.
He has been performing with yoiks since he was 16 years old. A 'yoiker' is a person who "yoiks" (a type of singing) people, animals and landscapes within Sami culture and context.He has been performing both overseas and in many countries in Europe. He has also been producing records with other yoikers. In 1985 he produced the LP record and MC cassette "Ean Máššan" with his father Aslak Somby (1913–2008) and mother Karen Kristine Porsanger Somby born 1920. in 1991 he produced the record Ravddas Ravdii with "Inga Juuso" In 2000 he produced the record "Deh" and in 2003 Deh2 with his uncle Ivvár Niillas. Somby is also one of the cofounders of the sámi publishing house and recordlabel Dat. Somby has also worked within band contexts as well as been a soloist for a symphoni orchestra. Together with the band Boknakaran from Tromsø and the accapella group Rosynka from Petrozavodsk in Russia Somby participated in the project "moya på Tvoja" (1998–2002). From 2003 to 2007 Somby was a member of the group "Vajas" (in English it means "echo") and was the vocals and joiker for the band.

</doc>
<doc id="19125776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125776" title="QUBE">
QUBE

QUBE was a cable television system that played a pivotal role in the history of American cable television. Launched in Columbus, Ohio on December 1, 1977, QUBE introduced viewers, and the international press, to several concepts that became central to the future development of cable television: pay-per-view programs, special-interest cable television networks, and interactive services.
History.
A closed-circuit television system at the Otani Hotel in Japan inspired Steve Ross, Chairman of Warner Communications, to wonder what could be done to improve the performance of Warner’s tiny cable television division. Ross was intrigued by the potential of delivering Warner Bros. movies directly to home subscribers.
At the time, Warner Cable was a tiny division of Warner Communications, run by a former Western Union telecommunications executive and attorney, Gus Hauser. Ross surrounded Hauser with entertainment industry executives—Jac Holzman, who had sold his Elektra Records to Ross in 1967; Mike Dann, the CBS programming wizard responsible for "The Beverly Hillbillies" and "Green Acres"; former CBS general counsel Spencer Harrison, who was the primary reason "My Fair Lady" was produced on Broadway; and super-agent Ted Ashley, whose talent agency was Ross’s first show-biz acquisition.
Pioneer Electronics was hired to "build the box" that would transform the cable TV service in a few hundred thousand households into a device that was intended to change the entire entertainment landscape. The service was first launched in Columbus, Ohio, amidst considerable national and international press coverage. The initial QUBE service debuted with a total of 30 channels (a comparatively large number of cable channels at the time), which consisted of 10 pay-per-view movie channels (a then-new feature for cable TV); 10 broadcast channels (from Columbus, Cincinnati, Indianapolis, and Cleveland); and 10 community channels. These community channels included Pinwheel, which was a forerunner to Nickelodeon; a weather channel; a learning channel; and a channel filled with locally produced programs that showed off QUBE's interactivity. The first Qube box was issued as a test for 4 months to the family of Mr. and Mrs. Walter B. Kesler, in Hilliard, Ohio. The Kesler family watched the broadcasts that were intended for a larger audience, and caused the eventual push in programming that would affect how cable formatted shows would be put together based on their viewing habits. The Keslers' children, Lori A. and Kurt W., are regarded to be the first product of the "cable generation."
The success of QUBE.
To 30,000 homes scattered around the city and its suburbs, the goal of QUBE was rather simple: "To create a faster method for groups to communicate and interact, across distance." 
Warner used the QUBE system to acquire valuable cable franchises, with which it would build and create cable monopolies in several large markets throughout the country. Warner QUBE was “awarded” cable franchises in cities such as Houston, Milwaukee, Dallas, Cincinnati, St. Louis and Pittsburgh. Many of the fundamental aspects of QUBE became important parts of television: pay-per-view and On Demand, MTV and Nickelodeon. QUBE itself was successfully installed and used in half the homes in Columbus, and the interactive results showed a high volume of participation from viewers who had the QUBE box and remote. The later remotes added five additional buttons for a total of ten options, and became wireless.
After launching a few other systems beyond Columbus, QUBE created an interactive network in Columbus, which sent live, interactive programming to each of the QUBE systems for two hours per night during weeknights. One of the most popular programs on QUBE, "Soap Scoop," wrapped up the daily events on each of the national soap operas. Guests on the show included producers and actors from the various programs; the show frequently polled viewers on their opinions regarding characters and plots.
The failures of QUBE.
However, by 1982, Warner Cable was running at a $99 million loss, and by 1983, their total debt was $875 million. Warner Cable brought in American Express as an investor, and the two companies formed Warner-Amex Cable Communications with a stellar board of directors, including American Express chairman Jim Robinson and President Lou Gerstner, and the former head of Shearson/American Express, Sanford Weill. Warner bought out American Express after the latter made an offer to buy Warner’s position, leading to conflicts between the two companies.
By this time, MTV and Nickelodeon became meaningful endeavors in their own right; its powerful leaders were Bob Pittman and Geraldine Layborne. In the meantime, QUBE was either up and running or already built in Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Dallas, Houston, and St. Louis. Warner Cable now had 2 million subscribers instead of 200,000; the new figure accounted for roughly 1/10 of all cable subscribers in America as a whole. Pittman led an unsuccessful effort to buy MTV; there was also an unsuccessful attempt at a public offering. Gus Hauser was gone; taking his place would be President Reagan’s Transportation Secretary, Drew Lewis.
Lewis renegotiated with municipalities to ease the burden to Warner of some of the cable franchise deals. However, in order to keep the cable operation going, Warner Cable went out to sell MTV and Nickelodeon to Viacom, and the QUBE systems were gradually phased out. The last QUBE boxes were phased out in 1984.
In addition to financial issues, privacy concerns increased among subscribers to QUBE. Personal information about a family’s specific interests, political views and other personal information could be stored in a database after it was processed during an interactive QUBE session. For example, a program could ask viewers to identify their favorite political candidates as part of a national survey, but this information could potentially be traced directly back to the respondents. Although Warner-Amex assured subscribers that their personal information would be kept private, such data was valuable to merchandisers, political groups and other organizations. Even if subscribers trusted Warner-Amex’s commitment to privacy, there were still concerns regarding the ability for computer hackers to potentially steal information collected via QUBE. Consequently, nonrenewals became more numerous, ultimately contributing to the end of the broadcasting system.
Post-QUBE.
Although QUBE had a short lifespan and multiple shortcomings, it occupied a unique place in media history: it was a venture that encouraged entrepreneurial media activities, and provided a unique foundation for a disproportionately large number of media innovators.
Some examples of people who worked on QUBE moving on to other television innovations are:
QUBE remote.
The QUBE remote was a book-size box with 18 buttons on it that sent signals across a long tether cable to a box with no display, but otherwise similar in size and function to modern cable set-top boxes. The remote had feet for tabletop use, but could be hand-held (probably two hands) and passed around the room, which was significant since many TV's at the time had no remotes for changing channels. The buttons were split up on the remote, with ten buttons numbered 1 - 10 down the left-hand side, five larger buttons down the right hand side, each with a corresponding red LED indicator, and three buttons across the bottom of the remote. The three big buttons across the bottom chose which category of channel the viewer would watch: pay-per-view, broadcast, or community broadcasting. The ten buttons down the left accessed each of the ten channels in that category. The 5 buttons down the right-hand side corresponded with the interactive aspect of the QUBE. They allowed a television program to ask viewers a question with five possible answers. Answers to polls taken via the QUBE box could be collected from the set-top boxes in six seconds. A computer would record the information and then display the results on the television screen for everyone to see. In the middle of these three rows of buttons was a clear plastic window that held a channel card with station names and logos arranged in a grid corresponding to the ten "row" buttons on the left and the three "column" buttons along the bottom. Channel cards were mailed to customers with each change in the channel line-up. Customers would remove the old guides and slide in the new ones. On the top of the remote was a hole in which a "key" (really just a magnet in a proprietary plastic holder) was inserted to unlock viewing of pay-per-view programming, which could be billed in much the same way as modern cable pay-per-view programs are. Without the key inserted, restricted channels displayed a default access denial screen.
QUBE Channels.
The list of channels include:

</doc>
<doc id="19125777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125777" title="Pongani Airfield">
Pongani Airfield

Pongani Airfield was an aerodrome built during World War II at Pongani village Papua New Guinea.
Built by native Pongani village men, women and children, under the supervision of Australia New Guinea Administrative Unit officer Jack Wilkinson, cleared a single grass runway built on kunai field behind Pongani village.
Used by United States Army Air Forces C-47 Dakotas and Royal Australian Air Force Lockheed Hudsons, primarily for transport flights, and also as an emergency landing field.
Abandoned after the fall of Buna and the development of airfields in the Dobodura area. After World War II, the airfield was utilised by the missionaries. The airfield is overgrown with kunai grass and is disused.

</doc>
<doc id="19125785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125785" title="Oscar Weichel">
Oscar Weichel

Oscar William Weichel (26 January 1894 - 1 March 1968), also known as "Mike" Weichel was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Elmira, Ontario and became a journalist and postmaster by career.
The son of John S. Weichel and Ida Rappel, he was educated in Elmira, Kitchener and at the Toronto Business College. Weichel was a talented sportsman in hockey and baseball and was within reach of a professional career. However, during military service in World War I, one of Weichel's legs was destroyed thereby ending his future prospects in these sports. He then directed his attention to coaching and administrative work, including 20 years of service on the executive of the Ontario Minor Hockey Association.
Weichel worked as a journalist with the "Kitchener-Waterloo Record". He was secretary for the Toronto Harbour Commission from 1920 to 1922 and served as postmaster for Elmira from 1922 to 1958. In 1923, he married Olive Elizabeth Hughes.
By the late 1950s, his interests turned to politics. Weichel won a House of Commons seat at the Waterloo North riding in the 1958 general election and was re-elected there in 1962 and 1963. After completing his final term, the 26th Canadian Parliament, Weichel left federal politics and did not seek re-election as of the 1965 federal election.

</doc>
<doc id="19125787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125787" title="Bill Stevenson">
Bill Stevenson

Bill Stevenson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19125793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125793" title="Arimaddana">
Arimaddana

Arimaddana Pura (, ) is a classical name of the city of Bagan (Pagan), Myanmar. It means the "City that Tramples on Enemies."
The Burmese chronicles do not agree on the foundation facts. The 16th century chronicle "Yazawin Kyaw" states that it was founded in 156 CE by King Pyusawhti. The oldest chronicle "Zatadawbon Yazawin" says it was founded in 190 CE (Sunday, 15th waxing of Tagu 112 of Early Pyu calendar) by King Pyusawhti. However later standard chronicles of Toungoo and Konbaung dynasties, "Maha Yazawin" and "Hmannan Yazawin" respectively, state that the city was founded in 107 CE by King Thamudarit, a scion of Sri Ksetra Kingdom. The chronicles continue that King Thili Kyaung I (r. 344–387) moved the palace to nearby Thiri Pyissaya. 
However, evidence indicates that the earliest human settlement in the Pagan region dates only from the mid-7th century CE. Therefore "Zata's" foundation date is probably based on the Burmese calendar, and the foundation date would be Friday, 27 March 750.

</doc>
<doc id="19125799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125799" title="Laurent-Perrier">
Laurent-Perrier

Laurent-Perrier () is a Champagne house founded in 1812 and is the main company of the Laurent-Perrier Group, whose other flagship brands include the houses of Salon, De Castellane and Delamotte. Laurent-Perrier Group also acquired Chateau Malakoff as of 2004. With over 1,200 grape growers with supply contracts, Laurent-Perrier exports to more than 120 countries.
Laurent-Perrier rose to become one of the world's best selling champagne brands as of 2005, behind only Moët et Chandon and Veuve Clicquot respectively. 
History.
Origins.
Laurent-Perrier traces its foundation to 1812 when a former cooper and bottler by the name of Alphonse Pierlot purchased two parcels of land named "Plaisances" and "La Tour Glorieux" in Tours-sur-Marne. Pierlot willed his company to his cellar master, Eugene Laurent, who ran it with his wife, Mathilde Emilie Perrier. After Eugene Laurent died in 1887 his widow, Mathilde, took control and attached her name to the company, changing it to Veuve Laurent-Perrier (veuve being the French word for widow). Veuve Mathilde led the company to great success, producing 50,000 cases of Champagne. This success was short-lived, due to the outbreak of World War I and the disruption it brought to all of France and French business. Following this catastrophe, Veuve Mathilde hired Alexander Fletcher Keith Mackenzie to introduce and market Laurent-Perrier in the United Kingdom. In 1925 Veuve Mathilde died, leaving the company to Eugenie Hortense Laurent. Due to the setbacks from World War I and the imminent outbreak of World War II, Eugenie sold the company to Mary-Louise Lanson de Nonancourt in 1939. Marie-Louise invested all she could in the company, keeping it afloat through the turmoils of war, at one point mortgaging 1,000 cases of Champagne she had hidden in a wall. Her eldest son, Maurice, died during the war in the concentration camp at Oranienburg leaving his younger brother, Bernard de Nonancourt, as the heir apparent. Upon Bernard's return from war, his mother began set about educating him on every aspect of Champagne making at the Houses of Lanson and Delamotte. In 1949 Bernard de Nonancourt became the owner of the company and saw it become one of the largest family-owned Champagne houses. The de Nonancourt family still retains majority ownership of the company to this day.
Late 20th century.
Beginning in the late 1970s, Laurent-Perrier established a series of wholly owned subsidiaries. Those subsidiaries and their years of creation are:
Relais et Chateau is an international organization which promotes particularly unique and hotel and restaurant establishments of which Laurent-Perrier became an official Champagne partner in 2001. 
In 2003 JEROBOAM Co., Ltd was created after Laurent-Perrier, Hugel and Perrin banded together with several other private French and Japanese partners. JEROBOAM is a fine wine distribution network solely for the marketing of such wines in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19125815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125815" title="Jack Talstra">
Jack Talstra

Jack Talstra (born November 3, 1946) is the former mayor of Terrace, British Columbia. He held that position from December 1985 until his loss to Dave Pernarowski in November 2008. He received the Order of Terrace in 2009 for his contributions to the local community.

</doc>
<doc id="19125827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125827" title="LeRoy F. Millette, Jr.">
LeRoy F. Millette, Jr.

LeRoy Francis Millette, Jr. (born c. 1949) is a justice of the Supreme Court of Virginia. Justice Millette was appointed to the Court by Virginia Governor Tim Kaine to fill a vacancy created by the retirement of Justice G. Steven Agee, who had been appointed to the federal 4th Circuit Court of Appeals. On February 11, 2009, Justice Millette was confirmed for a full 12 year term by the Virginia General Assembly beginning retroactive to February 1, 2009. Millette previously served for less than one year on the Court of Appeals of Virginia, also having been appointed by Gov. Kaine and then being subsequently confirmed by the General Assembly. Prior to that, he served as a judge of the Circuit Court of Prince William County, Virginia, in which position he presided over the capital murder trial of John Allen Muhammad, the infamous Beltway Sniper. Millette confirmed the jury's sentence of death of Muhammad. Millette also was involved in some of the proceedings of the Lorena Bobbitt trial in 1993. Prior to serving on the Circuit Court, Judge Millette was a General District Court Judge, making him one of only three Virginia jurists, along with Justice Lawrence L. Koontz, Jr. and Justice Barbara Milano Keenan, to have served at all four levels of courts in Virginia. He received his under graduate degree from the College of William and Mary and his law degree from the Marshall-Wythe School of Law at William and Mary. Justice Millette is married to M. Elizabeth O’Brien Millette and they have two children, Lauren Elizabeth Millette and LeRoy F. Millette III.
Gov. Kaine appointed Chesterfield Circuit Court Judge Cleo E. Powell to fill Millette's seat on the Court of Appeals. Powell is the first African-American woman to hold a seat on an appellate court in Virginia. Millette was sworn in on September 5, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19125831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125831" title="Lazy Day (The Moody Blues song)">
Lazy Day (The Moody Blues song)

"Lazy Day" is a 1969 song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues. It was written by the band's flautist Ray Thomas, although he does not play flute on this particular song. It was recorded and released in 1969 on the Moody Blues Album "On the Threshold of a Dream".
"Lazy Day" features Ray Thomas on lead vocals, and its lyrics go on to describe a typical Sunday afternoon, and includes activities like "Like to put your feet up, watch TV."
Towards the end of the verses, the lyrics "It's a crying shame. Week after week, the same," and "That's how your life goes by, until the day you die" can be heard under Ray Thomas's voice. These lyrics were sung by Justin Hayward, and describe the sad situation of the narrator's typical Sunday afternoons. Many people site this song as an example of Ray Thomas' great harmonica playing as this song features a melancholy harmonica solo that highlights the sadness of the song's last verse.

</doc>
<doc id="19125841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125841" title="Kirk Winterrowd">
Kirk Winterrowd

Kirk Winterrowd is an American video game music composer and musician, best known for his work for Origin Systems, namely several of the Ultima titles. He also served as a voice actor in .

</doc>
<doc id="19125900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125900" title="Olaf Sporns">
Olaf Sporns

Olaf Sporns (b. Kiel, West Germany) is Provost Professor in Psychological and Brain Sciences at Indiana University.
Dr. Sporns received his degree from Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen in Tübingen, West Germany before going to New York to study at the Rockefeller University under Gerald Edelman. After receiving his doctorate, he followed Edelman to the Neurosciences Institute in La Jolla, California.
His focus is in the area of computational cognitive neuroscience. His topics of study include functional integration and binding in the cerebral cortex; neural models of perception and action; network structure and dynamics; applications of information theory to the brain; and embodied cognitive science using robotics. He was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2011 in the Natural Sciences category.
Research.
One of the core areas of research being conducted by Dr. Sporns is in the area of complexity of the brain. One aspect in particular is how small world effects are seen in the neural connections which are decentralized in the brain. Research in collaboration with scientists across the world has revealed that there are pathways in the brain that are very well connected. This is insightful for understanding how the architecture of the brain may relate to schizophrenia, autism, and Alzheimer's disease.
Dr. Sporns is also interested in understanding the relationship between statistical properties of neuronal populations and perceptual data. How does an organism use and structure its environment in such a way as to achieve (statistically) complex input? To this end, he has run statistical analysis on movement patterns and input within simulations, videos, and robotic devices.
Dr. Sporns also has a research interest in reward models of the brain utilizing robots. The reward models have shown ways in which dopamine is onset by drug addiction.
Though not directly related to his core research, PC Magazine reported how the Cognitive Computational Neuroscience Lab is developing robots with human-like qualities in their ability to learn.

</doc>
<doc id="19125938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125938" title="Steve Toltz">
Steve Toltz

Steve Toltz (born in 1972 in Sydney) is an Australian novelist.
Works.
"A Fraction of the Whole", his first novel, was released in 2008 to widespread critical acclaim. It is a comic novel which tells the history of a family of Australian outcasts. The narration of the novel alternates between Jasper Dean, a philosophical, idealistic boy, who grows up throughout the novel and his father, Martin Dean, a philosopher and shut-in described at the start of the novel as "the most hated man in all of Australia". This is in contrast with Terry Dean, Jasper's uncle, whom Jasper describes as "the most beloved man in all of Australia". The novel spans the entirety of Martin's life and several years after (a range never specified in the text, but starting after World War II and ending in the early 2000s), and is set in Australia, Paris, and Thailand.
The novel has repeatedly been compared favourably to John Kennedy Toole's Pulitzer Prize winning novel "A Confederacy of Dunces". "A Fraction of the Whole" was shortlisted for the 2008 Man Booker Prize and the 2008 Guardian First Book Award.
Personal life.
Toltz attended Knox Grammar School, Killara High School and graduated from the University of Newcastle, New South Wales, in 1994. Prior to his literary career, he lived in Montreal, Vancouver, New York, Barcelona, and Paris, variously working as a cameraman, telemarketer, security guard, private investigator, English teacher, and screenwriter.
Toltz married promising French-Australian artist and painter Marie Peter-Toltz in 2005. They have one son born in 2012.
References

</doc>
<doc id="19125969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125969" title="Jim Rose (sports anchor)">
Jim Rose (sports anchor)


</doc>
<doc id="19125971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19125971" title="Yumiko Tsuzuki">
Yumiko Tsuzuki

Yumiko Tsuzuki (都築有美子 "Tsuzuki Yumiko" born May 11, 1983 in Okazaki, Aichi) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for NEC Red Rockets.
She served as captain of Toyota Auto Body Queenseis between 2007 and 2009.
On 27 June 2013 NEC Red Rockets announced her joining.

</doc>
<doc id="19126049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126049" title="Are You Sitting Comfortably? (song)">
Are You Sitting Comfortably? (song)

"Are You Sitting Comfortably?" is a 1969 song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues. It was written jointly by band members Justin Hayward and Ray Thomas. It was recorded and released in 1969 on the Moody Blues Album "On the Threshold of a Dream".
The lyrics of "Are You Sitting Comfortably?" refer heavily to the legend of King Arthur, and include direct references to Camelot, and to the characters Merlin and Guinevere, all of which are part of the legend.
The song itself is primarily driven by Justin Hayward's vocal performance and Ray Thomas's flute, which gives it a sound similar to Hayward and Thomas's collaboration, "Visions of Paradise," from the Moody Blues previous album, "In Search of the Lost Chord".

</doc>
<doc id="19126056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126056" title="Robert H. Hudson">
Robert H. Hudson

Robert Hudson (born 1938) is an American artist. He was born in Salt Lake City, Utah and grew up in Richland, Washington. He received a B.F.A in 1961 and an M.F.A. in 1963, both from the San Francisco Art Institute.
Hudson is known for his funk art assemblages, of the late 1950s and 1960s. He has also produced non-objective paintings, ceramics and large steel and bronze sculptures.
Public collections.
Several public collections hold work by Robert Hudson. They are:

</doc>
<doc id="19126058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126058" title="Negevite pottery">
Negevite pottery

Negevite pottery is the name given to a handmade ware found in Iron Age sites of the Negev desert and southern Jordan. 
It was produced from coarse clay containing straw and other organic materials. It was discovered by C. Leonard Woolley and T.E. Lawrence in the northeastern Sinai, found again by Nelson Glueck in Tell el-Kheleifeh, and at last identified by Yohanan Aharoni as the wares manufactured and used by the people of the desert. Negevite wares show some similarities with Midianite pottery bowls (in form) and with Edomite pottery (in decoration).
Negevite cylindrical vessels found at excavations of Iron Age IIA sites in the Negev Highlands represent the largest and most dominant ceramic assemblage of simple-shaped vessels discovered in Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="19126083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126083" title="Life's a Zoo">
Life's a Zoo

"Life's a Zoo" is a Canadian stop motion sitcom created by Adam Shaheen and Andrew Horne II. It is directed by Alexander Gorelick. A co-production of Cuppa Coffee Studios and Teletoon, "Life's a Zoo.tv" was named Best Animated Program or Series at the 24th Annual Gemini Awards. It premiered on September 1, 2008 on Teletoon's late night programming block, "Teletoon At Night". It premiered on Smosh's Cartoon YouTube channel, Shut Up! Cartoons on June 23, 2013.
Premise.
The show is a parody of the reality TV series "Big Brother", with a similar plot. The seven very different contestants share a mansion "Somewhere in Saskatchewan..." where they compete in challenges to avoid extinction (the show's version of disqualification), supervised by the show's host, Claude the vulture in the first season, and later Bobbie the seal in the second. Despite being eliminated, characters always come back the next episode, as "Life's a Zoo" does not use continuity, although this changes in the second season. Additionally, each episode features a specially edited music video from a different artist. The show won Best Animated Series at the Canadian Gemini Awards in 2009.
Shut Up! Cartoons.
The rights to the series were bought by Smosh to be aired on their Shut Up! Cartoons YouTube channel. Most of the show remains the same with the exception of the inclusion of "Shut Up! Cartoons" intros and outros and notably more censorship of profanity, drug references, and sexual content.

</doc>
<doc id="19126089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126089" title="M-940 20mm MPT-SD Round">
M-940 20mm MPT-SD Round

The M-940 is a 20 mm round produced by General Dynamics primarily for an anti-aircraft role. It has a range of over and a multi-purpose warhead with high explosive and incendiary effects. The round includes a red tracer to aid in targeting. The self-destruct feature engages at approx. and destroys the round, preventing it from falling back to earth and inflicting damage to the surrounding territory. The price per round is approximately $27.

</doc>
<doc id="19126149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126149" title="Vincat">
Vincat

Vincat was a Canadian three piece psychedelic pop band from Victoria, British Columbia.
Discography.
Albums.
"Hoi Polloi" -independent release 2009
"I like their older stuff better" -independent release 2005
EPs.
"Earthly Rotations" -independent release 2009
Singles.
"Werewolves" (Single) - The Aaargh Annual Aaargh Records - 2007

</doc>
<doc id="19126150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126150" title="Telomian">
Telomian

The Telomian is a breed of dingo or dog native to Malaysia. Though rare, it remains the only known Malaysian dog breed to live outside its homeland.
History.
Telomians were originally bred as vermin-controlling hunting dogs by the Orang Asli indigenous people of Malaysia. Telomians developed an unusual climbing ability, as the Orang Asli built their houses on stilts in order to avoid contact with dangerous animals on the ground. Certain cynologists have proposed that the telomian may be the missing link between the Basenji and the dingo. Although the Malayan natives kept dogs, they considered them to be nonetheless unlucky, and treacherous animals which longed for the deaths of their master. To see a feral dog was considered doubly unfortunate, as such animals were considered to be evil spirits.
They were officially discovered by the West in 1963 by anthropologist Dr Orville Elliot, who named the breed after the Telom River where he first found them. A pair of dogs was brought to the United States, with a Telomian Dog Club being established in 1970. A second pair of telomians was imported to the US in 1973 and it is believed that all Telomians in the West descend from these two domesticated pairs.
Characteristics.
The telomian is a small breed with an elongated back. The short and smooth coat can be any shade of sable, with white and ticking. A black mask is not unusual. Adults are 15-18 inches tall at the shoulder and weigh 18-28 lbs. Like the chow chow, the breed has a blue tongue. Like its close cousins, the dingo and the New Guinea Singing Dog, the telomian has a single annual estrus cycle, which peaks during September through October.

</doc>
<doc id="19126165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126165" title="Per E. Larsson">
Per E. Larsson

Per E. Larsson was head of the Sweden-based OM Group (now OMX) and served as a member of the board of Swedish Orc Software company before he became CEO of the Dubai International Financial Exchange (DIFX) on July 15, 2006.
On 1 July 2008 Jeffery Singer (former NASDAQ senior vice president) was scheduled to replace Larsson as CEO of DIFX.

</doc>
<doc id="19126192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126192" title="Min Enze">
Min Enze

Min Enze (; February, 1924 - ) is a renowned Chinese expert in petrochemical catalysis, and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) and the Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE). 
Min was born in Chengdu, Sichuan Province. He graduated from National Central University (Nanjing University/Southeast University) in 1946, majoring in chemical engineering. In 1951, he obtained his doctor's degree from Ohio State University in the United States. Min was elected an academician of CAS in 1980, a member of Third World Academy of Sciences (TWAS) in 1993, and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering in 1994. He is a senior engineer, and serves as the chairman of academic committee of the Institute of Petrochemical Science of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation (Sinopec).
Min received the State Preeminent Science and Technology Award in 2007, the most prestigious scientific prized awarded in China.

</doc>
<doc id="19126205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126205" title="Marcelo H. del Pilar National High School">
Marcelo H. del Pilar National High School

Marcelo H. del Pilar National High School is the largest secondary school in Central Luzon in terms of population. It has an average population of 13,000 students and 250 teachers. MHPNHS is one of the oldest secondary schools in the Philippines established in 1905. It offers the three curricula endorsed by the Department of Education: the Engineering and Science Education Program, the Basic Education Curriculum and the Special Program for Sports. The academic year 2010-2011 pioneers the revised curriculum of the Basic Education Curriculum and changed to Secondary Education Curriculum for freshman students.
Bulacan High School.
Bulacan High School had its beginning in the progressive town of Baliuag, where it was temporarily located early in 1902. Here a number of students, mostly boys, representing but a few towns of the province, together with a class of twenty who had made some progress in Spanish schools, were placed in a room of a private dwelling under the charge of two American teachers. It was called High School in order to induce the attendance of those pupils who had made some instruction in the instruction in Spanish "Colegios" and were unwilling to attend an elementary school under its true name. These young men being only eighty-seven members. During its short period of existence, it had accomplished much, for it had senth forth many young teachers to the province.
In 1903, there were two hundred fifty pupils, and the number of teachers was increased to seven. Among the activities of the school was the organization of a literary society.
In 1904, there were two hundred twenty-seven pupils, and six teachers. Two literary societies were organized and for the next three years were an important factor i building up the school and creating an interest in English. The pupils were classified as sections A, B, C, D, E, and F, and the work corresponded to our present fourth, fifth and sixth grades. This year plans and specifications for a new P32,000.00 High School at Malolos, Bulacan were completed and the money for the building was appropriated from the provincial funds.
In 1905, the enrollment reached two hundred sixty-six. The school was reorganized as to give the full intermediate course and the first year of the secondary course.
This marks the beginning of the High School proper. The first chorus work was done this year, and physical training and athletics were introduced in accordance with the plan of he Bureau of Education. A tennis court was made and a baseball team was organized; also the first instruction in sewing was given this year, the girls furnishing their own materials.
The Engineering and Science Education Program (ESEP).
The Engineering and Science Education Program (ESEP), formerly the Special Science Class, is a brainchild of the former Department of Education Culture and Sports Superintendent Bienvenido F. Yap. The Special Science Class formally opened in the school year 1986-1987 within three provincial high schools in Bulacan—Marcelo H. del Pilar High School, Mariano Ponce High School and San Miguel High School.
The retirement of Superintendent Bienvenido Yap also signaled the end of the implementation of the Special Science Class. Its abolition paved way for the now Engineering and Science Education Program, a new and revised science-oriented curriculum for several chosen schools.
Our School became one of the 110 ESEP networks of secondary schools nationwide selected by the Science Education Institute and the Department of Science and Technology (SEI-DOST) in coordination with the Bureau of Secondary Education, Department of Education, Culture and Sports.
The Engineering and Science Education Program (ESEP) is a science and mathematics-oriented curriculum devised for a special secondary education. It was created with the purpose of giving an education highly enriched in science and mathematics to exceptionally bright students. The MHPNHS-ESEP, with its competent faculty and staff, continues to produce competent professionals in the sciences, engineering, and mathematics and other fields. (from the student's handbook of the ESEP curriculum written by Dr. Ma. Victoria C. Vivo)
The MHPNHS-ESEP offers an education that is humanistic in spirit, global in perspective, and patriotic in orientation. It is based on an enhanced, challenging and innovative curriculum that provides an educational plan with emphasis on math, science and technology.
The MHPNHS-ESEP engenders in a student a passion for learning and shapes him to be an independent, responsible, educated and self-directed individual, working towards the realization of his dreams and so becoming a productive citizen of our country.(from the student's handbook of the ESEP curriculum written by Dr. Ma. Victoria C. Vivo)
"Implementing Policies and Guidelines"
The students shall be admitted to the program based on the following requirements:
Elementary pupils who belong to the top ten(10) of the graduating class for schools with one hundred or less pupils and ten percent (10%) of the graduating class for schools with more than one hundred(100) graduating pupils. These pupils should present a certification from the Principal that they belong to this group.
To remain in the program, the student should obtain a general average of 85% in Science, Mathematics and English and 83% in the rest of the subjects without grade lower than 80% in any grading period. Failure to meet the grade requirements shall be a cause of transfer to the regular class.
Selection shall be done in two (2 ) stages to be conducted by the school as follows:
 Stage 1 – Preliminary elimination by the school including the interview process.
 Stage 2- Written examination prepared by BSE.
Students enrolled in these schools are allowed to transfer laterally, at any curriculum year level (except in the fourth year) to another S & T Oriented (ESEP) High Schools, as long as the grade requirement is maintained.
Official Publications.
The two publications are highly respected school papers in Bulacan. The two papers and the editors are noted for its numerous distinction in the Division Schools Press Conference, the Regional Schools Press Conference and the National Schools Press Conference.
Location Map.
Aerial Map

</doc>
<doc id="19126245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126245" title="Miss Hong Kong 2008">
Miss Hong Kong 2008

Miss Hong Kong 2008 The 36th Miss Hong Kong Pageant which was televised live internationally from the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre on 19 July 2008. Twenty-two-year-old Edelweiss Cheung became the new Miss Hong Kong and the tallest Miss Hong Kong, in the history of the paeant. Skye Chan the first runner-up and replaced Edelweiss during her duties due to Edelweiss not showing up. Skye Chan represented Hong Kong in Miss World 2008, and Miss Chinese International 2009. Second runner-up Sire Ma represented Hong Kong at Miss International 2008
The Miss Hong Kong 2008 was televised live internationally over Hong Kong, Singapore, New Zealand and Australia and was broadcast by TVB.
Contestant List.
Overseas
Local
Judges.
Main Judging Panel:
Miss Photogenic judging panel:

</doc>
<doc id="19126311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126311" title="List of teams and cyclists in the 2008 Vuelta a España">
List of teams and cyclists in the 2008 Vuelta a España

The list of teams and cyclists in the 2008 Vuelta a España contains the professional road bicycle racers who compete at the 2008 Vuelta a España from August 30 to September 21, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19126314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126314" title="Eligio Echagüe">
Eligio Echagüe

Eligio Silvestre Echagüe Delgado (born 31 December 1938 in Concepción, Paraguay) is a former football defender; most commonly playing in the left-back position.
Career.
Echagüe started his career at Club Adolfo Riquelme from his hometown, Concepción. In 1947, he was transferred to Olimpia Asunción and made his debut in the first team squad in 1950. He was part of the Olimpia team that won five consecutive titles coached then by the great Aurelio González. Echagüe played for the Paraguay national football team in several occasions, most notably in the 1958 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19126338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126338" title="Fritzing">
Fritzing

Fritzing is an open source software initiative to support designers and artists ready to move from physical prototyping to actual product. It was developed at the University of Applied Sciences of Potsdam.
Goals.
The software is created in the spirit of Processing and Arduino and allows a designer, artist, researcher, or hobbyist to document their Arduino-based prototype and create a PCB layout for manufacturing. The complementary website helps to share and discuss drafts and experiences as well as to reduce manufacturing costs. In other words, they make electronic items from your design.
Fritzing can be seen as an Electronic design automation (EDA) tool for non-engineers: the input metaphor is inspired by the environment of designers (the breadboard-based prototype), the output is offering nearly no options and is focused on accessible means of production.
Component images are distributed under CC-BY-SA, which will also be the license for any generated breadboard views.

</doc>
<doc id="19126376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126376" title="Wu Zhengyi">
Wu Zhengyi

Wu Zhengyi (Chinese: 吴征镒; June 13, 1916 – June 20, 2013) was a renowned Chinese botanist and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). Wu specialized in Botanical Geography and Medicinal Botany. He is also known by the alternative spellings of 'Wu Cheng-yih', 'Wu Zheng Yi' and 'Cheng Yih Wu'.
Wu was born in Jiujiang, Jiangxi Province, and grew up in Yangzhou, Jiangsu Province. He graduated from Tsinghua University in 1937. From 1940 to 1942, he pursued his postgraduate study at Peking University, under supervision of Zhang Jingyue, then chair of the department of Biology at PKU. In 1950, Wu became a research fellow and vice director of the Botanical Institute of CAS. He was elected an academician of CAS in 1955. Wu was appointed as the director of Kunming Botanical Institute of CAS in 1958.
On January 8, 2008, Wu received the prestigious State Preeminent Science and Technology Award for 2007, the highest scientific prize awarded in China.

</doc>
<doc id="19126382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126382" title="Have You Heard (The Moody Blues song)">
Have You Heard (The Moody Blues song)

"Have You Heard" is a 1969 song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues. Written by the band's keyboardist Mike Pinder, "Have You Heard" is actually a two-part song, and both parts were recorded and released in 1969 on the Moody Blues Album "On the Threshold of a Dream".
Both parts of "Have You Heard" make up two parts of a three-part suite that concludes the album, with the first part beginning the suite and the second part ending it. The second part of this suite is an instrumental song named "The Voyage", which was also composed by Pinder.
This three-part suite is preceded by a short spoken-word prelude called "The Dream". The beginning of "The Dream" somewhat describes a typical nightmare, since the whole album's concept is about dreams. The final line of "The Dream" actually includes the album's title: "Live hand in hand, and together we'll stand on the threshold of a dream." "The Dream" was written by the Moody Blues' drummer Graeme Edge, but was recited in the recording by Pinder himself.

</doc>
<doc id="19126383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126383" title="Oceania Cup Winners' Cup">
Oceania Cup Winners' Cup

Oceania Cup Winners Cup was one of the two main Oceania tournaments for clubs, the other one is Oceania Champions League, but was only played in 1987 and Sydney City (Australia, qualified as NSL Cup winners in 1986) emerged as winners in a single match against North Shore United (New Zealand, qualified as Chatham Cup winners in 1986).
Results.
"8 March 1987, attendance: 1000"
Line-ups.
North Shore United.
Gilgrist, Loader, Ironside, Simpson, Darlington (Harding), Cole, Boath, Hobbs, Mackay, Harrison (Worsley), Hagan
Sydney City.
Gosling, Rodrigues, Robertson, O'Connor, Hooker, Lee, Souness(Parrish), McCulloch, de Marigny, Barnes, Saad (Patterson)

</doc>
<doc id="19126402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126402" title="Breckenridge-Gordon House">
Breckenridge-Gordon House

The Breckenridge-Gordon House is located at 3611 Jackson Street in Midtown Omaha, Nebraska. Built in 1905, the house was designed by Thomas Rogers Kimball for a prominent local attorney. Designated as an Omaha Landmark in 1982, the residence is located in the Gold Coast Historic District, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Designed in the Georgian Revival style, the brick structure has three stories, an elegant front porch with a pediment and embellished Ionic columns. When the original owner was killed in an automobile accident, his daughter's new husband moved into the home. The Gordons sold it in 1947, and it was converted to apartments soon afterward.

</doc>
<doc id="19126406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126406" title="Steve Dasbach">
Steve Dasbach

Steve Dasbach was the national director of the Libertarian Party of the United States from 1998 to 2002. He was chair of the Libertarian National Committee from 1993 to 1998 and national executive director from 1998-2002. In 1986, he was the Libertarian Party of Indiana candidate for Indiana's 4th Congressional District U.S. Representative receiving 602 votes for 0.4% of the vote [http://clerk.house.gov/member_info/electionInfo/1986election.pdf]. When Steve Kubby was arrested for cannabis offenses, Dasbach advocated dropping the charges. After Timothy McVeigh self-identified as a Libertarian and noted that he had voted for Harry Browne in the 1996 U.S. Presidential election, Dasbach sought to address the public relations implications of the related media coverage. He argued that the necessary reforms to prevent similar violence in the future were to prosecute government officials who commit crimes; embrace an open, vibrant political system; reject violence on principle; repeal the Omnibus Anti-Terrorism Act of 1996; and reduce the size and power of the federal government.

</doc>
<doc id="19126417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126417" title="Qara'unas">
Qara'unas

Qaraunas, (blacks or mixed) or Neguderis, or Nikudari, were a Mongol group that settled in Afghanistan and east of Iran.
Foundation.
The word Qarauna derived from Mongolian word "Kara" meaning black. At first they were subjects to Great Khan and served as "tamnas" or "tamachis" in Afghanistan. Great Khan appointed their leaders from non-Chingisid generals such as Dayir and Mungudei. In 1238, they settled near India to face military forces of Delhi Sultanate. In 1250's their leader was Sali Noyan who was a general of tatar origin. Mongols invaded India several times for booty and slaves.Muslim lords arranged that 100,000 dinars be brought to Sali Noyan by the ghulcim and in return the commander would withdraw his troops from Multan. 
Mongke Khan ordered Sali Noyan and his tamna soldiers to join Hulegu's army in 1253. In 1260, Jochid Baval, the father of Nogai Khan, was executed by the order of Hulegu Khan after taking permission from Berke who was the khan of Jochid Ulus/Golden Horde. Soon after that, Kuli and Tutar, also Golden Horde princes, died suspiciously. Golden Horde soldiers, who served for Hulgeu, feared for their lives and began to move to Kipchak Steppes via Derbent and other remnants went through Syria to Egypt. Angered, Hulegu punished many soldiers of Golden Horde for the defeat of Ain Jalut. Mongol general Baiju was executed as well. To the east, the flight of Jochid troops into Afghanistan in significant numbers led to the creation of the Negudari (Nikudari) Mongols or Qaraunas in 1262. Berke ordered general Neguder to raid eastern part of Ilkhanate. Sometimes, historians call Qara'unas as the Neguderis. This term was derived from the name of Negudar.
Qara'unas in Mongol Empire.
Although some scholars claim that this group owed allegiance to no khanate 1290s, it is known that it was largely brought under the Chagatai Khanate during the reign of Alghu in 1262. As a result of wars between Mongol khanates, Qara'unas deserted Hulegu and captured Sali bahadur. While majority of Qara'unas was ruled by Chagatai princes, their another group in Khorasan formed the eastern border defensive for Abagha Khan. He appointed former Chagatai Khan Mubarak Shah their leader.
Duwa recalled his cousin Abdullah and appointed his son Qutlugh Khwaja a governor there in 1299. The descendants of Duwa had ruled Qara'unas since then. Oljeitu reasserted his ancestors' claim on Afghanistan and repelled Qara'unas in 1314. Another Chagatai prince Yasa'ur was given lands in Afghanistan by the latter Ilkhan. Thanks to his complaisance towards both the Buyantu Ayurbawda Khan of the Yuan and the Ilkhan Oljeitu, Kebek reoccupied the territory peacefully. Esenbuqa and Tarmashirin were all military governor of Qara'unas and became Chagatai Khans. This military group had attended all Mongol invasions of India since 1241.
Rise to power and decline.
Serving under the Khans, they gained confident from them. Because qaraunas were main force for the campaigns in Persia and India. Neguderis wintered around Ghazna and summered in Ghur and Garchistan. According to Marco Polo, they were mixed with locals, because these soldiers were unable to reach Mongolia to find Mongol wives. After the death of Qazan Khan, Chagatai Khanate split into two parts until it was temporarily reunited under Tughlugh Timur (1347–1363). Chagatai Mongol fell under the control of semi-nomadic oboghs: the Arlat in the west, the Barlas in the centre, and the Jalayir in the north, and two non-tribal military groups, the Qaraunas and the Qa'uchin.
While the Mongols in Moghulistan, eastern part of the Chagatai Khanate called their western counterparts in Transaxonia Qara'unas (blacks or mixed breed), the western Chagatayid called the Mongols of Moghulistan Jete (bandits). In western part of the khanate was under the control of Qara'unas such as amir Qazaghan and his son ‘Abdullah. But Suldus and Barlas nobles revolted against their rule in 1359.
With the Mongol (Moghul) invasion in 1360, the Qarauna ascendancy failed. In 1362 Tamerlane (Temur, Timur) rejoined the Qaraunas under Qazaghan's grandson, Husayn. They freed Transaxonia from Mongols of Moghulistan, whom they considered unruly bandits in the next year. But in 1365 the Moghuls invaded again. The Qarauna and Barlas forces were defeated.
Quickly after the Khan's fail, Timur and Husayn recovered. They co-ruled Maweranhar and installed puppet khan. Husayn decided to build himself a permanent capital and urban base on the site of Balkh in Afghanistan and Turkestan, ruined since the time of Chingis, but now to be developed as an anti Samarkand.When ambitious Temur finally revolted in 1370 at the head of his coalition, Husayn had little support left and he was easily defeated and killed. Temur fully subjugated the Qara'unas in 1380s.
During the reign of Temur (d.1405), Qara'unas formed a huge part of his army. Babur noted that they still spoke Mongolian in the late 15th century.
Modern descendants.
The offspring of Qara'unas possibly forms part of Hazara people.
The Nikudari are (or were; Weiers notes that his informants were not aware of this term anymore) a population group of Afghanistan of Mongolic origin. They are distinct from them in that the Hazara don’t exhibit any Mongolic linguistic peculiarities. The Nikudari, on the other hand, used to speak Moghol which is probably extinct now. Their tribal name hails from their former military leader, Negudar, who according to Morgan was a general of the Golden Horde, but according to the research of Weiers that Morgan fails to quote was a leader of rebels against Abaqa Khan. Hazara people are reportedly descendants of them.

</doc>
<doc id="19126432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126432" title="Loxahatchee">
Loxahatchee

Loxahatchee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19126451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126451" title="Aggavamsa">
Aggavamsa

Aggavamsa of Arimaddana (modern Bagan, Burma) was the author of the Saddanīti, a grammar of the Pali language, specifically the text of the Buddhist scriptures, the Tipiṭaka. The work was completed in 1154, CE. 

</doc>
<doc id="19126479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126479" title="Law Commission of India">
Law Commission of India

Law Commission of India is an executive body established by an order of the Government of India. Its major function is to work for legal reform. Its membership primarily comprises legal experts, who are entrusted a mandate by the Government. The Commission is established for a fixed tenure and works as an advisory body to the Ministry of Law and Justice.
The first Law Commission was established during the British regime in 1834 by the "Charter Act of 1833". After that three more Commissions were established in pre-independent India. The first Law Commission of independent India was established in 1955 for a three year term. Since then Nineteen more Commissions have been established.The Nineteenth Law Commission was established on 1 September 2009 under the Chairmanship of a justice P.Venkatarama Reddy.Its tenure has been fixed till 31 August 2012.The 20th Law Commission was established in 2013 under the Chairmanship of Judge of Supreme Court D.K Jain. Its tenure has been fixed till 2015.The terms of reference of the 20th Law Commission include review/repeal obsolete law,examine the existing laws,Revise Central acts of general importance etc. In November 2013 the Centre appointed former Chief Justice of Delhi High Court Justice Ajit Prakash Shah as the New chairman of the 20th Law Commission of India in place of D.K Jain who has taken over as president National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission, Shah will have a three-year tenure and has been saddled with a wide terms of reference including one to examine existing laws from the gender equality perspective and suggest necessary amendments.
Evolution of Law Commission in India.
The origin of the first Law Commission of India lies in the diverse and often conflicting laws prevailing in the local regions and those administered by the East India Company, which was granted Royal Charters and also conferred powers by the various Indian rulers to administer and oversee the conduct of the inhabitants in the local areas where the Company exercised control. During this period of administration by the Company, two sets of laws operated in the areas; one which applied to and in relation to British citizens and the second which applied to the local inhabitants and aliens. This was considered as a major stumbling block for proper administration by the British Government during the times which is now known as the British Raj. In order to improve the law and order situation and also to ensure uniformity of legal administration, various options were looked for. Until then the British Government had been passing various enactments to deal with particular situations, such as the Prohibition of Sati in 1829 by Lord William Bentinck under the influence of Raja Ram Mohan Roy. However it was for the first time in 1833 that the idea to establish a Law Commission for a comprehensive examination of the existing legal system prevailing in the British administered areas and its overhaul was instituted.
Pre-Independence Law Commissions of India.
The First Law Commission was established in 1834 by the British Government under the Chairmanship of Lord Macaulay. It suggested various enactments to the British Government, most of which were passed and enacted and are still in force in India. Few of the most important recommendations made by this First Law Commission were those on, "Indian Penal Code" (first submitted in 1837 but enacted in 1860 and still in force), "Criminal Procedure Code" (enacted in 1898, repealed and succeeded by the "Criminal Procedure Code of 1973"), etc. Thereafter three more Law Commissions were established which made a number of other recommendations the "Indian Evidence Act" (1872) and "Indian Contract Act" (1872), etc. being some of the significant ones. The contribution of these Law Commissions can be enumerated as under;
A Two-member Viceroy's Executive Council (composed of Sir Henry Maine and Sir James Fitzjames Stephen) also worked on the side-lines of the Law Commissions and ensured the passage of the following noteworthy laws;
Law Commissions in Independent India.
The tradition of pursuing law reform through the medium of a Law Commission was continued in post-independent India. The first law commission in Independent India was established in 1955 and since then seventeen more law commissions have been established. Each of these Commissions have been chaired by a prominent legal personality in India and has made a significant contribution to the legal diaspora of India. The contribution of the each of these Commissions has been enumerated below.
First Law Commission.
The first Law Commission of independent India was established in 1955. The Chairman of this Commission was Mr. M. C. Setalvad, who was also the First Attorney General of India. The term of this Commission was established as three years (which by convention has been followed till date) and this Commission submitted its last report on 16 September 1958. The reports submitted by the First Law Commission of India are as under;
Second Law Commission.
The Second Law Commission was established in 1958 under the Chairmanship of Justice T. V. Venkatarama Aiyar. It stayed in office till 1961. It presented the following reports;
Third Law Commission.
The Third Law Commission was established in 1961 under the Chairmanship of Justice J. L. Kapur. It stayed in office till 1964. It presented the following reports;
Fourth Law Commission.
The Fourth Law Commission was established in 1964 and was again under the Chairmanship of Justice J. L. Kapur. It stayed in office till 1968. It presented the following reports;
Fifth Law Commission.
The Fifth Law Commission was established in 1968 under the Chairmanship of Mr. K. V. K. Sundaram. It stayed in office till 1971. It presented the following reports;
Sixth Law Commission.
The Sixth Law Commission was established in 1971 under the Chairmanship of Justice P. B. Gajendragadkar. It stayed in office till 1974. It presented the following reports;
Seventh Law Commission.
The Seventh Law Commission was established in 1974 again under the Chairmanship of Justice P. B. Gajendragadkar. It stayed in office till 1977. It presented the following reports;
Eighth Law Commission.
The Eighth Law Commission was established in 1977 under the Chairmanship of Justice H. R. Khanna. It stayed in office till 1979. It presented the following reports;
Ninth Law Commission.
The Ninth Law Commission was established in 1979 under the Chairmanship of Justice P. V. Dixit. It stayed in office till 1980. It presented the following reports;
Tenth Law Commission.
The Tenth Law Commission was established in 1981 under the Chairmanship of Justice K. K. Mathew. It stayed in office till 1985. It presented the following reports;
Eleventh Law Commission.
The Eleventh Law Commission was established in 1985 under the Chairmanship of Justice D. A. Desai. It stayed in office till 1988. It presented the following reports;
Twelfth Law Commission.
The Twelfth Law Commission was established in 1988 under the Chairmanship of Justice M. P. Thakkar. It stayed in office till 1989. It presented the following reports;
Thirteenth Law Commission.
The Thirteenth Law Commission was established in 1991 under the Chairmanship of Justice K. N. Singh. It stayed in office till 1994. It presented the following reports;
Fourteenth Law Commission.
The Fourteenth Law Commission was established in 1995 under the Chairmanship of Justice K. Jayachandra Reddy. It stayed in office till 1997. It presented the following reports;
Fifteenth Law Commission.
The Fifteenth Law Commission was established in 1997 under the Chairmanship of Justice B. P. Jeevan Reddy. It stayed in office till 2000. It presented the following reports;
Sixteenth Law Commission.
The Sixteenth Law Commission was established in 2000. For the period till 2001 Justice B. P. Jeevan Reddy continued as the Chairman of the Commission while in the period between 2002 to 2003 the Commission worked under the Chairmanship of Justice M. Jagannadha Rao. It presented the following reports;
Seventeenth Law Commission.
The Seventeenth Law Commission was established in 2003 and continued to be under the Chairmanship of Justice M. Jagannadha Rao. It stayed in office till 2006. It presented the following reports;
Eighteenth Law Commission.
The Eighteenth Law Commission of India was established on 1 September 2006 and continued till 31 August 2009. Justice M. Jagannadha Rao continued to serve as the Chairman of the Commission until 28 May 2007 on which date Justice A. R. Lakshmanan was appointed as the Chairman of the Commission. It presented the following reports;
Nineteenth Law Commission.
The nineteenth Law Commission of India's Chairman was Chairman Mr. Justice P. V. Reddi, 2009-2012 of 19th Law Comiission. 
Twentieth Law Commission.
Justice D. K. Jain, Judge, Supreme Court of India, will be the Chairman of the Twentieth Law Commission of India. The appointment of Justice Jain will be effective from any day after 24 January 2013 on his retirement from the Supreme Court.
A. Review/Repeal of obsolete laws:
(i) Identify laws which are no longer needed or relevant and can be immediately repealed. 
(ii) Identify laws which are not in harmony with the existing climate of economic liberalization and need change.
(iii) Identify laws which otherwise require changes or amendments and to make suggestions for their amendment. 
(iv) Consider in a wider perspective the suggestions for revision/amendment given by Expert Groups in various Ministries/Departments with a view to coordinating and harmonising them. 
(v) Consider references made to it by Ministries/ Departments in respect of legislation having bearing on the working of more than one Ministry/ Department.
(vi) Suggest suitable measures for quick redressal of citizens grievances, in the field of law. 
(i) Examine the Laws which affect the poor and carry out post-audit for socio-economic legislations.
(ii) Take all such measures as may be necessary to harness law and the legal process in the service of the poor. 
C. Keep under review the system of judicial administration to ensure that it is responsive to the reasonable demands of the times and in particular to secure:
(i) elimination of delays, speedy clearance of arrears and reduction in costs so as to secure quick and economical disposal of cases without affecting the cardinal principle that decisions should be just and fair. 
(ii) simplification of procedure to reduce and eliminate technicalities and devices for delay so that it operates not as an end in itself but as a means of achieving justice. 
(iii) improvement of standards of all concerned with the administration of justice. 
D. Examine the existing laws in the light of Directive Principles of State Policy and to suggest ways of improvement and reform and also to suggest such legislations as might be necessary to implement the Directive Principles and to attain the objectives set out in the Preamble to the Constitution. 
E. Examine the existing laws with a view for promoting gender equality and suggesting amendments thereto.
F. Revise the Central Acts of general importance so as to simplify them and to remove anomalies, ambiguities and inequities. 
G. Recommend to the Government measure for making the statue book up to date by repealing obsolete laws and enactments or parts thereof which have outlived their utility.
H. Consider and to convey to the Government its views on any subject relating to law and judicial administration that may be specifically referred to it by the Government through Ministry of Law and Justice (Department of Legal Affairs).
I. Consider the requests for providing research to any foreign countries as may be referred to it by the Government through Ministry of Law & Justice (Department of Legal Affairs).
J. Examine the impact of globalization on food security, unemployment and recommend measures for the protection of the interests of the marginalized.
Working of the Law Commission.
The Law Commission works in close co-ordination and under the general instruction of Ministry of Law and Justice. It generally acts as the initiation point for law reform in the country. Internally, the Law Commission works in a research-oriented manner. Employing a number of research analysts (and even law students from 2007), the Commission works upon the assigned agenda and primarily comes up with research based reports, often conclusive and recommendatory. The permanent members of the Commission generally are responsible for framing the exact topic and reference to work upon and often takes the services of eminent law experts and jurists who are familiar with the matter under review. These experts may either work part-time with the Commission or may have been requested to contribute to specific reports or issues under review.
According to the Commission's website, the Commission's regular staff consists of about a dozen research personnel of different ranks and varied experiences with a small group of secretarial staff looks after the administration side of the Commission's operations and the internal functioning of the Commission can be described as a process with the following stages;
Once the Report is submitted to the Ministry of Law and Justice, the task of the Commission ends unless it is required to rework upon identified areas of provide clarifications by the Government on the report submitted. Upon receipt of the Report, it is the responsible for follow-up action on the recommendations made by the Commission in the Report. Generally the Ministry of Law and Justice forwards the Report with its remarks to other relevant Ministries in the Government of India and seeks from them their opinion on the relevance of the recommendation and finalizes with them the manner of implemendation of these recommendations. When the proposals are cleared by the various Ministries and approved by the Cabinet, the Ministry of Law and Justice goes for drafting of the implementing legislation or follows the draft submitted by the Law Commission (which usually is the case) and presents the same for approval before the Parliament.
Role of Law Commission in legal reform in India.
The Law Commission of India, though an ad hoc body, has been key to law reform in India. Its role has been both advisory and critical of the government's policies. The Supreme Court of India and academia have recognized the commission as pioneering and prospective. In a number of decisions, the Supreme Court has referred to the work done by the commission and followed its recommendations. The fact that the chairman of the commission is generally a retired judge of the Supreme Court has helped the prominence of the commission.
The recommendations of the commission are not binding on the government. "They are recommendations. They may be accepted or rejected. Action on the said recommendations depends on the ministries/departments, which are concerned with the subject matter of the recommendations." This has resulted in a number of important and critical recommendations not being implemented. The commission, however, has continued to work upon its assigned tasks.
The power vested in the commission to "suo motu" take up matters for discussion and submit recommendations has also worked well to the advantage of India's legal system. The history of the commission is replete with such recommendations which have been made in the wake of the hour and where the law has needed change. Further, the commission has been often returned to review its earlier reports in the wake of changed scenarios and the aptness of law in such situations. Euthanasia and related issues, in particular, has been one such area where the commission has been relook the situation at least three times, with the latest being its 196th report on the topic.
Besides the Law Ministry, the commission has also been requested to work upon specific issues and submit its views by the Supreme Court on various occasions. The latest in regard has been the 205th report of the commission which has been prepared in view of the Supreme Court's request for assistance in determination of "certain legal issues relating to child marriage, and the different ages at which a person is defined as a child in different laws." The report stirred a public debate in India for recommending "inter alia", a reduction in marriage age of boys to be at par with girls at 18, instead of the long continuing 21 and 18 respectively.
With all its past and present works being continuously provided on the internet, the commission has also provided a firm assistance to legal research in the country. The fact that a number of its reports have been taken receptively by the various ministries and have been worked upon to change the legal scenario, is itself an indicator sufficient enough of the role of the commission in furtherance of law reform in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19126489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126489" title="Mozambique rule">
Mozambique rule

The Moçambique rule, or (to adopt an anglicised form of spelling) Mozambique rule, is a common law rule in private international law. The rule renders actions relating to title in foreign land, the right to possession of foreign land, and trespass to foreign land non-justiciable in common law jurisdictions. It was established in 1893 by the House of Lords decision in "British South Africa Co v. Companhia de Moçambique" AC 602.
Essentially, it is a self-imposed rule to limit jurisdiction in respect of actions relating to:
In "Hesperides Hotels v Muftizade" AC 508, Lord Wilberforce referred to the ruling in "Mozambique" in the following terms:
"Subject to exceptions hereafter mentioned, the court has no jurisdiction to entertain an action for (1) the determination of title to, or the right to the possession of, any immovable situate out of England (foreign land); or (2) the recovery of damages for trespass to such immovable." 
Although, under section 30 of the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 "the jurisdiction of any court in England and Wales or Northern Ireland to entertain proceedings for trespass to, or any other tort affecting, immovable property shall extend to cases in which the property in question is situated outside that part of the United Kingdom unless the proceedings are principally concerned with a question of the title to, or the right to possession of, that property." 
History of the Rule.
The decision in "British South Africa Co v Companhia de Moçambique" was based exclusively on the historical development of the circumstances in which, and reasons for which, a court in England would take jurisdiction to hear any matter. 
In the 12th and early 13th centuries, the jury in both civil and criminal matters performed a role that resembles the modern day witness rather than as judges of fact. In particular, there was a requirement that the jury had to be drawn from the particular locality (e.g. village) from which the cause of action had arisen. This was based on the assumption that people from that locality are acquainted with the facts in the case from their personal knowledge. Therefore, it was important for the parties to the action to specify the venue or place at which the event occurred so that the Sheriff can summon the jury from that place. Law of Henry I (1100–1135) for instance, declared that juries from other than the venue stated were not to be permitted in any circumstances. 
At the end of 13th century or the beginning of the 14th century, due to the increasing sophistication of transactions and dispositions, this rule caused considerable inconvenience. This was especially so when the facts alleged occurred partly in one locality and partly in another. To resolve this problem, courts at that time began to differentiate between "local" and "transitory" actions. 
Local actions were one in which the facts relied on by the plaintiff had a necessary connection with a particular place (e.g. action for ejectment from land). 
Transitory actions (such as breach of contract or trespass to the person) had no such necessary connection. 
In the early development of the law relating to transitory actions, the rule was loosened so that the plaintiff may specify the venue in any county he/she desired. However, this led to abuses and in the 15th century, the statutes of Richard II and Henry IV reimposed strict requirements of laying the correct venue. However, the effects of these statutes was diminished by the use of a legal fiction (e.g. allegation that the "foreign place" was situated in the London parish of St. Marylebone). This legal fiction was developed as the courts realised the advantages of taking jurisdiction over mercantile matters which might have arisen outside of England. 
This development led to a distinction between local and transitory actions. With transitory actions, venue remained only a limitation on the verbal formula by which the plaintiff might frame a cause of action. However, with local actions, the requirement of the plaintiff laying the correct venue remained. 
This strict distinction remained despite the fact that by the 16th century, the role of juries was changed. Juries had become triers of fact and the practice of laying sworn testimony of witnesses had become general. The juries, however, still had to be drawn from the county in which the venue was laid. If the matter had arisen outside of England (i.e. a foreign locality), the legal fictions employed in transitory actions were not applicable, and so jury could be summoned to try the facts in issue. The matter could not be heard. For example in "Skinner v East India Co 6 St Tr 710", the House of Lords in 1666, held that actions relating to ships and trespass to the person could be determined in courts in England because they were transitory in nature. But actions for dispossession of house and island, was not relievable in courts of England because they are local in nature. 
In 1873, the Judicature Act abolished r 28 of the Rules of the Court. This meant that there was no need for a local venue to be laid. However, this change raised some issues. In particular, R H Collins argued that the legislative change might remove the disability of the English courts in relation to local actions, especially where the parties were domiciled in England. In the Court of Appeal in the Mozambique case, a majority (Fry and Lopes LJJ, Lord Esher dissenting) took a similar view of the effect of that Act. Fry LJ considered that the issue of jurisdiction in actions relating to land outside England could be resolved in two parts: Firstly, if the matter were requiring adjudication as to title, the court could not take jurisdiction, since it would have no power to ensure the execution of its order. Secondly, if the issue related to no more than trespass to foreign land, and judgment might be given by way of an award of damages against the defendant, the only bar to the exercise by the English court of jurisdiction was the technical one that the action was a local one for which a local venue was required to be laid. Therefore, Fry LJ concluded that due to the abolition of local venues by the Act, there was nothing to prevent the court from taking jurisdiction. 
But this argument was rejected by Lord Hershell LC in the House of Lords. Lord Hershell LC said: “The grounds upon which the courts have refused to exercise jurisdiction in actions of trespass to land situate abroad were substantial and not technical, and that the rules of procedure under the Judicature Acts have not conferred a jurisdiction which did not exist before”. 
Even though the courts have many opportunities to overturn the rule, they have refused to do so. Vinelott J in "Tyburn Productions v Conan Doyle" reasoned that it was too late for the courts to overturn the distinctions between local and transitory actions because it is settled. Vinelott J also reasoned that the grounds to which the courts have hitherto refused to exercise jurisdiction in actions of trespass to land situated abroad was substantial and not technical, and that the distinction was not accordingly affected by the Judicature Acts.

</doc>
<doc id="19126491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126491" title="The Voyage (song)">
The Voyage (song)

"The Voyage" is an instrumental song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues. It is the second song in a three-part suite that concludes their 1969 album "On the Threshold of a Dream". "The Voyage" was composed by Mike Pinder, who was inspired to write it by Strauss' "Also Sprach Zarathustra".
On the album, "The Voyage" is between both parts of the song "Have You Heard." The instrumental piece includes instruments such as cello, flute, mellotron, organ, and piano.
The Voyage by Johnny Duhan.
Galway based singer songwriter Johnny Duhan former member of Grannie's Intentions has also written a song entitled "The Voyage"
This song has been covered innumerable times but most notably by Christy Moore. The song has become a favourite at weddings as in Duhan's version the voyage is that of marriage. The chorus " When we started the voyage there was just me and you, now look around us we have our own crew" has come to celebrate and represent not only the union but the raising of a family.
You can hear an exclusive interview with Johnny and a performance of his song "The Voyage" at http://www.podcasts.ie/featured-musicians/johnny-duhan/

</doc>
<doc id="19126496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126496" title="Manuloc">
Manuloc

Manuloc was the first French company to offer full service contracts for maintenance of forklifts fleet in 1964, after a business trip of its founding leader Mr. VERPILLEUX in USA.
Manuloc is a group of French service businesses specializing in handling trades:
distribution activity,
counseling expertise multi marks,
park maintenance equipment and industrial vehicles,
operating logistics,
Manuloc is also present in 9 other countries (Belgium, Luxembourg, Poland, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Turkey, Czech Republic, Switzerland)
In 2010, Manuloc has approximately 1200 employees with its subsidiaries Manuloc FMS, BFC, Dimatec, MAC 2, Sermat, Manuloc Alsace and Hyster Distribution, Philippe Manutention. It also owns stakes in companies Multiparts, Kim, Makolift.

</doc>
<doc id="19126506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126506" title="Japanese cyberpunk">
Japanese cyberpunk

Japanese Cyberpunk is a genre of underground film produced in Japan starting in the 1980s. It bears some resemblance to the high-tech and scientific Cyberpunk as understood in the West, however differs in its representation of industrial and metallic imagery and an incomprehensible narrative. The genre is primarily defined by the movie "".
Style.
Japanese Cyberpunk generally involves the characters, especially the protagonist, going through monstrous, incomprehensible metamorphoses in an industrial setting. Many of these films have scenes that fall into the experimental film genre; they often involve purely abstract or visual sequences that may or may not relate to the characters and plot. Recurring themes include: mutation, technology, dehumanization, repression and sexual deviance.
Precursors.
"Burst City", since its release in 1982, has had a strong effect on the underground Japanese film scene. This starred Shigeru Izumiya, who would, four years later, go on to direct his own Cyberpunk film, "Death Powder", in 1986. "The Phantom of Regular Size" was ""'s precursor, a 1986 short by Shinya Tsukamoto. He himself expanded this a feature-length film three years later, in 1989.
Core films.
Some defining films in the genre include:
Peripheral films.
Related films include:
Anime, manga, novels, video games.
Cyberpunk is a common genre in anime, manga, Japanese novels, and Japanese video games.

</doc>
<doc id="19126514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126514" title="Liu Dongsheng">
Liu Dongsheng

Liu Dongsheng (Chinese: 刘东生; 1917–2008) is a Chinese geologist and archaeologist. He was a professor at the department of Chemistry, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China
Liu was elected an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) in 1980, and a member of the Third World Academy of Sciences (TWAS) in 1991. In 2002, he was the recipient of Tyler Prize for Environmental Achievement. In 2003, Liu received the prestigious State Preeminent Science and Technology Award, the highest scientific prize awarded in China.

</doc>
<doc id="19126521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126521" title="DDR4 SDRAM">
DDR4 SDRAM

In computing, DDR4 SDRAM, an abbreviation for double data rate fourth generation synchronous dynamic random-access memory, is a type of synchronous dynamic random-access memory (SDRAM) with a high bandwidth ("double data rate") interface, expected to be released to the market sometime in 2014. It is one of the latest variants of dynamic random access memory (DRAM), some of which have been in use since the early 1970s, and a proposed higher-speed successor to the DDR2 and DDR3 technologies. It is not compatible with any earlier type of random access memory (RAM) due to different signaling voltages, physical interface and other factors.
Benefits.
Its primary benefits compared to DDR3, are that it includes faster clock frequencies and data transfer rates. It supports 2133–4266 MT/s (million transfers per second) compared to DDR3's 800 to 2133 MT/s and lower voltage (1.05–1.2 V for DDR4, compared to 1.2–1.65 V for DDR3) with current remaining the same. Switched memory banks are also an anticipated option for servers.
Development and market history.
Standards body JEDEC began working on a successor to DDR3 around 2005, about 2 years before the launch of DDR3 in 2007. The high-level architecture of DDR4 was planned for completion in 2008.
Some advance information was published in 2007, and a guest speaker from Qimonda provided further public details in a presentation at the August 2008 San Francisco Intel Developer Forum (IDF). DDR4 was described as involving a 30 nm process at 1.2 volts, with bus frequencies of 2133 MT/s "regular" speed and 3200 MT/s "enthusiast" speed, and reaching market in 2012, before transitioning to 1 volt in 2013.
Subsequently, further details were revealed at MemCon 2010, Tokyo (a computer memory industry event), at which a presentation by a JEDEC director titled "Time to rethink DDR4" with a slide titled "New roadmap: More realistic roadmap is 2015" led some websites to report that the introduction of DDR4 was probably or definitely delayed until 2015. However, DDR4 test samples were announced in line with the original schedule in early 2011 at which time manufacturers began to advise that large scale commercial production and release to market was scheduled for 2012.
DDR4 was expected to represent 5% of the DRAM market in 2013, and to reach mass market adoption and 50% market penetration around 2015; as of 2013, however, adoption of DDR4 has been delayed and it is no longer expected to reach a majority of the market until 2016 or later. The transition from DDR3 to DDR4 is thus taking longer than the approximately 5 years taken for DDR3 to achieve mass market transition over DDR2. In part, this is because changes required to other components would affect all other parts of computer systems, which would need to be updated to work with DDR4.
In February 2009, Samsung validated 40 nm DRAM chips, considered a "significant step" towards DDR4 development since in 2009, DRAM chips were only beginning to migrate to a 50 nm process. In January 2011, Samsung announced the completion and release for testing of a 2 GB DDR4 DRAM module based on a process between 30 and 39 nm. It has a maximum data transfer rate of 2133 MT/s at 1.2 V, uses pseudo open drain technology (adapted from graphics DDR memory) and draws 40% less power than an equivalent DDR3 module.
Three months later in April 2011, Hynix announced the production of 2 GB DDR4 modules at 2400 MT/s, also running at 1.2 V on a process between 30 and 39 nm (exact process unspecified), adding that it anticipated commencing high volume production in the second half of 2012. Semiconductor processes for DDR4 are expected to transition to sub-30 nm at some point between late 2012 and 2014.
In May 2012 Micron announced it is aiming at starting production in late 2012 of 30 nm modules.
In July 2012, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., announced that it has begun sampling the industry's first 16 GB registered dual inline memory modules (RDIMMs) using DDR4 SDRAM for enterprise server systems.
In September 2012 JEDEC released the final specification of DDR4.
Market perception and prospects.
In April 2013, a news writer at International Data Group (IDG) – an American technology research business originally part of IDC – produced an analysis of their perceptions related to DDR4 SDRAM. The conclusions were that the increasing popularity of mobile computing and other devices using slower but low powered memory, the slowing of growth in the traditional desktop computing sector, and the consolidation of the memory manufacturing marketplace, meant that margins on RAM were tight. As a result the looked-for premium pricing used for initial profitability when introducing new technology to the marketplace, was harder to achieve, and capacity had shifted to other sectors; SDRAM manufacturers and chipset creators were, to an extent, "stuck between a rock and a hard place" where, according to iSupply, "Nobody wants to pay a premium for DDR4 products, and manufacturers don't want to make the memory if they are not going to get a premium". A switch in market sentiment towards desktop computing and release of chipsets having DDR4 support by Intel and AMD could therefore potentially lead to "aggressive" growth.
Implementations.
AMD will begin supporting DDR4 with the Hierofalcon SOC in 2014. Similarly, Intel's 2014 Haswell-E roadmap revealed the company's first use of DDR4 SDRAM in Haswell-E CPU.
Technical description.
The new chips will use a 1.2 V supply with a 2.5 V auxiliary supply for wordline boost called VPP, versus the standard 1.5 V of DDR3 chips, with lower voltage variants at 1.05 V appearing in 2013. DDR4 is expected to be introduced at transfer rates of 2133 MT/s, estimated to rise to a potential 4266 MT/s by 2013. The minimum transfer rate of 2133 MT/s was said to be due to progress made in DDR3 speeds which, being likely to reach 2133 MT/s, left little commercial benefit to specifying DDR4 below this speed. Techgage interpreted Samsung's January 2011 engineering sample as having CAS latency of 13 clock cycles, described as being comparable to the move from DDR2 to DDR3.
Internal banks are increased to 16 (4 bank select bits), with up to 8 ranks per DIMM.
Protocol changes include:
Increased memory density is anticipated, possibly using TSV ("through-silicon via") or other 3D stacking processes.
The DDR4 specification will include standardized 3D stacking "from the start" according to JEDEC, with provision for up to dies. X-bit Labs predicted that "as a result DDR4 memory chips with very high density will become relatively inexpensive". Prefetch remains at 8n with bank groups, including the use of two or four selectable bank groups.
Switched memory banks are also an anticipated option for servers.
In 2008, concerns were raised in the book "Wafer Level 3-D ICs Process Technology" that non-scaling analog elements such as charge pumps and voltage regulators, and additional circuitry "have allowed significant increases in bandwidth but they consume much more die area". Examples include CRC error-detection, on-die termination, burst hardware, programmable pipelines, low impedance, and increasing need for sense amps (attributed to a decline in bits per bitline due to low voltage). The authors noted that as a result, the amount of die used for the memory array itself has declined over time from 70–78% with SDRAM and DDR1, to 47% for DDR2, to 38% for DDR3 and potentially to less than 30% for DDR4.
The specification defined standards for x4, x8, x16 memory devices with capacities of 2, 4, 8, 16Gib.
Command encoding.
Although it still operates in fundamentally the same way, DDR4 makes one major change to the command formats used by previous SDRAM generations. A new command signal /ACT is low to indicate the activate (open row) command.
The activate command requires more address bits than any other (18 row address bits in an 8 Gb part), so the standard /RAS, /CAS and /WE signals are shared with high-order address bits that are not used when /ACT is high. The combination of /RAS=L, /CAS=H and /WE=H that previously encoded an activate command is unused.
As in previous SDRAM encodings, A10 is used to select command variants: auto-precharge on read and write commands, and one bank vs all banks for the precharge command. It also selects two variants of the ZQ calibration command.
In addition, A12 is used to request "burst chop": truncation of an 8-transfer burst after 4 transfers. Although the bank is still busy and unavailable for other commands until 8 transfer times have elapsed, a different bank can be accessed.
Also, the number of bank addresses has been increased greatly. There are 4 bank select bits to select up to 16 banks within each DRAM: 2 bank address bits (BA0, BA1), and 2 bank group bits (BG0, BG1). There are additional timing restrictions when accessing banks within the same bank group; it is faster to access a bank in a different bank group.
In addition, there are 3 chip select signals (C0, C1, C2), allowing up to 8 stacked chips to be placed inside a single DRAM package. These effectively act as three more bank select bits, bringing the total to 7 (128 possible banks).
Note: x bits are "don't care", but must be at a valid voltage level, either 0 or 1.
Standard transfer rates are 1600, 1866, 2133 and 2400 MT/s. (12/15, 14/15, 16/15 and 18/15 GHz clock speeds, double data rate.) 2666 and 3200 MT/s (20/15 and 24/15 GHz clock speeds) are provided for, but the specifications are not yet complete.
Design considerations.
Some key points for IC and PCB design were identified by the DDR4 team at Micron Technology:
IC design:
Circuit board design:
Module packaging.
DDR4 memory comes in a 288-pin DIMM modules, similar to a 240-pin DDR-2/DDR-3 DIMM. The pins are spaced more closely (0.85 mm instead of 1.0) to fit more within the standard DIMM width, the height is increased slightly ( instead of ) to make signal routing easier, and the thickness is increased (to 1.2 mm from 1.0) to accommodate more signal layers.
DDR4 SO-DIMMs have 256 pins (rather than 204), spaced closer (0.5 mm rather than 0.6), and are 1.0 mm wider (68.6 mm rather than 67.6), but retain the same 30 mm height.

</doc>
<doc id="19126554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126554" title="Healthy Kids School Canteen Association">
Healthy Kids School Canteen Association

Healthy Kids School Canteen Association (Healthy Kids SCA) is a not-for-profit, non-government, health promotion charity based in Sydney, Australia. The stated aim of the organisation is to: "“Promote and facilitate the provision of a nutritious and healthy food service in school canteens”" as a means of preventing diet related diseases in children at school and to lay the foundation for a healthy future.
Memberships.
Memberships in Healthy Kids SCA confare a range of benefits including:
Collaborations.
Collaboration between Educating NZ and Healthy Kids SCA.
The education consultancy group "Educating NZ" is collaborating with Healthy Kids SCA in a New Zealand Ministry of Health funded project to support the implementation of the Food and Beverage Classification System in schools and early childhood education services.
NSW Healthy School Canteen Strategy.
In response to the 2002 Childhood Obesity Summit, former Premier of New South Wales Bob Carr launched the "Fresh Tastes NSW Healthy School Canteen Strategy". Healthy Kids SCA has become a key partner of the Ministry of Health in developing this plan. The strategy is to develop a taste for healthier foods by promoting and featuring healthier menu options while limiting the availability of less nutritious foods.
There has been a relapse as many school canteens have returned to offering junk food or pupils have started buying fast food outside the school. The association has developed policies intended to counter these trends including a takeover of provision of food in some schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19126579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126579" title="Greensboro Review">
Greensboro Review

The Greensboro Review is a literary magazine, based at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro in Greensboro, North Carolina. It publishes fiction, poetry and creative non-fiction on a quarterly basis. Work from the journal is featured in such anthologies as New Stories from the South, the O. Henry Prize Stories, and the Best American Short Stories. The journal was founded by poet Robert Watson in 1969 and is edited by Jim Clark. 
The "Review" awards the Robert Watson Literary Prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="19126582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126582" title="David Toscano">
David Toscano

David J. Toscano (born June 28, 1950) is an American politician and lawyer. A Democrat, he served on the Charlottesville, Virginia city council 1990–2002 and was mayor 1994–96. In November 2005 he was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates, replacing Mitchell Van Yahres. He the 57th district, made up of the city of Charlottesville and part of Albemarle County. In November 2011, Toscano was elected House Minority Leader.

</doc>
<doc id="19126608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126608" title="Oxalis albicans">
Oxalis albicans

Oxalis albicans, commonly known as radishroot woodsorrel, is a perennial herb in the Oxalidaceae family, native to western and central North America.
Distribution.
"Oxalis albicans" is native to the West Coast, southern Midwestern, and Southwestern United States; Northern Mexico; and British Columbia, Canada.
In California the species grows in chaparral, coastal sage scrub, and other habitats, from sea level to elevations of . The plant is found in the California Coast Ranges, Sierra Nevada, Transverse Ranges, Peninsular Ranges, and other regions of the state.
Subspecies.
Currently named subspecies include:
Former subspecies.
Currently named "Oxalis" species, that were former "Oxalis albicans" subspecies, include:

</doc>
<doc id="19126614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126614" title="Louis Magnus">
Louis Magnus

Louis Magnus (25 May 1881 in Kingston, Jamaica - 1 November 1950) was an ice skater. He competed as a figure skater representing France. He is considered as the builder of the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF).
He moved to France in 1889.
Magnus competed as a figure skater in the disciplines of single skating and pair skating in France. He was the 1908-1911 French national champion in singles, and the 1912 national champion in pairs with partner Anita Del Monte. He worked as a figure skating judge for France at many international events. 
He was the first IIHF president from 1908 to 1912 and then in 1914.
He wrote "Les sports d'hiver" with Renaud de la Fregeolière in 1911.
In 1997, he was inducted in the IIHF Hall of Fame.
The French ice hockey league (Ligue Magnus) and its trophy (Coupe Magnus) are named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19126622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126622" title="1987 Sun Bowl">
1987 Sun Bowl

The 1987 John Hancock Sun Bowl was the 54th annual Sun Bowl games. The contest featured the West Virginia Mountaineers and the 11th ranked Oklahoma State Cowboys. 
Oklahoma State edged out West Virginia, 35-33. The game was decided with 1:13 to play.
It was arguably one of the most entertaining games of the 1987-88 bowl season. The game was played on snowy, cold Christmas Day of 1987 before a crowd of 43,240 in front of a CBS national television audience. 
The game featured West Virginia's exciting new quarterback Major Harris, who had defeated Browning Nagle in the offseason for the Mountaineers' starting quarterback position. It was also the final college game for Oklahoma State running back Thurman Thomas, who would go on to a Hall of Fame NFL career. Oklahoma State also featured tailback Barry Sanders.
The game featured a lot of offense, with teams trading touchdowns in the first quarter. Cowboys quarterback Mike Gundy and wide receiver Hart Lee Dykes completed a long pass off of a flea flicker to set up a 5-yard touchdown by Thomas. West Virginia's Anthony "A.B." Brown answered with a touchdown to tie the game at 7-7. Thomas would score again on a 9-yard run to take a 14-7 lead for Oklahoma State.
West Virginia, however, would then score 17 unanswered points in the second quarter. West Virginia's Brown would score on a 5-yard run to tie the game at 14, and the Mountaineers would extend their lead to 17-14 on a Charlie Baumann field goal. West Virginia defensive lineman Darnell Warren intercepted Mike Gundy to extend the Mountaineer lead to 24-14 at the end of the first half.
OSU reverted to Thomas to begin the second half, and he carried the ball six consecutive times, marching the Cowboys 56 yards down the field and scoring from 5 yards out to pull the Cowboys to within three at 24-21. 
West Virginia would answer with a Baumann field goal to extend the lead to 27-21. Oklahoma State took at 28-27 lead with 1:43 left in the third quarter, by virtue of a six-yard touchdown pass from Gundy to J.R. Dillard.
Thomas's dominance continued in the fourth quarter, as he capped a 13-play, 74-yard OSU drive with his fourth touchdown of the game, giving Oklahoma State a 35-27 lead with time running out in the fourth quarter.
With just 1:13 remaining, West Virginia's Craig Taylor scored a touchdown on a 6-yard run to pull the game to within two. West Virginia attempted to tie the game on a two-point conversion attempt. West Virginia quarterback Harris completed his two-point attempt pass to tight end Keith Winn, but Winn was tackled just shy of the goal line by Oklahoma State's Shawn Mackey.
With the win, Oklahoma State finished its season 10-2, lost only to No. 1 Oklahoma and No. 5 Nebraska. Thurman Thomas was named the C.M. Hendricks Most Valuable Player, while Sanders would go on to win the Heisman Trophy one year later. West Virginia's Darnell Warren was named the Jimmy Rogers Jr. Most Valuable Lineman.
Thurman Thomas still holds three Sun Bowl records: most rushing attempts (33), most points (24) and most touchdowns (4).
Initially, Sun Bowl officials granted the Ohio State Buckeyes an invitation to play Oklahoma State. The Buckeyes had beaten West Virginia in the season opener, and at 6-4-1 possessed a better record than the 6-5 Mountaineers. However, in the aftermath of the controversial firing of head coach Earle Bruce, Ohio State declined the invitation.
Scoring Summary.
First Quarter
OSU - Thomas 5 run (Blanchard kick): OSU 7, WVU 0
WVU - Brown 1 run (Baumann kick): OSU 7, WVU 7
OSU - Thomas 9 run (Blanchard kick): OSU 14, WVU 7
Second Quarter
WVU - Brown 5 run (Baumann kick): OSU 14, WVU 14
WVU - FG Baumann 33: OSU 14, WVU 17
WVU - Warren 23 pass interception (Baumann kick): OSU 14, WVU 24
Third Quarter
OSU - Thomas 4 run (Blanchard kick): OSU 21, WVU 24
WVU - FG Baumann 38: OSU 21, WVU 27
OSU - Dillard 6 pass from Gundy (Blanchard kick): OSU 28, WVU 27
Fourth Quarter
OSU - Thomas 4 run (Blanchard kick): OSU 35, WVU 27
WVU - Taylor 6 run (Two-point conversion failed): OSU 35, WVU 33 (FINAL)
Individual Statistics.
Rushing
OSU - Thomas 33-157, Sanders 6-19, Gundy 8-9
WVU - Brown 32-167, Harris 24-103, Taylor 12-58, Napoleon 2-3
Passing
OSU - Gundy 12-18-161
WVU - Harris 7-21-54
Receiving
OSU - Dykes 3-72, Thomas 3-20, Williams 1-19, Dillard 3-18, Keith 1-16, Green 1-16
WVU - Bell 1-45, Winn 1-9

</doc>
<doc id="19126628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126628" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1926–1928">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1926–1928

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1926 to 21 May 1928. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19126638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126638" title="Cameron Melnyk">
Cameron Melnyk

Cameron Melnyk is the lead singer for Canadian rock band State of Shock. He was born in Edmonton, Alberta in 1980 and currently resides in Vancouver, British Columbia along with his other bandmates. Melnyk is of Ukrainian descent. He married longtime girlfriend, Alyssa, a Canadian political strategist in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19126678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126678" title="Williams Lake River">
Williams Lake River

Williams Lake River is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
Course.
Williams Lake River originates in Williams Lake, whose main tributary is the San Jose River. From Williams Lake the Williams Lake River flows a short distance west to join the Fraser River.

</doc>
<doc id="19126689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126689" title="Gustav Weindorfer">
Gustav Weindorfer

Gustav Weindorfer (23 February 1874 – 5 May 1932) was an Austrian-born Australian amateur botanist, lodge-keeper and promoter of the Cradle Mountains National Park.
Early Years.
Weindorfer was born in Spittal an der Drau, Carinthia, an alpine province of Austria-Hungary. His father was a senior civil servant before becoming involved in the management of large agricultural estates in African colonies. Gustav was well educated, training at an agricultural college with the aim to also enter the field of agricultural management. He had some formal botany training in Austria. Weindorfer tried several and varied positions, eventually deciding to emigrate to Australia.
Arrival in Australia.
He arrived in Melbourne on 13 June 1900. Gustav obtained a clerical position with the Austrian Lloyd Steamship Company. A desk job never fully satisfied Gustav. In 1901, his social standing was somewhat elevated when he became Honorary Chancellor of the Austro-Hungarian Consulate. During that year and the next, almost every weekend Weindorfer would stroll through the Royal Botanic Gardens, Melbourne, or go walking in the nearby bushland with friends. On 9 September 1901, Gustav went to a meeting of the Victorian Field Naturalists Club and immediately became an enthusiastic member. One outcome of his extensive involvement with the club was the discovery of a new pea plant, now named for him, Pultenaea weindorferi.
Another was his meeting with Kate Cowle. Kate had recently moved from Tasmania, where her family had a farm at Kindred, near Devonport. Their shared enthusiasm for botany led to their marriage. The wedding occurred in Stowport on 1 February 1906. A large part of their honeymoon was spent camped on Mount Roland with the aim of making an extensive botany collection. This would have been the first time Gustav would have had a clear view of Cradle Mountain. Kate and Gustav purchased a farm at Kindred and Gustav proved to be a capable farmer.
Waldheim Chalet.
Weindorfer’s first trip to Cradle Mountain was in January 1909, with his friend and botanist mentor, Dr Sutton. A local guide led them on the last roadless stretch into the valley. Their provisions included six plant presses. Two days were spent exploring the Cradle Mountain environment. This included an attempt on the summit, but time had been used up in plant collecting and thick fog turned them back from the final climb. Over the next year, Gustav enthused about the Cradle area, describing it as a “veritable Eldorado for the botanist” and likening it to his Carinthian homeland.
He returned the following summer with his wife Kate and Mr (later Major) R E Smith. On 4 January 1910, the party were graced with fine weather for their climb of the mountain. It was here that Smith later quoted Weindorfer as saying:
While in the valley Kate and Gustav selected a site for them to build a chalet that would allow tourists to stay in the valley. Some hundreds of acres were purchased, and in March 1912, Gustav commenced work on the building he was to call Waldheim, or “home in the forest”. It was built of King Billy pine, harvested from the adjacent forest. By Christmas 1912, stage one was ready for the first visitors, with a living and dining room and two bedrooms.
Despite early tourists having to walk up to to reach Waldheim, it was a success. Eventually, a rough track allowed a horse and cart to reach the valley entrance: the government was slow in responding to Weindorfer’s repeated requests for a proper road. Weindorfer continued to work on his tourism dream, enlarging the chalet, naming features in the valley and clearing and marking tracks to the best spots.
Death of Kate.
1916 was a year of disaster for Weindorfer. His mother died in January; Kate who had been ill for some time died in April. One of his brothers died in June and then his father in October. He sold the farm at Kindred and became a full-time resident at Waldheim. His unhappiness and isolation were enhanced due to World War I and his Austrian heritage. Gustav had become an Australian citizen before his marriage, but despite this, some local groups ostracised him and people spread the foolish rumour that he was a spy.
Promotion of the Area.
In 1921, Weindorfer set out on a tour of Tasmania to promote both Waldheim and the concept of a national park for Cradle Mountain. The following year, a scenic reserve and wildlife sanctuary was declared, stretching from Cradle Mountain to Lake St Clair. His reputation as a great host spread, but visitors came mainly in summer. Dorfer, as he became known, enjoyed company so in the many quiet times, he felt great loneliness. As the years went by, the national economic situation deteriorated, resulting in a drop in visitor numbers. Gustav had to sell timber and furs of local animals to make ends meet.
Dorfer mostly cared for visitors single-handedly. This, along with the extra jobs and the cold winters, strained his health. His heart had shown a weakness in the early 1920s, and towards the end of the decade he commented in his diary “Strange experience. My heart acted strangely. Had to lie down in bed. I do not smoke any more. I have to give up tea..."
Death and Remembrance.
In April 1931 he bought a motor cycle to make travel out of the valley easier. On 5 May 1932, while trying to start the cycle, his heart gave out. He was found dead the next day, near the present Ronny Creek car park. Weindorfer had died within sight of his beloved mountain. Following his wishes, he was buried in the valley, the ceremony being conducted on 10 May 1932.
In November 1932, Gustav’s sister sent a bunch of everlasting flowers and four candles, asking that they be placed on his grave on New Year’s Day, as was the custom in Carinthia. This simple ceremony was continued until the outbreak of World War II and subsequently revived in 1954. The current format of a memorial service on New Year's Day, along with the placing of flowers and lighting of candles, was instituted by the North West Walking Club in the early 1970s. It has become necessary to use local flowers, but candles are still sent from Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19126714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126714" title="Maclean Island">
Maclean Island

Maclean Island is a small island, with an area of 1.11 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Waterhouse Island Group, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are the Little Penguin and Pacific Gull. The Cape Barren Goose has also nested on the island.
Other islands in the Waterhouse Group with breeding seabirds include:

</doc>
<doc id="19126727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126727" title="United States Naval Shipbuilding Museum">
United States Naval Shipbuilding Museum

The United States Naval Shipbuilding Museum is a private non-profit museum in Quincy, Massachusetts featuring USS "Salem" (CA-139), a heavy cruiser docked at the former Fore River Shipyard where she was laid down in 1945. The museum was established in 1993 in response to efforts by local officials and volunteers to revive the shipyard area after operations at Fore River ended in 1986. Several exhibits on board "Salem" relating to United States naval history and shipbuilding are featured along with dockside fixtures and a miniature golf course.
History.
In 1986, General Dynamics Corporation shut down its shipbuilding facility at Weymouth Fore River in Quincy, signaling the end of a 102 year history of shipbuilding operations along the Fore River and 85 years at the site in Quincy Point. Various plans were offered at the time for use of the shipyard, but in 1992 a group of volunteers came up with one partial solution: the purchase and relocation of a ship built at the shipyard to be reborn as a museum celebrating the history of the yard. With help from local officials, the museum was established in 1993 by an act of the Massachusetts General Court to "acquire, refurbish and maintain United States naval ships and the adjacent physical complex in order that it will as a major attraction for local citizens and tourists." After earlier attempts to obtain use of USS "Lexington" (CV-16), in 1994 the city and the volunteer group successfully negotiated the relocation of "Salem" from Philadelphia with the Naval Sea Systems Command. On 30 October 1994 "Salem" returned to Quincy to be permanently docked where she was built nearly five decades before.
Exhibits and attractions.
With a length of , "Salem" provides a large amount of space for museum exhibits and casual exploration by visitors. The Admiral's and Captain's Bridge, Number Three Turret, Second Deck (crew quarters) and Main Deck of "Salem" are features of the ship proper which are open to visitors. There are also individual exhibits within the ship including the Cruiser Sailor Museum and a substantial model ship collection.
The history of large cruisers like "Salem" is also addressed. Exhibits featuring USS "Newport News" (CA-148), the last of the "Des Moines" class cruisers, and USS "Saint Paul" (CA-73), a "Baltimore" class cruiser also built at Fore River are on board. A portion of the museum is devoted to a display of Navy SEAL history. Researchers can request access to extensive military archives and a collection of naval armaments and memorabilia.
Outside the realm of military history, the museum takes advantage of the history of the city which gave the ship its name, Salem, Massachusetts, famous for the witch trials of the late 17th century, by offering holiday themed tours and overnight stays during Halloween. Overnight stays are also available throughout the year for those interested in life aboard a Navy ship. Adjacent to the ship there is an eighteen hole miniature golf course. Operated by the museum, "Kilroy's Mini Golf" is named in honor of James J. Kilroy, a worker at the shipyard who is often cited as the origin of the famous "Kilroy was here" graffiti.

</doc>
<doc id="19126755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126755" title="Chagulak Island">
Chagulak Island

Chagulak Island (also spelled "Chugul", "Chugula", "Chegoula", or "Tchougoulok") is a small, uninhabited volcanic island in the Islands of Four Mountains group in the Aleutian Islands of southwestern Alaska, United States. The -wide island consists of a single cone that reaches an elevation of 3,747 ft (1,142 m). Chagulak is a stratovolcano and is separated from the nearby Amukta Island by a channel about wide; though the two islands are joined underwater. No eruptions have been recorded and very little is known about the volcano.

</doc>
<doc id="19126814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126814" title="Biblioteca Virtual Miguel de Cervantes">
Biblioteca Virtual Miguel de Cervantes

The Biblioteca Virtual Miguel de Cervantes (abbreviated BVMC; in ) is a large-scale digital library project, hosted and maintained by the University of Alicante in Alicante, Spain. It comprises the largest open-access repository of digitised Spanish-language historical texts and literature from the Ibero-American world. When officially launched in 1999 the BVMC was the first digital archive of Spanish-language texts on the internet, initially reproducing some 2,000 individual works by 400 of the most significant authors in Spanish, Latin American literary and Hispanic Africa. By 2005–2006 the number of registered and available works had reached over 22,000. 
The library is named in honour of Miguel de Cervantes, the famous 16th-century Spanish author and one of the most illustrious names in world literary history.
From its beginning, in 1999, this library has chosen to apply structural markup based on XML and the TEI encoding scheme for the creation of its documents.

</doc>
<doc id="19126826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126826" title="Wanigela, Oro Province">
Wanigela, Oro Province

Wanigela is a village along Collingwood Bay, Papua New Guinea. The village is served by Wanigela Airport.
History.
Wanigela became an Allied forward staging base during World War II. Troops staged at Wanigela before troops moving to Pongani to strike the Imperial Japanese during the Battle of Buna-Gona.
Between 5 October & 6 October 1942, the Australian 2/10th Battalion of the 18th Brigade together with US Army engineers and anti-aircraft gunners were flown from Milne Bay to Wanigela Airfield by C-47 Dakotas of United States Army Air Forces, 21st Troop Carrier Squadron and 22nd Troop Carrier Squadron of the 374th Transport Group.
On 14 October 1942, the US Army 128th Infantry Regiment of the 32nd Infantry Division and the Australian 2/6th Independent Company were flown from 14-Mile Drome to Wanigela Airfield.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19126867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126867" title="SS Bridgeton">
SS Bridgeton

MV "Bridgeton", ex-"al-Rekkah", was a Kuwait Oil Company oil tanker that was reflagged during Operation Earnest Will. "Bridgeton" was built by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Nagasaki and was launched August 14, 1976. The tanker was built as "al-Rekkah", renamed "Bridgeton" and scrapped as "Pacific Blue". 
On July 24, 1987, "Bridgeton" was part of the first Earnest Will convoy when it struck an Iranian mine near Farsi Island. The explosion breached the outer hull and the forward cargo tanks. Although the ship was empty, there was an huge oil slick from the oil residue in the tanks. The ship was able to sail on to its destination, thence to Dubai Drydock Shipyard for repair. The mining prompted Operation Prime Chance, a secret effort to stop more minelaying. In September 1987, "Iran Ajr" was discovered laying mines, was captured and scuttled by U.S. forces. 
Some of the reflagged tankers returned to Kuwaiti flags in January 1989, but "Bridgeton" and several others remained U.S.-flagged. 
In the late 1990s, "Bridgeton" transferred to Panamanian registry and was renamed "Pacific Blue". 
The supertanker was scrapped in 2002 at Haryana Ship Demolition in Alang, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19126957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126957" title="Institut National de Jeunes Sourds de Paris">
Institut National de Jeunes Sourds de Paris

Institut National de Jeunes Sourds de Paris (INJS) is the current name of the famous school for the Deaf founded by Charles-Michel de l'Épée in 1760 in Paris, France. (The date of the beginning of the school is often given as 1755, but that is incorrect.)
After the death of Père Vanin in 1759, the Abbé de l'Épée was introduced to two deaf girls who were in need of a new instructor. The school began in 1760 and shortly thereafter was opened to the public and became the world's first free school for the deaf. It was originally located in a house at 14 rue des Moulins, butte Saint-Roch, near the Louvre in Paris. On July 29, 1791, the French legislature approved government funding for the school and it was renamed: "Institution Nationale des Sourds-Muets à Paris."

</doc>
<doc id="19126963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126963" title="Baynes Island">
Baynes Island

Baynes Island is a group of three islets, connected at low tide, with a combined area of 1.62 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Waterhouse Island Group, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Little Penguin, Pacific Gull, Silver Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher, Black-faced Cormorant and Caspian Tern. The Grey Teal has also nested on the island.
Other islands in the Waterhouse Group with breeding seabirds include:

</doc>
<doc id="19126978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126978" title="Anemone deltoidea">
Anemone deltoidea

Anemone deltoidea is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common names Columbian windflower and western white anemone. It is native to the forests of the west coast of the United States. This is a rhizomatous perennial herb growing between 10 and 30 centimeters tall. There is usually a single basal leaf which is divided into three large toothed leaflets, each up to 6 centimeters long. There may be more leaves along the mostly naked stem which are similar in appearance to the leaflets on the basal leaf. The inflorescence has three leaflike bracts and a single flower. The flower has no petals but five petal-like white sepals each one to two centimeters long. There are up to 120 whiskery stamens and many pistils. The fruit is a cluster of spherical achenes.

</doc>
<doc id="19126979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126979" title="Masami Taniguchi">
Masami Taniguchi

Masami Taniguchi (谷口雅美 "Taniguchi Masami", born September 17, 1976) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous.

</doc>
<doc id="19126986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19126986" title="Francesco Bellini">
Francesco Bellini

Francesco Bellini, CM, OQ is research scientist, administrator, entrepreneur and Quebecer business man born in Italy, Ascoli Piceno, in 1947.
He is a pioneer scientist-entrepreneur in the Canadian bio-pharmaceutical industry, he was co-founder of Biochem Pharma, as well as Chairman & Chief Executive Officer from 1986 to 2001. He has authored or co-authored more than twenty-five patents over his 20-year career as a research scientist.
Youth and schooling.
Born in 1947 in Ascoli Piceno, Italy, Dr. Bellini came to Canada in 1967. He received his Bachelor of Science degree from Loyola College (now Concordia University) in 1972 and his Doctorate in organic chemistry from University of New Brunswick in 1977. He is the author or co-author of some 25 patents and has published numerous articles and papers based on his research.
Professional biography.
Dr. Francesco Bellini runs BELLUS Health, a company which develops new health products. BELLUS Health is engaged in pharmaceutical and nutraceutical activities. Dr. Bellini is also Chairman of Picchio International, Picchio Pharma, Prognomix and ViroChem Pharma – all companies involved in healthcare. He was also the Chairman, President, and CEO of Neurochem, which was developing Alzhemed, a compound for the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease that ultimately failed in late stage clinical trials. Prior to this, Dr. Bellini was Chairman and CEO of BioChem Pharma an innovative biopharmaceutical company focused on infectious diseases and cancer, which he co-founded in 1986. From 1968 to 1984, he had a fruitful career as a researcher at the Canadian subsidiary of a multinational pharmaceutical company. In 1984, Dr. Bellini established the Bio-chemicals Division of the Institut Armand-Frappier at the Université du Québec, which specializes in research, manufacturing and the commercialization of fine chemicals. He headed up this unit until leaving in 1986 to co-found BioChem Pharma.
Dr. Bellini is also a member of the following Board of Directors: Molson Coors Brewing Company; Montreal Heart Institute Foundation; Italian Chamber of Commerce; the Government of Canada's Science Technology & Innovation Council; and Stem Cell Therapeutics Corp.
Philanthropy.
He donated $10 M towards a new life sciences building at McGill University. He made a major donation toward a new residence and centre for people with Alzheimer's.
Special honor.
For his major contribution in the fields of entrepreneurship, research and economy, Dr. Bellini has received the title of ‘Cavaliere del Lavoro’, the most prestigious honor granted by the Italian Republic. Over the years, Dr. Bellini has received the following awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19127015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127015" title="Joseph Post">
Joseph Post

Joseph Mozart Post OBE (10 April 190627 December 1972) was an Australian conductor and music administrator. He made an unrivalled contribution to the development of opera-conducting in Australia and was, in Roger Covell's words, the 'first Australian-born musician to excel in this genre'. As an orchestral conductor, he was judged a 'good all-round man': he was well regarded for his enthusiasm, clarity and economy of gesture, but he was not associated with inspiring or challenging musicianship. Nonetheless, his ability to take over conducting assignments at very short notice became legendary and he was often greeted with 'rave' reviews.
Biography.
Joseph Post was born on 10 April 1906 at Erskineville, Sydney, the eldest child of native-born parents. His mother was a talented chorister, and his father an enthusiastic conductor much involved with church choirs and suburban musical societies. He and his brothers were given the surnames of famous composers for their middle names; he was Joseph Mozart, and his brothers were John Verdi and Noel Schumann. Joseph always regarded his father as his most important mentor and severest critic. Although the family had Jewish connections, Post was raised as a Roman Catholic; he later became an atheist. 
He attended the Christian Brothers' parish school at Waverley (now Waverley College), won a scholarship, and was among the first students at the New South Wales State Conservatorium of Music, of which he was later to become the director (1966-71). Post studied piano and oboe, and from the age of 15 he played oboe with the New South Wales State Orchestra until it was disbanded in 1922. He then toured with theatre orchestras, visiting New Zealand in 1924 with one of J. C. Williamson Ltd's musical-comedy companies.
By 1926 Post was teaching oboe and cor anglais at the conservatorium; later, he also offered tuition in piano. He graduated in 1927 with diplomas in performance and teaching (pianoforte). Despite such auspicious beginnings, he did not see his vocation as a teacher nor as an orchestral musician, but chose to build a career as a conductor. The elder Post gave his son extensive informal training in the conductor's art. 
In 1932 Post seized an opportunity to organize a 350-voice choir for the Imperial Opera Company (a touring Italian troupe) to perform in the Williamson Imperial Grand Opera Season. When the regular conductor became indisposed, Post conducted a performance of Verdi’s "Aida" at only a few hours notice, which led to regular conducting appearances with the company.
The establishment of the Australian Broadcasting Commission in 1932 introduced a powerful new force to the Australian music scene. Post recognized the potential of radio and accepted an offer from the ABC to form a wireless chorus in Sydney. He severed his connection with the conservatorium, did some conducting with Sir Benjamin Fuller's Royal Grand Opera Company and visited Europe in 1935. Returning to Australia, he moved to Melbourne. From 1936 to 1947 he worked for the ABC as a conductor of the Victorian Symphony Orchestra and the city's ABC wireless chorus.
Post served in World War II as a lieutenant, acting major, and commandant of the transshipment centre at Terowie, South Australia, an important staging point on the overland supply route to Darwin. He relinquished command in February 1945 and was placed on the Reserve List of Officers in March. 
After the war, Post continued as one of the ABC's main conductors. From 1947 to 1957 he was Associate Conductor with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, during Sir Eugene Goossens's tenure as Chief Conductor. Post made many guest appearances with ABC orchestras across Australia. He conducted the first performance of the Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra on 25 May 1948; the soloist was the pianist Eileen Joyce.
In 1950 he went to Britain on exchange with Charles Groves, conductor of the British Broadcasting Corporation's Northern Orchestra (now the BBC Philharmonic). At his debut at the Royal Albert Hall, Post became the first Australian to conduct at a Promenade Concert; he included a piece by the Australian composer Clive Douglas. He also conducted the Hallé Orchestra and other British orchestras. 
Despite such successes, Post's career with the ABC was marred by disappointment. In 1945 he had submitted a proposal to the ABC to establish the Victorian Symphony Orchestra on a full-time basis, but he was twice overlooked for the position of principal conductor. He made no secret of his chagrin when he was not appointed director of music in 1957. Throughout his long tenure with the ABC, he never relinquished his involvement with his first love, opera. He was musical director (1947-54) of Gertrude Johnson's National Theatre Movement and principal conductor (from 1949) for its opera. In addition, Post also conducted seasons with the New South Wales National Opera in Sydney, and joint seasons of the combined opera companies in 1952. Granted leave from the ABC, he was appointed Musical Director of the Australian Elizabethan Theatre Trust (now Opera Australia) in 1955. He conducted the trust's first opera production, Mozart’s "The Marriage of Figaro", in 1956, but resigned next year to return to the ABC as assistant director of music.
Heavier administrative responsibilities did not significantly curtail the number of Post's performances. In 1963 he established the Sydney Little Symphony Orchestra and conducted its debut series of four concerts. He also continued his long association with school concerts. The advent of television broadcasting created new audiences for him. He made television appearances with the Sydney Symphony and conducted numerous operas on television. In 1962 he travelled to Europe and the USA to investigate methods of presenting music on television.
At a time when most Australian classical musicians depended on success abroad, Post built a public career in Australia. He and Sir Bernard Heinze represented the first generation of native-born conductors to rise to prominence under the ABC. Post conducted when an Australian was required to support visiting celebrity musicians. The role suited his talents admirably. He was proud of his efforts to promote 'Australian' composers, releasing recordings of Raymond Hanson's Concerto for Trumpet and Orchestra (1948) and Robert Hughes's "Xanadu" (1954). Nor was he averse to the performance of 'new music', though his tastes could hardly be regarded as avant garde.
In 1966 Post was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE). That year he succeeded Heinze as director of the New South Wales State Conservatorium of Music. He was its first of its former students to fill the position. Although reluctant to take the job, he put considerable effort into the conservatorium's opera school, but limited his wider involvement to consolidating initiatives begun by Heinze. 
Increasingly dogged by ill health, Post resigned from the conservatorium in late 1971 and moved to the Gold Coast, Queensland. He died of myocardial disease on 27 December 1972 at Broadbeach and was cremated. At St Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, on 12 May 1943 he had married Nancye Lille Tucker, a 28-year-old stenographer. His wife and their daughter Nola survived him. He had actively discouraged Nola from any sort of musical training.

</doc>
<doc id="19127016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127016" title="Kapa Kapa Trail">
Kapa Kapa Trail

The Kapa Kapa Trail is a steep, little-used, mountain trail that stretches from the Kapa Kapa village (an English mispronunciation of Gabagaba) on the south coast of Papua New Guinea, across the extremely rugged Owen Stanley Range, to the vicinity of Jaure on the north side of the Peninsula. Also known as the Kapa Kapa-Jaure Track, the trail runs parallel to but southeast of the more well-known and more accessible long Kokoda Track. The long Kapa Kapa Track is more than twice as long as the Kokoda Track and at its highest point is more than higher. Total ascent and descent is around . Because the track is very steep, difficult, and unimproved, it has been hiked by very few non-native individuals.
During World War II, more than 900 members of the United States 126th Infantry Regiment, 32nd Infantry Division trekked across it in 42 days in an attempt to flank the Japanese on the Kokoda Track. They endured an extraordinarily difficult march, and the majority of the men became ill with malaria, dengue fever, bush typhus, and tropical dysentery. It was "one of the most harrowing marches in American military history."
They never saw a Japanese soldier during their nearly month-long trek. After only a week of recuperation, the Battalion was immediately put on the front line against battle-hardened Japanese troops and in the ensuing battle soon ran short of weapons, medicine and even food.
Name origin.
The name "Kapa Kapa" is an English mispronunciation of Gabagaba, the coastal village where the route begins on south coast of Papua New Guinea.
32nd Infantry Division march.
During the early stages of World War II, Australian Army units in the Kokoda Track campaign were under increasing pressure from Japanese forces that had advanced to within of Port Moresby. On 9 September, the Australian 6th Division's 16th Infantry Brigade was ordered from Australia to Port Moresby. The 25th Brigade, which had just arrived in Port Moresby, was immediately pushed to the front. General Sydney Rowell felt he could contain the Japanese with the extra troops, but MacArthur was anxious to flank the Japanese. He asked his staff to plan a flanking maneuver that would push the Japanese off the mountains more quickly.
Other Japanese units were routed to seize Samarai, an island south of Milne Bay, from which they would launch a seaborne invasion of Port Moresby. When they found that the Allies were building up Milne Bay at the southernmost tip of New Guinea, they chose to attack it instead. This effort was blunted by a vigorous Allied defense, and the Japanese withdrew on the night of 4–5 September 1942.
Decision to flank the Japanese.
Since the 32nd Infantry Division had to move to another camp in any event, General Douglas MacArthur felt they should be the first to move to New Guinea. The 32nd Division's commanding General Edwin Harding told MacArthur he didn't believe the Division was ready, as it had received limited training and virtually no jungle warfare training. At that time, Divisions were expected to train as a unit for one year before entering combat. MacArthur nonetheless pressed Harding for a unit that could be moved to the front. Harding told MacArthur that the 126th Infantry Regiment commanded by Col. Lawrence A. Quinn was the best-trained and best-led, and it was selected for the task. The unit was ordered to prepare to move immediately, and a Brisbane cleaning establishment was given the task of dyeing the men's khaki battle fatigues a mottled green to prepare for jungle action. The dye did not allow the fabric to breathe causing sores to the skin of the troops.
First route impractical.
Brigadier General Hanford MacNider, in charge of the G-4 (Logistics) unit in MacArthur's headquarters group, learned almost immediately upon his arrival in Port Moresby that the previously chosen route to Wairopi across the peninsula, proposed by headquarters staff, was not practical. It traversed the Australian's rear area and a region where the soldiers could be cut off by the Japanese. It was also so mountainous that the only way they could receive supplies would be by air. Two alternative routes were considered, from Kapa Kapa to Jaure, and from Abau to Jaure. From Jaure other minor trails would lead the soldiers to Wairopi and Buna.
New route surveyed.
General MacNider dispatched two groups to reconnoiter the routes. He assigned the Southwest Pacific Area chief of the Construction Section, Colonel Lief Sverdrup, to survey the route from Abau on the coast of southern New Guinea. Sverdrup set out for Jaure with a party of one American, two Australians from the Australian New Guinea Administrative Unit, ten native police from the Royal Papuan Constabulary and 26 native carriers. After eight days on the trail, scaling heights of , Sverdrup concluded that it would not be practical for troops to traverse the route and turned back, reaching Abau on 3 October. Sverdrup soon reported that the trail starting from Abau was difficult for marching and impossible for pack animals. The Allies canceled plans to send the 127th Infantry Regiment over this route.
Closer to Port Moresby, Captain William F. Boice (Division S-2) and Lieutenant Bernard Howes took a detachment to survey the long Kapa Kapa Trail, beginning in Kapa Kapa (a mispronunciation of Gabagaba, the coastal village where the route begins). From Kapa Kapa, the trail reaches Kalikodobu, Arapara, Laruni, and then Jaure. The route was roughly parallel to but about south of the Kokoda Trail. They, along with six men from Company E of the 126th, and some forty native porters, begun the survey of the trail in October 1942. The men soon learned that the dye applied to their uniforms in Australia caused the material to trap heat.
There was extremely little intelligence available about the route. The natives avoided it as they thought it was haunted, especially at the crest. No white man had used the route since 1917. The troops could be supported logistically by land and sea for about a third of the distance, after which they would depend on air drops. But the trail was barely a goat path. The untamed jungle terrain was extremely steep, cut by razor-sharp hogback ridges and required the men to cross a tall mountain divide. The Australians didn't think it was practical for men to cross on foot. Boice nonetheless reported back that the route was feasible, and the 2nd Battalion, 126th Infantry Regiment was committed to the trail.
March started.
Though poorly equipped and unprepared for the task, engineers and soldiers had managed to build a road from Port Moresby along the coast to Kapa Kapa (Gabagaba). From Kapa Kapa, the engineers carved out a road first to Kalikodobu, nicknamed "Kalamazoo" by the GIs who had a hard time pronouncing the local name. At Kalamazoo, Major Baetcke was in charge of completing a forward supply base at Arapara, inland another by trail. The 32nd Division established a Command Post at Kalamazoo in early October.
After Kalikodobu the road was much rougher, reaching a total of inland to Nepeana. Parts of it were unfinished, although four-wheel drive Bantam Jeeps could complete the route. Parts were so steep and rough that natives were recruited to carry supplies inland. Most of the 2nd Battalion, 126th Infantry, was moved to Nepeana, and on 6 October 250 men from the Antitank and Cannon companies along with 100 porters left under the command of Captain Alfred Mendendorp. They were expected to march two miles per day. Their job was to establish locations for dropzones where the troops could be resupplied. They discovered that Boice's description of the track as "feasible" was misleading. The trail was a slow, exhausting march through the thick jungles and up to the cold, dense forests on the shoulder of Ghost Mountain, known locally as Suwemalla' or more officially as 'Mt. Obree'. Mendendorp arrived at the mountain top village of Larum on 13 October and established an air supply point. He then left for Jaure miles away, but taking another week to complete the trek.
Beginning on 14 October, the remaining 900 troops of the 2nd Battalion, 126th Infantry, along with the 114th Engineer Battalion, 19th Portable Hospital, commanded by Capt Bernard Friedenthal M.D. and the 107th Quartermaster Company, commanded by Lt. Col. Henry A. Geerds, left Kalamazoo over several days on foot, assisted by several hundred native porters and guides. So rough was the journey ahead that they became the only Americans to trek over divide over the extremely rugged Owen Stanley Mountains on foot.
Difficult terrain.
The men found themselves utterly unprepared for the extremely harsh conditions found in the jungle. The Kapa Kapa trail across the Owen Stanley divide was a "dank and eerie place, rougher and more precipitous" than the Kokoda Track on which the Australians and Japanese were then fighting. Chiggers, fleas, sand flies, leeches, and mosquitoes found every inch of exposed skin. They rapidly began to discard anything they didn't absolutely need, including raincoats, helmets, blankets, even ammunition. Members of the mortar company first left their base plates behind, then the tubes, and finally all of the ammunition.
One group lost its footing and slid downhill in 40 minutes; it took them eight hours to climb back to where they began.
Nicknamed The Ghost Battalion.
Their field craft showed the lack of training, and malaria, dengue fever, bush typhus, amoebic dysentery, bacillary, along with jungle rot, dobie itch, trench foot, athlete's foot and ringworm quickly struck hundreds of men. Their rate of advance compared to the Australian soldiers was considerably slower. It rained hard every afternoon at about three o'clock, and beginning on 15 October they were drenched by five days of steady rain. Constant tropical downpours, searing heat, and dripping humidity left the soldiers constantly wet. At night in the higher altitudes, temperatures dropped rapidly, leaving the men chilled.
Lead elements of the 126th finally crossed the pass in the extremely rugged Owen Stanley Mountains near -high Mount Obree, which they nicknamed Ghost Mountain. To avoid becoming illegal combatants in the League of Nations Mandate trust territory of New Guinea, the remaining Australian Papuan native porters would not cross the border at the top of the range. The Americans were left to shoulder their own packs weighing up to . They finally crossed the last ridge and after 29 days the initial units reached Jaure on 25 October 1942. Captain Boice, scouting ahead, had reached this village on 4 October.
They began to depart from Jaure on 28 October. Captain Boice could not find a single good place for aircraft to drop supplies between Jaure and Natunga in the steep foothills northeast of Jaure, leading to the Buna area. During their five-day trek to Natunga, most of the troops' rations dropped between those two points were lost. The men were reduced to eating bananas and papayas or whatever else they could find or had gone hungry. They finally reached the Natunga area on 2 November. There, they spent more than a week drawing rations, helmets, boots, and other equipment before pushing on to Gora and Bofu, which they reached on 12 November.
On 20 November 1942, after almost 42 days trekking across exceedingly difficult terrain, including hogback ridges, jungle, and mountainous high-altitude passes, E Company of the 128th was the first to reach Soputa near the front. The remainder of the Battalion trickled in over the next few days. As a result of the extremely difficult march and the decimated ranks of the unit, the battalion earned the nickname of "The Ghost Battalion". No other troops were tasked with making the same trek.
128th airlifted.
Midway through their march, Cecil Abel, a local missionary arrived in Port Moresby with information that usable airfield sites were available on the far side of the Owen Stanley Range at Fasari in the Musa River valley and at Pongani. By 2 November Blamey persuaded MacArthur to transport the remainder of the 32nd Division by air. In a first for World War II, the rest of the 128th Infantry was flown from Australia to New Guinea, the greatest distance the Army Air Force had airlifted men up to that time. Battery A of the 129th Field Artillery, 32nd Division had been sent to New Guinea, while the remaining batteries remained at Camp Cable in Australia. In another first, the four gun sections were the first howitzers flown into a war, first landing at Port Morseby. Then one-half of Battery A, 129th Field Artillery, was air-lifted over the Owen Stanley Range to Buna, becoming the first U.S. Army artillery flown into combat in the Pacific in World War II.
Aftermath.
The attempt to flank the Japanese failed. The troops never encountered a single Japanese troop on their trek and were unable due to the terrain to offer any support to the Australians on the Kokoda Track. The Australians were by then preparing to attack the Japanese who had retreated all the way to the fortified Buna coast.
By the time the 2/126th Infantry Regiment completed their trek, they were considerably under strength. Seventy percent of the 900 men had contracted malaria. Meanwhile, on 14–18 October, the U.S. 128th Infantry Regiment had been flown from Port Moresby to Wanigela, where they began to hike north the short distance overland towards Buna. The U.S. 1st Battalion, 126th Infantry Regiment were flown on 8 November to Fasari where an airfield had been located, and they began moving towards the coast and Pongani. The U.S. 1/126th, 128th, with the Australian 2/10th Battalion engaged the Japanese on 18 November at Buna-Gona. Despite the extremely poor condition of the 2/126th, General MacArthur was desperate for men to put on the line, and after only a week of recuperation, he ordered them to the Buna-Gona to face battle-hardened Japanese troops on 20 November. The division had never received adequate equipment, training, and preparation for the task they were given and were chronically short of basic supplies. Harding requested tanks and artillery support but MacArthur was persuaded by General Kenney that the Army Air Force could replace the role of artillery. The Battalion soon ran short of weapons, medicine and even food. General Harding was relieved of command after only 13 days because MacArthur thought the men were unwilling to fight.

</doc>
<doc id="19127025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127025" title="Park Square Historic District">
Park Square Historic District

Park Square Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19127030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127030" title="G24">
G24

G24 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19127041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127041" title="Sewel">
Sewel

Sewel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19127042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127042" title="Joseph Vidal (composer)">
Joseph Vidal (composer)

Joseph Bernard Vidal (15 November 1859 - 18 December 1924) was a French composer, born in Toulouse. Among his works are two operas "Le Mariage d'Yvette" (1896) and "Le Chevalier de Fontenoy". He died in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19127049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127049" title="Passages North">
Passages North

Passages North is an American literary magazine published by the Northern Michigan University. Essays that have appeared in "Passages North" have been recognized in the anthology, "The Best American Essays", on numerous occasions. The magazine was established in 1980. It sponsors the Waasmode Short Fiction Prize, the Elinor Benedict Poetry Prize, and the Thomas J. Hruska Memorial Nonfiction Prize.
Notable contributors.
Notable contributors are:

</doc>
<doc id="19127054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127054" title="Dante da Maiano">
Dante da Maiano

__NOTOC__
Dante da Maiano was a late thirteenth-century poet who composed mainly sonnets in Italian and Occitan. He was an older contemporary of Dante Alighieri and active in Florence. 
He may have been a Provençal- or Auvergnat-speaker from Maillane (the birthplace of Frédéric Mistral), but more probably he was from the Tuscan village of Maiano near Fiesole. In 1882 Adolfo Borgognoni argued that he was an invention of Renaissance philology, but met with the opposition of F. Novati in 1883 and Giovanni Bertacchi in 1896. Bertacchi argued that Dante da Maiano was the same person as the Dante Magalante, son of ser Ugo da Maiano, who appears in a public record of 1301. At the time this Dante was living in San Benedetto and was requested "in mundualdum" by a relative of his, Lapa, widow of Vanni di Chello Davizzi, to be her tutor. That a Dante da Maiano existed during the lifetime of Dante Alighieri and that he was capable of "tutoring" was thus established, but the identification with the poet could not be made certain. Santorre Debenedetti finally disproved Borgognoni's thesis in 1907. He discovered two Occitan sonnets ascribed to Dante da Maiano in a fifteenth-century Italian manuscript conserved in the Biblioteca Laurentiana, Florence. 
Almost all Dante's extant work is preserved in the "Giuntina" (or "Junte"), a Florentine chansonnier compiled in 1527 under the title "Sonetti e canzoni di diversi avtori toscani in dieci libri raccolte" by Filippo Giunti. His total work is some forty-eight sonnets, five "ballate", two "canzoni", and a series of "tenzoni" with Dante Alighieri. He was influenced by the troubadours (notably Bernart de Ventadorn), the Sicilian School and in particular Giacomo da Lentini, the Tuscan School of Guittone d'Arezzo, and the later "dolce stil novo", though he belongs to none of these. Rosanna Betarrini calls his work a "pastiche" and Antonio Enzo Quaglio a "silloge archeologica della produzione anteriore e contemporanea" ("an archaeological collection of past and contemporary production"). 
Dante da Maiano wrote a sonnet in response to "A ciascun' alma presa e gentil core", the first sonnet in Dante Alighieri's "Vita nuova". There was also a five-part exchange (probably preceding the "Vita nuova") called the "duol d'amore" ("dolour of love"), in which Dante da Maiano wrote three pieces and Dante Alighieri responded to the first two. In a final two-part communication, Dante Alighieri wrote "Savere e cortesia, ingegno ed arte" to Dante da Maiano's "Amor mi fa sì fedelmente amare". In all their correspondence, the elder Dante assumes an air of superiority towards his up and coming interlocutor, the future author of the "Divine Comedy". Before Dante Alighieri's career had taken off, the elder Dante was for a time quite famous in Florence for his sonnet "Provedi, saggio, ad esta visïone", in which he recounts a dream he had and asks his fellow citizens for an interpretation. Chiaro Davanzati, Guido Orlandi, Salvino Doni, Ricco da Varlungo, Cino da Pistoja and Dante Alighieri, in what was to be his earliest still-extant poem, all responded. Dante da Maiano, along with Cino da Pistoja, also wrote a response to a sonnet ("Guido, vorrei che tu e Lapo ed io") that Alighieri sent to his friend Guido Cavalcanti. 
According to later stories now generally accepted as only legend, Dante also kept up a correspondence with Nina of Sicily, the first Italian poetess, and with whom he fell in love. Their relationship became well-known and she grew in fame because of his writings so that she was called "la Nina di Dante". She took up poetry, apparently, as a result of his influence. 
Víctor Balaguer published the Occitan sonnet "Las! so qe m'es el cor plus fis e qars" in 1879, where he also hypothesised for Dante a birthplace in Provence. Despite these Occitan sonnets and Dante's more probable birthplace in Tuscany, Giulio Bertoni disqualifed Dante from being an "Italian troubadour" in his 1915 study. By one reckoning, Dante's Occitan sonnets are the earliest examples of what is undisputedly an Italian form, but the invention of which is usually assigned to Giacomo da Lentini.

</doc>
<doc id="19127081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127081" title="David A. Schlissel">
David A. Schlissel

David A. Schlissel has been a Senior Consultant with Synapse Energy Economics since 2000. For 30 years he has worked on complex engineering and economic issues mainly in the field of energy management. This work has ranged from conducting technical investigations, through to presenting expert testimony. Schlissel has undergraduate and advanced engineering degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Stanford University, and a law degree from Stanford Law School.

</doc>
<doc id="19127106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127106" title="1983 Code of Canon Law">
1983 Code of Canon Law

The 1983 Code of Canon Law (abbreviated 1983 CIC from its Latin title "Codex Iuris Canonici") is the codification of canonical legislation for the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church. It was promulgated on 25 January 1983 by John Paul II and obtained the force of law on the First Sunday of Advent (27 November) 1983. It replaced the 1917 Code of Canon Law, promulgated by Benedict XV on 27 May 1917.
History.
The current Code of Canon Law is the second codification of laws and regulations made by or adopted by ecclesiastical authority, replacing the Pio-Benedictine code that had been promulgated in 1917. See also Canon Law-Codification and Code of Canons of the Eastern Churches.
Pope John XXIII, when proclaiming a new ecumenical council for the Catholic Church, also announced the intention of revising the 1917 CIC. It was not feasible to revise the Code of Canon Law until after the conclusion of the Second Vatican Council, so that the decisions of the Council could guide the revision of ecclesiastical laws. Several of the council documents gave specific instructions regarding changes to the organization of the Catholic Church, in particular the decrees "Christus Dominus", "Presbyterorum Ordinis", "Perfectae Caritatis", and "Ad Gentes". In 1966, Pope Paul VI issued norms to apply these instructions through the motu proprio "Ecclesiae Sanctae".
The "Pontificia Commissio Codici iuris canonici recognoscendo", which had been established in 1963, continued the work of revising the Code of Canon Law through the pontificate of Paul VI, completing the work in the first years of the pontificate of John Paul II.
On 25 January 1983, with the Apostolic Constitution "Sacrae disciplinae leges" John Paul II promulgated the current Code of Canon Law for all members of the Catholic Church who belonged to the Latin Rite. It entered into force the first Sunday of the following Advent, which was 27 November 1983. In the Apostolic Constitution, the Pope described the new Code as "the last document of Vatican II", commenting on it in this way:
In 1998 Pope John Paul II issued the motu proprio "Ad Tuendam Fidem", which amended two canons (750 and 1371) of the 1983 Code of Canon Law and two canons (598 and 1436) of the 1990 Code of Canons of the Eastern Churches, so as to add "new norms which expressly impose the obligation of upholding truths proposed in a definitive way by the Magisterium of the Church, and which also establish related canonical sanctions."
On December 15, 2009, Pope Benedict XVI issued the motu proprio "Omnium in Mentem", which amended five canons (1008, 1009, 1086, 1117, 1124) of the 1983 Code of Canon Law clarifying that, among those in Holy Orders, only bishops and priests received the power and mission to act in the person of Christ the Head while deacons obtained the faculty to exercise the "diakonias" of service, Word, and charity. The amendments also removed formal defection from the Catholic faith as excusing Catholics from the canonical form of marriage.
While there have been many vernacular translations of the Code, only the original Latin text has the force of law.
Ecclesiological inspiration of the 1983 Code.
The Vatican II Decree "Optatam totius" (no. 16), in view of the decision to reform the existing Code, laid down that "the teaching of Canon law should take into account the mystery of the Church, according to the dogmatic constitution "De Ecclesia"". The 1917 Pio-Benedictine Code was in fact structured according to the Roman law division of "norms, persons, things, procedures, penalties". The 1983 Code, in total contrast, was deliberately given a much more doctrinal-theological structure. Thus it is configured, as far as possible, according to the "mystery of the Church", the most significant books - Two, Three and Four - corresponding to the "munus regendi", the "munus sanctificandi", and the "munus docendi" (the "missions" of governance, of worship/sanctification, and of teaching) which in turn derive from the kingly, the priestly and the prophetic roles or functions of Christ.
Structure in detail.
The 1983 Code of Canon Law contains 1752 canons, or laws, most subdivided into paragraphs (indicated by "§") and/or numbers (indicated by "°"). Hence a citation of the Code would be written as Can. (or Canon) 934, §2, 1°.
The Code is organized into seven Books, which are further divided into Part, Section, Title, Chapter and Article. Not every book contains all five subdivisions.
This is the outline of the seven books of the 1983 Code of Canon Law.
BOOK I. GENERAL NORMS (Cann. 1–203)
BOOK II. THE PEOPLE OF GOD (Cann. 204–746)
BOOK III. THE TEACHING FUNCTION OF THE CHURCH (Cann. 747–833)
BOOK IV. THE SANCTIFYING FUNCTION OF THE CHURCH (Cann. 834–1253)
BOOK V. THE TEMPORAL GOODS OF THE CHURCH (Cann. 1254–1310)
BOOK VI. SANCTIONS IN THE CHURCH (Cann. 1311–1399)
BOOK VII PROCESSES (Cann. 1400–1752)
Summary.
Book I. General Norms (Cann. 1–203).
This part of the Codex contains the general norms. It contains the general rules concerning 
Legal sources are laws (including custom as a special way of legislation because of the need of the approval of the legislator), which contain universal regulations, general decrees, instructions and statues, which refer to a special group and in case of statues even are legislated by this group itself and administrative acts, which only decide single cases.
Persons are physical persons or juridical person. In opposition to traditional secular legislation, not every person is a physical person according to the Corpus Juris Canonici. One is constituted a person with duties and rights only by christening.
The Codex the premises for the validity of a juridical act especially in relation to form, coercion, misapprehension and lack of participation.
The power of law is divided in the three authorities of legislative, executive and judiciary. The ability to conduct juridical acts can be joined to an office or it can be delegated to a person. Relating to office, the provision and loss of the ecclesiastical office is regulated.
Time regulates prescription, which goes along with the national regulations, but can only be achieved in good faith, and definitions of time.
Book II. The People of God (Cann. 204–746).
Book two describes the "People of God". It discusses the general rights and obligations of members of the church, and then discusses the ordering of the church, from the Holy See to the local parish.
Adequate to the regulations of part two the hierarchical constitution of religious and secular institutes and societies of apostolic life is shown. A religious institute is a society in which members, according to proper law, pronounce public vows.
This book is divided into three parts
The Christian faithful shows the obligations of the faithful in common, those of the lay and those of the sacred ministers or clerics with special consideration of the formation and enrolment of clerics and personal prelatures. Furthermore the associations of the Christian faithful especially their recognition as a juridic person are constituted, divided in public, private associations and those of the lay.
Part II is entitled, "The Hierarchical Constitution of the Church". This part describes the composition, rights and obligations of the Supreme Authority of the Church, consisting of the Roman Pontiff, the College of Bishops, the Synod of Bishops, the College of Cardinals, the Roman Curia and the Papal legates. Furthermore the dioceses, their organisation with bishop curia and synod and their involvement in ecclesiastical provc vows and lead a life of brothers or sisters in common. A secular institute is an institute of consecrated life in which the Christian faithful, living in the world, strive for the perfection of charity and seek to contribute to the sanctification of the world, especially from within. Societies of apostolic life do not use a vow.
Book III. The Teaching Function of the Church (Cann. 747–833).
Book III describes the teaching function of the church.
The forms of teaching are the ministry of the Divine Word in the forms of the preaching of the word of God and the catechetical instruction, the missionary action of the church, the Catholic education in schools, Catholic universities and other institutes of higher studies and the ecclesiastical universities and faculties, the instruments of communication and books in particular and finally the profession of faith.
Book IV. The Sanctifying Office of the Church (cann. 834–848).
In book four the function of the church and its religious acts are explained. This book is composed of three parts
The sacraments are baptism, confirmation, the most holy Eucharist, penance, anointing of the sick, holy orders and marriage. These sacraments are described with conditions, ceremony and participants.
Other acts of divine worship are sacramentals, the liturgy of the hours, ecclesiastical funerals, the veneration of the saints, sacred images and relics and the vow and oath.
Sacred places are those which are dedicated for divine worship or for the burial of the faithful. The Code knows five kinds of sacred places: churches, oratories and private chapels, shrines, altars and cemeteries. Sacred times are feast days and days of penance.
Book V. The Temporal Goods of the Church (Cann. 1254–1310).
This part of the Corpus Juris is the regulation of the civil law.
There are instructions concerning the acquisition and administration of goods especially the acquisition by bestowal either through an act inter vivos or through an act mortis causa and contracts with special care of alimentation.
Book VI. Sanctions in the Church (Cann. 1311–1399).
Book VI contains the canonical equivalent to secular criminal law. The book has two parts:
The first part declares the necessity of a violation of a law and shows the limits and requirements of such a penal law. It determines reasons, which eliminate the punishment as lack the use of reason, nonage (less than seventeen years), mistake in law or facts, missing causality or intent and self-defence. It also describes social cases as complicity, wilful default and attempt. Possible penalties are censures (excommunication and suspension), expiatory penalties (prohibition or an order concerning residence in a certain place or territory, privation of a power, office, function, right, privilege, faculty, favor, title or insignia) and penal remedies and penances. Finally the right of the application and cessation of penalties is regulated
The second part shows individual delicts, fragmented to delicts against religion and unity of the church, against ecclesiastical authorities and the freedom of the church, against special obligations, against human life and freedom, usurpation of ecclesiastical functions and delicts in their exercise and the crime of falsehood. In addition to these cases (and those stated in other laws) the external violation of a divine or canonical law can be punished, when the special gravity of the violation demands punishment and there is an urgent need to prevent or repair scandals.
Book VII. Processes (Cann. 1400–1752).
Book VII contains the legal procedure. It is divided in 5 parts.
The first part trials in general defines the court system, its two local instances and the Roman Pontiff as the supreme judge with the representation by the tribunals of the Apostolic See, especially the Roman Rota. It determines the participants of the lawsuit, the judge, the auditors and relators, the promoter of justice, the defender of the bond, the notary, the petitioner, the respondent, and the procurators for litigation and advocates. Finally it describes the discipline to be observed in tribunals, with the duty of judges and ministers, the order of adjudication, the time limits and delays, the place of the trial, the persons to be admitted to the court, the manner of preparing and keeping the acts, and the actions and exceptions in general and specific.
The contentious trial begins with the introductory libellus of litigation and the citation and notification of juridical act. The joinder of the issue occurs when the terms of the controversy are defined by the judge, through a decree of the judge. Further on, this part explains the trial of the litigation, especially the absence of a party, the intervention of a third person and the proofs. There are six kinds of proof: declarations of the parties, documents, testimonies, experts, judicial examination and inspection, and presumptions. After taking evidence the acts are published, the case concluded and then discussed. The case ends with the sentence of the judge. The sentence can be challenged by complaint of nullity and by appeal. Finally the res inducta and restitutio in integrum, the execution of the judgement, the judicial expenses and gratuitous legal assistance are regulated. As an alternative to this contentious trial there is the possibility of an oral contentious process.
Part three defines special processes and their special regulations, the marriage process, cases of separation of spouses, process for the dispensation of a marriage ratum et not, the process in the presumed death of spouses, and cases for declaring the nullity of sacred ordination. This part also shows methods of avoiding trials.
Part four shows the proceedings of the penal process, with the preliminary investigation, the trial, and the adhesive procedure.
The last part shows the methods of proceeding in administrative recourse, which can be made by any person who claims to have been aggrieved by a decree, and the removal or transfer of pastors with display of the reasons for the removal or transfer.
Notable canons.
Canon 97 reduces the canonical age of majority from 21 to 18, according to the consensus of civil law.
Canons 823 to 824 decree that bishops are obligated to censor material concerning faith or morals.
The implementation of Canon 915 is quite controversial. See the article "Canon 915" for more information.
Canon 916 decrees clergy in mortal sin are not allowed to celebrate Mass, and laypeople in mortal sin are not allowed to receive the Eucharist, except when they have a grave reason and there is no opportunity to confess, in which case they must make an Act of Perfect Contrition and confess their mortal sins as soon as possible.
Canon 919 §1 decrees a one-hour fast before the reception of the Eucharist (this fast does not include water or medicine).

</doc>
<doc id="19127107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127107" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1928–1930">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1928–1930

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1928 to 21 May 1930. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19127116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127116" title="West Industrial, Saskatoon">
West Industrial, Saskatoon

West Industrial is a light industrial area in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. This neighborhood extends north of 11th Street, south of the rail and west of Avenue P south.

</doc>
<doc id="19127122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127122" title="Cygnet Island">
Cygnet Island

Cygnet Island is a small islet, with an area of <0.5 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Waterhouse Island Group, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Pacific Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Black-faced Cormorant.
Other islands in the Waterhouse Group with breeding seabirds include:

</doc>
<doc id="19127141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127141" title="List of books about nuclear issues">
List of books about nuclear issues

This is a list of books about nuclear issues. They are non-fiction books which relate to uranium mining, nuclear weapons and/or nuclear power.

</doc>
<doc id="19127147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127147" title="ColorChecker">
ColorChecker

The ColorChecker Color Rendition Chart (often referred to by its original name, the Macbeth ColorChecker) is a color calibration target consisting of a cardboard-framed arrangement of 24 squares of painted samples. The ColorChecker was introduced in a 1976 paper by McCamy, Marcus, and Davidson in the "Journal of Applied Photographic Engineering". The chart’s color patches have spectral reflectances intended to mimic those of natural objects such as human skin, foliage, and flowers, to have consistent color appearance under a variety of lighting conditions, especially as detected by typical color photographic film, and to be stable over time.
Design.
The ColorChecker chart is a rectangular card measuring about , or in its original incarnation about , an aspect ratio approximately the same as that of 35 mm film. It includes 24 patches in a 4 × 6 grid, each slightly under square, made of matte paint applied to smooth paper, and surrounded by a black border. Six of the patches form a uniform gray lightness scale, and another six are primary colors typical of chemical photographic processes – red, green, blue, cyan, magenta, and yellow. The remaining colors include approximations of medium light and medium dark human skin, blue sky, the front of a typical leaf, and a blue chicory flower. The rest were chosen arbitrarily to represent a gamut "of general interest and utility for test purposes", though the orange and yellow patches are similarly colored to typical oranges and lemons.
Colors.
The colors of the chart were described by McCamy "et al." with colorimetric measurements using the CIE 1931 2° standard observer and Illuminant C, and also in terms of the Munsell color system. Using measured spectral reflectance curves, it is possible to derive CIELAB values for Illuminants "D"65 and "D"50 and coordinates in sRGB.
Use.
Color targets such as the ColorChecker can be captured by cameras and other color input devices, and the resulting images’ output can be compared to the original chart, or to reference measurements, to test the degree to which image acquisition reproduction systems and processes approximate the human visual system’s. Because of its wide availability and use, its careful design, and its consistency, and because comprehensive spectrophotometric measurements are available, the ColorChecker has also been used in academic research into topics such as spectral imaging.
ColorChecker Digital SG.
X-Rite also sells a 140-patch chart called the ColorChecker Digital SG, and is intended for automated use with computer software to characterize digital cameras and scanners.

</doc>
<doc id="19127149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127149" title="Primitive element (finite field)">
Primitive element (finite field)

In field theory, a primitive element of a finite field "GF"("q") is a generator of the multiplicative group of the field. In other words, formula_1 is called a primitive element if it is a primitive ("q"-1) root of unity in "GF"("q"); this means that all the non-zero elements of formula_2 can be written as formula_3 for some (positive) integer formula_4.
For example, 2 is a primitive element of the field "GF"("3") and "GF"("5"), but not of "GF"("7") since it generates the cyclic subgroup of order 3 {2,4,1}; however, 3 is a primitive element of "GF"("7"). The minimal polynomial of a primitive element is a primitive polynomial.
Properties.
Number of Primitive Elements.
The number of primitive elements in a finite field "GF"("n") is "φ"("n" - 1), where "φ"("m") is Euler's totient function, which counts the number of elements less than or equal to "m" which are relatively prime to "m". This can be proved by using the theorem that the multiplicative group of a finite field "GF"("n") is cyclic of order "n" - 1, and the fact that a finite cyclic group of order "m" contains "φ"("m") generators.

</doc>
<doc id="19127156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127156" title="Ashita e no Sanka">
Ashita e no Sanka

"Ashita e no Sanka" () is the debut Japanese-language single by Tibetan singer Alan. The song was produced by Kikuchi Kazuhito and written by Nojima Shinji, with arrangement by Nakano Yuuta. It was released on November 21, 2007, as the lead single from her debut studio album, "Voice of Earth" (2009). It was later released in Taiwan on June 20, 2008.
The single peaked at number sixty-nine on the "Oricon" charts, number twenty on the "G-Music" Jpop/Kpop charts and number nine on the "Five-Music" Jpop/Kpop charts.
An orchestral version of "Ashita e no Sanka" was included as a b-side on her sixth Japanese single "", while the Chinese version, titled "Mingri Zange" (明日讚歌), was included on her second Chinese album "Xin De Dongfang". A Chinese version of the b-side song "Sakura Modern", titled "San Sheng Shi San Sheng Lu" (三生石 三生路), was included on her Chinese single "Xin Zhan (Red Cliff)".
Marty Friedman covered "Ashita e no Sanka" on his instrumental album "Tokyo Jukebox" (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19127165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127165" title="La Ferme de Mon Père">
La Ferme de Mon Père

La Ferme de Mon Père (French for "My Father's Farm") was a restaurant in Megève, France, owned by the French chef Marc Veyrat. It was famous for being one of two restaurants, both owned by Veyrat, to receive a perfect score (20/20) from the French food guidebook Gault Millau. No restaurant had earned a perfect score of 20 before because the authors of Gault Millau had thought perfection was impossible to achieve. It combined an inn with the restaurant, both operating under the same name in a reconstructed farmhouse. The restaurant also had a three-star rating from the Michelin Guide. One of the most unusual aspects of the design of the restaurant was the presence of farm animals inside the building and visible from the dining area. During your meal you could look through interior windows placed in the walls and at least one window in the floor and watch bucolic scenes from a barn including cows, chickens and other creatures. The animals were insulated aromatically from the dining area.
The restaurant was closed in 2005 and remained closed until the Zannier group purchased the chalet complex and fully renovated during 2011. The Restaurant, spa and luxury chalet is operated now under the name of Le Chalet Zannier.

</doc>
<doc id="19127170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127170" title="When Will You Return?">
When Will You Return?

"When Will You Return?" () is a song first sung by Zhou Xuan in 1937, but now better known as a song by Teresa Teng. The lyrics were written by Huang Jiamo (黄嘉謨) to a tune composed by Liu Xue'an (劉雪庵). The song has also been variously translated as "When Will the Gentleman Come Back Again?" or "When Will You Come Back Again?"
Background.
Composition.
According Liu Xue'an son, the tune was written by Liu Xue'an during an undergraduate party at the Shanghai Music Conservatory where an impromptu song-composing competition was suggested. Liu wrote the melody quickly, played it as a tango song and won the approval of other students. The director Fang Peilin liked the tune and asked Huang Jiamo to write the lyrics to be used for his new film.
Controversy.
The song was highly popular as well as controversial. The controversy arose due to the various interpretations and political readings of its supposed "hidden" meaning. The lyrics were interpreted as either anti-Japanese, treasonous, or pornographic. After 1949 the song was banned by the People's Republic of China because it was seen as bourgeois and decadent. The writer Liu was criticized and suffered during the Anti-Rightist Movement in 1957 and during the Cultural Revolution in the 1960s. He offered a public self-criticism in 1980 before he was rehabilitated, but criticism of the song continued in mainland China for some time as an example of "Yellow Music", a product of decadent and immoral society.
This song was also banned in Taiwan in the times of martial law because the word 君 jūn "gentleman" (here used to address the person, therefore translated "you") sounds in the same way as the word 軍 jūn ("army"), therefore censors feared that people may associate the song with People's Liberation Army.
Zhou Xuan's original version.
The song was originally sung by Zhou Xuan and first appeared as an accompaniment to the film "Three Stars by the Moon" (三星伴月), a 1937 film of Zhou Xuan produced by the Yihua film company. The film was one of the last silent movies made in China, and the only silent movie Zhou Xuan starred in. The songs in the film were probably played to the audience on a gramophone synchronized with the action.
Teresa Teng's version.
The song became heavily associated with Teresa Teng through her cover version, released in 1979. In Mainland China, Teng became prominent via the song. Geremie R. Barmé, author of "In the Red: On Contemporary Chinese Culture", described the song as a "nostalgic ode". Barmé said that some individuals on the Mainland condemned the song, describing it as "traitorous" and "obscene".
Memorials for Teng have included performances of "When Will You Return?"
Other cover versions.
The song has been covered by Li Xianglan (in Chinese/Japanese), Li Lili, Claire Kuo, Fei Yu-ching, Lisa Ono, and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="19127190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127190" title="Muffin-tin approximation">
Muffin-tin approximation

The muffin-tin approximation is a shape approximation of the potential field in an atomistic environment. It is most commonly employed in quantum mechanical simulations of electronic band structure in solids. The approximation was proposed by John C. Slater. Augmented plane wave method is a method which uses muffin-tin approximation. It is a method to approximate the energy states of an electron in a crystal lattice. The basis approximation lies in the potential in which the potential is assumed to be spherically symmetric in the muffin-tin region and constant in the interstitial region. Wave functions (the augmented plane waves) are constructed by matching solutions of the Schrödinger equation within each sphere with plane-wave solutions in the interstitial region, and linear combinations of these wave functions are then determined by the variational method Many modern electronic structure methods employ the approximation. Among them are the augmented plane wave (APW) method, the linear muffin-tin orbital method (LMTO) and various Green's function methods. One application is found in the variational theory developed by Korringa (1947) and by Kohn and Rostocker (1954) referred to as the "KKR method". This method has been adapted to treat random materials as well, where it is called the "KKR coherent potential approximation".
In its simplest form, non-overlapping spheres are centered on the atomic positions. Within these regions, the screened potential experienced by an electron is approximated to be spherically symmetric about the given nucleus. In the remaining interstatial region, the potential is approximated as a constant. Continuity of the potential between the atom-centered spheres and interstatial region is enforced.
In the interstatial region of constant potential, the single electron wave functions can be expanded in terms of plane waves. In the atom-centered regions, the wave functions can be expanded in terms of spherical harmonics and the eigenfunctions of a radial Schrödinger equation. Such use of functions other than plane waves as basis functions is termed the augmented plane-wave approach (of which there are many variations). It allows for an efficient representation of single-particle wave functions in the vicinity of the atomic cores where they can vary rapidly (and where plane waves would be a poor choice on convergence grounds in the absence of a pseudopotential).

</doc>
<doc id="19127197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127197" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1930–1932">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1930–1932

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1930 to 21 May 1932. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19127216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127216" title="Kutak Rock">
Kutak Rock

Kutak Rock LLP is national law firm with more than 450 attorneys in 16 offices around the nation serving local, regional and national clients in a multidisciplinary practice. Offices are located in Atlanta, Chicago, Denver, Fayetteville, Irvine, Kansas City, Little Rock, Los Angeles, Minneapolis, Oklahoma City, Omaha, Philadelphia, Richmond, Scottsdale, Washington, D.C. and Wichita. The firm is rated "AV" by Martindale-Hubbell — the highest rating that independent organization confers on a law firm.
History.
The firm was founded in 1965 by Robert J. Kutak and Harold Rock. Robert Kutak, a founder of the firm, chaired the American Bar Association commission which developed the new Model Rules of Professional Conduct and rewrote ethical standards for lawyers; today, the ABA offers a legal education award named for him. He was also instrumental in purchasing and preserving the Omaha Bank Building for use as the firm's main office. He died of a heart attack in 1983, at age 50.
Practice areas.
Kutak Rock has large practices in general corporate, corporate finance, real estate, litigation, banking, bankruptcy, intellectual property and technology, labor and employment, employee benefits, securitization, tax, tax credits, health care, public finance, insurance, federal practice, environmental, government relations and antitrust matters.

</doc>
<doc id="19127236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127236" title="Capodimonte">
Capodimonte

Capodimonte (lit. "head of mountain") is an Italian placename. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19127242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127242" title="Chromodoris willani">
Chromodoris willani

Chromodoris willani is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae. The species is named for the renowned nudibranch taxonomist Dr. Richard C. Willan.
Distribution.
This nudibranch is found in the Western Pacific Ocean, from Indonesia and the Philippines to Vanuatu.
Description.
"Chromodoris willani" is similar in appearance to "Chromodoris lochi", "Chromodoris boucheti" and "Chromodoris dianae". This species can be distinguished by the very prominent white specks found on the gills and rhinophores.
Individuals in this species can range in color from dark blue to a translucent white. All have black stripes with the center-most stripe typically being non-continuous.

</doc>
<doc id="19127258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127258" title="Rootok Island">
Rootok Island

Rootok Island (also called "Aektok", "Aiaktak", "Ouektock", "Aiaiepta", "Veniaminof", or "Goloi" (alt: "Goly"; "bare") is the smallest member of the Krenitzin Islands, a subgroup of the Fox Islands in the eastern Aleutian Islands in Alaska, United States. The island's common spelling of "Rooktok" appears to have arisen from "Aektok". Deviations in compass readings of up to 3 degrees from normal have been observed off the island's north-western side. The island was set aside to house a lighthouse on January 4, 1901; though no navigation aids were ever constructed. The island is uninhabited and it is long and wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19127261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127261" title="Marc Ribot discography">
Marc Ribot discography

This discography includes albums by guitarist Marc Ribot and significant recordings to which he has contributed. The year in brackets indicates the date of first release.
As sideman.
With Noël Akchoté
With Ambitious Lovers
With the Anarchist Republic of Bzzz
With Trey Anastasio
With Laurie Anderson
With Dick Annegarn
With Aterciopelados
With Auktyon
With Susana Baca
With Eszter Balint
With Cyro Baptista
With Barkmarket
With Alain Bashung
"'With Badawi
With The Black Keys
With Claus Boesser-Ferrari
With Richard Buckner
With Solomon Burke
With Robert Burger
With T Bone Burnett
With Andrés Calamaro
With Vinicius Cantuária
With Marco Cappelli
With Vinicio Capossela
With Lori Carson
With James Carter
With Charming Hostess
With Chocolate Genius
With Shemekia Copeland
With Cibo Matto
With Club d'Elf
With Anthony Coleman
With Tom Cora
With Gal Costa
With Elvis Costello
With Corin Curschellas
With Dead Combo
With Devine & Stratton
With DJ Logic
With Dave Douglas
With the Lucien Dubuis Trio
"Ultime Cosmos" (Enja, 2009)
With Marty Ehrlich's Dark Woods Ensemble
With Elysian Fields
With Carol Emanuel
With Mikel Erentxun
With Ellery Eskelin
With Evan and Jaron
With Ellery Eskelin
With Marianne Faithfull
With The Flaming Hoops
With Foetus
With Gavin Friday & The Man Seezer
With Sue Garner
With Allen Ginsberg
With Ely Guerra
With Joe Henry
With Yuka Honda
With The Jazz Passengers
With Freedy Johnston
With Norah Jones
With Hoppy Kamiyama
With Mory Kanté
With The Klezmatics
With Makigami Koichi
With Mary La Rose
With The Latebirds
With Gina Leishman
With Arto Lindsay
With David Linx
With Frank London
With the Lounge Lizards
With Allen Lowe
With Evan Lurie
With John Lurie
With Giovanni Maier
With Maria McKee
With Medeski Martin & Wood
With Jun Miyake
With Marisa Monte
With Ikue Mori
With Sarah Jane Morris
With Jean-Louis Murat
With Roy Nathanson
With Steve Nieve
With Sean Noonan Brewed by Noon
With Seigen Ono
With Mike Patton
With Madeleine Peyroux
With Philadelphy's Paint
With Sam Phillips
With Pissuk Rachav
With Robert Plant & Alison Krauss
With David Poe
With Jim Pugliese
With Greg Ribot and The International Conspiracy
With Stan Ridgway
With Jon Rose
With Rough Assemblage
With David Sanborn
With Boris Savoldelli
With 17 Hippies
With David Shea
With Harry Shearer
With Sion
With Slut
With Wadada Leo Smith
With Tim Sparks
With Shelby Starner
With Syd Straw
With The Surfers
With David Sylvian
With Third Person
With Tanita Tikaram
With Allen Toussaint
With Tricky
With McCoy Tyner
With Kazutoki Umezu
With Silvain Vanot
With Caetano Veloso
With Tom Waits
With Bill Ware
With Rob Wasserman
With Sanda Weigl
With Cassandra Wilson
With Norman Yamada
With Akiko Yano
With Zakarya
With Hector Zazou
With Amir Ziv's Kotkot
With John Zorn

</doc>
<doc id="19127301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127301" title="Saecular">
Saecular

Saecular may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19127305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127305" title="Shiatzy Chen">
Shiatzy Chen

Shiatzy Chen () is a Taiwanese fashion house, whose founder and brand innovator Wang Chen Tsai-Hsia (王陳彩霞) is often referred to as the Chanel of Taiwan, and is the eponym of her luxury goods brand. She was born in 1951 in Changhua, Taiwan and founded the company in 1978. The brand spirit for Shiatzy Chen is "neo-Chinese chic", which transfers historical Chinese aesthetics into modern fashion design. Shiatzy adopts Chinese aesthetics in combination with western cuttings and Chinese handcrafting techniques.The brand is known for its distinctive design features drawn from Chinese culture such as qipao collars, knot buckles, or patterns in a Chinese ink painting.
"Forbes" magazine ranked Mrs Wang as one of the 25 Influential Chinese In Global Fashion.
Founding.
Changhua-born Wang Chen Tsai-Hsia was not formally educated in the industry but learned her trade by working at her uncle's factory. She met her husband Wang Yuan-hong (王元宏), a smart businessman in the textile trade, and together they founded Shiatzy International Company Limited in 1978, over which they maintain total control. For over 30 years Wang worked on making her name in the local market and had built a client list of nearly 25,000 people, in 2011 sales reached about US$60 million, according to the company. Wives of politicians, diplomats and business executives, in particular, would purchase Shiatzy's dresses before taking trips abroad. In fact, these women, with their significant purchasing power, constitute the majority of the company's customers in Taiwan many of whom are high society types. In 1990, Shiatzy Chen set up a studio in Paris to stay on top of fashion trends and to learn more about Western dressmaking techniques. The studio also serves as a training center for Taiwanese dressmakers and designers.
A line of men's wear was added to the company's product list in 1987. The label men's wear line has a strong following among politicians, technology millionaires, banking and telecoms tycoons, artistic types, costume collectors and clotheshorses. Although Shiatzy Chen does not have a bespoke men's line, a part of her men's wear business is devoted to the sale of off-the-peg expensive chang paos intended for weddings and traditional engagement parties. Quilted (or padded) jackets have consistently been among Chen's most popular items in her winter collections. They usually come with a wide range of options as to fabric, pattern, color combination, and style. They are often reversible, with silk inside and cotton outside, or vice versa. The winter quilted jackets are usually the first to sell out during sales.
Designer Wang entered the Chinese market in 2003 in Shanghai and opened up further stores in Hong Kong and Beijing. Shiatzy Chen's Shanghai flagship store, which opened in October 2005, exhibit a distinctively Chinese heritage amidst the parade of Western fashion marques that now dominate The Bund. The building's Chinese pedigree made it an obvious location for Ms. Wang ambition to create a strong Chinese presence on the Bund. Work on restoring the original, red brick exterior look and on converting offices into a modern and artistic showplace for Shiatzy Chen's exquisite creations began in late 2001.
The interior was fashioned by the renowned Indonesian designer Jaya Ibrahim. This is in addition to the 48 outlets she already has in Taiwan, 23 directly managed stores and 25 department store counters. The company presently has over 1,000 employees and manufactures more than 100,000 items of clothing each year. After years of running a factory in suburban Taipei, the company opened its second one in Shanghai in 2007. The building of 6600 square meters has been designed by German architect Johannes Hartfuss,more than 1,000 employees including dressmakers and embroiderers are employed to produce tens of thousands of clothing items annually based on over 400 styles created by its designers. A large proportion of profits is going into research and design, there will also be further recruitment of talent in design, marketing and manufacturing.
In 2001, Shiatzy Chen branched into the international market with a store in Paris. The company has enough funds to expand quickly over the next 10 years and achieve significant market penetration, not just in China—the short-term goal—but in the mature high-end markets of New York, Milan, London and Tokyo, which made the Taiwanese fashion brand the first to enter the European market and attracted the attention of fashionistas around the world. Shiatzy Chen is one of the few homegrown designer labels in Taiwan with an international clientele. Mainland China remains the primary focus, with a factory and an office in Shanghai and a target of 50 mainland stores by 2010. The label has also been trying to diversify its product line. About three years ago, it began expanding its catalogue with accessories sold in all Shiatzy stores and furniture, available at the three flagship stores in Taipei, Shanghai and Paris. The label has been listed on the London-based "Financial Times" pick of what is hot in 2004. It was also deemed the most popular fashion brand in Taiwan by "The Wall Street Journal Asia".
Shiatzy Chen designs attract many famous clients such as Elizabeth Hurley, Shaw-Lan Wang, Lin Chi-ling, Patty Hou, Brigitte Lin, Pansy Ho, Rainie Yang, Ting-Ting Hu, Dee Hsu, international style icon Victoria Beckham, Aska Yang, Leehom Wang, Jason Hu, Ming Dow, Tsai Ming-liang and the current President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou.
In June 2010, Shiatzy Chen and the tea culture brand CHA CHA THÉ opened an exclusive sales area in the super upscale Galeries Lafayette department store in Paris.
One hundred models showed off 100 dresses with the theme of flowers at Taipei's Lin An-tai Ancestral Home,located in the park for the Taipei International Flora Expo.The ideas for the dresses came from the many kinds of flowers in Taiwan to reflect the theme of the expo. The show has broken three records in Taiwan's fashion business - the longest catwalk, the most models in one show, and the longest finishing pose. A total of 100 EeLin models took to the catwalk with Shiatzy Chen's flora-inspired spring-summer collection, approximately 200 people, including politicians and ambassadors, attended the show.
Paris Fashion Week.
In 2008 Wang prepares her label's Paris Fashion Week debut, Shiatzy Chen becomes just the second Taiwanese design house to show a collection at the official Paris Fashion Week (the first was Yufengshawn, 馭風騷, in 2005). Shiatzy Chen, presented the show on October 5, 2008 at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts on the Left Bank in central Paris. The debut of Shiatzy Chen's spring/summer 2009 collection in October is also a highlight as the label celebrates its 30th anniversary. The show was of great significance for the fashion label because it was one of the official events of the Paris Fashion Week. They quickly drew the attention of more than 200 international buyers, media members and fashion aficionados, impressing them with outfits that have distinctive Chinese design features. The fashion house now plans to take part in the event regularly in order to build a global reputation. For the Taiwan market, which remains the major source of revenue, the company stages fashion shows twice a year. Unlike most big international fashion shows abroad that present clothing half a year ahead of time, however, Shiatzy's shows in Taiwan launch collections only for the current season. This is because the Taiwan shows are mostly for Shiatzy's VIP clients, who purchase the clothes for their own use, rather than commercial buyers. Anna Wintour was the inspiration for the Shiatzy Chen collection A/W 2010/ 11, shown at the Beaux Arts at Paris Fashion Week. All the girls wore her famous bob and tinted glasses, along with some feminine but strict dresses, very working girl, the woman CEO type. On November 9, 2009 Shiatzy Chen became a member of the Chambre syndicale du prêt-à-porter des couturiers et des créateurs de mode. 
Cha Cha Thé.
Shiatzy Chen recently opened Cha Cha Thé/采采食茶文化, an upscale modern space tea lounge bar in Taipei. Chic clientele show up for pricey afternoon tea meals and buy designer tea ware and other expensively packaged gifts. In order to set the brand on a new direction, Shiatzy Chen identified the opportunity for a range of tea related products, the creation of a custom-made packaging approach for a diverse array of products ranging from exquisite patisserie and rare teas, through to ceramic tea sets. The products themselves reflect the diverse heritage of tea culture and share a passion for detail and an intimate knowledge of the design of the tea experience. Cha Cha Thé/采采食茶文化 is part of a global business; the option of opening branches in some other major cities is now being explored. There are plans to open similar shops in Beverly Hills, New York City and London.
Exhibitions.
From June 23 to September 13, 2010, more than 270 qipao of different styles and eras were displayed at the Hong Kong Museum of History entitled "The Evergreen Classic – Transformation of the Qipao". With some 400 pictures and nine multi-media programmes, the exhibition gave the public an opportunity to view the full development of the qipao and to appreciate its classic beauty. Besides featuring qipao from different times, the exhibition also displayed several signature showpieces of Shiatzy Chen presented at Paris Fashion Week to give new perspectives on how a contemporary fashion designer injected fashion and modern elements into the qipao and reinterpreted the qipao tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="19127308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127308" title="Azusa Civic Center">
Azusa Civic Center

The Azusa Civic Center is the center of city government in Azusa, California, a city located to the northeast of Los Angeles. The Mission/Spanish Revival buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
Construction and history.
The City of Azusa started work on its civic center in 1904 when the city's public library was moved to the area that is now the civic center. In 1928, the City completed construction of the two main wings of the civic center, with City Hall on one side and the municipal auditorium on the other. In 1929, a nine-foot by fifteen-foot miniature of the new Azusa Civic Center, made largely out of plaster-of-paris, was displayed as Azusa's exhibit at the Los Angeles County Fair. The Civic Center was completed in 1945 with the completion of the fire department's headquarters. At the time of the center's completion, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that the addition of the Fire Department to "Azusa's carefully designed Civic Center" added another section to the double-winged, one-story building that then housed the City Hall, Mayor's office, Chamber of Commerce, Public Library, Police Department, Water and Light Department, City Clerk, Treasurer, engineer and building inspector. All of the structures in the Civic Center were designed with a common Mission/Spanish Revival style of architecture. Since 1949, the Civic Center has been the location for musical events, a carnival, a parade, and other events associated with Azusa's annual "Golden Days" celebration conducted each fall.
Celebration of a running gag: "Anaheim, Azusa and Cucamonga".
A popular running gag on the long-running radio comedy "The Jack Benny Program" involved a train caller, voiced by Mel Blanc, calling out, "Train leaving on Track Five for Anaheim, Azusa and Cucamonga." The gag, which also continued on Jack Benny's television program, brought national attention to the three cities. In 1966, a widely publicized ceremony was held at the Azusa Civic Center, celebrating "Jack Benny Day." The celebration included a parade around Azusa's city hall with marching bands, drum majorettes and Benny seated on the tailgate of a small red wagon pulled by four Liliputian horses. Benny was given gold keys to the cities on Hawaiian leis presented by the queens of the three cities. Benny explained the origin of the gag as follows:"About 25 years ago on radio, we were looking for the names of three suburban cities that would rhyme for a railroad scene featuring Mel Blanc. We didn't look for sustaining gags, you can't create them artificially. We used it once, twice, three times. Each time the audience laughed louder. We were not about to give up a good thing." The gag was so popular that, when Benny died in 1974, the headline in the "Los Angeles Times" read: "Last Call for Anaheim, Azusa and Cucamonga ..."
Historic designation.
The Azusa Civic Center was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 21, 2002. It is the only site in Azusa to be listed on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19127322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127322" title="Yangju highway incident">
Yangju highway incident

The Yangju highway incident, also known as the Yangju training accident or Highway 56 Accident, occurred on June 13, 2002, in Yangju, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. A United States Army armored vehicle, returning to base in Uijeongbu on a public road after training maneuvers in the countryside, struck and killed two 14-year-old South Korean schoolgirls, Shin Hyo-sun (Korean: 신효순) and Shim Mi-seon (Korean: 심미선).
The American soldiers involved were found not guilty of negligent homicide in the court martial, further inflaming anti-American sentiment in South Korea. The memory of the two schoolgirls is commemorated annually in South Korea.
The accident.
An American military convoy subordinate to the 2nd Infantry Division of 8th United States Army set out to undertake a training exercise at a range approximately 12 miles (19 kilometers) north of metropolitan Seoul. As the convoy passed along a narrow country road near Yangju City, Gyeonggi Province, one of the convoy's armored vehicles, weighing approximately 57 tons, struck and killed two 14 year old South Korean schoolgirls, Shim Mi-son and Shin Hyo-sun, as they walked along the side of the roadway on their way to a birthday party.
Legal proceedings.
On July 5, 2002, as a result of this incident, and in accordance with the U.S.-ROK Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA), which stipulates that U.S. military personnel fall under the jurisdiction of U.S. military courts should they commit crimes while performing official duties, both the driver of the vehicle, Sergeant Mark Walker, and the vehicle’s commander, Sergeant Fernando Nino, were charged with "negligent homicide” under the U.S. military’s Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) for "negligently failing to ensure the safe operation of the vehicle."
Seeking to prosecute the two soldiers in civilian courts under South Korean law, however, on July 10, the South Korean Justice Ministry requested that the USFK command transfer jurisdiction in the case to the South Korean legal system. While the SOFA stipulates that U.S. military personnel performing official duties fall under the jurisdiction of U.S. military courts, jurisdiction can be transferred to South Korea at the discretion of the U.S. military commander.
Citing concerns about setting a precedent in terms of allowing civilian proceedings against U.S. military personnel, then Judge Advocate of the USFK, Colonel Kent Myers, said the U.S. command would not do so, noting that the U.S. Army had waived jurisdiction only once before in a case in which the act committed was intentional and not accidental. In a statement issued by the USFK, Col. Myers noted that Walker and Nino were clearly performing assigned duties in an official capacity and were therefore subject to the UCMJ under the U.S.-ROK SOFA.
Although they refused the request of the South Korean Justice Ministry, American officials did, however, invite more than 30 media representatives, representatives from the South Korean Justice Ministry, the South Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade, and from other South Korean non-governmental organizations (NGOs) to observe the trials. In addition, rooms with closed circuit television (CCTV) coverage were provided to accommodate the increased level of interest. Moreover, families of the victims were invited to attend and, to protect their privacy, were offered the use of a separate CCTV-equipped room staffed with an interpreter and military lawyer to explain the processes involved. In addition to these actions, public statements made by U.S. officials stressed the fair and impartial nature of the U.S. military legal process.
During the proceedings, lawyers for Sgt. Nino contended that he attempted to alert Sgt. Walker to the presence of the two girls on the periphery of the road. Reports differ as to whether Sgt. Walker did not hear the order due to a defective communications device or because he had altered the frequency of his radio in order to communicate with others in the convoy.
Sergeants Nino and Walker were subsequently found not guilty of "negligent homicide" in verdicts issued independently by two separate panels on Wednesday, November 20 and Friday, November 22, 2002. While demonstrators questioned the legitimacy and objectivity of the U.S. military court and its verdict, the South Korean Justice Ministry voiced dissatisfaction with the verdict, but respect for the process as employed.
Acquittal and expressions of anti-American sentiment.
Full apologies were issued by American civilian and military officials at various levels of authority immediately after the incident and repeated throughout the course of the legal proceedings. In addition, visits were made to the families of the two victims, and compensation was paid to the surviving family members. U.S. President George W. Bush also phoned then South Korean President Kim Dae-jung and expressed his regret over the deaths of the two South Korean schoolgirls.
However, the acquittal of the two servicemen sparked anti-American demonstrations in various locations, termed "the biggest anti-American protests the country has seen in recent years" by a BBC report covering the December 2002 visit of then U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage to South Korea. The same report also suggested that presidential elections in South Korea, set to take place that same December, may have focused attention on the issue as a larger referendum on the U.S.-ROK relationship, and thus exacerbated tensions. In addition to anger, sadness, and outrage at the death of the two girls, this move sparked protests in several locations as South Koreans expressed a desire for greater control over foreign military forces stationed in South Korea and urged that the SOFA be revised accordingly. Father Mun Jeong Hyeon, a Roman Catholic priest active in the anti-USFK movement, began a hunger strike outside the U.S. Embassy in Seoul.
In addition to a series of large demonstrations at U.S. military installations and a rally attended by more than 50,000 people in Seoul during the second week of December, attacks, including fire bombings, were launched at the Yongsan Garrison and both the South Korean and American personnel responsible for guarding U.S. military installations in South Korea. In one incident in December 2002, an unarmed U.S. Army officer, Lieutenant Colonel Steven A. Boylan, was attacked by three South Korean men wielding a knife outside the Garrison. Colonel Boylan suffered only minor injuries.
Aftermath.
In the months following the incident, both the U.S. military and the South Korean government took actions to attempt to address the circumstances seen as having led to the deaths of the two schoolgirls. As of August 2002, the U.S. Army banned all armored vehicles of the type involved in the June 13th accident from civilian roads. In addition, the U.S. Army announced more than 20 additional measures to improve safety during training exercises, including improvements to the notification system used to communicate with community leaders about upcoming training exercises, the installation of additional mirrors on U.S. Army vehicles to improve driver visibility, and the retrofitting of additional intercom systems on U.S. military vehicles to allow for direct communication between drivers and vehicle commanders.
Officials from Gyeonggi Province also took actions to address another issue seen to have contributed to the accident, inadequate transportation infrastructure. Reports indicated that one factor that may have contributed to the deaths of Shim Mi-son and Shin Hyo-sun, was the width and design of the roads in the area near their home village. Not only are roads in the area narrow, they do not always have space allocated along their periphery for pedestrians to use as walkways. Some have posited that this design contributes to the number of traffic accidents in South Korea in general. Given that the armored vehicles traveling in the convoy on June 13 are wider than both a typical passenger vehicle and than the lanes marked on most roads, and that the two girls were struck on the right-hand side of an uphill S-curve curving to the right, some reports posited that the design of the road where the accident occurred, and the width of the vehicles, the lanes on the road, and the road itself may have exacerbated the dangers already inherent when military vehicles operate within a civilian environment.
As such, improvements were made to the road where the incident took place as part of a $94 million plan to improve more than of roads throughout the province. A major focal point of the project was the completion of improvements to roads used by the 2nd Infantry Division. Officials focused on widening, straightening, and smoothing the roads, while also adding footpaths. Begun in December 2002, reports suggest the project was 85 percent complete as of February 2004 and set to be concluded by April 2004. While the South Korean national government spent almost $1 million to acquire the land necessary to widen several stretches of road, in some cases by 2–3 feet, the cost of construction fell upon the Gyeonggi provincial government.

</doc>
<doc id="19127357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127357" title="Nana Iwasaka">
Nana Iwasaka

Nana Iwasaka (岩坂名奈 "Iwasaka Nana", born July 3, 1990) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Hisamitsu Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="19127371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127371" title="Sioux City and Pacific Railroad">
Sioux City and Pacific Railroad

The Sioux City and Pacific Railroad was a railroad in the U.S. states of Iowa and Nebraska. Built as a connection from Sioux City to the Union Pacific Railroad at Fremont, it became part of the Chicago and North Western Railway system in the 1880s, and is now a main line of the Union Pacific (UP). The east-west portion from Fremont to Missouri Valley is the Blair Subdivision, carrying mainly westbound UP trains (most eastbounds use the Omaha Subdivision), and the line from California Junction north to Sioux City is the Sioux City Subdivision.
History.
The Pacific Railway Act of 1862 defined a network of branches that would begin at the Missouri River and join the main line of the Union Pacific Railroad in or near Nebraska. The UP was required to build the branch from Sioux City, but an 1864 amendment released the UP from this obligation, allowing any railroad arriving at Sioux City from the east, or any newly incorporated railroad, to construct the line and gain the associated land grants. The Sioux City and Pacific Railroad was organized for this purpose in August 1864, and soon came under common ownership with the Cedar Rapids and Missouri River Railroad, a land-grant company, leased by the Chicago and North Western Railway, that completed its road across Iowa to Council Bluffs in April 1867. To build the portion in Nebraska, the Northern Nebraska Air Line Railroad was incorporated in June 1867 and merged into the Sioux City and Pacific in September 1868.
In August 1867 the Cedar Rapids and Missouri River opened a branch from Missouri Valley Junction west to California Junction (sold to the Sioux City and Pacific in July 1871), where the Sioux City and Pacific, funded by the Cedar Rapids and Missouri River, began constructing its line north through the Missouri River Valley, reaching Sioux City in February 1868. The line from California Junction west to Fremont, Nebraska was completed in early 1869, initially crossing the Missouri River via a car ferry. From 1870 until July 1884, the Sioux City and Pacific operated the Fremont, Elkhorn and Missouri Valley Railroad, which continued northwest from Fremont into northwestern Nebraska. (The Illinois Central Railroad subsidiary Iowa Falls and Sioux City Railroad opened the first eastern connection to Sioux City in October 1870.) The Blair Bridge opened in late 1883, replacing the car ferry across the Missouri River. In 1884, the Chicago and North Western acquired control of the Cedar Rapids and Missouri River and the connecting Chicago, Iowa and Nebraska Railroad, which had jointly purchased the Sioux City and Pacific in 1880. Operations remained separate until August 1901, when the C&NW leased and soon merged the company into itself. (During the previous month, the Sioux City and Pacific had bought the incomplete roadbed of the Moville Extension Railway, which the C&NW completed that year, branching off the main line at Sergeant Bluff and connecting to an existing C&NW line at Moville.)
The line became more important in the 1960s, when the point where the UP and C&NW interchanged transcontinental traffic was moved from Council Bluffs to Fremont, allowing for a shorter route via Blair. After the UP acquired control of the C&NW in 1995, it implemented directional running in late 1996, taking eastbound trains (including Powder River Basin coal) over the longer but flatter Omaha Subdivision through Council Bluffs. However, high-priority "Z" intermodal trains use the Blair Subdivision in both directions.

</doc>
<doc id="19127388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127388" title="Kapiolani">
Kapiolani

Kapiolani may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19127434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127434" title="Heroku">
Heroku

Heroku is a cloud platform as a service (PaaS) supporting several programming languages. Heroku was acquired by Salesforce.com in 2010. Heroku, one of the first cloud platforms, has been in development since June 2007, when it supported only the Ruby programming language, but has since added support for Java, Node.js, Scala, Clojure and Python and (undocumented) PHP and Perl. The base operating system is Debian or, in the newest stack, the Debian-based Ubuntu.
History.
James Lindenbaum, Adam Wiggins, and Orion Henry founded Heroku supporting Rack-compatible projects. In October 2009 Byron Sebastian joined Heroku as CEO. On December 8, 2010 Salesforce.com acquired Heroku as a wholly owned subsidiary of Salesforce.com. On July 12, 2011 Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto, the chief designer of the Ruby programming language, joined the company as Chief Architect, Ruby. That month, Heroku included support for Node.js and Clojure. On September 15, 2011 Heroku and Facebook introduced Heroku for Facebook. Heroku now supports Cloudant, Couchbase Server, MongoDB and Redis, besides the standard PostgreSQL, both as part of the platform and as a standalone service. Applications that are run from the Heroku server use the Heroku DNS Server to direct to the application domain (typically "applicationname.herokuapp.com"). Each of the application containers or "dynos" are spread across a "dyno grid" which consists of several servers. Heroku's Git server handles application repository pushes from permitted users.
The June 2012 North American derecho caused many applications hosted by Heroku to go offline. The service outage lasted less than 24 hours.

</doc>
