<doc id="19202781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202781" title="Australian Royal Symbols">
Australian Royal Symbols

A number of royal symbols exist in Australia, reflecting the country's status as a constitutional monarchy. These include symbols of the monarch of Australia, as well as the monarch's Vice-regal representatives.
Despite the removal or replacement of certain monarchical symbols in recent history, as well as the fact that the Royal Family is not resident in Australia itself, the Crown remains a visible part of the everyday lives of Australians. A number of symbols of the monarchy are based on British heraldry, such as the Royal Coat of Arms of Australia, though these have been adapted with purely Australian symbols, and what were formerly purely British symbols have become symbols of the monarch, or loyalty thereto. Use of the royal Crown is granted by Royal Proclamation, and through royal patronage, certain organizations may also have or use royal symbols. Many organizations in Australia that have been granted a "Royal" prefix often incorporate royal symbols into their imagery.
Images of the sovereign.
Coinage and postage.
The reigning monarch's image is traditionally printed on Australian coins, some currency and postage stamps such as the Queen Elizabeth II definitive stamp. Coins bear an effigy of the monarch as the function of currency to serve as a readily accepted medium of exchange rests on the state being a guarantor of the money's value, and the sovereign is the personal representation of the state itself. Produced by the Royal Australian Mint, all coins portray Queen Elizabeth II on the obverse, with the present effigy having been designed by Ian Rank-Broadley.
Artworks.
Though images of sovereigns have been present in the country since Australia was first settled by Europeans, only in the past century have Australia's royals been portrayed by Australian artists. The official portrait of Her Majesty was painted by Sir William Dargie, although other Australians, namely Rolf Harris, have also painted portraits.
Portraits of the monarch are often found in government buildings (most notably Local Council Chambers), military installations, some schools, as well as Australia's High Commissions and Embassies abroad.
The Crown is used as a heraldic symbol in the coats of arms of the Commonwealth and the states of Victoria, Queensland and Western Australia. Likewise it is used in the state flags of Victoria and Queensland.
The Coat of arms of Australia (or more rarely an image of the Queen) is displayed in Australian federal courtrooms. In a practice dating back to colonial times, state courts traditionally display the personal arms of the sovereign (those currently used by the sovereign in right of the United Kingdom); however in New South Wales some of these have been replaced with the state arms.
Flags.
The Queen's Personal Australian Flag is the symbol of the Australian monarch, and takes precedence over all other Australian flags, including the National flag. Second in precedence is the personal flag of the Governor-General, followed by the flags of the State Governors.
Verbal and musical symbols.
"God Save the Queen" is Australia's Royal Anthem. Due to a contemporaneous mistake in the Government Gazette, it is sometimes thought that the Royal Anthem can only be played in the presence of the Queen. The official Vice-Regal Proclamation, however, makes no such order, meaning the Anthem may be played by Australians to commemorate any occasion. In addition to the Royal Anthem, "Advance Australia Fair" has been adopted as the national anthem, both by proclamation of Governor-General Sir Ninian Stephen, on 19 April 1984. The Vice-Regal Salute, played only for the Governor-General and each state Governor, is the first four and last four bars of "Advance Australia Fair".
In March 2006 organisers of the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne came under fire when it was announced that they would not play "God Save the Queen" at the ceremonies where the Queen was to open the Games. Despite the fact that the song is officially the Royal Anthem of Australia, to be played whenever the sovereign is present, the games organisers refused to play it. After repeated calls from Prime Minister John Howard, organisers agreed to play eight bars of the Royal Anthem at the opening ceremony. However, there remained speculation that the opening of the games could be "thrown into chaos" should thousands of Australians continue to sing "God Save the Queen" after the eight bars were complete, drowning out singer Dame Kiri Te Kanawa and the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra. In the end, with the crowd singing along, Dame Kiri sang Happy Birthday to the Queen, the rendition of which then turned into an abbreviated God Save the Queen, and at which point the majority of attendees at the stadium stood.
A Loyal Toast is also performed at official functions whether or not the sovereign is personally present; it consists of a toast to the health of Her Majesty the Queen, and is usually performed by the host or guest of honour at the ceremony, aside from the Queen herself. In English the toast is: "Ladies and gentlemen, The Queen of Australia". 
Sessions of the High Court of Australia are opened with the words "the High Court of Australia is now in session; God Save the Queen." 
Previously, the Oath of Citizenship contained a statement of allegiance to the reigning monarch. Since 1994, however, new Australian citizens have taken a pledge of allegiance to Australia and its values only. Under Australian nationality law the Queen is not an Australian citizen; but neither is she an alien. As Queen she in a category "sui generis".
The Constitution of Australia requires all Members of the Commonwealth Parliament to swear an oath or make an affirmation of allegiance to the sovereign. 
In the states all parliamentarians of the Legislative Assemblies and Councils (excepting Queensland which is unicameral) swear an oath in the name of the monarch. In the courts all Magistrates, Judges and Justices of the Peace swear in the name of the Queen
Honours and decorations.
Images of St. Edward's, the Tudor, and King's Crown are visible on police forces badges (see New South Wales Police badge), military badges, some state (see Coat of Arms of Western Australia), even personal coats of arms (see Crest of Sydney Boy's High School), on Australia's Royal Coat of Arms and on various Australian decorations and honours. These include the vestments of the Order of Australia
These latter cases reflect the monarch's place as the ceremonial head of the Australian honours system, termed the "fount of honour". As such, only she can approve the creation of an honour, which she does as requested by government of Australia. Although, the Governor-General administers most responsibilities relating to Australian honours on the Queen's behalf.
Geographic names.
There are hundreds of places named after Australian monarchs and members of the Royal Family. The states of Queensland and Victoria were named after Queen Victoria; Adelaide, the capital of South Australia is named after Queen Adelaide, the consort of William IV; the township of Elizabeth, also in South Australia, is named after the present sovereign. Numerous streets, squares, parks and buildings are also named in honour of past or present members of the Royal Family.
Royal presence.
The monarch or a deputed member of the Royal Family may represent Australia abroad or with its territory. For example, the Queen, Prince Charles, and Princess Anne have participated in Australian ceremonies for the anniversary of D-Day in France, most recently in 2004. 
The Queen has toured Australia to celebrate Australian culture, milestone anniversaries, military remembrances, and the like. Other royals will perform the same tasks in the Queen's place, from time to time. These tours are at the invitation of, organised, and paid for by the Australian Government, a State Government, or a combination of both; hence, they are called "official tours" or "official visits".
Members of the Royal Family have presided over military ceremonies, including Trooping of the Colours, inspections of the troops, and anniversaries of key battles. Whenever the Queen is in Canberra she lays a wreath at the Australian War Memorial. Elizabeth II acted in her capacity as Queen of Australia abroad in 2003 when she dedicated the Australian War Memorial in Hyde Park, London. 
Military Honours.
A number of members of the Royal family also hold and have held several distinctions as part of the Australian Defence Forces:

</doc>
<doc id="19202789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202789" title="Shardlow Hall (school)">
Shardlow Hall (school)

Shardlow Hall was a school in Shardlow, a village seven miles south of Derby in the English Midlands. It was founded by B.O.Corbett, who had played football for England, as a preparatory school for boys. One of its notable students was John Harris, who wrote under the name John Wyndham.
Origins.
The school was founded in Shardlow Hall in a structure built in 1684 as a home for the Fosbrooke family. B.O.Corbett, whose brother C.J. "John" Corbett was already the headmaster of another boys' school on Kedleston road in Derby, obtained the hall. The headmaster had earned a Soccer Blue for Oxford University and played for the Corinthians and once for England in 1906 against Wales.
The school was founded in 1911; the following year the head married Ella Stagg in Essex. Within three years Britain was at war with Germany and both the headmaster and the students were fundraising for wounded soldiers. In 1915 a new law known as the "Finance (No. 2) Act" was enacted. This law was intended to prevent companies from making large profits because of the war; however, it affected all companies, not just those who were involved in arms and supplies to the armed forces. In this case "companies" included schools. The excess profits tax was calculated by comparing pre-war and wartime profits; however, companies that had seen growth because they had just started could see their profits cut by fifty per cent. The school's charges were set at twenty-five guineas per year, but additional charges were made for linen, the doctor and music lessons.
O.E.P. Wyatt, who went on be a headmaster at Maidwell Hall from 1929 to 1963, was previously at Shardlow Hall.
The head, Mr. Corbett, went on to retire on hundreds of acres of land that he bought, some of which he gave to the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19202797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202797" title="2008 Conviasa Boeing 737 crash">
2008 Conviasa Boeing 737 crash

A Conviasa Boeing 737-291 Advanced (registered as YV-102T) ferry flight from Maiquetia, Venezuela to Latacunga, Ecuador crashed into Illiniza Volcano. The aircraft had been stored at Caracas and was being ferried to a new owner. There were 3 crew on board, none of whom survived.
Aircraft.
The crashed plane first flew on July 6, 1978 with Frontier Airlines. It later was operated by United Airlines and Atlantic Airlines de Honduras before changing hands to Conviasa.
Investigation and final report.
The accident was investigated by the Dirección General de Aviación Civil (DGAC) of Ecuador. The investigation spanned 622 days following the incident and the final report was released on May 14, 2010. The findings of the report were as follows (translated from Spanish):
"The Accident Investigation Board judges that the probable cause of this accident was non-observance by the flight crew of the technical procedures, configuration, speed and bank angle of the aircraft required to complete the initial turn of Instrument Approach Procedure Number 4 published in the Ecuador AIP Information Publication for Latacunga airport, a failure that placed the aircraft outside of the protected area (published pattern), bringing it into high elevation mountainous terrain."
The report also listed the crew's ignorance of the area surrounding the approach path and lack of airline documentation and procedures governing the conduct of flights to non-scheduled and special airports.

</doc>
<doc id="19202800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202800" title="My Strongest Weakness">
My Strongest Weakness

"My Strongest Weakness" is a song written by Naomi Judd and Mike Reid, and performed by American country music artist Wynonna. It was released in 1992 as the fourth and final single from Wynonna's self-titled debut album. The song peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19202803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202803" title="Johnny O'Connor (hurler)">
Johnny O'Connor (hurler)

Johnny O'Connor (1928 – 31 October 2010) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local clubs Abbeyside, Clonea, UCD, Castletownroche and Avondhu, and was a member of the Waterford senior inter-county team from 1947 until 1958. He also won a Railway Cup medal with Munster in 1955. He won a Waterford county senior medal with Clonea in 1952 and also won won 3 county medals in other counties: UCD (Dublin) SHC 1948, Castletown Roche (Cork) IHC 1961 & Avondu (Cork) SHC 1961. He was also a Greyhound Owner/Trainer. His dog Patricias Hope won the English Greyhound Derby on two occasions thus equalling the record of the great Mick the Miller. Patricias Hope also won the English, Scottish and Welsh Derby the same year in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19202810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202810" title="2008–09 Speedcar Series season">
2008–09 Speedcar Series season

The 2008–09 Speedcar Series season was the second Speedcar Series championship. The championship consisted of five meetings, starting on December 5, 2008 at the Dubai Autodrome in the United Arab Emirates and finishing at the Bahrain International Circuit on April 25, 2009. Gianni Morbidelli finished as champion, pipping defending champion Johnny Herbert by just two points.

</doc>
<doc id="19202816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202816" title="Pyridine-N-oxide">
Pyridine-N-oxide

Pyridine-"N"-oxide is the heterocyclic compound with the formula C5H5NO. This colourless, hygroscopic solid is the product of the oxidation of pyridine. It was originally prepared using peracids as the oxidising agent. The molecule is planar. The compound is used infrequently as an oxidizing reagent in organic synthesis. It also serves as a ligand in coordination chemistry.
Synthesis.
The oxidation of pyridine is effected with peracetic acid, a reaction that affords the protonated derivative. Subsequent treatment with base liberates the neutral oxide.
Safety.
The compound is a skin irritant.

</doc>
<doc id="19202832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202832" title="2002 Franklin Templeton Classic">
2002 Franklin Templeton Classic

The 2002 Franklin Templeton Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from March 4 through March 10, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19202834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202834" title="Wingrave (film)">
Wingrave (film)

Wingrave is an Egyptian psychological horror film. It was written and directed by Ahmed Khalifa and stars Ashraf Hamdi, Diana Brauch, and Karim Higazy. It was the first English-Language Egyptian feature film in history. The film was designed as a tribute to Gothic literature, Expressionist Cinema, and the ghost story genre.
Plot synopsis.
As renowned parapsychologist Henry Wingrave struggles conducting a forbidden seance, he recollects three of his most disturbing and challenging experiences with the restless dead. Throughout these experiences, he is asked to contact the dead brother of a grieving young woman, to cleanse a newly bought house of the malicious entities, and to determine whether a young woman is possessed by a demon, or simply insane.
Production.
The film was the shot in 9 days in Alexandria and Cairo with a budget of $7,500.
The film's crew consisted of Writer/Director Ahmed Khalifa, Production Manager Noha Said, and Assistant Director Mohamed Waheed.
The film was the first Egyptian film to be exclusively distributed in the U.S. on DVD and to be available for paid download and Video on Demand (VOD).

</doc>
<doc id="19202852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202852" title="Big Brother Thailand (season 1)">
Big Brother Thailand (season 1)

Big Brother Thailand Season 1 was the first season of the Thailand reality television series Big Brother Thailand and aired on iTV's primetime block.The season started on April, 2005 and ended on July 16, 2005, lasting 106 days. It was the most talk-about season of Big Brother Thailand.
Housemates.
Twelve housemates entered the House together on the first day in the night. Each week,except from the first, one of them was evicted by the public vote. Due to Yinmy's ejection from the House in week 11, Pim was Return the House to replace she. On the final night, the public voted for the housemate they wanted to win, and Nipon Perktim ( Tui ) became the winner.
Aom-Am (อ๋อมแอ๋ม) Montriya Wichainsan 
she is a 27 -year-old from Nakhon Pathom 
she is Student
She became the first housemate to be evicted on Day 15 with 3.77% to save.
Heaw (แห้ว) Sophon Srisakul 
Heaw was the runner-up of First Big Brother, losing to Tui in 53.75% to win.
Muay (หมวย)
She became the tenth housemate to be evicted on Day 99 with 49.03% to save.
Nara (นาร่า) Pimchanok Nara Du be 
she is a 33 -year-old from Bangkok 
she is a manager 
She became the second housemate to be evicted on Day 29 with 21.98% to save.
Num (หนุ่ม)Udorn Phetsihng 
He became the eighth housemate to be evicted on Day 85 with 43.56% to save.
Peaky (เป็กกี้) Warissara Buskeaw 
she is a 26 -year-old- from Surin 
she is Shopkeeper and Insurance salesman
She became the second housemate to be evicted on Day 29 with 21.98% to save.
Pim (พิม) Pimjak Chiwarak 
she is a 23 -year-old from Lampang 
she is Student
She became the fourth housemate to be evicted on Day 57 with 23.36% to save and Pim was the 2nd runner-up of First Big Brother, losing to Yui & Heaw in 12.27% to win. 
Pom (ป้อม) Chatchai Photipana 
he is a 25 -year-old- from Phrae 
he is Chef
He became the seventh housemate to be evicted on Day 78 with 38.38% to save.
Por (ป๋อ)
He became the ninth housemate to be evicted on Day 92 with 10.13% to save.
Toto (โตโต้) Puwadol Jinsiri 
he is a 23 -year-old- from Phuket 
he is Hairdyer 
He became the Thirdth housemate to be evicted on Day 43 with 27.54% 
Tui (ตุ้ย) Nipon Perktim 
Tui became the winner of First Big Brother with 70.74% to win.
Yinmy (หยินมี่) Napatnaphet Thitiwongsaroj
she is a 24 -year-old- from Pathum Thani
she is Student
On day 65,Friends to member's vote themselves whether the Yinmy are on or have to leave home BB at Yin Amy intended pretend patient's and deliberately did not join any of the game itself and the events in the game must be stopped and made everyone. Concern and misunderstanding in their home.
Nominations Table.
Notes:
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19202869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202869" title="Yugoslav torpedo boat T3">
Yugoslav torpedo boat T3

The Yugoslav torpedo boat "T3 was a torpedo boat built for the Austro-Hungarian Navy as Tb 78 T" in 1914. She saw active service during World War I, and after the defeat of Austria-Hungary in 1918, she was allocated to the Royal Yugoslav Navy () and was renamed "T3". During the invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, it was captured by the Royal Italian Navy () and saw active service under its Yugoslav designation. Following the Italian capitulation in September 1943, she was captured by the German Navy () and redesignated TA48. In German service her crew consisted entirely of Croatian officers and enlisted men. She was sunk by the Royal Air Force in February 1945 while in the port of Trieste.
Background.
In 1910, the Austria-Hungary Naval Technical Committee initiated the design and development of a coastal torpedo boat, specifying that it should be capable of sustaining for 10 hours. This specification was based an expectation that the Strait of Otranto, where the Adriatic Sea meets the Ionian Sea, would be blockaded by hostile forces during a future conflict. In such circumstances, there would be a need for a torpedo boat that could sail from the Austro-Hungarian Navy base at Cattaro to the Strait during darkness, locate and attack blockading ships and return to port before morning. Turbine power was selected for propulsion. Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino of Trieste was selected for the contract to build eight vessels, ahead of one other tenderer.
Description and construction.
The boats had an overall length of , a beam of , and a normal draught of . While their designed displacement was , they displaced fully loaded. The crew consisted of 41 officers and enlisted men. The boats were powered by a Parsons steam turbine driving two propellors, using steam generated by a pair of Yarrow water-tube boilers, using a mixture of coal and fuel oil. The turbine was rated at and designed to reach a top speed of . They carried enough coal and fuel oil to give them a range of at .
The boats were originally to be armed with three 30-calibre guns, but this was reduced to two before the first boat was completed. They were also equipped with two torpedo tubes. "Tb 78 T" was the fifth of its class, and was launched on 4 March 1914. In 1914, one machine gun was added.
Career.
The "Tb 74 T"-class were the first small Austro-Hungarian Navy boats to use turbines, and this contributed to ongoing problems with the class. During World War I, "Tb 78 T" was used for convoy, escort and minesweeping tasks, and anti-submarine operations, and in 1917, the 66 mm guns were placed on anti-aircraft mounts. She survived the war intact, and in 1920 she was allocated to the Kingdom of Yugoslavia and renamed "T3".
In April 1941, Yugoslavia was invaded by the Axis powers, and "T3" was captured by the Royal Italian Navy () and was operated by them under her Yugoslav designation. When the Italians capitulated in September 1943, the Germans seized "T3" in the port of Rijeka and renamed her "TA48". During her time in German service she was crewed exclusively by Croatian officers and sailors, and her complement was increased to 52. The German Navy fitted her with two single anti-aircraft guns. She was sunk in the port of Trieste by the Royal Air Force on 20 February 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19202875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202875" title="List of cultural icons of England">
List of cultural icons of England

This list of cultural icons of England is a list of objects from any period that are independently considered to be cultural icons characteristic of England.
Many of these may be considered British rather than English cultural icons, indeed in these post-devolutionary times this is a contentious subject. It is debatable whether one should include cultural icons shared by the whole United Kingdom or created after the Act of Union 1707. 

</doc>
<doc id="19202877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202877" title="To Be Loved by You">
To Be Loved by You

"To Be Loved by You" is a song written by Gary Burr and Mike Reid, and recorded by American country music Wynonna Judd. It was released in 1996 as the first single from her album "Revelations". The song reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart in April 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19202878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202878" title="Saraswati Sabatham">
Saraswati Sabatham

Saraswati Sabatham () is a 1966 Tamil mythological film, written and directed by A. P. Nagarajan and starring Sivaji Ganesan and Savitri., Devika, Padmini, K. R. Vijaya, Gemini Ganesan, Manorama and Nagesh
Plot.
"Saraswati Sabatham" tells the story of a dispute between three goddesses over which has the best power. Narada (Sivaji Ganesan), a sage and celestial troublemaker, begins the fight by visiting Saraswati (Savitri), the Goddess of knowledge, and purposely annoys Her by saying that wealth is more important and abundant. Saraswati angrily said that She will prove that Her power, knowledge is more important. Narada then goes to Vaikuntha to see Lakshmi (Devika), the Goddess of wealth, and also annoys Her by saying that education is more abundant and is the best. Lakshmi also retorted that She will prove that Her power of wealth is more important. Narada finally goes to Mount Kailas, seeking Parvati(Padmini), the goddess of power and strength and annoys Her too, saying that wealth and knowledge is more important. Parvati too stressed that She will prove that Her power of strength is more important.
The three Goddesses, having turned against each other, each decide to choose someone on earth and bless them powers so that each of them can prove their power and make the other two Goddesses lose. Saraswati blesses a mute person, Vidyapati (Sivaji Ganesan), to speak and gives him all the knowledge in the world. There is a place where a Maharaja rules but he has no children. He is dying so his minister sends the royal elephant into the streets with a garland. The person whose neck the elephant puts the garland on will be the next Maharani or Maharaja. Lakshmi controls the royal elephant and makes it give the garland to a beautiful beggar girl (K.R. Vijaya). Now the beggar girl is a very wealthy Maharani and lives in a palace Due to her beauty, everyone wants to marry her. There is someone who has been a coward his whole life (Gemini Ganesan), whom Parvati blesses to become very strong.
Coincidentally the three people chosen by the Goddesses belong to the same country.Three of them became so proud of each other's strength. As for the mute person, he has knowledge, as for the beggar girl, she has money and beauty and for the coward, he has bravery. One day the warrior was crowned chief of the soldier lead. When the singer was given a golden pendant, he rejected the gift and then insults the queen in the presence of all that she is a brainless ruler. Suddenly, the warrior orderd the soldier to be put to prison without the queen's permission. Actually, the queen had fallen head over heels in love with the musician. Secretly she went to the prison and ask him to marry her if he sings of her praise. He rejects. Making the queen angry which she shows the anger to the warrior. The warrior who was very angry killed all the queen's soldiers and replace them with his own soldiers. Soon, everyone listened to only his orders. One Day, the warrior intended to kill both the queen and the musician but suddenly his sword dissapeard. In the end the Gods of the Holy Trinity, Lords Shiva(Harnath), Vishnu (Sivakumar), and Brahma settle the dispute by explaining the importance of knowledge, wealth, and strength combined, and how dangerous it is if each power goes separately. Finally, the three Goddesses reconcile and the three blessed by them along with the common people unite and realise that knowledge, wealth and strength are all equally important in many ways. The three Goddesses blesses the country and Sage Narada, thanking him for making the world understand the unity of knowledge, wealth and strength and for uniting them also, marking the end of the film.
Soundtrack.
Soundtrack from (1966)

</doc>
<doc id="19202880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202880" title="Charlie Milstead">
Charlie Milstead

Charles Frank Milstead (born November 21, 1937 in Tyler, Texas) is a former American football quarterback and defensive back for the Houston Oilers of the American Football League. He played college football at Texas A&M University and was drafted in the fourteenth round of the 1960 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="19202882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202882" title="2,4-Dinitrophenylmorphine">
2,4-Dinitrophenylmorphine

2,4-Dinitrophenylmorphine is an analog of morphine in which a hydroxyl group is substituted with a dinitro phenoxy group.
Properties.
Being an analog of morphine, it would be expected to have the same effects on the body as a typical opiate/opioid.

</doc>
<doc id="19202890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202890" title="1985 Ireland rugby union tour of Japan">
1985 Ireland rugby union tour of Japan

An Ireland national rugby union team travelled to Japan in 1985 to line out in two non-cap games. The Ciaran Fitzgerald-led side earned a 48-13 victory in the first clash in Osaka, with winger Trevor Ringland scoring three tries. In the second tie at Tokyo's Chichibu ground, Michael Kiernan scored two tries as the Irish came from being level-pegging at 12-12 at half-time, to leading 33-15 with a second half spurt by the final whistle

</doc>
<doc id="19202915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202915" title="Andy Fleming">
Andy Fleming

Andy Fleming (23 April 1916 – 27 March 2011) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with Mount Sion and with the Waterford senior inter-county team from 1939 until 1950. He also played Junior football with Mount Sion and Waterford and senior football with Stradbally and Waterford. He won the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship with Waterford in 1948 and was the last surviving member of that team.
When Andy Fleming first travelled the 20 miles from Stradbally to attend Mount Sion schools he was a footballer, but when he came under the influence of Br O'Connor, the inevitable happened - a hurler was born. Andy was to become one of Mount Sion's greatest, a defender of the old school around whom was built a reputation of indestructibility. Fleming was made of granite, a man of high courage on the field when such was a pre-requisite of the game. 
With Mount Sion he won 6 senior hurling titles and one Junior football. He also won a Munster Junior football medal with Waterford. With Stradbally he won 2 senior football titles. His Railway Cup career with Munster began in 1943 and finished in 1951 when he retired. In those nine years he won 7 medals in eight appearances for the province, missing out in 1947 when Connacht won its first title.

</doc>
<doc id="19202931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202931" title="Benigno Álvares">
Benigno Álvares

Benigno Álvares (March 11, 1900, in Maceda, Province of Ourense, Spain — 1937, in San Mamede, Galicia). Leader and founder of Galician Communist Party, Galician antifascist activist and partisan against Francisco Franco. This veterinary surgeon became provincial secretary of the Communist Party of Spain (PCE) in Ourense (Galicia) and president of the Provincial Peasant Federation, throughout the Second Spanish Republic. After the military coup in 1936 and the overthrow of Galicia by the franquist domain, he was haunted until his death by the local fascists, in 1937. His corpse was then showed by Civil Guard, tied to a truck, with a sign saying "Here's the Maceda's veterinary surgeon. Communism has died in Ourense".
Childhood, youth and political activism.
Son of a veterinary surgeon so-called Demétrio, and of a schoolteacher, Felisa, his family belongs to local bourgeoisie, and his father was mayor of Maceda (Arnóia's region, in Galicia), between 1913 and 1919.
Benigno studied primary education in Maceda until he was eight years, and then he moved to the Galician capital, Santiago de Compostela, where he studied secondary education and then he did a degree in Veterinary Medicine. He finished the degree when he was twenty years old, in 1920. Then, he came to Maceda and worked in his father's veterinary clinic. During his student's years he was involved in student political activity, and he stood out because of his social commitment, especially during the period 1915-1916.
During the twenties, he sympathizes with socialist ideas, and becomes to approach the Radical Socialist Party (PRS). Before that, in 1926, he had participated in the Ourense Veterinary Association. He's appreciated as a good professional and São Mamede's mountain range's people are found of him on account of his professional dedication in a poor region like this.
In those days, he collaborated with the agrarian movement, and wrote in publications such as "La Zarpa". He maintained fraternal relations with agrarian leaders like Basílio Álvares, on issues as rural rules abolition and struggle against rural tyranny in Galician land.
In the 1930s: Galician commitment in the communist ranks.
In 1930, Benigno was arrested under the charge of "agit-prop activities" because he had taken part in activities in support of the pooerst Galician people in those years. Then, he made a hunger-strike against arbitrary repression he was subjected to. The next year, with the Second Republic coming (April 14), Benigno became Maceda's mayor, with a socialist program. A month later, he activates the Ourense Communist Party County Section, with other well-known activists, like Luís Souto (later, private secretary of Castelao in his American exile, from 1938), Gomes del Valle, Gaioso Frias, Clemente Vidal, Juan Nóvoa, Jesusa Prado, etc.
Benigno moves to Ourense, in order to devote himself to politics, as the Communist Party politic secretary in that county. He defends not only the communist goals, but also the Galician national emancipation, considering it a nation without a state. Therefore, in 1932 he suggests to the party's Galician committee, which head office is in Vigo, the foundation of the Galician Communist Party, when the Communist Party was present in several Galician cities, such as Vigo, Ourense, Ferrol, Pontevedra, and A Coruña, but with no more than 300 activists. 
Galician committee defeats the proposal, and disapproves his political line as person in charge of "El Soviet", the party's publication. The Spanish Central Committee dislikes the Galician Benigno's guidance too, but "El Soviet" achieved 23 editions.
In 1932, he and three other Galician comrades take part in fourth Spanish Congress of the Communist Party in Seville. As a Galician delegate, Benigno demands his right to defend his report on agrarian issues in the Galician language. Congress finally agrees, and a Portuguese camrade performs the function of an interpreter.
In this year, Benigno married Henriqueta Fernandes Igrejas. They had a daughter, Icaro, but she died during the war, after the 1936 cup.
In 1933, he stood in the election as candidate of the Popular Antifascit Block candidacy, but the results were unsuccessful. During the so-called "black two-year Period", Benigno is considered an enemy of the oligarchy in Ourense, and he's arrested under the charge of political activism in 1934.
1936: Fascist coup d'etat and resistance. Communists and Galician nationalists hunting.
The left-wing Popular Front wins the Spanish 1936 elections, and Benigno Álvares is one of the candidates in Galicia, with Alexandre Bóveda as the Galician number one candidate. An electoral fraud prevented him from being chosen member of parliament. So the right-wing candidate, José Calvo Sotelo, won the election.
In that same year, Benigno participates in the campaign for a Galician Autonomy Statute, with a tougher stance than his own party. 
After the militar coup on July 18, some militaries and fascists gangs usurped the power in Galicia and kill thousands of people, including left-wing persons and Galician nationalists. Benigno Álvares and his wife managed to scape to the São Mamede mountain range and to the Edreira area, pursued by the fascists gangs.
Benigno stays hidden until January 1937, in the Monte Rosso Castle, with the help of the Ulhoa family lady, admirer of him. Then, he decides to come back to the mountain and to organize a guerrilla resistance against fascism, around Monte de Ramo and Maceda area. Members of the local oligarchy offer a reward for Benigno Álvares: "1.000 pesetas for anyone who catch him dead or alive".
Through some Portuguese contacts, he receives the offer to escape to America with Leandro Carro, a communist and member of the republican parlamient, but Benigno decides to stay and to continue the fight in the Galician inland. The winter of 1937 was very hard for Benigno Álvares in the mountain range. Probably ill of tuberculosis, he is aware of the five peasant's execution that refused to revel to Civil Guard the place where he was hidden. He died next the Penedo's refuge, 100 meters from the Vixueses small village, on March 11, when he was 37 years old, on the way to Maceda. Lisardo Leal toke him over a mule, to the local doctor, but was impossible to save him.
His corpse was founded on March 13 and a falangist shot him in the head, and so to receive the reward, but he didn't get it. A sergeant of Civil Guard, instigated by the local falangists, ordered to boast about the fact, with Benigno's corpse tied to a truck on Ourense's streets, and a sign saying "Here's the Maceda's veterinary surgeon. Communism has died in Ourense". The rest of the family will die victim of fascist repression around Ourense and Arnóia area.
Benigno Álvares memory in Maceda today.
It took so many years for Benigno's native village to pay tribute to him. It happened in the 90s, when a square was named with the name of 'Benigno Álvares', the antifascist a revolutionary Galician fighter.

</doc>
<doc id="19202936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202936" title="Dionísio Fernandes Mendes">
Dionísio Fernandes Mendes

Dionísio Fernandes Mendes (born May 21, 1981 in Bissau), nicknamed Niche, is a Bissau-Guinean football striker.
Career.
Some of his other former teams include Lourinhanense, Torreense, Vilafranquense, Leixões, Barreirense, Stade Tunisien and AEK Larnaca of Cyprus.

</doc>
<doc id="19202942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202942" title="Cardiff Brothers Airport">
Cardiff Brothers Airport

Cardiff Brothers Airport is an airport located in unincorporated Fort Bend County, Texas, United States, east of the city of Fulshear and south of the city of Katy.
The airport is owned by "Cardiff Brothers" of Katy, Texas. The manager is Hal V. Cardiff.

</doc>
<doc id="19202945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202945" title="International Visitor Leadership Program">
International Visitor Leadership Program

The International Visitor Leadership Program (IVLP) is a professional exchange program funded by the U.S. Department of State's Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs. The mission of IVLP is to offer current and emerging international leaders the opportunity to experience the richness and diversity of American political, economic, social and cultural life through carefully designed exchanges that reflect participants’ professional interests and the public diplomacy objectives of the United States government.
The exchange brings up to 5,000 professional emerging leaders from around the world to the United States each year for programs of up to three weeks. The program is nomination only by staff at U.S. Embassies.
History.
In 1940, Nelson Rockefeller was named the Coordinator of Commercial and Cultural Affairs for the American Republics. He initiated the exchange of persons program with Latin America, inviting 130 Latin American journalists to the United States and recognized as the first exchange under what would become the IVLP. In 1948 representative Karl E. Mundt and Senator H. Alexander Smith marshaled the Informational and Educational Exchange Act, also known as the Smith-Mundt Act which was passed by the 80th United States Congress and approved by President Harry S. Truman. During a time when Americans grew increasingly concerned about Soviet propaganda, the purpose of the Smith-Mundt was "to promote a better understanding of the United States in other countries, and to increase mutual understanding between the people of the United States and the people of other countries" though educational and cultural exchanges. From this legislation birthed the Foreign Leaders Program, which was eventually consolidated into the International Visitor Program (IVP) in 1952. In 2004, the IVP was renamed the International Visitor Leadership Program (IVLP).
Goals.
The purpose of the IVLP is to:
Notable alumni.
The following tables list the 337 current and former chiefs of state and heads of government who have participated in the International Visitor Leadership Program.
Agencies involved.
The IVLP functions through a cooperative agreement with several National Program Agencies and the National Council for International Visitors (NCIV), comprising organizations in 44 states, that arrange the itineraries for IVLP exchange participants.

</doc>
<doc id="19202950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202950" title="2003 Franklin Templeton Classic">
2003 Franklin Templeton Classic

The 2003 Franklin Templeton Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from March 3 through March 9, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19202971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202971" title="Aguano (disambiguation)">
Aguano (disambiguation)

Aguano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19202978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202978" title="1989 Ireland rugby union tour of North America">
1989 Ireland rugby union tour of North America


</doc>
<doc id="19202990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202990" title="Essential subgroup">
Essential subgroup

In mathematics, especially in the area of algebra studying the theory of abelian groups, an essential subgroup is a subgroup that determines much of the structure of its containing group. The concept was generalized to essential submodules.
Definition.
A subgroup formula_1 of a (typically abelian) group formula_2 is said to be essential if whenever "H" is a non-trivial subgroup of "G", the intersection of "S" and "H" is non-trivial: here "non-trivial" means "containing an element other than the identity".

</doc>
<doc id="19203000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203000" title="Quentin Mosimann">
Quentin Mosimann

Quentin Mosimann (born 14 February 1988 in Geneva, Switzerland) is an international DJ. He is currently The World's #69 DJ based on DJ Magazine's annual Top 100 DJs poll. Quentin Mosimann took up his career of DJ in the south of France, by Saint-Tropez when he was only 14. At age of 20, he won the French TV reality show Star Academy, and met a large success with 2 albums in Universal Music ('Duel' & 'Exhibition') and a tour with a show at the famous Olympia of Paris. That was a stairway to his current international career of “DJ Singer”.
Biography.
Quentin Mosimann was born in Geneva on 14 February 1988, of a Swiss father (a native of Berne in German-speaking Switzerland) and a French mother. However, he only had that Swiss nationality.
He lived for three years in Geneva, then, following the separation of his parents, moved to Bogève, Haute-Savoie, with his mother.
He moved to Hyères, Var, by Saint-Tropez in 2005 where he performed, under the pseudonym John Louly, as a DJ, at the NJoy club, with John Revox and Christian Sims.
Quentin Mosimann won the Star Academy on 15 February 2008. He earned 1,000,000 euros, 200,000 of them immediately available.
On 18 August 2008 he released his debut album, "Duel", a double album, which was #2 in France and #1 in Belgium (Wallonia). It contains many cover versions of 1980s hits, such as "C'est l'amour", by Léopold Nord & Vous, "Mise au point" by Jakie Quartz and "Étienne" by Guesch Patti.
On 15 February 2010 he released his second album "Exhibition", a pop-electro album which was #7 in France, #5 in Belgium (Wallonia) and #36 in Switzerland.
In 2011, in addition to his career as a DJ, he was a judge on The Voice Belgium
In 2012, he collaborated with the contestant he was coaching, Roberto Bellarosa, (who eventually became the winner of The Voice Belgium), on the realization of his first album, 'Ma voie'.
On October 19, 2012, he was ranked 74th of the TOP100 ranking British magazine DJ Mag, and became the fifth French best DJ ahead Bob Sinclar or Justice. He won 100 places in the ranking in a year.
In 2013, the theme park Walibi Belgium asked him to make the single "Psyké Underground", which became the theme song for their latest roller coaster, also called Psyké Underground.
In September 2013, he became the main weekly resident DJ on the famous French EDM radio Fun Radio.
He became the World's #69 DJ based on DJ Magazine's annual Top 100 DJs poll in October 2013, fourth French best DJ in the world, and he released his 3rd album 'The 8 Deadly Sins' in DJ Center Records, electro and progressive-house
In January 2014, his Party Fun show on air since 4 months on Fun Radio was ranked #1 with 638,000 listeners (an increase of 178,000 listeners 39% in one year).

</doc>
<doc id="19203011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203011" title="Loch (surname)">
Loch (surname)

Loch is the surname of a Scottish lowland family whose members have included:
Loch is also a German surname:
Other people with the surname Loch include:

</doc>
<doc id="19203027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203027" title="Billy Geen">
Billy Geen

William "Billy" Purdon Geen (14 March 1891 – 31 July 1915) was a Welsh international rugby union wing who played club rugby for Newport and county rugby for Monmouthshire. Geen was selected for Wales on three occasions.
Rugby career.
Geen was born in Newport but was educated at Haileybury College in England before being accepted into Oxford University. While at Oxford he was selected to play against Cambridge in 1910, 1911, 1912 and 1913. He joined Newport Rugby Club in 1910 and on October 24, 1912 was a member of the squad that faced the touring South African team. Geen was not first choice for the game, but when George Hirst failed to recover from an injury sustained ar Leicester the week before, Geen was his replacement. It was an outstanding game for Newport, who won the game 9–3, one of only three teams to beat the Springboks on the tour and Geen played his part, bringing down Johan Stegmann when he was within sight of the try line. Geen was praised after the match for his play and later during the tour he gained his first cap for Wales against the same touring South Africans. Geen played just two more games for Wales, the first under the captaincy of team mate Tommy Vile in 1913 against England. His final game for Wales was in a win against Ireland two months later.
International matches played.
Wales
Military career.
In August 1914, Geen signed up to serve his country, joing the 60th Royal Rifle Regiment Corps. He trained in Petworth and was sent to the Front in May 1915. Originally his battalion was withdrawn from combat, but two days later it was sent to support the 41st Brigade at the Second Battle of Ypres. By the time he was killed in action at Hooge, Flanders he had reached the rank of Second Lieutenant. He has no grave but is remembered at Menin Gate.

</doc>
<doc id="19203036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203036" title="David Mura">
David Mura

David Mura (born 1952) is a Japanese American author, poet, novelist, playwright, critic and performance artist. His most recent book is his novel, "Famous Suicides of the Japanese Empire" (Coffee House Press, 2008). His honors include two NEA fellowships, the 1994 Lila Wallace-Reader's Digest Writers Award (which includes a cash prize of $105,000), and a US/Japan Creative Artist Fellowship, two Bush Foundation Fellowships, four Loft-McKnight Awards, several Minnesota State Arts Board grants, and a Discovery/The Nation Award. He has had his work published in literary journals and magazines including "The Nation, The American Poetry Review, The New Republic, The Missouri Review," and "Crazyhorse."
Early life and education.
David Mura was born in 1952 and grew up in Chicago, the oldest of four children. He is a third generation Japanese American son of parents interned during World War II. Mura earned his B.A. from Grinnell College and his M.F.A. in creative writing from Vermont College of Fine Arts. He has taught at the University of Minnesota, St. Olaf College, The Loft Literary Center, and the University of Oregon. He currently resides in Saint Paul, Minnesota, with his wife Susan Sencer and their three children; Samantha, Nikko and Tomo.
Published works.
Full-Length Poetry Collections
Novels
Memoirs
Literary Criticism

</doc>
<doc id="19203042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203042" title="Yuan Zai">
Yuan Zai

Yuan Zai (元載) (died May 10, 777), courtesy name Gongfu (公輔), formally Viscount Huang of Xuchang (許昌荒子) and then Viscount Chengzong of Xuchang (許昌成縱子), was an official of the Chinese Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Suzong and Emperor Daizong, becoming particularly powerful during the middle of Emperor Daizong's reign. He was said to be very capable as an official, but also treacherous and corrupt. His behavior eventually wore out Emperor Daizong's patience, and he was arrested and executed.
Background.
It is not known when Yuan Zai was born, but it was known that his family was from Qi Prefecture (岐州, in modern Baoji, Shaanxi). His father's name was originally Jing Sheng (景昇). Jing Sheng became the property manager for Princess Yuan, the wife of Li Ming (李明) the Prince of Cao, a son of Emperor Taizong of Tang, who was probably from the lineage of Northern Wei's imperial Yuan clan. He served her well, and she helped him to be adopted into her Yuan clan, and his name was changed to Yuan Sheng. Yuan Zai lost his father early in life, and it was said that in his youth, he was studious and intelligent, and particularly well-studied in Taoist writings. He was so poor that he went to the local examinations (a prerequisite step to the imperial examinations) on foot, and he repeatedly failed to advance in the examinations.
During Emperor Xuanzong's reign.
Early in the "Tianbao" era (742-756) of Emperor Xuanzong, Emperor Xuanzong began to favor Taoism, and he scheduled a special examination for scholars well-versed in the "Zhuangzi", "Laozi", "Liezi", and "Wenzi". Yuan Zai did well on this special examination and was made the sheriff of Xinping County (新平, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi). When the imperial censor Wei Yi (韋縊) was put in charge of selecting officials from Qianzhong Circuit (黔中, roughly modern Guizhou and western Hunan), he invited Yuan to serve as his assistant. After Yuan became better known, he was promoted to be "Dali PIngshi" (大理評事), a secretary at the supreme court (大理寺, "Dali Si"). Later, when the official Miao Jinqing served as the official in charge of the eastern capital Luoyang, he also invited Yuan to serve as his assistant. After that term of service, Yuan became "Dali Sizhi" (大理司直), a junior judge at the supreme court.
During Emperor Suzong's reign.
In 755, the general An Lushan rebelled at Fanyang Circuit (范陽, headquartered in modern Beijing) and established his own state of Yan, throwing the Tang realm into a state of war and confusion. Yuan Zai fled to the region south of the Yangtze River during the war. Li Xiyan (李希言), the surveyor of Jiangdong Circuit (江東, i.e., the region southeast of the Yangtze) commissioned Yuan as his deputy and the prefect of Hong Prefecture (洪州, in modern Nanchang, Jiangxi). After Emperor Xuanzong's son and successor Emperor Suzong recaptured the capital Chang'an and Luoyang from Yan forces, Yuan was recalled to the imperial government to serve as a junior official at the ministry of census (戶部, "Hubu"). When he met Emperor Suzong, Emperor Suzong was impressed by his quick thinking, and gave him several responsibilities -- deputy minister of census (戶部侍郎, "Hubu Shilang"), deputy chief imperial censor (御史中丞, "Yushi Zhongcheng"), and the director of financial matters of the Yangtze-Huai River region. Believing that the Yangtze-Huai region was still comparably wealthy compared to the rest of the realm, Yuan taxed the region heavily to replenish the imperial treasuries, sometimes taxing as much as 80% to 90% of the people's assets, leading to much flight and banditry in the region.
Meanwhile, Yuan began a close association with the powerful eunuch Li Fuguo, through Li Fuguo's wife Lady Yuan, who was a clanswoman of Yuan Zai's. In 762, at Li Fuguo's recommendation, Yuan was named the mayor of the special municipality that included Chang'an, Jingzhao Municipality (京兆). Yuan then met Li Fuguo and earnestly declined the post -- and Li Fuguo understood this to mean that he wanted an office "higher" than being the mayor of Jingzhao. The next day, when the chancellor Xiao Hua was removed from his office, Yuan was given the designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto". He also continued to be in charge of financial matters.
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
Emperor Suzong died later that year, and after a bloody struggle between Emperor Suzong's wife Empress Zhang and Li Fuguo (in which Empress Zhang and a son of Emperor Suzong's, Li Xi (李係) the Prince of Yue, were killed), Emperor Suzong's son and crown prince Li Yu became emperor (as Emperor Daizong). For a while, Li Fuguo had even greater powerful than before. Yuan Zai continued to serve as chancellor and, knowing that Li Fuguo resented Xiao Hua (whom he blamed for blocking his path to chancellorship), Yuan made false accusations against Xiao, leading to Xiao's exile. Yuan was soon made "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau of government (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng"), and continued to serve as chancellor. He was also created the Viscount of Xuchang. In 763, during a surprise attack by Tufan forces against Chang'an (which forced Emperor Daizong to flee to Shan Prefecture (陝州, in modern Sanmenxia, Henan), Emperor Daizong made the general Guo Ziyi the supreme commander of Tang forces in the Guanzhong region and made Yuan Guo's military advisor. When Emperor Daizong returned to Chang'an that year, the official Yan Zhenqing proposed that he offer sacrifices at the imperial ancestral tombs and temple first, before returning to the palace. Yuan refused to endorse Yan's proposal, and Yan, exasperated, stated, "How can you, lord chancellor, continue to harm the government?" This led Yuan to be resentful toward Yan. Meanwhile, when Emperor Daizong removed Miao Jinqing and Pei Zunqing from their chancellor posts after returning to Chang'an, it was said that Yuan became even more powerful. He bribed Emperor Daizong's eunuch attendant Dong Xiu (董秀) and had his subordinate Zhuo Yingqian (卓英倩) serve as a liaison to Dong. Through Dong and Zhuo, he was able to keep a close watch on what Emperor Daizong's opinions were and were able to agree with Emperor Daizong's opinions closely, thus drawing greater favor from the emperor. As he was finding the financial affairs too overwhelming for him to handle in addition to the chancellor duties, he transferred his financial affairs duties to his friend Liu Yan. It was said that by this point, Yuan was exceedingly powerful, and his wife Lady Wang (a daughter of the deceased general Wang Zhongsi) and his sons were abusing power. Meanwhile, though, with Li Fuguo (who was assassinated late in 762 by Emperor Daizong's orders, probably with Yuan's assistance) and Cheng Yuanzhen having successively been removed, Yu Chao'en had become a powerful eunuch, and he and Yuan did not get along with each other, and while the two did not openly dispute with each other, for the next several years, the power struggle between them would be a strong undercurrent in Tang court politics.
In 765, when Tufan sent emissaries to propose peace with Tang, Emperor Daizong had Yuan and fellow chancellor Du Hongjian meet with them to swear peace.
In 766, with Yuan being very powerful and fearing that people would submit secret accusations to Emperor Daizong against him, he proposed that before officials could submit letters to the emperor, they must first receive approval from their superiors -- thus hoping to cut off this avenue of secret submissions. Yan, then the minister of justice, vehemently opposed, pointing out that this would lead to the rise of another Li Linfu -- who used similar methods to block off criticism against him during his service as Emperor Xuanzong's chancellor. Yuan, already resentful of Yan, accused Yan of defamation and had Yan exiled. Later that year, when Yu, during a lecture on the "I Ching", tried to satirize the chancellors by talking about how a "ding" (a large cooking vessel often used to symbolize chancellorship) would overturn if imbalanced, Yuan's fellow chancellor Wang Jin, was visibly incensed, but Yuan remained calm and pleasant, leading Yu to comment, "It is common for the target to get angry, but one who remains smiling needs to be paid attention to even more carefully."
By 767, it was said that Emperor Daizong, Yuan, Wang, and Du were all devout in Buddhism, with Wang particularly so. With the emperor and the chancellors leading the way, the populace was also largely devoutly Buddhist -- so much so that the energy of the government and the people were spent on worshiping, not on affairs of the state.
In 768, with Tufan continuing to carry out incursions on a yearly basis, Yuan came up with a solution -- as he believed that at that time, the only major army on the Tufan border, commanded by the general Ma Lin (馬璘), was inadequate to defend against Tufan attacks. He proposed that Ma's army be moved from Bin (邠州, in modern Xianyang) and Ning (寧州, in modern Qingyang, Gansu) to Jing Prefecture (涇州, in modern Pingliang, Gansu), while the stronger army under Guo's command, then at Hezhong (河中, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi) be moved to Bin Prefecture. To alleviate fears that the border prefectures, then laid fallow by the wars with Tufan forces, would be inadequate to supply this large army, Yuan committed to sending revenues from the interior prefectures to supply it. Meanwhile, he tried to sow seeds of suspicion between Guo and Yu, but was unable to do so.
In 769, with Du having died, Yuan recommended an old superior, the senior official Pei Mian, who had also recommended him before, to be chancellor. Pei, however, would die shortly after himself.
In 770, with Emperor Daizong's patience about Yu's hold on the imperial guards -- with which Yu was able to dominate the Chang'an region -- finally wearing thin, Yuan secretly conferred with Emperor Daizong and persuaded Emperor Daizong to act against Yu. Yuan bribed two close associates of Yu's -- the guard commander Zhou Hao (周皓) and the general Huangfu Wen (皇甫溫) -- and was able to get full grasp of Yu's activities. In spring 770, at Yuan's suggestion, Emperor Daizong carried out several moves that were intending to be preludes to eliminating Yu -- moving the general Li Baoyu from being the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Fengxiang Circuit (鳳翔, headquartered in modern Baoji) to Shannan West Circuit (山南西道, headquartered in modern Xi'an, Shaanxi, to the southwest of Chang'an), while moving Huangfu, then the military governor of Shan Circuit (headquartered in modern Sanmenxia) to Fengxiang -- while allaying Yu's suspicions by transferring control of four counties near Chang'an to the imperial guards, under Yu's command. (Yuan's intent was that, as Huangfu arrived in Chang'an, to use his soldiers against Yu.) Soon, when Huangfu arrived in Chang'an, Yuan laid a trap for Yu with Huangfu's and Zhou's soldiers, and at a secret meeting between Emperor Daizong and Yu, Yuan and Emperor Daizong acted and killed Yu.
After Yu's death, Yuan became even more powerful and corrupt. He also became extremely confident of his own abilities, and was living luxuriously, beyond his means. With Yang Wan the deputy minister of civil service affairs not willing to bow to his wishes in determining official commissions, he made Yang the principal of the imperial university and replaced him with a corrupt official, Xu Hao (徐浩), who followed his orders. Emperor Daizong by now had heard about Yuan's corruption, but wanted to maintain a good relationship with him. He therefore several times personally urged Yuan to curb his ways, but Yuan could not change his ways, beginning to cause him to lose Emperor Daizong's favor. In 771, Emperor Daizong, without seeking Yuan's concurrence and without foreknowledge on Yuan's part, named the official Li Qiyun (李栖筠) the chief imperial censor. It was said that this marked the beginning of the fall of Yuan's power. Indeed, in 773, after Li Qiyun indicted several of Yuan's associates -- Xu Hao, Xue Yong (薛邕), Du Ji (杜濟), and Yu Shao (于劭) -- causing them to be demoted out of the capital, it was said that corruption became somewhat curbed at court.
Meanwhile, though, Yuan was working on another military project -- proposing that Yuan Prefecture (原州, in modern Guyuan, Ningxia) -- formerly Tang territory, but now in a no-man's land between Tang and Tufan, with neither side guarding it -- be rebuilt; that Ma's forces be moved from Jing Prefecture to Yuan Prefecture; and that Guo's forces be moved from Bin Prefecture to Jing Prefecture; and that these posts then be used as bases of further forward advances against Tufan. Emperor Daizong consulted with the general Tian Shen'gong (田神功) about this plan, and Tian responded, "Battling and judging the status of enemies is difficult even for well-seasoned generals. Why would Your Imperial Majesty listen to a civilian and put the entire realm's forces under his control?" Emperor Daizong thus tabled Yuan's proposal.
In 777, with Emperor Daizong finally tired of corruption on Yuan's and Wang Jin's part, he secretly planned with his uncle, the general Wu Cou (吳湊), to eliminate Yuan and Wang. On May 10, Emperor Daizong ordered Wu to arrest Yuan, Wang, and their associates. He then had Liu Yan, then the minister of civil service affairs, and Li Han (李涵) the chief imperial censor interrogate them. Yuan and Wang admitted their guilt, and Yuan was ordered to commit suicide, while Wang was exiled. Instead of committing suicide, Yuan stated to the executioner, "Please let me die quickly." The executioner responded, "Lord chancellor, if you wish to die quickly, then you have to suffer some humiliation. Please pardon me." The executioner took his socks off and stuffed them into Yuan's mouth, and then executed Yuan. Yuan's wife Lady Wang, as well as his sons Yuan Bohe (元伯和), Yuan Zhongwu (元仲武), and Yuan Ji'neng (元季能), were all executed. His family tombs and temples were destroyed, and his assets were confiscated. It was said that Yuan had large storages of pepper (then an exceedingly expensive spice) as well as gold, silver, and other treasures. Only his daughter Yuan Zhenyi (元真一), then already a Buddhist nun, was spared, but she was confiscated to be a servant inside the palace. (She was not told of her father's fate, and she did not find out until the reign of Emperor Daizong's son and successor Emperor Dezong.) A large number of Yuan's associates, including Yang Yan (whom Yuan had fostered as a potential successor), Han Hui (韓洄), Bao Ji (包佶), and Han Hui (韓會), were demoted.
After Emperor Daizong died in 778 and was succeeded by Emperor Dezong, Emperor Dezong remembered that Yuan was involved in his being named crown prince. In 784, he posthumously restored Yuan's titles and offices and permitted him to be reburied properly. Yuan's subordinates Xu Chu (許初), Yang Jiao (楊皎), and Ji Tao (紀慆) paid out of their pockets to rebury Yuan. Yuan was also given the posthumous name of "Huang" (荒, meaning "performer of illegal acts"), later changed to the slightly less derogatory "Chengzong" (成縱, meaning "successful but unvirtuous").

</doc>
<doc id="19203044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203044" title="1931 Mitropa Cup">
1931 Mitropa Cup

The 1931 season of the Mitropa Cup football club tournament was won by First Vienna FC in an all Austrian two-legged final against Wiener Athletiksport Club. This was the fifth edition of the tournament, and the third edition in which Italian clubs competed and Yugoslavian clubs did not compete.
The holders, SK Rapid Wien, were unable to defend the cup as two other clubs from Vienna were Austria's representatives.
The final, between the two Vienna clubs, was played on November 8 and November 12, 1931 in Zurich und Vienna. First Vienna won both matches, the scores being 3-2 in Zurich and 2-1 in Vienna, and became the second Austrian club to win this tournament following Rapid's success the previous year, and the only team to win the Mitropa Cup unbeaten. Heinrich Hiltl from Wiener Athletiksport Club was top scorer in the tournament with seven goals. Walter Hanke of Wiener AC scored a goal in each leg of the final, whilst Franz Erdl of First Vienna scored both his team's goals in the second leg.
Quarterfinals.
"Playoff between Juventus FC and Sparta Prague resulted in a 3-2 victory for Sparta Prague"
Semifinals.
"Playoff between Sparta Prague and Wiener AC played in Prague resulted in a 2-0 victory for Wiener AC"

</doc>
<doc id="19203074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203074" title="1992 Ireland rugby union tour of New Zealand">
1992 Ireland rugby union tour of New Zealand

1992 Ireland rugby union tour of New Zealand. The Ireland national rugby union team embarked on their second tour of New Zealand, having previously visited in 1976.
The tour party included father and son - tour manager Noel Murphy and his son Kenny Murphy. In 1993 Mick Galwey, Vince Cunningham, Richard Wallace and Nick Popplewell all returned to New Zealand with the British and Irish Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="19203075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203075" title="Rabia Kazan">
Rabia Kazan

Rabia Özden Kazan (born June 25, 1976 in Malatya, Turkey) is a Turkish journalist. 
She started her career as a TV reporter in 1996 with "Later hosting Istanbul", for the Turkish channel Flash TV. Then, she became a journalist for the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) affiliated newspaper "Ortadoğu", where she worked for six years. Meanwhile, she became famous in Turkey through an important interview to the terrorist Mehmet Ali Ağca, who tried to assassinate Pope John Paul II in 1981. She was a fiancee of Ağca engaged 2004 in the Kartal Prison while he was incarcenated. Then, she founded the magazine "Haber Revizyon".
In 2007, she wrote a reportage on female condition in Tehran, Iran titled "Tahran Melekleri" ("The Angels of Tehran"), in which she talks about temporary marriage (), too, that hides often a sort of legal prostitution. That work generated soon reactions in the Middle East.
In 2008, she married to Giacinto Licursi, Italian lawyer, politician and member of Italian Communist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19203085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203085" title="Eugeniusz Grodziński">
Eugeniusz Grodziński

Eugeniusz Grodziński (January 10, 1912, Pskov, Russia - October 11, 1994,
Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish philosopher, whose principal interests
were philosophy of natural language, philosophical foundations of logic, and philosophical problems of psychology. 
He was born as Yefim Grodziński in Pskov, Russia, studied law, 
and in 1957 (during the Repatriation of Poles (1955–1959)) emigrated from Vilnius,
the Soviet Union to Warsaw, Poland.
Until his retirement, he was a professor at the Institute of Philosophy and Sociology (IFiS) of the Polish Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="19203110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203110" title="USS Kenosha (AK-190)">
USS Kenosha (AK-190)

USS "Kenosha" (AK-190) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that served the U.S. Navy during the clean-up phase of World War II. When her service was no longer required in 1946, she was decommissioned and returned to her owner, a Norwegian shipping company.
Built in Superior, Wisconsin.
"Kenosha" (AK-190) was launched 25 August 1944 by Walter Butler Shipbuilding Co., Superior, Wisconsin, under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Miss Marion Crowley; acquired by the Navy 1 August 1945; and commissioned 7 September 1945, Lt. S. Bernsen in command.
World War II-related service.
After shakedown out of Galveston, Texas, "Kenosha" arrived Gulfport, Mississippi, 19 October to load cargo for the Mariana Islands. The cargo ship departed Gulfport 25 November, cleared the Panama Canal, and arrived Guam via Pearl Harbor 10 January 1946.
Upon discharging her cargo, she loaded cargo for the U.S. Marines and sailed for the U.S. East Coast, arriving Lynnhaven Roads, Virginia, 7 March.
Decommissioning.
On 3 April "Kenosha" arrived Baltimore, Maryland, and decommissioned there 16 April 1946. She was returned to a Norwegian shipping firm in 1947, and renamed "Rio Dale". She was renamed "Torian" in 1959.
Honors and awards.
Qualified "Kenosha" personnel were eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19203112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203112" title="Yashiromaru">
Yashiromaru

Yashiromaru is a fictional cargo ship in . The ship was built by and owned by Yashiro group, a company of Japan. 15 years ago, before "St. Aphrodite", another ship built by and owned by Yashiro group sail on its final voyage, "Yashiromaru" was sailed on a foggy night. Then Chief Mate Kido Vataru (first officer) put out his binoculars and see the iceberg at 12 o'clock; then smiled. He ordered to hard the starboard, but it is too late. The ship struck the iceberg on its starboard and the water began to flood in. Then the chief mate switches his bomb, which had been set in a most dangerous place on the ship when it was flooded. Captain Akiyoshi Okita was founded to be dead in his room after was poisoned by the chief mate. Then the ship caught fire, broken up, and sank with a loss of 2 lives. Until the story of the "St. Aphrodite" 15 years later in .

</doc>
<doc id="19203128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203128" title="Sacahuista">
Sacahuista

Sacahuista (foaled 1984 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. She is a descendant of Nearco through both her Champion sire Bold Ruler and through her dam, Nalees Flying Flag.
Sacahuista was purchased as a yearling for $670,000 by future National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame inductee D. Wayne Lukas for owners Barry Beal and Lloyd French, Jr. Sacahuista made nine starts at age two, of which she won four and was second in three. Sent off as the parimutuel betting favorite in the 1986 Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies at Santa Anita Park under jockey Laffit Pincay, Jr., she finished fourth behind winner Brave Raj.
When she raced at age three, Sacahuista's official record shows she won two of nine starts but in fact she finished first in both the Cotillion Handicap and the Ruffian Handicap but was disqualified for interference. Under jockey Randy Romero, she then won the Grade I Spinster Stakes before capturing the Breeders' Cup Distaff at Hollywood Park Racetrack. Sacahuista's 1987 performances earned her the Eclipse Award as American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly.
Before being retired to broodmare duty, Sacahuista raced three times at age four. Her best result was a second. Of her offspring, from sire Red Ransom she notably produced millionaire runner Ekraar, who won multiple stakes races in Europe, including the Italian Group One Gran Premio del Jockey Club. Through her mating to Mr. Prospector, Sacahuista is also the dam of the successful Australian-based sire Hussonet.

</doc>
<doc id="19203133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203133" title="F Collar">
F Collar

Collars Oars is a UK, Oxford based business specialising in producing hand crafted wooden yacht masts, wooden oars and spars. The company is currently owned by Freeland Yachtspars Limited and has exchanged hands several times since it was founded by Frank Collar (F.Collar) in 1932.
The early days.
The business of F.Collar Ltd was started in 1932 by Mr Frank Collar who was at the time trained in accountancy but had always been a keen rower. Based in the old Oxford University Boathouse situated at the bottom of Isis Street, he began by repairing damaged oars for college crews. With demand high a few weeks later he was joined by his father along with a 14-year old by the name of Bill Scaldwell who was taken on as an apprentice. With the growing popularity of rowing it was not long after that an order was received for the manufacture of six pairs of Sculls, starting the business of oar making. A small quantity of wood was purchased and with limited tools and no machines, they were made by hand, and in the absence of electricity they were varnished by candlelight. 
The business progressed and orders grew for new sets of rowing blades for not only the Oxford University crews but also other schools and colleges throughout the country including the Cambridge University teams. By the time the Second World War broke out the Collar reputation was sufficiently established for Frank to secure a contract with the Air Ministry to make oars for all aircraft lifeboats.
Ministry of Defence contract.
Winning a contract with the Ministry of Defence (United Kingdom) (MOD) is marked as a turning point in the company history due to the vast quantity of oars ordered and as a result additional staff, machines and premises had to be found. While the oars for the Air Ministry were in production the Royal Navy approached Collars to design a paddle to be used in invasion. It had to be able to enter the water as quietly as possible yet strong enough to do the job. A design for the 5’ Paddle was submitted, accepted and thousands were ordered. The contract required a nearly 24 hour production schedule to meet the dealine. Today there is still an enabling contract in place with the MOD and the same paddle, along with certain oars are still being produced by Collars in Oxford.
Yacht masts.
In 1950 Frank Collar and Bill Scaldwell joined in partnership and this was shortly followed by the boom in sailing which took F. Collar into the manufacturing of yacht and dinghy masts in a big way. With the chosen timber of Sitka Spruce being used in both oars and masts, and a very similar manufacturing process, this was a natural progression. By the time of the 1968 Mexico Olympics Collars were commissioned to supply all the masts for the popular Finn Class dinghy, and with wood being a varying natural material, 100 masts were made and the 50 most similar masts were chosen and taken to competition.
Accolades.
The Collar racing oars were so successful in competition that they have been exported to every Western Country as well as regularly exported to Australia, New Zealand and America. Used in every Olympic games between 1952 and 1984 as well as international competitions, the name became synonymous with premium quality racing oars. In 1970 two pairs of sculls were supplied to Sidney Genders and were used to successfully row the Atlantic, later followed by Chay Blyth and John Ridgway (sailor).
The present day.
Collars, by now a World famous brand, led the field of oar making until early 1980 when modern advances resulted in the introduction of a carbon fibre oar. Pioneered by the Dreissigacker brothers the new material provided a lighter and stronger oar, and by 1985 regular orders had dried up. Still providing recreational, specialist sculls and oars Collars were to move their primary focus to the yachting market that had been steadily growing in the background. 
With a change of hands and ownership the Collar brand is currently owned by Freeland Yacht Spar Limited based in Dorchester on Thames near Oxford, where a staff of 13 still produce wooden oars, masts and spars for some of the finest yachts from all round the world.
Products.
At present the company hand manufactures Masts and Spars for Yachts as well as a broad selection of standard and specialist wooden oars. Recently, the company has begun specialising in hand crafted Flag Poles.

</doc>
<doc id="19203137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203137" title="The Great War and the Shaping of the 20th Century">
The Great War and the Shaping of the 20th Century

The Great War and the Shaping of the 20th Century is a 1996 documentary series that aired on PBS. It chronicles World War I over eight episodes. It was narrated by Dame Judi Dench in the UK and Salome Jens in the United States. 
The series won two Primetime Emmy Awards: one for Jeremy Irons for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance, the other for Outstanding Informational Series. In 1997, it was given a Peabody Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19203140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203140" title="Eduard Grüneisen">
Eduard Grüneisen

Eduard Grüneisen (May 26, 1877 – April 5, 1949) was a German physicist; co-eponym of Mie–Gruneisen equation of state
Grüneisen was born in Giebichenstein.
The Grüneisen Parameter was named after him.
Since 1929 he was together with Max Planck editor of Annalen der Physik.
Grüneisen died in Marburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19203146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203146" title="Jiří Bobok">
Jiří Bobok

Jiří Bobok (born 1 March 1977) is a goalkeeper from Czech Republic who played in the Gambrinus Liga for SFC Opava and FK Jablonec 97. He also spent time with clubs including AC Sparta Prague, FK Chmel Blšany, SK Spolana Neratovice.

</doc>
<doc id="19203162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203162" title="Hoffpauir Airport">
Hoffpauir Airport

Hoffpauir Airport is an airport located in unincorporated Harris County, Texas, United States, east of the city of Katy and west of the city of Houston.
The owner is Stanley C. Hoffpauir.
Portion of airstrip has an apartment complex built on it in early 2012, ending use as airstrip.

</doc>
<doc id="19203168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203168" title="Philip Craven">
Philip Craven

Sir Philip Craven, MBE (born 4 July 1950, Bolton, England) is a British sports administrator and former athlete. He is the second and current President of the International Paralympic Committee (IPC).
Education.
Craven attended Bolton School Boys' Division, where he was a keen swimmer, cricketer and tennis player. In 1966, at the age of 16, he fell during a rock-climbing expedition at Wilton Quarries, Bolton; the accident left him without the use of his legs. Craven obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in Geography at University of Manchester in 1972. He speaks fluent English and French, as well as basic German.
Career as an athlete.
Craven represented Great Britain in wheelchair basketball at five editions of the Paralympic Games, from 1972 to 1988. He also competed in track and field athletics and swimming at the 1972 Games. 
He won gold at the wheelchair basketball World Championships in 1973, and bronze in 1975, as well as two gold medals (1971, 1974) and a silver (1993) at the European Championships. He also won gold at the European Champions Cup in 1994, and gold at the Commonwealth Paraplegic Games in 1970.
Results at the Paralympic Games<br>
Career in sports administration.
In 1980, alongside Horst Strohkendl and Stan Labanowich, Craven played a vital role in the development of a new classification system for wheelchair basketball athletes. Wheelchair basketball rejected its medically based classification system consisting of 3 classes, a system that was founded upon principles that forced athletes to depend on medical examinations. This progress led to a new 4-class functional system, which was democratically voted in 1982. Due to this, wheelchair basketball was increasingly associated with sport as opposed to medicine and rehabilitation, although both still play an important secondary role.
In 1988, Craven was elected Chairperson of the Wheelchair Basketball Section of the International Stoke Mandeville Games Federation (ISMGF), the first athlete to lead the sport worldwide. Craven's striving for self-determination and self-government pave the way for the establishment of wheelchair basketball as an independent federation, when it gave up its previous identification as a basketball section of the ISMGF to become the independent, self-governing International Wheelchair Basketball Federation (IWBF) in 1993. At the First IWBF Official World Congress 1994 in Edmonton, Alberta, Philip Craven was elected the first President of IWBF, holding the office until 1998. A productive and more formalized working relationship with FIBA, the worldwide governing body for the sport of basketball, was arranged under Craven's administration, to further legitimize wheelchair basketball itself.
Craven was elected as the second President of the International Paralympic Committee in 2001, a position he continues to hold today.
He was knighted in June 2005.
Commitment.
Sir Philip Craven is today an Ambassador for Peace and Sport, a Monaco-based international organization, committed to serving peace in the world through sport.

</doc>
<doc id="19203174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203174" title="Erling Christie">
Erling Christie

Erling Christie (19 May 1928 — 3 September 1996) was a Norwegian author. 
Christie was among the pioneers of modernism in Norway both as a poet and a critic. Christie published five poetry collections in his life, and these were collected in the posthumous collection "Samlede dikt" (Aschehoug 1998). 
His literary works meant that Christie introduced a large number of English language authors to the Norwegian public, and his own poetry was inspired by English speaking authors such as T. S. Eliot.
In 1959 Erling Christie had an accident that led to him losing his sight and becoming unemployed. This led to him writing "Tegnene slukner", which was published the year after the accident took place. 

</doc>
<doc id="19203177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203177" title="Phonofiddle">
Phonofiddle

A phonofiddle is a class of stringed musical instruments that are played with a bow and use a phonograph type reproducer as a voice-box.
The sound producing diaphragm may be a metal cone as in the Stroh violin or a mica sheet as in the instruments made by A. T. Howson, London and the Stroviols company of Britain. The sound generated by the vibrations from the string or strings are transferred through the bridge to a connecting arm into the center of the diaphragm within the reproducer. The vibrating column of air is then directed into one or several horns.
On the 4th of May, 1899, Johannes Matthias Augustus Stroh applied for a patent in Great Britain, GB9418 titled "Improvements in Violins and other Stringed Instruments" which was accepted on 24th March, 1900. This described the use of a flat metal (other materials are also mentioned) diaphragm in the voice-box (reproducer) of a violin to mechanically amplify the sound.
Then on 16th February 1901 he applied for a second Great British patent, GB3393 titled "Improvements in the Diaphragms of Phonographs, Musical Instruments, and anologous Sound-producing, Recording and Transmitting Contrivances". Which was accepted on 14th December 1901. This effectively extended the first concept to now use a conical resonator with corugations at it's edge, allowing a more 'rigid' diaphragm. His failure to register his inventions in the USA allowed John Dopyera and Geo Beauchamp to subsequently obtain US patents for the tricone and single cone designs used in National brand instruments. 
The use of a phonograph reproducer with mica Isinglass diaphragms allowed the cost of production to be reduced.
Phonofiddles had a brief period of popularity as studio instruments for acoustic recording of phonograph records as the energy of the sound could be directed into the collection horn of the recording equipment. Later the phonofiddle was relegated to novelty performances such as those of The Temperance Seven and Bennett & Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="19203187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203187" title="August Evening">
August Evening

August Evening is a 2007 film following the relationship between an aging undocumented farm worker named Jaime and his young, widowed daughter-in-law, Lupe. It was written and directed by Chris Eska, and released theatrically on September 5, 2008. Principal photography on the film took place during five consecutive weeks in the late summer of 2005.
Film locations and equipment.
Filming locations in Texas included Gonzales, Seguin, Boerne, San Antonio, Smiley, and Corpus Christi. The film was shot with a Sony F900/2 camera.
Cast.
As appearing in screen credits (main roles identified):
Reception.
Stephen Farber of "The Hollywood Reporter" credits the film as, “Perfectly honed, naturalistic acting and visual lyricism.”

</doc>
<doc id="19203195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203195" title="Come Death">
Come Death

Come Death is the fourth full-length studio album by Norwegian death metal band, Blood Red Throne. The album was released in 2007 by Earache Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19203201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203201" title="Animated Tales of the World">
Animated Tales of the World

Animated Tales of the World is a 2001 American animated series that aired on HBO. It won two Primetime Emmy Awards in 2001, for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Animation and Outstanding Voice-Over Performance for Peter Macon.

</doc>
<doc id="19203212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203212" title="Vladimir Haensel">
Vladimir Haensel

Vladimir Haensel (1 September 1914 – 15 December 2002) was an American chemical engineer who invented the platforming process - a "plat"inum catalytic process for re"forming" petroleum hydrocarbons into gasoline. In addition, he was influential in the creation of catalytic converters for automobiles.
Life.
Haensel was born 1 September 1914 in Freiburg, Germany, but grew up in Moscow where his father Paul Haensel was a university professor of economics. He came to the USA in 1930 when his father took up an academic position.
He received a BS degree in general engineering from Northwestern University, and a Master's in chemical engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1937, joining the Universal Oil Products Company (UOP) the same year. While there he worked for a Ph.D. in chemistry from Northwestern University, which was awarded in 1941.
Following World War II, Dr. Haensel went to Europe under the auspices of the U.S. Petroleum Administration for War to evaluate German research on synthetic fuels.
In UOP he progressed to become vice-president and director of research (1969) and vice-president for science and technology (1972–79). In 1980 he became professor of chemical engineering at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, a position he held until his death, on 15 December 2002. He was survived by his wife, Hertha Skala Haensel.
Work.
Haensel worked on surface catalysts, patenting various methods for improving chemical processes in the oil industry. Platinum was known to chemists as a catalyst, but was considered too expensive for industrial use. Haensel, however, understood that only the surface mattered, so produced ceramic supports with tiny amounts of platinum metal on the surface, eventually showing that 0.01% could be effective. It has since been realised that the platinum was in the form of nanoparticles, long before this idea was common. The metal combined with the acid surface of alumina to carry out two chemical processes, resulting in the production of gasoline with a higher octane rating. At that time, octane rating was improved by the addition of anti-knock agents such as tetraethyllead. The development of the platforming process allowed the eventual removal of lead from gasoline. In addition, hydrogen was produced, which was valuable in itself but also helped to remove sulfur, giving a cleaner, more environmentally friendly process.
Furthermore, the catalyst produced aromatic compounds such as benzene, valuable for the chemical industry and the developing plastics industry. Thus Haensel had a major impact on three industries, and on the US economy. This was recognised in his receipt of the first National Academy of Sciences Award for Chemistry in Service to Society, 1981, "For his outstanding research in the catalytic reforming of hydrocarbons, that has greatly enhanced the economic value of our petroleum natural resources".
In the 1950s the source of photochemical smog was established as automobile exhaust emissions. In his senior position in UOP, from 1956 to 1974, Haensel directed the research programs which led to catalytic converters.
He was the inventor or co-inventor of 145 US patents.
In his later years (1981–1998), Haensel was an educator, encouraging undergraduates and postgraduates while remaining in touch with industry as a part-time consultant. His success was shown by receiving the Chancellor's Outstanding Teacher Award of the University of Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19203216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203216" title="Scream and Scream Again">
Scream and Scream Again

Scream and Scream Again is a 1970 conspiracy-thriller / sci-fi film.
It marks the second teaming, after The Oblong Box, of actors Vincent Price and Christopher Lee and director Gordon Hessler. Price and Lee only share a brief scene in this films' climax, however.
The movie's title, and association with stars Price, Lee and Peter Cushing have given it an undeserved reputation as a violent horror film, but the violence in the film is mostly understated and/or off-screen, while the plot owes more to films like Invasion of the Body Snatchers or 1970's era 'conspiracy thrillers' like The Parallax View.
The Overlook Film Guide: Science-Fiction, acknowledges it as: "one of the best science-fiction films made in Britain."
Plot.
The movie's structure is fragmented, as it alternates between three distinguishable plot threads.
A man jogging through suburban London grabs his heart, and collapses. He wakes up in a hospital bed. The nurse tending him give him water. She leaves. He pulls down the bed covers to discover both his legs have been amputated. He screams.
An official (Marshall Jones) from an unidentified Eastern European totalitarian state arrives back at his home country. Upon being debriefed by a superior officer, the man steps around the table, places a hand on the man's shoulder, paralyzes him, and kills him.
A Metropolitan London detective (Alfred Marks) and his unit, investigate the deaths of several young women in the city. The women, picked up at nightclubs by Keith (Michael 
Gothard), have apparently been killed by the same individual, and some of the bodies have 
been drained of blood. 
The centerpiece of the movie is near 15 min. long police - murder suspect car-chase/foot-chase sequence through suburban London.
Vincent Price plays a doctor whose clinic specializes in limb and organ transplantation.
Christopher Lee plays the head of Britain's -unnamed- intelligence services.
Peter Cushing -third-billed- plays an unidentified official in the Eastern European country; a very brief cameo role.
The three plot lines converge in a chilling -and unexpected- climax.
Production.
The opening credits list the copyright as 1969, and Judy Huxtable is billed as a "guest star". 
The movie is based on Peter Saxon's science fiction novel "The Disoriented Man". For the most part, the movie follows the novel quite closely.
In the novel, the antagonists turned out to be aliens. According to an interview with Christopher Lee, the characters were indeed going to be revealed as aliens in the movies climax, but all connections to that fact were cut out of the movie before it was released, leaving the enigmatic villains backgrounds unexplained.
Rights to the novel were bought by Milton Subotsky of Amicus Productions who got financing from Louis Heyward head of European operations for AIP.
There was a script but Gordon Hessler says he got Chris Wickling to heavily rewrite it:
That was really a pulp book, a throwaway book that you read on a train. There was nothing in it, just empty pieces of action. But it was Chris who gave it a whole new level by using it as a political process of what might happen in the future. That is what made the picture, he's the one that came up with all those ideas, yet he still managed to keep the nuances of the sort of pulp fiction novel.
The theme song for the film was by Amen Corner, who appeared in the film singing it. This was one of their last appearances before Andy Fairweather-Low departed for a solo career after a brief career as Fair Weather.
This marked the first time Peter Cushing, Vincent Price and Christopher Lee appeared in the same film. However all three did not share screen space. Cushing does not appear with either Lee or Price, only appearing in a cameo. Lee and Price share a brief scene towards the film's climax.

</doc>
<doc id="19203217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203217" title="Bilua language">
Bilua language

Bilua is the most populous Papuan language spoken in the Solomon Islands. It is a Central Solomons language spoken by about 9000 people on the island of Vella Lavella.

</doc>
<doc id="19203219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203219" title="La Fatarella">
La Fatarella

La Fatarella is a municipality in northern Terra Alta, within the region of Ribera d'Ebre in Spain.
History.
One of the oldest buildings in La Fatarella was a Muslim watchtower in the site where the chapel of "Mare de Déu of the Misericòrdia" stands today. The name of the population is derived from the Arab name fro 'tower', although there are other etymological theories. They are no visible remains of the tower. From the point where it stood there is a commandig view of the High Terra and a magnificent panoramic view.
The Fatarella has irregular and winding streets that present an architectonic element locally known as "perxes", which are sections of a street being covered by "envigats", or stone arcs, that unite several houses. The origins of the Fatarella present town is medieval, as the facades of many houses show, having porticoes of stone with thresholds carved with different symbols and inscriptions. 
During the Middle Ages the town was walled to offer protection for its inhabitants, mainly from brigands and wolves. The walls are between 80 and 120 cm in width. This defensive system continued until well into the 17th century, when the a population boom forced the city to expand beyond the walls. Nowadays, vestiges of these walls can still be seen, from which access doors on the enclosure can be deduced. 
La Fatarella, especially neighboring Serra de la Fatarella mountain range, was one of the main scenarios of the Battle of the Ebro in the Spanish Civil War. A monument to commemorate the victims was erected in 2010.
Bibliography.
Varios (1989), Guía de Catalunya. Todos los pueblos y todas las comarcas. ISBN 84-87135-01-3.

</doc>
<doc id="19203241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203241" title="Dan Jones International Airport">
Dan Jones International Airport

Dan Jones International Airport is a public-use airport in unincorporated Harris County, Texas, United States that is privately owned by Daniel Jones of Cypress. The airport is located southwest of the city of Tomball and 22 nautical miles (41 km) northwest Houston.
Facilities and aircraft.
Dan Jones International Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 166 feet (51 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 17/35 with a 3,440 by 50 ft (1,049 x 15 m) asphalt and turf surface. For the 12-month period ending May 20, 2008, the airport had 7,800 aircraft operations, an average of 21 per day, all of which were general aviation. At that time there were 18 aircraft based at this airport: 94% single-engine and 6% multi-engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19203254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203254" title="Tagada">
Tagada

A tagada is an amusement ride made by various manufacturers. Riders sit in a round bowl with no seatbelts or restraints. There are bars behind the riders which they hold onto. The ride starts to spin, the music starts playing and hydraulic arms bounce the riders up and down. 
The Tagada is operated by a human operator, they will synchronize the bounces with the music bit. Most operators give time for riders to get to their seats again before making the ride bounce. Sometimes riders will be told the ride is over and the gates will not open and the operator will restart the ride making everyone fall over and then open the gates. This mostly happens in Germany and Scotland.
Tagada rides are often associated with injuries to the occupants, including ejections from the ride, such as 20 June 2011 in Newcastle, or during the 2008 British Grand Prix or October 2009, or just broken bones of riders who fall into the middle of the ride. Many street fairs ban tagada rides due to their generally poor safety records. 

</doc>
<doc id="19203268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203268" title="Eustace (disambiguation)">
Eustace (disambiguation)

Eustace is a given and family name.
Eustace may also refer to:
The Eustace family were a prominent Norman-Irish family in County Kildare, Ireland in the Middle Ages, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19203275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203275" title="Alaa Ahmad">
Alaa Ahmad

Alaa Ahmed is a former Iraqi footballer. He was born in Basra, Iraq in 1952 and played football in school teams before he represented Al Basra's team in 1971, at the age of 19, and then the Al Moshah team (one of the premier's league teams then). After two seasons he went back to his hometown where he started playing for Al Minaa' Team which he continued with until his retirement.
His international journey began in 1973 with his Iraqi team: Al Shabab, which consisted of great players from the national team participating in the Palestine Cup Championship which was held in Libya, and he played his debut match against the Emarati team where on which time the Iraqi team won 3-1. He was then invited to join the national team and he played his international debut match against the Tunisian team in Al Sha'b International Stadium and the match concluded with a 0-0 draw. After his debut he played 54 other matches. Some of them were the Asian seventh games which were held in Tahran in 1974, some in the Asian cup of Nations in Tahran, Merdica Malaysian championship in 1977 and 1978, "Khaliji 5" which was held in Baghdad in 1979 and finally Moscow's Olympic finals in 1980.
Among his coaches were Sami Nagy, Amou Baba, Tamer Mohsen, Gamal Salah, the Yugoslavian coach Kaka and the Scottish Dani Maklinin.

</doc>
<doc id="19203279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203279" title="The Last Shot You Hear">
The Last Shot You Hear

The Last Shot You Hear is a 1969 British thriller film directed by Gordon Hessler and starring Hugh Marlowe, Zena Walker, Patricia Haines, William Dysart and Thorley Walters.

</doc>
<doc id="19203284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203284" title="Louisville Herald-Post">
Louisville Herald-Post

The Louisville Herald-Post was a newspaper that was published in Louisville, Kentucky.
Origins.
"The Herald-Post" was created in 1925 from the merging of the old "Louisville Herald" and "Louisville Post" newspapers. Louisville financier James Buckner Brown sought to operate the paper as a counter to the positions of the Bingham newspapers the "Louisville Times" and the "Courier-Journal".
Brown invested nearly five million dollars in the combined newspapers.
Bankruptcy and new ownership.
Brown lost his fortune in 1930 when his bank holding company BancoKentucky failed. After the BancoKentucky's failure, Brown had to reduce the newspapers expenditures and it suffered in quality as a result.
John B. Gallagher.
In December 1930 "The Herald-Post" was put into bankruptcy. John B. Gallagher, a New York advertiser purchased the newspaper in a bankruptcy receiver's sale for $315,000.
Walter H. Girdler.
Walter H. Girdler, Sr. President of Girdler Corporation purchased a large portion of the stock in "The Herald-Post" in 1933 and took over control of the newspaper.
Bankruptcy and closure.
The paper went bankrupt again in 1936 and this time it ceased publication and was closed.

</doc>
<doc id="19203305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203305" title="Altered Genesis">
Altered Genesis

Altered Genesis is the third studio album by Norwegian death metal band, Blood Red Throne. The album was released on February 22, 2005 by Earache Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19203306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203306" title="The Gentle Intruder">
The Gentle Intruder

The Gentle Intruder is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by James Kirkwood. A copy of the film still exists at the Dutch Filmmuseum.
Plot.
Sylvia is the niece of a man who leaves her a fortune. However, his lawyer, Mr. Baxter, uses the money to support himself and his wife. Sylvia gives him a visit, but isn't wanted there. She falls in love with his son Arnold, who has a drinking and gambling problem. While she is trying to get him straightened up, Arnold find out his parents are keeping Sylvia's money for their own.

</doc>
<doc id="19203309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203309" title="Ring of Spies">
Ring of Spies

Ring of Spies (also known as "Ring of Treason") is a 1964 British spy film based on the real-life case of the Portland Spy Ring. 
Plot.
A dissatisfied Navy clerk begins handling secret documents when he is approached by secret Czech intelligence to hand over documents to them. Although he is being black-mailed, he agrees to do so while also being paid for the information. He begins an affair with the secretary who also has access to greater secret documents. Together, the couple continue to procure information for Czech intelligence while getting paid. Soon, the British government gets wind of their betrayal.

</doc>
<doc id="19203314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203314" title="Vinny Warren">
Vinny Warren

Vinny Warren is an Irish-born American advertising creative director, most notable for his iconic "Whassup?" campaign for Budweiser (Anheuser-Busch). Warren was inducted into the Clio Awards Hall of Fame in 2006. He is based in Chicago, Illinois.
External links.
Vinny Warren's blog

</doc>
<doc id="19203317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203317" title="Locky Byrne">
Locky Byrne

Loughlin 'Locky' Byrne (1914–1941) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling at various times with his local clubs Ferrybank, Mooncoin, Slieverue and Mount Sion. Byrne also lined out with both the Waterford and the Kilkenny senior inter-county teams in the 1930s and 1940s.
Biography.
Loughlin Byrne was born in the Glen area of Waterford in 1914. The son of a railyard worker called Dashy Byrne, he was raised in Ferrybank on the Waterford-Kilkenny border.
Playing career.
Club.
Byrne played his club hurling with a selection of famous clubs in both Waterford and Kilkenny. He first tasted success with Ferrybank in 1928 when he won a minor county title with the club. Byrne later joined the famous Mooncoin club in Kilkenny. Here he enjoyed further success when he captured a senior county title in 1936 He also lined out with Slieverue during this period. Byrne later joined the famous Mount Sion clin in Waterford city and shared in some of that club's famous victories. He won his first senior county title with Mount Sion in 1938. It was the first of three consecutive county titles as Byrne colelcted two more county medals in 1939 and 1940.
Inter-county.
Byrne first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Waterford minor hurling team in the late 1920s. He was only fifteen years-old when he won a Munster minor title in 1929 following a 7-5 to 0-2 thrashin of Tipperary. Waterford later qualified for the All-Ireland final where, surprisingly, Meath provided the opposition. The men from the Déise dominated completely and went on to win by 5-0 to 1-1 giving Byrne a coveted All-Ireland medal.
Byrne was later drafted onto the Waterford senior hurling panel. He was only seventeen when he played in the 1931 Munster final with Cork providing the opposition. A close, exciting game developed, however, with time running out Waterford were winning by a single point. Cork, however, had the luck on the day as eight minutes of injury time allowed them to score the equalising point and draw the game. The replay was more conclusive as Cork won by 5-4 to 1-2, ending Waterford's championship campaign.
By the mid-1930s Byrne had crossed the border and was playing with the KIlkenny senior inter-county team. He played in the Leinster decider of 1934, however, Dublin were the winners on that occasion. The following year Byrne was still on the team as Kilkenny defeated Laois to take the Leinster title. Byrne later line dout in his first All-Ireland final at senior level. Limerick provided the opposition on that occasion and were the red-hot favourites. They were the reigning National League and All-Ireland champions and had played a remarkable 31 games without defeat. A record crowd of over 46,000 turned up to watch a hurling classic. In spite of rain falling throughout the entire game both sides served up a great game. At the beginning of the second-half Lory Meagher sent over a huge point from midfield giving Kilkenny an inspirational lead which they wouldn’t surrender. As a result of this victory Byrne collected a coveted All-Ireland medal.
By 1938 Byrne was back on the Waterford senior team. That year his side reached the Munster final with Clare providing the opposition. In a close game Waterford emerged as the victors on a score line of 3-5 to 2-5. Not only was it Byrne's first Munster medal but it was also the first time that Waterford had won the provincial title. Waterford later accounted for Galway allowing Byrne's side to advance to their first-ever All-Ireland final. Dublin provided the opposition on that occasion and the game turned out to be a good one. Declan Goode scored a goal for the Decies after just six minutes, however, Dublin fought back with goals of their own. Eventually, victory went to ‘the Dubs’ on a score line of 2-5 to 1-6.
Death.
In 1940 Byrne got injured playing a club match against Portlaw and came off with a coat wrapped around himself. He sat in the wet grass on the sideline for the remainder of the game, however, he contracted tuberculosis as a result of this. His health steadily declined over the next few months, however, he continued hurling. Byrne died in January 1941 aged twenty-seven.

</doc>
<doc id="19203342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203342" title="Aril Edvardsen">
Aril Edvardsen

Aril Snorre Edvardsen (15 November 1938 – 6 September 2008) was a Norwegian evangelical preacher and missionary, considered one of the most influential Christian figures of all time from Scandinavia. 
In his youth Edvardsen was active in local politics for the Workers' Youth League, the youth wing of the Norwegian Labour Party, and also performed in a country music band. He claimed to have been born again in 1956, an experience which led him to redirect his life towards evangelical work. Then, in 1960, he experienced what he described as a calling, instructing him to start worldwide evangelising through the use of native missionaries.
In 1965 he founded the organisation "Troens Bevis", an organisation that would grow to support around 1000 native missionaries around the world. The organisation today includes a multi-media venture, with daily television broadcasts reaching as many as 200 different nations. In 2007 Aril Edvardsen's son Rune took over leadership of "Troens Bevis".
Aril Edvardsen was a proponent of reconciliation between Christians and Muslims, and in 2004 directed heavy criticism against Carl I. Hagen, then leader of the Progress Party, for Hagen's derisive comments against the prophet Muhammad.
Edvardsen married his classmate Kari when he was 17 years old. It was allegedly while his wife was in the hospital giving birth to the couple's first daughter that Edvardsen went along with a friend to the meeting where his conversion happened.
He died 6 September 2008, in Mombasa, Kenya, where he was vacationing with his wife after a missionary campaign in Zanzibar, Tanzania. According to friends he had experienced cardiac problems in a period before his death. Edvardsen's funeral on 15 September 2008 was attended by some 1,500–2,000 people, including the Norwegian Minister of Fisheries and Coastal Affairs, Helga Pedersen.

</doc>
<doc id="19203347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203347" title="Fuck It, We'll Do It Live">
Fuck It, We'll Do It Live

"Fuck It, We'll Do It Live" is the first live album by American horror punk musician Wednesday 13. It was released on November 14, 2008 through Hot Topic locations in the United States. The album contains a live performance recorded at the Crocodile Rock in Allentown, Pennsylvania earlier the same year. 13 has asserted that no post-production overdubbing will occur in the studio, and admits, "If we make a mistake, you will hear it. If my voice cracks, you hear it. This is as close to a live experience as we could give." The title of the album is a reference to an infamous outtake from "Inside Edition", in which Bill O'Reilly shouts "Fuck it, we'll do it live!" after becoming frustrated by a last-minute alteration to the show's teleprompter text.
Background information.
In an interview with "SF Weekly", Wednesday 13 spoke about his current touring band. "This is like my favorite lineup that I've ever had, and I've definitely had members come and go for many different reasons over the years, and not all have," he said. "It kind of sucks because every time you get a different band member, it's way beyond crazy a lot of the guys that I've played with are guys that are front men of their own bands and they want to break up — which has been, I would say 90% of the cases with most of the guys I play with who no longer play with me anymore — to do their own thing. Right now, the longest-lasting member in our band who's still in the band now is Nate on bass. We have Jason [Trioxin on guitar, and Johnny on drums. We're back to a four-piece because I'm playing guitar again, 'cause my collarbone is healed from my accident last year. I had to give it up there for a while. I had a car accident last September, flipped my car five times and broke my collarbone, so... we were always a four-piece and I always played guitar, but I had four solid months where I had all these tours booked, and I went on tour and it never healed up, so I had to have an extra member come and play guitar and I just had to be the frontman for awhile."

</doc>
<doc id="19203353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203353" title="Celines Toribio">
Celines Toribio

Celines Toribio is an actress, model, and Spanish-speaking television personality.
Biography.
Toribio was born in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. In 1996 she graduated from Lehman College with a Bachelors Degree in Mass Communications and a Minor in Theater. She moved to Los Angeles in 2006 to pursue acting and currently studies with Arthur Mendoza, an acting coach who has worked with Salma Hayek, Benicio del Toro, and Laurence Fishburne.
Career.
Celines Toribio is managed by Giancarlo Chersich.
Hosting.
Toribio began her television career in 1995 as host of the variety and entertainment program "Sabado Al Mediodia" ("Saturday at Midday"), alongside Cuban entertainer Luis Velasco and was also a featured as an entertainment reporter on WXTV's local newscast as the host of "Galeria" ("Gallery"), a daily live gossip and entertainment segment, and "Mi Gente" ("My People"), a weekly segment that profiled and interviewed famous Latino personalities. During Toribio's tenure at WXTV, she made several appearances at local Latino events such as the Puerto Rican Day Parade and the Dominican Day Parade.
In 1997, Toribio received national exposure on Univision, the nation's dominant Spanish-language television network, as the on-air host for the network's coverage of Miami's Calle Ocho street festival, Little Havana. Later, she became a reporter for Univision's weekly primetime "Fuera De Serie" ("Something Outrageous"), and an entertainment reporter for "El Gordo y La Flaca" ("Fat and Skinny"), the network's daily entertainment news and gossip show. During her career she has interviewed many major Latino celebrities including Ricky Martin, Luis Miguel, Celia Cruz, and Michelle Rodriguez among many others. From 2002 to 2006, Toribio was the host of a Major League Baseball show on ESPN Deportes called "Sabor a Beisbol". Fox Sports is featuring her in their September television special about Latinos in Baseball. She is the only woman that ever hosted a Major League Baseball-produced television show. She also spent time as a co-host of the Spanish language morning radio program in New York called "Coco y Celines de 6 AM-10 AM".
On September 13, 2008 she will be the host of FIESTA 2008, a major Latino concert at Central Park summer stage in New York presented by People en Español and sponsored by ABC, Maybelline, and Verizon.
Acting.
Toribio recently finished shooting "El hijo del carnicero" ("The Butcher’s Son") opposite Manny Perez. In June 2008, she worked with Vin Diesel in a short film which is part of the upcoming film "Fast & Furious".
She also starred opposite Michelle Rodriguez in the historical film "Trópico de Sangre" which debuted in the "New York International Latino Film Festival" on July 29, 2010. In the film, she portrays Dedé Mirabal.
Modeling.
Toribio has been featured in major print publications such as the "New York Post", "Stuff Magazine", "El Diario la Prensa", "The Source Magazine", and "Listín Diario".
Filmography.
Notable rankings.
Toribio was selected by fans in the US and Latin America as one of "People en Español"'s "50 Mas Bellos" (Most Beautiful).
Personal life.
Toribio married her manager Giancarlo Chersich in 2009. Chersich proposed in May 2008 in Cannes, France.
Toribio has an academy in the Bronx, New York where her staff teaches modeling, acting, and dance.

</doc>
<doc id="19203367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203367" title="Richard King High School">
Richard King High School

Richard King High School, or King as it is often referred to, is one of five secondary schools that are part of the Corpus Christi Independent School District in Corpus Christi, Texas (USA). It is the largest high school within the Corpus Christi area and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Administrative.
King's operating budget for the 2005-2006 school year was $12,151,016.00. Their attendance rate for 2003-2004 was 93.8%. As of November 2012, Minerva A. Abrego serves as the high school's Principal. The King High School band received a 1st divisionat UIL in 2013.
Ethnicity.
Richard King's ethnicity distribution for the 2008-2009 school year was 56.6% Hispanic, 32.8% White, 6.2% African-American, 4.0% Pacific Islander, and .4% Native American.

</doc>
<doc id="19203369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203369" title="Öskudagur">
Öskudagur

Öskudagur is an Icelandic holiday (Ash Wednesday) when children dress up in costumes and sing songs for candy.

</doc>
<doc id="19203399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203399" title="USS Lehigh (AK-192)">
USS Lehigh (AK-192)

USS "Lehigh" (AK-192) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed by the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. She was declared excess-to-needs and returned to the U.S. Maritime Commission shortly after commissioning.
Service career.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Lehigh" (AK-192) was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract by Walter Butler Shipbuilding Co., Superior, Wisconsin, 8 June 1944; launched 25 November 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Stanley Butler; acquired by the Navy 30 July 1945.
"Lehigh" placed in service the same day for ferrying from Beaumont, Texas, to Galveston, Texas; placed out of service on the 31st; and commissioned at New Orleans 13 September 1945, Lt. George Kotnick in command. Because of the reduced need for cargo ships following World War II, "Lehigh" decommissioned 6 November 1945 and was turned over to the War Shipping Administration (WSA) the same day.
Her ultimate fate is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="19203402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203402" title="James Runcie">
James Runcie

The Hon. James Runcie (born 1959) is a British novelist, documentary film-maker, television producer, theatre director, and Head of Literature and Spoken Word at the Southbank Centre in London. He is also Visiting Professor at Bath Spa University.
Early life.
Runcie is the son of Robert Runcie, the former Archbishop of Canterbury, and Rosalind Runcie. He was educated at the Dragon School in Oxford, Marlborough College, and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He gained a first class degree in English from Cambridge University in 1981.
Writing.
Runcie has written the novels "Canvey Island", "The Discovery of Chocolate", "The Colour of Heaven", and "East Fortune". 
2012 saw the publication of "Sidney Chambers and the Shadow of Death", to a favourable critical reception. The book, which comprises six short standalone mysteries, is the first in a series of six works of detective fiction, entitled "The Grantchester Mysteries". The second, "Sidney Chambers and the Perils of the Night", is scheduled to be released on 21 May 2013. Runcie is published by Bloomsbury. 
He also writes lifestyle pieces on the subjects of family and literature for major UK newspapers.
Work in media.
From 1983–1985, Runcie worked in Radio Drama for BBC Scotland as a writer and director. His work included "Miss Julie", "The White Devil", "Roderick Hudson", "Men Should Weep", and "A Private Grief".
More recently, James Runcie has produced Arts, Music, and History programmes for the BBC. He is a freelance director of documentary films, and has produced documentaries featuring the writers Hilary Mantel, JK Rowling and JG Ballard, as well as making "My Father", filmed a week before Robert Runcie's death, and the six-part series "How Buildings Learn". He works freelance for the BBC, ITV, and Channel 4. He has worked with presenters including David Starkey, Griff Rhys Jones, Andrew Motion, Alain de Botton, and Simon Schama.
In 2009, Runcie was appointed Artistic Director of the Bath Literature Festival. He left the post in 2013 to take up a position as Head of Literature and Spoken Word at the Southbank Centre in London.
"J.K. Rowling: A Year in the Life".
From October 2006 to October 2007, Runcie spent a year filming "J.K. Rowling: A Year in the Life" for ITV, as the author was completing the final novel in the Harry Potter cycle, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows". The programme featured intimate access to Rowling's daily life, and included deeply personal interviews about her childhood and her own struggles with her writing process. The film frequently shows Rowling in tears when she remembers her life before writing the Harry Potter books. Runcie conducted his own interviews and narrated the film, however, when shown in the United States, additional commentary was provided by Elizabeth Vargas.
This film was transmitted on December 30, 2007 by ITV, and included in "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" DVD as supplement.
Awards.
Runcie won a Royal Television Society award for his film "Miss Pym's Day Out" in 1992, and has also received Royal Television Society nominations for "How Buildings Learn" and "The Gentle Art of Making Enemies". "Miss Pym's Day Out" was also nominated for a BAFTA Huw Wheldon Award for the Best Arts Programme in 1992.
He has won two BAFTA Scotland Radio Drama Awards for "Watching Waiters" and "Mrs Lynch’s Maggot", and been nominated for a BAFTA award for the film "Great Composers — Bach".
Personal life.
Runcie married the Radio Drama producer Marilyn Imrie in 1985. They have one daughter together, Charlotte Runcie, born in 1989, and James is also stepfather to Marilyn's daughter, Rosie Kellagher, born in 1978. Kellagher is a freelance theatre director.
Runcie currently lives in Edinburgh, Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19203412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203412" title="Yummy">
Yummy

Yummy may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19203418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203418" title="Mimi Michaels">
Mimi Michaels

Mimi Michaels (born February 22, 1983) is an American actress.
Early life.
Michaels was born in Great Neck, Nassau County, New York. She left to attend the famed LaGuardia High School of Performing Arts in New York City, which she calls "The best decision of my life!" After graduating, on the high school dean's advice, rather than accepting a place at the SUNY Conservatory, she moved to Los Angeles to pursue her acting career. Between acting jobs, she takes literature classes at the University of Southern California, where she majors in English.
Michaels remembers herself playing at acting characters in costume at the age of three, and acting professionally in commercials from the age of four. One of her earliest childhood television roles was on "Saturday Night Live" in 1991. She has a family acting connection: her maternal grandparents had acted in vaudeville and stage drama, and her brother Fred works for a film production company and as a writer.
Acting career.
Michaels's first part in Los Angeles was the title role in "Aimee Semple McPherson" (2006). She played the evangelical preacher from the age of 15 into her 40s, which was a challenge for her developing acting skills, and got her a mixed review from "Christianity Today". 
She had leading roles in several web series, the vampire movie ' (2008), the parody "House of Heather", and the MTV Films horror series "Savage County". In 2009, Michaels also had notable supporting roles in the big screen horror film "Boogeyman 3", and the NBC television disaster miniseries '.

</doc>
<doc id="19203423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203423" title="Joey Boy (film)">
Joey Boy (film)

Joey Boy is a 1965 British comedy war film directed by Frank Launder and starring Harry H. Corbett, Stanley Baxter, Bill Fraser, Percy Herbert, Lance Percival, Reg Varney and Thorley Walters.
Synopsis.
After a gang of London Spivs are arrested for running an illegal gambling den during the Second World War they are offered a choice between prison and a tour of duty with the British Army putting their unique talents to work.

</doc>
<doc id="19203435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203435" title="Skin Turns to Glass">
Skin Turns to Glass

Skin Turns to Glass is the second full-length album by drone doom band Nadja, it was released on October 27, 2003 by NOTHingness Records which was limited to 120 copies. This album was made when Nadja was still a solo effort of Aidan Baker's, prior to when Leah Buckareff joined Nadja in 2005.
The album was re-issued by The End Records on April 1, 2008, with the entire album remastered and extended tracks (with the exception of "Slow Loss"). Also, this edition of the album contains an untitled 28 minute ambient bonus track played after "Slow Loss".

</doc>
<doc id="19203440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203440" title="George Wombwell (disambiguation)">
George Wombwell (disambiguation)

George Wombwell was a proprietor of Wombwell's Travelling Menagerie.
George Wombwell may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19203450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203450" title="Reyer Venezia Mestre">
Reyer Venezia Mestre

Reyer Venezia Mestre is an Italian basketball club based in Venice which currently operates men's, women's, and youth teams. Founded in 1872 as the gymnastics club Società Sportiva Costantino Reyer, it started sponsoring basketball in 1907, and was known for many years as Pallacanestro Venezia.
The men's team currently competes in the first-level Lega Basket. They competed for many seasons in the Italian Lega Basket, among which were the two in 1942 and 1943, when they won the championship.
Titles.
Total titles: 2

</doc>
<doc id="19203464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203464" title="Rangers Supporters' Trust">
Rangers Supporters' Trust

The Rangers Supporters' Trust is a pressure group made up of supporters of Rangers Football Club. Formed in 2003, it aims to pursue the club's interests robustly, monitor media output relating to the club and to project the views of ordinary supporters to the management.
In January 2003 three of the trust's founders (Mark Dingwall - editor of the Rangers fanzine Follow Follow, Colin Glass and Gordon Semple, later joined by Stevie Tyrie) decided to form a trust, after attending an open day held by Supporters Direct, an umbrella body for supporters' groups. Glass, the Trust's first chairman, met officials of Rangers in March 2003, and although the club declined the Trust's requests for help, a launch meeting was held on 5 April 2003, with former Rangers player Mark Walters as a guest of honour.
Since then the Trust has issued regular media releases, developed a Sharesave scheme (investing money in the Club in exchange for previously unissued shares), and maintained regular dialogue with the club’s directors. However, it has not yet been successful in its attempts to have a representative invited on to the Rangers board. Each Trust member has also been given a share in Rangers FC plc in their own name, thus allowing their attendance at the Club’s own AGM, and access to the Club’s annual accounts.
In the Summer of 2008, seven members of the twenty-strong Trust Board resigned over the issue of supporter representation on the Rangers FC plc board. These included the chair and vice-chair who had led negotiations with the chairman of Rangers FC, Sir David Murray. A majority of Trust board members were unhappy at the lack of progress and the lack of feedback and accountability shown. On 31 May 2008 Stephen Smith and Derek Howie (acting Chair and Secretary) assumed joint responsibility for conducting the Trust's business. Smith was subsequently elected as the Trust's chair, and media spokesperson David Edgar as vice-chair.
Criticism and controversy.
There has been some criticism of the Trust and their methods. The journalist Graham Spiers has labeled the Trust "paranoid" and described their output as "empty bluster". Since its inception the Trust has campaigned on a number of occasions for Rangers fans to boycott several national newspapers deemed to have written articles critical of the club or the Trust itself.
In 2008, the Trust was involved in the controversy surrounding Rangers fans' singing of "The Famine Song". Despite widespread condemnation of the song from politicians, pressure groups and the media, the Trust rejected claims that it was racist, saying : "Racism is not a wind-up, however distasteful, aimed at Scottish Celtic fans and in rejecting these specious accusations the Trust restates our opposition to racism and sectarianism, which stands comparison to any other similar body."

</doc>
<doc id="19203471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203471" title="Ellicott Creek Park">
Ellicott Creek Park

Ellicott Creek Park is a small park in Erie County, in the U.S. state of New York. The park is in the Town of Tonawanda, northeast of Buffalo, New York.
The park lies between Tonawanda Creek and Ellicott Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="19203473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203473" title="Houston Executive Airport">
Houston Executive Airport

Houston Executive Airport is a public-use airport in unincorporated Waller County, Texas, United States. The airport is located 28 nautical miles (52 km) west of Downtown Houston. and it is in proximity to Brookshire. The airport is privately owned by WCF, LLC, which is based in Waller County.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned TME by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA (which assigned TME to Tame, Colombia).
History.
The airport, which opened in January 2007, was funded by Ron Henriksen, an area businessman and pilot. Henriksen said that the airport's business plan caters to businesses based in the Energy Corridor area of Houston. Andrew Perry, the airport's executive director, said in February 2007 that the airport could compete with Sugar Land Regional Airport in Sugar Land, Texas and that the airport's proximity to Interstate 10 and Energy Corridor businesses were the airport's greatest advantages. Lance LaCour, the council president and chief executive officer of the Katy Area Economic Development Council, said that the group intended to promote and help increase business at the airport since the group believed that the airport could help the council attract new industries to its area and retain existing industries in its area. By June 2007 the airport has around 50 flight operations per working week and up to 80 flight operations per weekend block. Alan Clark, the transportation planning director for regional planning group Houston-Galveston Area Council, said that the data suggests that leisure travelers use the airport more often than corporate travel.
By June 2007 the airport started construction on a service center. The center, scheduled to open in 2008, has a business center, a crew lounge, a hangar, a weather briefing room, and other facilities.
Facilities.
Houston Executive Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 166 feet (51 m) above mean sea level. It has one asphalt paved runway designated 18/36 which measures 6,610 by 100 ft. (2,015 x 30 m).
Facilities include hangar space, Wi-Fi internet, crew lounge, rental cars, luxury crew cars, and 24 hour service.

</doc>
<doc id="19203474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203474" title="National Cartoon Museum">
National Cartoon Museum

The National Cartoon Museum was an American museum dedicated to the collection, preservation and exhibition of cartoons, comic strips and animation. It was the brainchild of Mort Walker, creator of "Beetle Bailey".
The museum opened in 1974, went through several name changes, relocations, and temporary closures, before finally closing for good in 2002. Originally known as the Museum of Cartoon Art in 1974, the name was changed to the National Cartoon Museum when it moved to Boca Raton, Florida in 1992. In 1996, it became the International Museum of Cartoon Art.
In June 2008, Walker's collection was merged with the Billy Ireland Cartoon Library & Museum, affiliated with Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio.
History.
Walker began preserving cartoon artwork in the 1940s, when he discovered King Features Syndicate using "Krazy Kat" drawings to sop up water leaks. Walker lived in Greenwich, Connecticut, and in 1974, with a contribution of $50,000 from the Hearst Foundation, he opened his museum nearby at 850 Canal Street in Stamford, Connecticut. Two years later, the landlord decided he could rent the mansion for more, forcing a move to a space on Field Point Road in Greenwich, Connecticut. Later, the Museum occupied Ward's Castle, a large, dilapidated house in Port Chester, New York.
In late 1991 the city of Boca Raton, Florida invited Walker to relocate there, and the museum prepared to move in 1992. 
While working to re-open, the museum was robbed of "Dick Tracy" and "Prince Valiant" originals, as well as some Disney animation cels. After acquiring more funding, and a donation of Disney art from Diamond Comic Distributors' Steve Geppi, the newly-minted International Museum of Cartoon Art finally opened the doors to its new facility in 1996. They also appointed Gary Hood to be the director of curatorial affairs.
However, the museum did not attract enough donations and two corporate sponsors went bankrupt. In 1998, the Hearst Foundation again stepped in, giving the museum $1 million. Nonetheless, to pay off some of the debts (including outstanding mortgage payments), Walker auctioned off a Mickey Mouse drawing in 2001 for $700,000. It was not enough, however; the museum was forced to close in 2002, and the collection was put into storage.
An attempt was made to relocate to three floors of the Empire State Building in New York City in 2007, but the deal fell through for reasons that are disputed. Walker finally accepted an offer to merge his collection with that of Ohio State University in 2008.
Collection.
The collection includes over 200,000 original drawings, 20,000 comic books, 1000 hours of film and tape, and various other items. It consists almost entirely of donations from artists, including Chester Gould ("Dick Tracy"), Hal Foster ("Prince Valiant"), Bill Keane ("Family Circus"), political cartoonist Jeff MacNelly, Mike Peters ("Mother Goose and Grimm"), Milton Caniff ("Terry and the Pirates"), Dik Browne ("Hagar the Horrible"), Stan Lee ("Spider-Man"), Rube Goldberg and others. According to the curators, it is valued at an estimated $20 million. Among its prized possessions is the first drawing of Mickey Mouse, by Ub Iwerks for the character's film debut in "Plane Crazy" (1928).
William Randolph Hearst Cartoon Hall of Fame.
Begun in 1974, the Hall of Fame was renamed the William Randolph Hearst Cartoon Hall of Fame in 1997 after a sponsorship was provided by the Hearst Foundation. The 31 inductees, chosen by non-cartoonist authorities, are:

</doc>
<doc id="19203490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203490" title="Perry Kemp">
Perry Kemp

Perry Kemp (born December 31, 1961 in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania) is a former American football wide receiver. He began his professional career with the Jacksonville Bulls of the United States Football League. He then played for the Cleveland Browns and Green Bay Packers of the NFL. He played college football at the California University of Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19203491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203491" title="KTME">
KTME

KTME (89.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Reliance, Wyoming, USA. The station is currently owned by Western Inspirational Broadcasters. It currently carries religious programming from Pilgrim Radio.
Translator.
In addition to the main station, KTME is rebroadcast on two translator stations. The stations are K232CU 94.3 FM in Green River, Wyoming and K299AG 107.7 FM in Rock Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="19203498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203498" title="Pyrenean Mastiff">
Pyrenean Mastiff

The Pyrenean Mastiff ("Mastín del Pirineo") is a large breed of dog originally from the Aragonese Pyrenees in Spain. It should not be confused with the Pyrenean Mountain Dog.
Description.
The Pyrenean Mastiff is a very large dog, males 77 cm (30 in) and females 71 cm (28 in) at the withers, although they can be up to 81 cm (32 in). They have a heavy white coat with large darker spots. The average weight is about 81 kg (178 pounds), although males can often weigh over 100 kg (220 pounds).
History.
This mountain dog is descended from an ancient livestock guardian dog type. It has been documented since 1977 as a modern purebred breed by the "Club del Mastín del Pirineo de España" in Spain. The breed is now being taken from its native region and promoted as a pet in other countries like USA by the Pyrenean Mastiff Club of America. It was recognised by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale in 1982.
Temperament.
This strong, rustic breed is self-reliant and calm. It is even-tempered and docile at home and is protective with children. It is gentle with other dogs as well as other pets and people it knows. However, if challenged, the Pyrenean Mastiff will not hesitate to defend its family or itself from a perceived threat. Although it is gentle and kind with a loving temperament, it takes its work seriously and needs a strong, experienced leader. Certainly this large breed should be socialized from puppyhood to encourage confidence, but it will always be in its nature to remain suspicious of strangers.
The Pyrenean Mastiff should be trained with reward-based, positive lessons from as early an age as possible. This teaches it to pay attention to people. It is generally an independent-minded dog, and may not respect the owner if the owner is too passive.
Grooming.
The Pyrenean Mastiff's longish coat needs regular brushing and combing. It is a regular shedder, too, so the more frequently it is brushed, the less shedding there will be. Its ears should be kept clean and dry, as should the areas around its eyes.
Exercise.
The Pyrenean Mastiff does not require a great deal of exercise, but it will become bored and restless without a sufficient amount. Several daily walks will give it the opportunity it needs to check its surroundings and get exercise. Outings are also a great way to socialize the Pyrenean Mastiff, who becomes gentler and more trusting with every friend it makes along the way.

</doc>
<doc id="19203513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203513" title="Peggy Leads the Way">
Peggy Leads the Way

Peggy Leads the Way is a 1917 silent film directed by Lloyd Ingraham. A copy of the film was first found at the Dutch Filmmuseum. It was sold to the American Film Institute in 1991 and held at UCLA. 
Plot.
Peggy Manners has just finished finishing school and returns home. She has always thought her father was a great and wealthy store owner, but finds out he is a grocery store owner who isn't making any profit. She tries to make a change and falls in love with the son of the wealthy Roland Gardiner.

</doc>
<doc id="19203515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203515" title="2008 Summer Paralympics national flag bearers">
2008 Summer Paralympics national flag bearers

During the Parade of Nations at the opening ceremony of the 2008 Summer Paralympic Games, athletes from each participating country paraded in the stadium, preceded by their flag. The flag was borne by a sportsperson from that country chosen either by the National Paralympic Committee or by the athletes themselves to represent their country. It is considered a great honour to bear the country's flag in the Parade of Nations.
Parade order.
Per tradition, the host country, in this case the People's Republic of China, marched last however contrary to tradition in the Olympic Games the national team of Greece did not enter first. All other nations marched in name order in the language of the host nation, which in this case is the Chinese language. As Chinese is written in characters and not letters, the order of the teams' entry was determined by the number of strokes in the first character of their respective countries' Simplified Chinese names. Countries with the same number of strokes in the first character are sorted by those of the next character. This made Guinea (几内亚) the first country to enter, as it takes two strokes to write the first character in the country's name (几), and Zambia (赞比亚) last-but-one, ahead of China.
List.
The following is a list of each country's flag bearer. The list is sorted in Latin alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="19203516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203516" title="Hakushaku to Yōsei">
Hakushaku to Yōsei

Shueisha has commercially released two drama CDs and a manga adaptation has begun serialization in The Margaret since the September issue in 2008.
An anime adaptation was broadcast from September to December 2008. A visual novel for the PlayStation 2 was released on April 30, 2009.
Plot.
Story.
The story, set in Victorian Britain, follows the adventures of 17-year old Lydia Carlton, nicknamed the "Fairy Doctor" due to her interest and understanding of fairies. Her life takes a 180-degree turn when she meets Edgar J.C Ashenbert, the "Legendary Blue Knight Earl" and his crew on a sea voyage to London. Edgar hires her as an advisor during his quest to obtain a treasured sword that was supposed to be handed down to him by his family.
Media.
Light novels.
As of December 2013, 33 volumes of the light novel have been published in Japan by Shueisha.
Manga.
As of March 2011, four volumes of the manga adaptation of the series have been released by Shueisha under their Margaret Comics imprint. Viz Media has published the series under the name of "The Earl and The Fairy" in their Shojo Beat Manga label.
Drama CDs.
As of September 2008, two drama CDs have been published in Japan by Shueisha.
Anime.
An anime adaptation of the light novels was announced in February 2008. It ran from September 2008 through December 2008. There are 12 episodes. Kōichirō Sōtome directed the anime while the series composition was done by Noriko Nagao. The animated character designs will be done by Maki Fujii while the animation will be done by Artland.
The cast from the drama CDs was used for the anime adaptation.

</doc>
<doc id="19203517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203517" title="Birkdale, North Yorkshire">
Birkdale, North Yorkshire

Birkdale is a dale in the Yorkshire Dales National Park, in North Yorkshire, England. It lies at the far western end of Swaledale, close to the border with Cumbria. The dale is one of the smallest of the Yorkshire Dales. The hamlet of Birkdale is in the lower part of the dale, 2 miles west of Keld. The area forms part of the civil parish of Muker.
Birkdale Beck flows through the dale. At the eastern end of the dale the beck joins Great Sleddale Beck to become the River Swale. 

</doc>
<doc id="19203518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203518" title="Dureji">
Dureji

Dureji is a town and union council of Lasbela District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is located at 25°53'9N 67°18'1E with an altitude of 219 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="19203519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203519" title="Alliance for the Arts">
Alliance for the Arts

The Alliance for the Arts is a New York City organization which serves the cultural community through research and advocacy. Now in its 32nd year, the alliance publishes information on the art and cultural events in New York City as well as studies highlighting the importance of the arts to the economy and to education.
Alliance for the Arts believes:
In November 2008, The Alliance for the Arts relaunched the NYC Arts Network, which consists of NYC-ARTS.org, NYC"kids"ARTS.org and the Arts Research Center, a research database for quantitative information on arts and culture in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="19203548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203548" title="Rev (Ten Foot Pole album)">
Rev (Ten Foot Pole album)

Rev is the second album by Ten Foot Pole, and the last to feature Scott Radinsky.

</doc>
<doc id="19203557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203557" title="Rawhead Rexx (album)">
Rawhead Rexx (album)

Rawhead Rexx is the first full-length self-titled studio album by German power metal band, Rawhead Rexx. The album was released in 2002 by AFM Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19203563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203563" title="The Best House in London">
The Best House in London

The Best House in London is a 1969 British comedy film directed by Philip Saville and starring David Hemmings, Joanna Pettet, George Sanders, Warren Mitchell, John Bird, Maurice Denham and Bill Fraser.

</doc>
<doc id="19203613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203613" title="Vega Tamotia">
Vega Tamotia

Vega Tamotia (born 7 May 1987 in Chhattisgarh, India) is an Indian film actress and model, who has appeared in Tamil, Hindi and Telugu films. She is probably best known for her performances as Saroja in the same-titled film, and Sobikannu in "Pasanga". Vega, with the motive of acting in films, earlier had been acting for Broadway Drama Troupe and gained experience in theater arts.
Early life.
Vega Tamotia was born on May 7,1987 in Chhattisgarh, but brought up in Sydney, Australia. She completed her education in Economics from the University of New South Wales and then attended Indian Institute of Management Bangalore as part of an exchange programme.
Career.
Having an interest in theatre and acting, Vega participated in theatre plays throughout her childhood and school. After having completed her education, she pursued professional theatre in Mumbai, when Swanand Kirkire met her and cast her as the female lead in his Hindi musical "Aao Saathi Sapna Dekhein", for which she along with the rest of the cast was awarded the META (Mahindra Excellence in Theatre Award) for Best Ensemble in 2009. 
Afterwards, she got the opportunity to meet Venkat Prabhu and T. Siva, director and producer of the 2008 Tamil film "Saroja", who, impressed of her acting and attitude, immediately decided to cast her in the film in the title role, by what she stepped into the Indian film industry. The film was critically acclaimed and went on to become successful at the box office, with critics claiming Vega's performance was "apt" for the role. Subsequently she was selected by prominent film maker Sasikumar to feature in his next production, "Pasanga", after he had seen her portfolio. The film based around children, upon release became described as a "masterpiece" by critics, and went on to win two National Film Awards amongst notable regional awards. Vega's performance as a young village kindergarten teacher also received rave reviews, being dubbed as "excellent" despite claims by her that the role was diametrically opposite from her real life. She made her debut in Hindi films with the small budget coming-to age story of for girl with "Aamras", though the film went unnoticed.
In 2009, she appeared in a Telugu language film, "Happy Happy Gaa" with Varun Sandesh and Saranya Mohan, which won good reviews by critics with a reviewer citing that Vega was the "surprise package" of the film. Vega's next release will be the multi-starrer "Vaanam" also featuring Silambarasan, Bharath and Anushka amongst other notable stars. Playing the role of a strong headed rock musician with a military background, Vega has insisted that the role is very close to her real life persona. Her other film in the post-production stage is "Chittagong", a period film based on the Chittagong armoury raid of 1930. The film features her in the historical character of Pritilata Waddedar, a freedom fighter and was premiered in film festivals before a commercial release on October 12,2012. Vega's new film Amit Sahni Ki List is opposite Vir Das.

</doc>
<doc id="19203624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203624" title="Jared Anderson">
Jared Anderson

Jared Anderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19203641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203641" title="Rosendale Library">
Rosendale Library

The Rosendale Library, formerly the All Saints' Chapel, is located on Main Street (NY 213) in Rosendale, New York, United States. It was originally built as a Gothic Revival Episcopal church from locally mined Rosendale cement, a material which covers the stonework exterior walls.
After floods from nearby Rondout Creek damaged the building in the mid-1950s, the church abandoned it. It also survived a fire in the mid-1970s. A newly formed local library district was created to restore it for use as a library. In 1986 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Building.
The chapel is a one-story two-by-five-bay building with a rectangular chancel. Its walls are uncoursed cement rock rubble laid in Rosendale cement, with some embellishments and flourishes at windows and doors. A fire in the mid-1970s required the replacement of much of the original interior decoration, although the original wood ceiling is intact. All but two of the stained-glass windows had to be replaced as well. The building was designed to hold 150 people.
On the exterior, the most prominent feature is the steeply pitched gable decorated with a scroll-sawn triangular insert with a central quatrefoil and three surrounding trefoils. The slate roof tiled in a decorative pattern of scallops and flowers. A small entrance vestibule and vestry are located on opposite ends of the east wall. On the west is a hexagonal spire paneled in a simple Gothic motif down at the base and louvered at the top, and a four-by-two-bay, architecturally sympathetic wing added in the 1970s, not considered contributing due to its lack of age.
History.
The opening of the Delaware and Hudson Canal in the late 1820s triggered rapid growth in Rosendale, as in other communities along its route. In 1874, St. Peter's Episcopal Church in nearby Stone Ridge established St. John's Mission to serve worshippers there, and within two years it had grown enough to warrant its own chapel. Two thousand dollars was raised, and the building was built in 1877. The name of the mission was changed to All Saints'.
In 1893 the mission became a parish in its own right, sponsoring missions of its own in the smaller nearby communities of Bloomingdale and Rifton for periods of the early 20th century. In 1956, flooding in the wake of Hurricane Flossy did enough damage to the church that it had to be abandoned, and the parish was dissolved.
Andrew Snyder, a local descendant of the family that had first made a fortune from the cement, bought the building in 1957. He told the local women's club he would donate it for use as a library if they organized it. The club's members formed the Rosendale Library Association, and after restorations and improvements the chapel reopened as the library in 1959.
A 1975 fire damaged the building somewhat, and the original interior finishings and all but two of the stained-glass windows had to be removed and replaced. As part of the repair work, a west wing that had been planned when the building was originally acquired was added.
In the 1980s, after the property was listed on the Register, the New York State Legislature passed legislation, signed by then-governor Mario Cuomo, permitting the creation of a special library district. Voters in Rosendale approved its creation in 1987 and it received its charter from the state Board of Regents two years later.
Work continues on the library building itself. In the 2000s the district obtained a $75,000 state grant to repair the slate roof, and it is currently raising the money required to match it.
Aesthetics.
The church's basic design, with its thick walls and lancet windows, is consistent with the English country churches that first used the Gothic Revival style. The arches and brick surrounds of the windows are also consistent with the vernacular styles of churches built by congregants of English descent in the Hudson Valley. Embedded shells in the exterior, and other touches, suggest the Venetian Gothic stylings written about and championed by John Ruskin.
The most unusual aspect of the building's architecture is the exterior finish. The rubblestone, normally left bare in such structures, was instead covered over with Rosendale cement, suggesting a desire to showcase a locally produced building material that had made many residents and congregants prosperous.

</doc>
<doc id="19203644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203644" title="Cedar Ridge, Nevada County, California">
Cedar Ridge, Nevada County, California

Cedar Ridge is an unincorporated community in Nevada County, California, United States, along State Route 174 east/southeast of Grass Valley, California. and approximately east/southeast of the Empire Mine in Gold Country. The first Post Office was established in 1948 and the zip code is 95924.
Geography.
Cedar Ridge is located at (39.199, -121.021). The elevation is above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="19203647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203647" title="Jan Lake, Saskatchewan">
Jan Lake, Saskatchewan

Jan Lake is a resort community on the Hanson Lake Road (Sask. Highway # 106), Saskatchewan, on the shore of a lake with the same name. The community has a Canadian Coast Guard wharf, provincial and private campgrounds, several stores, drinking establishments as well as many tourist lodges, which focus on fishing, camping, and private cabins. 

</doc>
<doc id="19203676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203676" title="Diary in Black">
Diary in Black

Diary in Black is the second full-length studio album by German power metal band, Rawhead Rexx. The album was released in 2004 by AFM Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19203680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203680" title="Cudlipptown">
Cudlipptown

Cudlipptown or Cudliptown is a small village located near the western edge of Dartmoor National Park, northeast of Tavistock, and approximately one mile northeast of Peter Tavy.
The village comprises a few houses, a post box embedded in the wall of a house's front garden wall and an inn named "the Peter Tavy Inn".

</doc>
<doc id="19203717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203717" title="Agustín Almodóvar">
Agustín Almodóvar

Agustín Almodóvar Caballero (born 1955) is a film producer and younger brother of filmmaker Pedro Almodóvar.
He was born in Calzada de Calatrava and obtained a degree in chemistry from the Complutense University of Madrid.
He began his career in film production as a messenger in Fernando Trueba's film "Sé infiel y no mires con quién".
In 1986, he and Pedro founded their own production company, El Deseo S.A. Through this company he has produced all of Pedro's films since 1986, and several French co-productions.
He is a member of the Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19203734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203734" title="Major League Baseball blackout policy">
Major League Baseball blackout policy

Major League Baseball has several blackout rules. Games are blacked out based on two criteria:
United States.
All of the Contiguous United States, except for some small, remote, isolated patches, are within at least one team's blackout territory. Some areas may lie within the territories of two or more. As the accompanying map shows, teams generally have exclusive territorial rights only over their home cities' immediate area, but even then there are exceptions. For example, all of Texas, including the Houston metropolitan area as well as the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex, as well as the entire state of Louisiana, is within both the Astros' and Rangers' blackout areas. Outside of the immediate area, several teams may exercise blackout rights within the same territory. The entire state of Iowa, for example, is within the blackout areas of the Cubs, White Sox, Brewers, Twins, Cardinals, and Royals. Southern Nevada likewise lies within six MLB teams' blackout territories (Athletics, Giants, Angels, Dodgers, Padres, Diamondbacks). Areas of far western Kansas and the Nebraska panhandle represent an anomaly; although being geographically closer to Denver than Kansas City, they are included in the blackout territory for the Royals and not the Rockies. This is likely a remnant of pre-1993 territorial exclusions, since the Royals were the only team between Kansas City and California, except for the Astros and Rangers, between 1969 and 1992. A similar anomaly is that the El Paso area in Texas is not within the blackout territory of the Arizona Diamondbacks, despite El Paso being considerably closer to Phoenix than to either Texas-based MLB team (the New Mexico side of the El Paso area, by contrast, "is" within the D-Backs' blackout zone). This is also likely a remnant of territorial exclusions predating the D-Backs' 1998 entry into MLB. MLB relies on zip codes to determine its blackout areas. For some areas in the west side of Metro Phoenix, the zip code begins with 853xx. Because of this, a fan that resides within 10 miles of Chase Field will be blacked out of all online San Diego Padres games.
Canada.
The Toronto Blue Jays' blackout territory includes all of Canada. However, they must share British Columbia and Alberta with the Seattle Mariners, Saskatchewan and Manitoba with the Minnesota Twins, and the Maritimes with the Boston Red Sox. In the past, the province of Quebec was not included in Toronto's territory, as it belonged to the Montreal Expos exclusively. Toronto and Montreal shared all territory outside of Ontario and Quebec. Toronto Blue Jays games are aired on Sportsnet in Canada. Also, Blue Jays games broadcast nationally over-the-air on the Canadian Broadcast Corporation have occasionally been subject to local blackout on CBET-TV, near Detroit.
Future: 2012 MLB/ESPN Deal.
A new contract between ESPN and Major League Baseball in 2012 virtually eliminates local blackouts among the network's Monday and Wednesday night games, allowing ESPN coverage to co-exist with that of the local broadcasters in home markets. The agreement will take effect at the start of the season.
Consumer devices.
Consumer devices that enable television subscribers to transmit their home television feed outside their host area to a remote location over the Internet, a practice called placeshifting, have drawn the ire of MLB. MLB's position is that subscribers who wish to watch MLB telecasts while traveling either settle for the local telecasts available or subscribe to MLB's own broadcasts for an additional fee. Consumer advocates insist the practice is legal, since the remoted content is already purchased and is merely placeshifted by the subscriber; they claim MLB is asking fans to pay twice for the same content. MLB counters that travelers utilizing placeshifting technology are undercutting the blackout rights MLB grants to local and national broadcasters, as well as MLB's own internet service.
In 2009, MLB launched MLB Network on basic cable similar to the NFL Network. As part of the new network, MLB has told owners to reduce their blackouts due to outrage amongst fans and letters pouring into MLB's offices. In particular, MLB is looking to address the availability of regional sports networks outside teams' immediate home markets. Ostensibly, if teams/channels are not available in certain locations, teams could lose their claims to such areas and coverage would be replaced by the MLB-controlled "Extra Innings" service.
Radio blackouts.
In MLB there are radio blackouts, although ESPN Radio has exclusive rights to the World Series and only the flagship stations of the two participating ballclubs can originate coverage, though their broadcasts are also available on XM Satellite Radio as well as the subscription Gameday Audio package on MLB.com. All other network affiliates of the two clubs must carry the ESPN Radio feed, and they may not even be able to do so if they compete with an ESPN Radio affiliate in the same market. Additionally, the two flagships must broadcast ESPN Radio national commercials during their game coverage (though they can run live commercial reads for local sponsors during broadcasts and sell ads during typically extended pre/post-game shows).
Additionally, radio stations (including flagships) may not include any MLB games in the live Internet streams of their station programming. (MLB makes its own streams of the team networks available for a fee.) Some stations will replace the game with a recorded message explaining why the game cannot be heard on their stream. Others will simply stream the station's regularly scheduled programming that is being preempted by the game.

</doc>
<doc id="19203738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203738" title="Colors Insulting to Nature">
Colors Insulting to Nature

Colors Insulting To Nature is the fictional follow-up novel to Wilson's previous collection of non-fiction essays in A Massive Swelling. Within the novel, Wilson takes the central theme of her essays, which is America's obsession with celebrity culture, and makes it the starting point for her narration, focusing on the Normal Family, in particular, the aspirations of 13 year old, Liza.
Plot.
Set in the early 1980s, Liza Normal goes on numerous theater and commercial auditions, at the behest of her mother Peppy, who costumes the child in a strapless evening gowns, heavy make-up, and false eyelashes. Humiliations repeat for Liza, as she and her family encounter endless degradation, after opening a dinner theater in Marin County, California. Throughout the first half of the novel, Liza is forced to perform in a dilapidated firehouse, which functions as the theater, as well as the family's home, attend school where she is constantly ridiculed and tormented, and at one point, raped. After this, Liza undergoes several phases, the first of which is a gravitation toward the punk rock aesthetic, specifically embracing and cultivating the look of Plasmatics performer, Wendy O. Williams. Liza eventually becomes involved with a drug pusher, and at one point becomes addicted herself during her stint at "Elf House," which Wilson describes as a commune of hippies who have a fetish with elves and speaking in "Quenya, the J.R.R. Tolkien version of High Elf language." It is during this time, that Liza, while working for Centaur Productions—a company that creates and distributes Slash fiction, that she concocts an "alter ego, Venal de Minus, into a phone sex phenomenon and Las Vegas stage act," achieving a new definition of success that is a spin-off of the earlier theater ambitions initially sought by her mother.
See also.
Montgomery McFate

</doc>
<doc id="19203742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203742" title="Smeaton, Saskatchewan">
Smeaton, Saskatchewan

Smeaton, Saskatchewan is the village at the start of the Hanson Lake Road, which ends at Creighton (neighbouring community: Flin Flon, Manitoba).
Narrow Hills Provincial Park is 70 km north.

</doc>
<doc id="19203760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203760" title="Temple Emanu-El (Staten Island, New York)">
Temple Emanu-El (Staten Island, New York)

Temple Emanu-El is a Conservative synagogue in Port Richmond, Staten Island, New York. Designed by Pelcher and Zobel and constructed in 1907, its building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
The domed, wooden, clapboard-sided synagogue is built in Classical style. A Pedimented front porch is supported by a pair of columns, a design that repeats inside in the design of the Torah Ark. The modest building is topped by a dome that supports a Star of David. The dome is supported by an octagonal drum. The dome was originally painted gold and is said to have been visible from miles away. 

</doc>
<doc id="19203761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203761" title="Jaccoud case">
Jaccoud case

The Jaccoud Case, in French Affaire Jaccoud, also known as the Affaire Poupette, was a Swiss judicial scandal of the 1960s.
Murder of Charles Zumbach.
On 1 May 1958, Charles Zumbach, a seventy-year-old dealer in agricultural machinery, was brutally murdered at his home in Plan-les-Ouates. When his wife came home, she heard four shots and cries for help. Shortly afterwards an unknown man shoved her towards the garden and started shooting at her. Later, she could not recall the appearance of the offender. The perpetrator - perhaps there were several - then returned to the injured Charles Zumbach, and stabbed him to death with a knife before escaping on a bicycle. 
Zumbach ran an agricultural machinery business in Plan-les-Ouates, which, it was later revealed, also served as the headquarters of an international gang of criminals and arms dealers led by a former member of the French Foreign Legion who called himself “Reymond”.
The accused, Pierre Jaccoud.
When the police interrogated Zumbach's son André, he said he had received two calls at his workplace (a radio station in Geneva) the night of the killing, but both times the caller hung up without speaking. André Zumbach suspected that the caller wanted to make sure that he was not at his parents' house. Asked by the police whom he suspected of being the caller, Zumbach named Pierre Jaccoud, a prominent Geneva lawyer and politician who had had an eight-year relationship with Linda Baud (whom Jaccoud called "Poupette" - "dolly"). Baud worked as executive secretary at the radio station, had had an affair with André Zumbach, and wanted to leave Jaccoud. Jaccoud had written her many desperate letters to convince her to stay with him. Eight months before the murder, Jaccoud sent nude photos of her to her new lover, André Zumbach. The police suspected Jaccoud of the murder.
Contested expert testimony.
The police searched Jaccoud's apartment in his absence; he was in Stockholm on a business trip in connection with his position as Vice President of the Geneva Chamber of Commerce. They found blood on a coat and a Moroccan knife, but, as later studies revealed, Jaccoud and the victim shared the same blood group, Type O. Erik Undritz, a renowned Basel haematologist, and Pierre Hegg, head of the Geneva Forensic Laboratory, testified that there were also liver cells on the knife. However, this testimony was later contested; the cells could have been of animal origin, and the knife had been stored for some time after the murder. Jaccoud owned two pistols, but neither was the murder weapon. In addition, on the road near Zumbach's house a button was found that matched the buttons of one of Jaccoud's coats. The coat itself was found in a box of used clothing, and was missing exactly one button. On his return in June 1958, Jaccoud was arrested. In prison he suffered a nervous breakdown and spent most of his time in the infirmary.
The trial.
From 18 January 1960 onwards, the trial took place before a jury in Geneva. The case attracted attention far beyond the Swiss borders. For the prosecution, Attorney General Charles Cornu reminded a reporter for "Die Zeit" of a "god of revenge" and "a classical mask of tragedy". Defending Jaccoud was the famous Paris barrister René Floriot. Jaccoud was in a hospital chair. There were many mix-ups; for example, Zumbach's wife did not pick Jaccoud out of a line-up but instead identified a policeman. Linda Baud stated that at the time of the act, she was no longer in a relationship with André Zumbach, but instead with another man. Nevertheless, Jaccoud was found guilty of 'simple manslaughter' and sentenced to seven years in prison minus time served. The jury deliberated for three hours.
Controversy over the verdict.
The verdict in the Jaccoud case is one of the most controversial in Swiss jurisprudence.
At the time, for the Paris press, the case typified Swiss compromise. They regarded Jaccoud as a victim of Genevan Calvinist morality. Floriot said in Paris, "If my client was guilty, he should have received a much heavier sentence; if not, he should have been liberated". He called the case "a second Dreyfus Affair" and blamed the verdict on excessive respect for authority, in this case the prosecution. At the time of the trial, Swiss students infuriated by the insult publicly burned Paris newspapers. 
According to Hans Martin Sutermeister, a Bern doctor bent on exposing courtroom injustices, the verdict was nothing more than a miscarriage of justice, whose main cause was inadequate forensic expertise. Sutermeister described Hegg as "an autodidact without a basic education, who had already been wrong more often". Sutermeister, convinced of Jaccoud's innocence, believed that he had known that Baud was no longer dating André Zumbach and that Zumbach had been murdered because he supplied Algerian rebels with $12,000 worth of dud explosives. He pointed out that "Reymond" and his arms dealer friends, unbeknownst to Zumbach, also kept knives and bayonets in the garage, one of which could have been the murder weapon. Sutermeister spent considerable time attempting to show that Jaccoud's conviction was a result of forensic "dilettantism". Hegg had been censured for confusing human and pig's blood in a previous investigation, and had been defended on that occasion by Jaccoud - who had difficulty getting him to pay his fee. At one point Hegg sued Sutermeister for defamation. But he was not alone in disputing the verdict. Horace Mastronardi called it "the greatest judicial error of the post-war years". He and other lawyers tried to have it reversed for "more than twenty years".
Nonetheless, in 1980, the court rejected a final appeal of the case. Pierre Jaccoud died in 1994.
Film.
On 16 June 1974, the case was dramatised in the East German TV series "Fernsehpitaval" under the direction of Wolfgang Luderer with the title "Die Aktfotos" ("The Nude Photographs"). 

</doc>
<doc id="19203765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203765" title="Continental Freemasonry in North America">
Continental Freemasonry in North America

Continental Freemasonry in North America is relatively rare, but there are a few continental style organizations active.
These organizations, often belonging to groups such as CLIPSAS, are not recognized by the Grand Lodges that form Anglo-American Freemasonry. nor by their Prince Hall Masonry counterparts.
History - differing Masonic traditions.
Most American Freemasons belong to Grand Lodges that follow the Anglo-American Masonic tradition, which insists on new candidates having a belief in Deity, meaning that atheists in particular are not allowed to join. In 1877 the Grand Orient de France (GOdF) dropped this requirement and the United Grand Lodge of England. (UGLE) withdrew its recognition. Many masons believe that this caused the American Grand lodges to follow UGLE and withdraw recognition. However, the historical facts are more complicated. Several American Grand Lodges had withdrawn their recognition of GOdF as early as the 1860s, as the result of a jurisdictional dispute that had nothing to do with the change in the GOdF's stance on religion or the bible in lodge. Furthermore, during the First World War a half-century later, several American Grand Lodges briefly reinstated their recognition of the GOdF; this was "long after the GOF had changed its policy on religion, and the American grand lodges made detailed studies and were fully aware of the policies of the French bodies they were recognizing." The use of God as a tool for Masonic politics has a long history. Currently, none of the mainstream US Grand Lodges recognize GOdF.
Background on the belief in Deity.
There is some debate as to exactly when Freemasonry in the Anglo-American tradition started requiring its members to have a belief in Deity. There are hints that this was the case from the earliest days of Freemasonry: The Regius Manuscript, the oldest known Masonic document dating from around 1390, states that a Mason "must love well God and holy church always." James Anderson's 1723 Constitutions state that "A Mason is oblig'd by his Tenure, to obey the moral Law, and if he rightly understands the Art, he will never be a stupid Atheist, nor an irreligious Libertine." Anglo-American Masons interpret this passage to mean that Atheists are barred from joining the fraternity, while Continental Freemasons disagree.
However one interprets Anderson's Constitution, it is important to remember that they only applied to the Grand Lodge of England. GOdF did not include this requirement in its original constitutions. While GOdF did add language that required belief in Deity in 1849, in 1877 GOdF changed it back to the original usage, without this requirement.
Whatever the historical rights and wrongs of the matter may be, the reasons why the disharmony between these two Masonic factions continues in the present day is primarily centered on whether a belief in Deity is required (although there is also disagreement as to whether women's Masonic groups can be recognized).
Today, the Grand Orient of France believe in "Laïcité", which "imposes that all men are given, without distinction of class, origine or denomination, the means to be themselves, to have the freedom of choice, to be responsible for their own maturity and masters of their destiny."
The other French bodies.
Complicating the issue of recognition is the fact that in addition to the Grand Orient, there are at least twelve other Grand bodies in France, the two largest being: the Grand Lodge of France (GLF), and the Grand Lodge National of France (GLNF). The Grand Lodge National of France follows the Anglo-American tradition and is recognized by the mainstream American Lodges. The Grand Lodge of France falls between the Anglo-American and Continental traditions, not allowing atheists to join its own ranks, but maintaining relations with bodies that do allow atheists. For this and other reasons, it is also not currently recognized by any of the mainstream American Grand Lodges but were during the twentieth century recognised, or visitations were approved, by up to twenty-three of the US mainstream Grand Lodges.
The willingness of the Grand Lodge of France to recognize both sides in the larger Masonic Schism means that it is often the first to recognize small splinter groups that form out of both traditions. GLF can be seen as being the leader of a third faction in the larger Masonic schism, but is often grouped within the Continental Tradition by those in the Anglo-American tradition. As of 2010, there are no Masonic bodies that fall into this third grouping in North America, but there have been some in the past.
Organisations.
The Women's Grand Lodge Of Belgium (GLFB or WGLB), the Grand Orient of France and the Feminine Grand Lodge of France have lodges in North-America.
Grande Loge Nationale du Canada (which is a member of CLIPSAS) has 15 lodges, mostly in Quebec and Montreal 
In Mexico there is the Spanish speaking Grand Orient of Mexico (also a member of ClIPSAS).
There are several English speaking groups that belong to the Continental tradition.
George Washington Union.
The George Washington Union began as a single lodge, named "George Washington No.1", on December 10, 1976 to work under the concept of absolute freedom of conscience. The newly established Lodge received its Charter from the Grand Orient de France in accord with a covenant signed in August 1977 and ratified by the General Assembly of the Grand Orient de France on September 1978. In 1979, this lodge joined the Centre de Liaison et d'Information des Puissances maçonniques Signataires de l'Appel de Strasbourg (CLIPSAS). It was refounded in 1996.
By 2001 several other Continental style lodges had been formed in North America. It was deemed appropriate in 2002 that the Grand Orient de France officially recognize and collaborate with the George Washington Union as a separate Grand Orient operating in North America with the ability to charter lodges.
Le Droit Humain.
The International Order of Co-Freemasonry, Le Droit Humain, is a fraternal brotherhood that has many Federations and Jurisdictions worldwide. The Order has its headquarters in Paris. Every country works the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite, from the 1st to the 33rd degree.
The first Le Droit Humain Lodge in America was founded in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="19203766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203766" title="Mborokua">
Mborokua

Mborokua (also known as Mary Island) is an uninhabited, jungle-covered volcanic island 30 km west of the Russell Islands. It is occasionally visited by local fishermen, as well as by dive tours.

</doc>
<doc id="19203820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203820" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Art Director">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Art Director

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Art Director is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.

</doc>
<doc id="19203824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203824" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Cinematographer">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Cinematographer

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Cinematographer is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.

</doc>
<doc id="19203827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203827" title="Publication of Archival, Library &amp; Museum Materials">
Publication of Archival, Library &amp; Museum Materials

Publication of Archival, Library & Museum Materials (PALMM) is a cooperative initiative of the public universities of Florida in the USA to provide a central repository for smaller digital collections. In addition to contributing to PALMM, universities in Florida also host and maintain separate individual digital collections as well as many large collaborative projects. In September 2011, Florida's Council of State University Libraries selected SobekCM to power a common digital library system across the state, replacing the software currently powering the PALMM collections.
Other large, collaborate digital libraries supported by public universities in Florida include:

</doc>
<doc id="19203839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203839" title="Karl Schröder II">
Karl Schröder II

Karl Schröder II (18 December 1848, Quedlinburg – 22 September 1935, Bremen) was a German cellist, composer and conductor, and son of violinist Karl Schröder.
He studied as a child with his father and with Karl Drechsler in Dessau. He had three brothers, Hermann Schroeder (1843-1909), who became a composer and violin professor in Berlin, Franz Schröder (before 1855-?) would work as a conductor in St. Petersburg, Russia, and the youngest brother, Alwin Schroeder (1855-1928) was a German-American cellist best known as leading cellist in the Boston Symphony. In his early youth Karl studied with Friedrich Kiel and was appointed to the Sondershausen Hofkapelle at the age of 14. He toured Europe with his family's acclaimed string quartet traveling throughout Germany, Italy, France, Belgium, and even as far as St. Petersburg. In 1872 he was appointed Kapellmeister of the Kroll Oper in Berlin; late that year, the string quartet was disbanded on his appointment to the Brunswick Hofkapelle commencing in 1873. A year later he became solo cellist of the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra and professor at the conservatory. He returned to Sondershausen in 1881, replacing Max Erdmannsdörffer as Hofkapellmeister and founding a music school; this he sold to A. Schultze in 1886 when he was appointed conductor of the Duitse Opera in Rotterdam. He held similar posts in Berlin (1887) and in Hamburg (1888), where he succeeded Joseph Sucher at the Neues Stadt Theater. His former music school having become a state conservatory, he returned to Sondershausen in 1890 as its director, remaining until 1909. In 1911 he took up his last post, as professor at the Stern Conservatory in Berlin, where he remained for more than a decade before retiring to Bremen. Schröder's compositions include symphonic works, chamber music pieces, string quartets, songs for solo instruments, two operas and an operetta. In addition to his compositions and educational works he produced careful editions of Classical cello pieces.

</doc>
<doc id="19203840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203840" title="Slobodan Subotić">
Slobodan Subotić

Slobodan "Piksi" Subotić (; ; born August 15, 1956 in Herceg Novi, SR Montenegro, SFR Yugoslavia (now Montenegro)) is a retired professional basketball player. A 2.01 m talented swingman, his incredible shooting ability helped Aris Thessaloniki qualify for three Euroleague final fours between 1988 and 1990. Subotić followed a successful career as a coach. He also has Greek citizenship, which he obtained to circumvent EU administrative restrictions while playing and coaching there. To be able to get the citizenship he had to administratively change his name in the eyes of Greek law and is thus known there as Lefteris Subotić ().
After his playing career, Subotic went into coaching. So far he's been the head coach of Iraklis Thessaloniki AEK Athens, Panathnaikos, Aris Thessaloniki, Olympiacos and KK Split and currently the head coach of Al Riyadi in the Lebanese Basketball League.
Coaching career.
Honors.
Player:
Coach:

</doc>
<doc id="19203841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203841" title="Wellens' syndrome">
Wellens' syndrome

Wellens' syndrome (or sign, or occasionally warning) is an electrocardiographic manifestation of critical proximal left anterior descending (LAD) coronary artery stenosis in patients with unstable angina. It is characterized by symmetrical, often deep (>2 mm), T wave inversions in the anterior precordial leads. A less common variant is biphasic T wave inversions in the same leads.
First described by Hein J. J. Wellens and colleagues in 1982 in a subgroup of patients with unstable angina, it does not seem to be rare, appearing in 18% of patients in his original study. A subsequent prospective study identified this syndrome in 14% of patients at presentation and 60% of patients within the first 24 hours.
The presence of Wellens' syndrome carries significant diagnostic and prognostic value. All patients in the De Zwann's study with characteristic findings had more than 50% stenosis of the left anterior descending artery (mean = 85% stenosis) with complete or near-complete occlusion in 59%. In the original Wellens' study group, 75% of those with the typical syndrome manifestations had an anterior myocardial infarction. Sensitivity and specificity for significant (more or equal to 70%) stenosis of the LAD artery was found to be 69% and 89%, respectively, with a positive predictive value of 86%.
Wellens' sign has also been seen as a rare presentation of Takotsubo cardiomyopathy or stress cardiomyopathy.

</doc>
<doc id="19203844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203844" title="Religion Newswriters Association">
Religion Newswriters Association

The Religion Newswriters Association (RNA) is a non-profit professional association in the United States which seeks to promote better reporting on religion in the news media and to provide help and support to journalists who cover religion. It was founded in 1949 and in 2007 had 570 members and subscribers. Membership in the RNA is open to journalists who regularly report on religion in the secular print and broadcast media. Since 2006, the RNA has been associated with the Missouri School of Journalism at the University of Missouri. 
The RNA awards scholarships for full-time journalists who wish to take college courses on religion, gives awards and scholarships to college journalists, sponsors seminars and conferences and publishes a "primer" for religion reporters and an online style guide, as well as other resources for journalists. The RNA is funded by dues paid by its members and contributions from the public.
In 1999, RNA executive director Debra Mason said in an interview that the topic of religion is very complex and requires extensive research, something which newspaper editors don't always appreciate. In 2005, Steve Buttry writing at Poynter Online said, "The Religion Newswriters Association does a tremendous job helping reporters learn the beat." The RNA was cited by Kenneth G. C. Newport and Crawford Gribben in their 2006 book "Expecting the End: Millennialism in Social and Historical Context" for helping reporters get in touch with credentialed scholars on religion, leading to better public understanding of religious issues. 
Since the 1970s the RNA has published an annual list of the top ten religion-related news stories of the previous year. In 1999, the RNA was criticized by the Islamic organization the Wisdom Fund for listing a story on a special "Top 10 Stories of The Millennium" list which gave inaccurate information on the history of Islam in India. In the same year, the RNA also published a list of the top ten religious news stories of the Twentieth century, with the Holocaust being the most important event. 
In 2001, the RNA was criticized by conservative commentator David Kupelain for its criticism of the expression "Islamic terrorist" and other expressions, of which the RNA said: "similar phrases that associate an entire religion with the action of a few." In 2006, representatives from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and the Church of Scientology spoke to the annual RNA conference and discussed issues concerning their respective faiths.
In 2011, the Religion News Service became an affiliated non-profit of the RNA.

</doc>
<doc id="19203878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203878" title="USS Lancaster (AK-193)">
USS Lancaster (AK-193)

USS "Lancaster" (AK-193) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed by the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. She was declared excess-to-needs and returned to the U.S. Maritime Commission shortly after commissioning.
Service career.
The fourth ship to be so named by the Navy, "Lancaster" (AK-193), ex-MC Hull 2124, was laid down 1 July 1944 by Walter Butler Shipbuilding Inc., Superior, Wisconsin; launched the same year; acquired by the Navy 21 September 1945; and commissioned the same day.
The end of World War II reduced the need for cargo ships, and "Lancaster" decommissioned 23 November 1945. She was struck at an unknown date. "Lancaster" was returned to the War Shipping Administration. There is no record of her subsequent career.

</doc>
<doc id="19203884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203884" title="The Crayon Fields">
The Crayon Fields

Crayon Fields are a four-piece Melbourne based band signed to the labels Chapter Music and Rallye. They have been described as having an artful naïve-pop aesthetic and as lo-fi.
The line up consists of singer-songwriter Geoff O'Connor on vocals and guitar, Brett Hudson on bass guitar, Chris Hung on second guitar, Synthesizer and percussion and Neil Erenstrom on drums. O'Connor also has a solo side-project, recording as Sly Hats, signed to Nervous Jerk Records, with one album to date: "Liquorice Night". O'Connor has since dropped the 'Sly Hats' moniker and begun recording and performing his solo material as 'Geoffrey O'Connor'.
Their debut full length album "Animal Bells" was released on 16 October 2006 and 5 November 2006 on vinyl. It was given a rating of 7.8 by Pitchfork Media and compared to the likes of the Beach Boys, The Zombies and The Association.
In late 2008 Crayon Fields completed the recording of their 2nd album and released the 7" single 'Mirror Ball'. The band then released a UK 7" single 'Voice Of Paradise' on the Passport label and toured Europe and the UK in April and May 2009 before releasing a 3rd 7" single 'All The Pleasures Of The World' in August 2009. Their second album, 'All The Pleasures of the World' was released in September 2009 on Chapter Music (Australia) and Rallye Records (Japan). The album was given a 7.8 by Pitchfork Media, has been featured on many prominent blogs throughout the US and UK such as Big Stereo and Music (For Robots) and has received airplay on US radio stations such as KCRW, KEXP and Woxy. In Australia the album has received heavy airplay on community radio stations, with both 'Mirror Ball' and 'All The Pleasures Of The World' being added to rotation on national youth radio station JJJ. 
In March 2010 Crayon Fields toured the US for the first time, performing a number of shows in New York, LA and Austin as part of the SXSW festival, which included a live to air set for KEXP radio. In Australia Crayon Fields have performed at the Big Day Out, Golden Plains, Parklife and Laneway festivals and toured with Peter Bjorn and John (SWE), Cornelius (JAP) New Pornographers (CAN), The Dirty Three, Stereolab (UK), The Mountain Goats (US), Spoon (US), The Go! Team (UK) and Built To Spill (US). They toured the U.S for a second time in October 2010, and included a number of CMJ festival shows.

</doc>
<doc id="19203916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203916" title="Celebrity Sports Showdown">
Celebrity Sports Showdown

Celebrity Sports Showdown is a sports video game for the Wii developed by EA Canada, and the first title in the EA Sports Freestyle brand. The game features ten sporting and musical celebrities competing against each other in a number of sporting events. Through playing the twelve mini-games, a number of non-celebrity characters can be unlocked as well.
Gameplay.
Similar to other sports games collections on the Wii such as "Wii Sports", "Big Beach Sports" and "Deca Sports", "Celebrity Sports Showdown" uses the motion detection of the Wii Remote for control. For example, in the canoeing event players must hold the Wii Remote sideways while performing a rowing motion as with a real set of paddles, while the inner tube and skiing events use quick gestures to perform tricks or jumps as the player tilts the controller to steer.
Players can compete either on their own or in a team of up to four members.

</doc>
<doc id="19203944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203944" title="Cocoa Sharp">
Cocoa Sharp

Cocoa# (CocoaSharp) is a bridge framework on Mac OS X to allow applications developed with the Mono runtime to access the Cocoa API. It provides direct access to the Cocoa API using a dot notation familiar to languages working on the Mono runtime such as C#.
Cocoa# is currently being included in the Mono distribution for Mac OS X.
It has not seen any development since 2008 and is considered deprecated.
Releases.
Some significant releases were the initial release of 0.1 on August 12, 2004, and release 1.0.6 released on February 18, 2005 where the Cocoa# libraries were functional enough to include in the Mono distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="19203945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203945" title="Keiichi Kawanaka">
Keiichi Kawanaka


</doc>
<doc id="19203949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203949" title="Pelican Narrows, Saskatchewan">
Pelican Narrows, Saskatchewan

Pelican Narrows is a northern village in Saskatchewan located 120 km NW of Creighton via the Hanson Lake Road and Highway 135. Its name in Cree is "Opawikoscikcan" which means "The Narrows of Fear". The village is northwest of the narrows that join Mirond and Pelican Lakes which lie between the Sturgeon-Weir and Churchill River systems. Pelican Narrows is the administrative centre for the Peter Ballantyne Cree Nation and the majority of the townsite is reserve land. About 3,500 people live in the Pelican Narrows area.
History.
The Cree settlement dates from at least 1730. It was an area of trade for the Hudson's Bay and North West companies. In 1874, the Hudson’s Bay Company established a permanent post at Pelican Narrows. This became a Northern Store in 1987 which remains open to this day. Roman Catholic missionaries were traversing the area from the mid-19th century and established a permanent mission in 1878. Anglican missionaries arrived in the late 1890s and built a church in 1911. Schoolchildren were sent away for a number of years. In 1967, an all-weather road was built into the community and other services followed.
Notable buildings.
Napoleon Merasty Memorial Arena - It features an ice rink and a fitness center but is largely defunct due to constant vandalism.
Angelique Canada Health Center
Opawikoscikan High School
The Northern Store
Wapanacak Elementary School
Pelican Narrows Airport is located Northeast of Pelican Narrows. Because of unstable ground, it is no longer used.
Anglican and Catholic Churches
The Band Store - It was located by the Anglican church until it was burnt down in a fire in 2007.
Events.
The Annual Walleye Fishing Derby takes place every year in July.
See also.
List of population centres in Saskatchewan

</doc>
<doc id="19203961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203961" title="Petticoat Pirates">
Petticoat Pirates

Petticoat Pirates is a 1961 British comedy film directed by David MacDonald and starring Charlie Drake, Anne Heywood, Cecil Parker, John Turner and Thorley Walters.

</doc>
<doc id="19203965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203965" title="Love-de-Lic">
Love-de-Lic

The name "Love-de-Lic" derives from Nishi's love for the Yellow Magic Orchestra, specifically the album "Technodelic".

</doc>
<doc id="19203981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203981" title="Chung Thye Yong">
Chung Thye Yong

Chung Thye Yong (, b. 1868; d. 20 Oct 1915), also known as Chung Ah Yong (郑亚养), was a Malaysian philanthropist, tin miner, rubber planter, rugby player and racehorse owner of the 19th century.
Family And Pedigree.
Born in Penang, Chung Thye Yong was the adopted son of Chung Keng Quee and the eldest in the family.
He was the brother of Chung Thye Phin and Chung Thye Siong and the father of Chung Kok Ming.
Education.
He was educated at Doveton College in Calcutta, India.
Career.
He joined the Government civil service in Perak for a time right after school and then took over the management of his father's Taiping property and became owner of the Yong Phin Mine at Kota near Taiping after his father died in 1901.
His Hearwood Estate near Sungei Siput, managed by E. Hardouin and with W. D. Wyesuriya as under manager, employed a workforce of 200 Javanese and Tamil workers to cultivate among other crops, rubber, lemongrass and coconuts. The estate was rich with tin and mines there were worked by Chinese who paid taxes for that benefit. He floated his estate into a Limited Liability Company in Singapore in 1906.
Sports.
In his day he was described as one of the most enthusiastic sportsmen in the Federated States. 
He was the first person of Chinese descent in the country to play rugby.
He was the first racehorse owner in Taiping, then the capital of Perak. His racing stables cost him over 12,000 Straits Dollars a year and he placed his prize-winning horses under the charge of a European trainer.
He was believed to have been the first person of Chinese ancestry in the country to play golf.
He was a generous benefactor to the people of Taiping and in 1909 arranged to have a tennis court attached to the Taiping Recreational Club which immediately became greatly in demand.
He (minus 100) was an avid billiard player and defeated Lauder Watson (minus 15) in the final of the Perak Club Billiard handicap in 1908.
Social Service.
He was a member of the Taiping Sanitary Board and a Visiting Justice to the Federated Malay States.
Societies.
He was a member of the Royal Society of Arts, London.

</doc>
<doc id="19203985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203985" title="Heiß (album)">
Heiß (album)

Heiß was released by Nina Hagen in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19203988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203988" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Lyricist">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Lyricist

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Lyricist is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.
The list.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19203991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203991" title="Tsutomu Nakano">
Tsutomu Nakano


</doc>
<doc id="19204001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204001" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Male Dubbing Artist">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Male Dubbing Artist

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Male Dubbing Artist is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.
The list.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19204005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204005" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Female Dubbing Artist">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Female Dubbing Artist

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Female Dubbing Artist is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.
The list.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19204006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204006" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Editor">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Editor

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Editor is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.

</doc>
<doc id="19204011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204011" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Story Writer">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Story Writer

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Storywriter is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.

</doc>
<doc id="19204020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204020" title="OPEC Fund for International Development">
OPEC Fund for International Development

The OPEC Fund for International Development (OFID) is a multilateral development finance institution established in 1976 by the Member States of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC). OFID was conceived at the Conference of the Sovereigns and Heads of State of OPEC Member Countries, which was held in Algiers, Algeria, in March 1975. A Solemn Declaration of the Conference “reaffirmed the natural solidarity which unites OPEC countries with other developing countries in their struggle to overcome underdevelopment,” and called for measures to strengthen cooperation between these countries. 
OFID’s objective is to reinforce financial cooperation between OPEC Member Countries and other developing countries, by providing financial support to the latter for their socioeconomic development. The institution's central mission is to foster South-South Partnership with fellow developing countries worldwide with the aim of eradicating poverty. OFID's headquarters are located in Vienna, Austria. The current Director-General is Suleiman Jasir Al-Herbish of Saudi Arabia. 
OFID headquarters.
The OFID Headquarters Building (located in Vienna's first district, on the Ringstraße) was the residential palace of the Austrian Archduke Wilhelm Franz Karl. Built between 1864 and 1868 to the architectural design of Theophil von Hansen (1813-1891), the palace was sold to the German Order of Knights (Teutonic Order) in 1870 and used as headquarters of the Grand Master, the last of whom was Archduke Eugen. From 1894, it served as the palace of both the Grand and German Masters, acquiring the name, "Palais Deutschmeister". In 1938 following the dissolution of the German Order of Knights, the building was seized by National Socialist (Nazi) Germany and, in 1942, it was handed over to the police authorities. Between 1945 and 1975, it served as headquarters of the Vienna police. After an interregnum, the building became the property of OFID.
History.
Following the First OPEC Summit in Algiers, Algeria, in 1975, Member Countries expressed their commitment to assist the developing countries through a collective financial facility. As a result, in 1976, the Finance Ministers of Member Countries met and established the OPEC Special Fund, through which Member Countries would channel aid to developing countries. The OPEC Special Fund started its operations in 1976, with initial resources of about $800 million. By the end of 1977 it had extended 71 loans to 58 developing countries, and had channeled donations from its Member Countries to other development institutions, including the International Monetary Fund (IMF) Trust Fund and the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD). 
As a result of its successful performance, Member Countries decided in 1980 to convert the temporary facility into a permanent legal entity called the OPEC Fund for International Development (OFID). OFID became a fully fledged, permanent international development agency in May 1980. The latest replenishment of US$1 billion was approved in June 2011 by the institution's supreme authority, the Ministerial Council, as a direct response to the increasing needs of developing countries and the negative impact of the financial crisis on their economies.
Means.
OFID provides financial assistance in a number of ways, with the distribution between the different types of aid changing over time as conditions in recipient countries evolve and needs alter. The methods of funding have included:
Resources.
OFID's resources consist of voluntary contributions made by its Member Countries and the accumulated reserves derived from the institution's various operations. 
Beneficiaries.
All developing countries, with the exception of OPEC Member Countries themselves, are in principle eligible for OFID assistance. The least developed countries, however, are accorded higher priority and have consequently attracted the lion's share of OFID's resources. Over the years, OFID has spread its presence to 134 countries, of which 53 are in Africa, 43 in Asia, 31 in Latin America and the Caribbean, and 7 in Europe. OFID's total approved commitments as at the end of December 2013, stood at US$16,653m. 
Operations.
Public sector operations.
Public Sector Lending represents the main pillar of OFID’s activities, accounting for 68% of total, cumulative commitments. Through this window, and as of December 31, 2013, an aggregate US$11,118m had been approved in 1,411 concessional public sector loans to 105 developing countries. In keeping with OFID’s mandate, the bulk of these resources has gone to the low-income nations, which continue to receive priority attention, even as the institution has broadened its scope to include more middle-income partners. 
All public sector projects are co-financed with the recipient government and frequently with other donors, including the regional development banks and, in particular, the bilateral and multilateral development agencies of OPEC Member States. In line with the principles of aid effectiveness, OFID harmonizes its activities with sister and other organizations in order to streamline joint efforts and avoid duplication or overlap. In the interests of sustainability, capacity building and institution strengthening are integral components of all OFID public sector operations. The projects themselves are demand-driven, reflecting the strategic priorities of the partner countries. On a cumulative basis, operations directed at the transportation, energy and agriculture sectors account for over 65% of all public sector lending. 
Also included under the umbrella of the public sector is OFID’s contribution to the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative. OFID has supported the Initiative since its inception in 1996 and to date has committed some US$270m in debt relief to 34 HIPC countries. 
Private sector operations.
The Private Sector Facility (PSF) was created in 1998 in response to the changing economic policies in OFID’s partner countries. Support for the private sector, through the provision of loans and equity investments, is seen as a natural adaptation, enabling OFID to continue to serve as wide a range of countries as possible while remaining responsive to their development needs.
The goals of the PSF are to encourage the growth of productive private enterprise and to boost the development of local capital markets. Successful interventions stimulate economic growth – creating jobs and generating income – and thereby leading to poverty alleviation.
Partnering with other development finance institution's (DFIs) and commercial banks, the Facility supports commercially viable, privately owned enterprises. State owned institutions may also be eligible, if they are commercially managed as autonomous enterprises and provided they act as a channel of support for local private enterprises. In addition, public-private partnership projects are supported when operated on private enterprise principles. Projects selected are required to have a high developmental value, thus complementing OFID’s mandate.
A priority of the Facility is support for micro, small and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs), whose activities drive economic growth and play a key role in employment generation and poverty alleviation. The PSF provides support to MSME’s mainly through intermediation to financial institutions, including national and regional development banks, commercial banks, leasing companies, specialist micro-finance institutions and investment funds.
By the end of December 2013, US$2,041m had been committed for 197 operations in support of private entities in Africa, Asia, Latin America and Europe. 
Trade Finance Facility.
Established in 2006, OFID’s Trade Finance Facility (TFF) targets developmentally and socially sound transactions to facilitate import and export activities and to address working capital requirements in developing countries. The general principles guiding the Facility include developmental impact and South-South cooperation. TFF operations are available to governments, private entities, commercial banks, regional development finance institutions and any other institution active in an OFID beneficiary country. OFID products include import-, export- and pre-export financing, warehouse receipt financing, SME trade support, working capital financing and unfunded risk participations. 
By the end of December 2013, US$1,949m in lines of credit and US$2,000m in risk-sharing guarantee programs had been approved. 
Grants.
OFID’s grant program delivers much needed resources for a wide range of activities that for various reasons cannot be financed through lending. Although grant assistance accounts for less than 4% of total cumulative commitments, OFID considers such projects to be especially deserving, as they address basic needs and make a real difference in people’s everyday lives. In the framework of grants, assistance is extended to humanitarian aid and social development operations through six grant programs: Technical Assistance, Research & Similar Activities, Emergency Relief Aid, HIV/AIDS, Energy Poverty and Palestine. The incipient energy poverty program is a particular priority and complements the financing provided through other mechanisms in support of OFID’s Energy for the Poor Initiative.
By the end of December 2013, over 1,500 grants, amounting to over US$573m had been extended. 
Technical assistance.
Since OFID's inception, technical assistance (TA) operations have constituted its core grant activity. TA grants are extended to national and regional development projects that aim at sustainable development and poverty reduction, and that serve the poorest segments of society, particularly those in the Least Developed Countries (LDCs). Women and children, especially, are accorded high priority. TA grants are awarded largely on the basis of the type of project and its expected outcomes, the number of beneficiaries and the recipient country’s socioeconomic situation. 
OFID is working with UN agencies and a host of international and national NGOs, among many other partners, to meet the needs of vulnerable populations. 
Research and Similar Intellectual Activities.
This type of assistance focuses on activities that increase South-South and North-South cooperation and enhance capacity-building, including human resource development, particularly in the LDCs. A heavy emphasis is placed on research topics and studies of particular relevance to poorer countries and on the advancement of science and technology. Human capital is enhanced through the sponsorship of seminars, training courses and workshops. 
Emergency Aid Operations.
Emergency assistance from OFID is extended to help mitigate the suffering of victims of all kinds of catastrophes around the world, including OFID Member States. In the interests of sustainable development, OFID often follows up emergency assistance with conventional, low-interest loans to aid longer-term reconstruction in devastated regions. Emergency aid is channeled through specialized relief agencies, such as the IFRC, UNHCR, OCHA, and the WFP. 
HIV/AIDS Grant Program.
OFID's HIV/AIDS Program was launched in June 2001, with an initial endowment of US$15 million, following authorization from the Ministerial Council. Subsequent replenishments have boosted the Account to US$80m. Today, OFID is working with a broad coalition of strategic partners to fight the pandemic in over 90 countries. Interventions cover many areas, including awareness, prevention, testing and counseling, as well as care, treatment, support and vaccine development. 
Palestine Grant Program.
OFID has been extending assistance to Palestine since 1979. However, in response to growing and critical need, OFID took steps to intensify its operations in Palestine by setting up a special program in 2002 to accelerate the delivery of assistance. Endowed with its own resources, this program provides support to areas of long-term concern, such as basic infrastructure and essential health and social services. In times of urgent humanitarian need, it also channels emergency assistance to help deliver food, medical supplies and other items. 
Contributions to other organizations.
Common Fund for Commodities (CFC).
OFID has been a long-standing supporter of the Common Fund for Commodities (CFC), having made available a total of US$83.6m in support of the institution. This amount is made up of a voluntary contribution of US$46.4m to the Second Account of the CFC and another US$37.2m to cover the subscriptions of 35 least developed countries to the directly contributed capital of the CFC. Within the context of the second account, resources totaling US$32 million had been committed in support of commodities projects in 29 countries in Africa, 15 in Asia and six in Latin America.
On the occasion of the 30th Annual Session of the OFID Ministerial Council on June 17, 2009, three new countries (DR Congo, Senegal, and Mozambique) were added to the list of eligible countries to benefit from subscriptions (and obtain subscription payments) to the CFC's First Account. OFID maintains a keen interest in the activities of the CFC and enjoys observer status in the two highest organs of the institution.
International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD).
OFID played a significant role in the establishment of IFAD, channeling US$861.1 million in contributions from OPEC Member Countries towards the agency’s initial capital and first replenishment. Since IFAD's creation, OPEC member states have maintained their firm support of the agency, contributing to additional replenishments of its resources. In addition, OFID itself has given a further US$20m as a special contribution from its own resources.
International Monetary Fund (IMF) Trust Fund.
Via OFID, financial resources valued at US$110m were transferred by a number of OPEC Member States to the IMF-administered Trust Fund which was established in May 1976. Representing profits accruing to seven of these countries from the sale of gold held on their behalf by the IMF, these resources were allocated to provide concessional balance of payments assistance to eligible low-income IMF member countries.
Energy for the Poor Initiative (EPI).
OFID is convinced that human development and energy use are intrinsically linked. Without energy to fuel industry and support business and social services such as hospitals and schools, there can be no economic or social progress. 
OFID believes that the alleviation of energy poverty - although not a goal on its own - is central to the achievement of the eight internationally embraced Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). This is why OFID describes the Eradication of Energy Poverty as the “9th MDG”. 
Over the years, OFID and its Member Countries have shown their concern for poverty and its attendant human misery. 
At the Second Summit of OPEC in Caracas, Venezuela, in September 2000, the Heads of State and Government described poverty as “the biggest environmental tragedy” confronting the world. 
In line with this position, the OPEC leaders at their Third Summit in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in November 2007, committed in the Riyadh Declaration to continue to align the programs of their aid institutions, including those of OFID, with the objective of achieving sustainable development and eradication of energy poverty in the developing countries.
In June 2008, the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, King Abdullah Bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia announced the Energy for the Poor Initiative and called upon OFID and the World Bank to play a leading role in development of the program. 
In May 2009, the same topic was the focus of discussions at the G8 Energy Ministers Meeting in Rome. The meeting concluded with a joint statement from the G8 Energy Ministers, the European Commissioner and the Energy Ministers of several other countries, including OFID Member Countries Algeria, Indonesia, Libya, Nigeria and Saudi Arabia. In the statement, the Ministers pledged their support to initiatives to combat energy poverty, including King Abdullah’s Energy for the Poor Initiative. They also urged OFID - and a number of other institutions - to prepare strategies and identify financing mechanisms to develop energy networks and integrate energy markets in Africa.
In March 2010, energy poverty was again in the spotlight when in Cancun, Mexico, world energy ministers, from producing and consuming countries, met for the 12th International Energy Forum (IEF). OFID delivered a statement at a special session of the Forum devoted to the “Role of Energy in Fostering Human Development.” The statement highlighted OFID’s efforts toward the alleviation of energy poverty. 
In 2010, the UN announced the decision to mark 2012 as the Year of Sustainable Energy for All (SE4ALL), an initiative that launched international efforts to achieve universal energy access by 2030. Various initiatives, most significantly, the 2012 SE4ALL global initiative, brought the world’s attention to the serious issue of energy poverty and the need to tackle this in order to meet the MDGs and eradicate poverty. Due to the significance of the energy-poverty nexus, and in order to maintain the momentum of efforts to tackle this issue, the UN General Assembly also announced a “Decade for Sustainable Energy for All” to run from 2014 to 2024, directing the international community’s attention to meeting this challenge.
Mr. Al-Herbish was appointed as one of the 39 principals in the SE4All High-level Group. The OFID Director-General is also a member of the SE4All Advisory Board, an elite panel representing business, finance, government and civil society. These appointments were in recognition of OFID’s leading role in the global fight against energy poverty.
OFID was amongst the earliest institutions to take up the call to address this urgent issue. As a development finance institution, OFID has been widely recognized as one of the pioneers to champion this theme in the international agenda, fighting energy poverty through the channel of its Energy for the Poor Initiative (EPI), which was launched in 2008. In June 2012, the OFID Ministerial Council issued a Ministerial Declaration which states that OFID is committing a minimum of US$1 billion to financing the Energy for the Poor Initiative, further augmenting OFID’s contribution to battling energy poverty. 
OFID’s advocacy was instrumental in highlighting the vital link between energy and development. The institution has supported a number of projects that range from the construction and rehabilitation of power plants and installation of natural gas pipelines, to the construction of wind farms and solar energy systems. As of the end of December 2013, energy operations accounted for over US$3.8b, or 24%, of OFID’s cumulative commitments, co-financing operations in 85 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19204023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204023" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Film Portraying Woman in Good Light">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Film Portraying Woman in Good Light

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Film Portraying Woman in Good Light is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films. The award was first given in 1994.
The list.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19204026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204026" title="Leucippus (disambiguation)">
Leucippus (disambiguation)

Leucippus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19204027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204027" title="SS Hispania (1912)">
SS Hispania (1912)

SS "Hispania" was a Swedish 1323 GRT triple-expansion engine steamer built in Belgium in 1912. She sank in the Sound of Mull on 18 December 1954 after striking a rock.
Career.
"Hispania" was built by the Antwerp Engineering Co Ltd, Hoboken, Antwerp, Belgium. She was yard number 59. "Hispania" was launched in 1912 and completed in December of that year. She was owned by Svenska Lloyd AB. "Hispania" was managed by a number of different managers, including H Metcalft, followed by K R Bökman from c1930.
During the Second World War, "Hispania" was seized by the French authorities. In 1940, she was on a voyage from Kaolack, Senegal via Casablanca, Morocco to Bordeaux, France with a cargo of peanuts. During the voyage, she was attacked and severely damaged. On 2 June 1940, "Hispania" was detained in Bordeaux. On 8 October 1940, she was seized by the Vichy Government. On 8 November 1940, an application was made to declare her as a war prize. The crew were allowed to return to Sweden in December 1940, except for her captain and a mechanic. On 15 April 1941, "Hispania" was declared a war prize and ownership passed to the Kriegsmarine. Svenska Lloyd AB objected to this decision. On 8 February 1942, "Hispania" and "Sirius" were ordered to sail to Rotterdam under the command of the Kriegsmarine. On 1 November 1942, the Kriegsmarine ceased command of the ship. The next day, a German "Schnellboot" attack left one dead and two seriously wounded. On 19 December 1942, "Hispania" was handed back to Svenska Lloyd AB on payment of RM44,017.69. She departed Rotterdam on 1 January 1943, bound for Göteburg.
Sinking.
On 18 December 1954, "Hispania" sank after hitting a reef in a storm. Heading to Varberg, Sweden, from Liverpool she attempted to navigate through the Sound of Mull but hit the Sgeir More (Big Rock) and started to list. The order to abandon ship was given and the crew lowered the lifeboats and rowed to shore. Captain Ivan Dahn refused to leave the ship and chose to go down with it. The other twenty crew were saved. At the time, "Hispania" was carrying a cargo of asbestos, rubber sheeting and steel.
Wreck.
The wreck sits, intact and upright, in of clear water, at . The "Hispania" can be dived on only during slack water, which is between 1 and 2 hours before high or low water near the Scottish town of Oban. Located in the northern aspects of the Sound of Mull, the Hispania is facing the shore and close to a red channel buoy. The water temperature ranges from 14 °C in summer to as low as 5 °C in winter. In the summer time, a common hazard are the migrating stinging jellyfish that pass over the wreck. Their tentacles often get caught on the shot line and are dangerous to divers.
Sound of Mull Remote Sensing Project (SOMAP) was an underwater survey on the behest of Historic Scotland to catalog all sites in the Sound of Mull. Through research and a through sonar survey, SOMAP was able to determine the status of the SS "Hispania". Their findings determined that the ship was salvaged throughout the 1950s by Scarborough Sub-Aqua Club and since then the popularity of diving the wreck has resulted in the removal of all non-ferrous artifacts. No archaeological surveys of the site had been undertaken until SOMAP’s involvement. The ship's horn was salvaged in the 1960s by a member of Scarborough Sub-Aqua Club and is now on display there. 
Minor damage was caused by a scallop dredger in 1999 when its fishing gear pulled down one of the masts and caused minor scrape damage. A scour pit caused by currents removing sand and mud from one side of the ship is causing the ship to slowly list into the depression. In November 2002 the wreck of "Hispania" was purchased by the Puffin Dive Centre, Oban.
Propulsion.
"Hispania" was propelled by a triple expansion steam engine which was built by the North East Marine Engine Co Ltd, Newcastle upon Tyne. It had cylinders of , and diameter by stroke, developing , giving a speed of .
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers. "Hispania" had the Swedish Official Number 5396 and used the Code Letter JTCB between 1930 and 1944, and SEWG from 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="19204032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204032" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award Special Prize">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award Special Prize

→The Tamil Nadu State Film Award (Special Prizes) are given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.
The list.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19204050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204050" title="Rosie Vela">
Rosie Vela

Roseanne "Rosie" Vela (born November 11, 1954, Galveston, Texas) is an American model and singer-songwriter.
Career.
Vela's family later moved to Arkansas, where she attended the University of Arkansas. While studying art and music, Vela also began modeling. She married the Arkansas born musician, Jimmy Roberts, but he died of cancer shortly after. Following this, Vela moved to New York where her modeling career took off and she graced the covers of various magazines from the 1970s onwards, and has appeared in numerous television commercials.
Turning her attention to music, Vela built a home recording studio for herself and signed a recording contract with A&M Records. She released her debut album, "Zazu", in 1986. The entire album was written or co-written by Vela, and was produced by Gary Katz. It is also notable for the fact that it included contributions from both Donald Fagen and Walter Becker (two of Vela's musical heroes) - five years after they had disbanded their group Steely Dan. Though the album went largely unnoticed in the U.S., it fared better in Europe, and a single from the album, "Magic Smile", was a Top 30 hit in the UK Singles Chart. The album itself peaked at #20 in the UK Albums Chart, and was certified silver by the BPI in March 1987. Further singles, "Interlude" and "Fool's Paradise" met with less success. 
Following "Zazu", Vela did not release any further recordings, but has since become a backing vocalist for other musicians; including Electric Light Orchestra on their 2001 album; "Zoom". Vela also performed a few shows with the band, and was (for a time) in a relationship with ELO's frontman, Jeff Lynne.
Vela has also appeared in several films, including "Heaven's Gate" (as the "beautiful girl" that makes Kris Kristofferson's character fall in love during Harvard's graduation ceremony scene in the film beginning), "The Two Jakes", and co-starred in "Inside Edge" opposite Michael Madsen.

</doc>
<doc id="19204065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204065" title="Double tree">
Double tree

Double Tree may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19204089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204089" title="Stéphane Vossart">
Stéphane Vossart

Stéphane Vossart (born June 27, 1972 in Croix, Nord) is a retired male breaststroke swimmer from France, who represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics. His best result in three starts in Barcelona, Spain was the 5th place (3:40.51) in the Men's 4×100 metres Medley Relay event, alongside Franck Schott, Bruno Gutzeit and Stéphan Caron.

</doc>
<doc id="19204091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204091" title="Kami-Kazi Airport">
Kami-Kazi Airport

Kami-Kazi Airport is a heliport located in unincorporated Galveston County, Texas, United States. The airport is located south of League City, east of Alvin, and northwest of Santa Fe.
The heliport is privately owned by James P. Entrekin. The airport is for private use.

</doc>
<doc id="19204096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204096" title="Jamali (disambiguation)">
Jamali (disambiguation)

Jamali are a tribe in Pakistan.
Jamali or Jamli () may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19204106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204106" title="Thomas Baring">
Thomas Baring

Thomas Baring may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19204107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204107" title="Rangeh'n – Das Beste von Nina Hagen">
Rangeh'n – Das Beste von Nina Hagen

"Rangeh'n – Das Beste von Nina Hagen" is a compilation album by Nina Hagen, released in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19204120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204120" title="Southern Oregon Raiders football, 1932–36">
Southern Oregon Raiders football, 1932–36

Following are the results of the 1932–1936 Southern Oregon Raiders football teams. The Southern Oregon University Raiders football team is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics and is not associated with any conference. Southern Oregon's first football team was fielded in 1927. The team plays its home games at Raider Stadium, in Ashland, OR.
1932.
</table>
† Homecoming
1933.
</table>
† Homecoming
1934.
</table>
† Homecoming

</doc>
<doc id="19204147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204147" title="General Security Directorate (Syria)">
General Security Directorate (Syria)

The General Security Directorate (, "Idarat al-Amn al-Amm") is the most important civil intelligence service of Syria and plays an important role in quelling internal dissent.
Organization.
The General Security Directorate is under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Interior. It is divided into three branches:
The internal security division is responsible for the internal surveillance of the population. The external security division is responsible for foreign intelligence work. And, the Palestinian division is responsible for monitoring the activities of Palestinian groups in Syria and Lebanon.
Hisham Bekhityar became the head of the General Security Directorate in 2001, replacing Ali Hammoud, who became the Minister of Interior. General Bakhtiar was close to Bashar al-Assad's deceased brother-in-law Assef Shawkat.
In the late 20th century Maj. Gen Ali Houri was director of General Security Directorate.
The service was in competition with Idarat al-Amn al-Siyasi in the late 20th century.
Gen. Ghazi Kanaan possibly headed international security of the General Security Directorate in the late 20th century.
President Bashar Assad in June 2005 appointed General Ali Mamluk as commander of the General Security Directorate. Six years later in April 2011, the US government imposed sanctions on Ali Mamluk, saying he had been responsible for human rights abuses, including the use of violence against civilians. His agency had repressed internal dissent, monitored individual citizens, and had been involved in the Syrian governments actions in Deraa, where protesters were killed by Syrian security services. The next month, the EU also imposed sanctions on Ali Mamluk, saying he had been involved in efforts to suppress anti-government protesters. A Sunni, he is said to be on good terms with all of Syria's intelligence agencies - the heads of Air Force Intelligence and the Political Security Directorate were once his assistants. He is a part of Bashar al-Assad's inner circle.

</doc>
<doc id="19204148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204148" title="Creasy Airport">
Creasy Airport

Creasy Airport is an airport located in unincorporated Galveston County, Texas, United States. The airport is located southwest of Santa Fe and west of Hitchcock.
The airport is privately owned by William K. Creasy. The airport is for private use.

</doc>
<doc id="19204157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204157" title="Ludwig Schuberth (composer)">
Ludwig Schuberth (composer)

Ludwig Schuberth (18 April 1806 – May 1850) was a German composer.
Schuberth was born in Magdeburg but spent much of his career in Russia. His works include symphonies, operas, chamber music, art songs, and songs for solo instruments. He died at St. Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19204164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204164" title="Mauritanian presidential election, 2009">
Mauritanian presidential election, 2009

A presidential election was held in Mauritania on 18 July 2009. Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz, who led the 2008 coup d'état, won a narrow first-round majority in the election, according to official results. A second round, if necessary, would have been held on 1 August 2009.
Following the coup which deposed President Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi on 6 August 2008, the new junta (the High Council of State) promised that a presidential election would be held "as soon as possible". The election was subsequently scheduled for 6 June 2009. 
Abdel Aziz, who was President of the High Council of State, stepped down in April 2009 in order to stand as a candidate. The opposition initially planned to boycott the election, arguing that the junta pursued a unilateral electoral agenda, and as a result Abdel Aziz was widely expected to win the election. Later, however, the opposition agreed to participate as part of a deal with the junta in June 2009, making the election appear more competitive; as part of the deal, the election was delayed to July and a national unity government was formed to lead the country through the election period. 
Background.
On 15 September 2008, the National Assembly adopted plans to hold "free and fair elections" within 12–14 months, setting the election date in late 2009 at the latest. The chosen date of 6 June 2009 was announced by the official media on 23 January 2009. 
Months before the election, it was widely expected that Abdel Aziz would stand as a candidate; Abdel Aziz said that retired officers should be allowed to run, fuelling speculation that he might retire from the army and run as a civilian. On 4 February 2009, while still expressing support for the coup and saying that Abdallahi should not be restored to the Presidency, Ahmed Ould Daddah—the country's main opposition leader, who heads the Rally of Democratic Forces (RFD) and placed second in the 2007 presidential election—proposed that the army give up power and that anyone who was serving in the military at the time of the coup should not be allowed to run in the presidential election. Abdel Aziz announced that he would run in the election on 29 March 2009, as was widely expected, and said that he would resign as Head of State (to be succeeded by the President of the Senate) in order to stand as a candidate.
On 8 April, Abdel Aziz told France 24 that he intended to resign prior to 22 April, as necessary for him to stand as a candidate. He also said that the election would be held as planned on 6 June, contradicting rumors of a delay that could facilitate possible mediation aimed at securing the participation of opposition parties. According to Abdel Aziz, the election was desired by 90% of the population. Later on 8 April, members of the pro-Abdallahi National Front for the Defense of Democracy (FNDD), including the President of the National Assembly, Massaoud Ould Boulkheir, held a protest in Nouakchott. Boulkheir denounced the "unilateral electoral agenda of the putschists" and warned that "neither tanks, nor guns nor live bullets can stop our fight against the usurpation of power by force". The announcement of a new electoral commission, headed by Cheikh Saadbouh Camara, also occurred on 8 April.
Opposition parties announced they would boycott the election. The Alliance for Justice and Democracy/Movement for Renewal (AJD/MR), led by Ibrahima Sarr, expressed support for the military junta, and Sarr announced on April 11, 2009, that he would be a candidate in the election. Sarr said that "the conditions are there for a free poll" and that Mauritania did not have democracy under Abdallahi's presidency. Kane Hamidou Baba, Vice-President of the National Assembly and Vice-President of the RFD, also sought to stand as a candidate, although he did so without the approval of the RFD. Due to Baba's friendly attitude towards the junta, he was expelled from the FNDD coalition. Another candidate was Sghair Ould M'Bareck, who served as Prime Minister under President Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya from 2003 to 2005.
Abdel Aziz resigned on 15 April 2009 and was succeeded by Ba Mamadou Mbaré as Acting President. The deadline for the registration of presidential candidacies expired on 22 April; by that point none of the major opposition leaders, including RFD President Daddah, had registered, as they were all participating in the boycott. Observers concluded that the lack of a credible challenger meant that Abdul Aziz would easily win the election, although they noted that the credibility of the election itself could be threatened by the opposition boycott.
The Constitutional Court approved four candidacies on 27 April: those of Abdel Aziz, Ibrahima Sarr, Kane Hamidou Baba, and Sghair Ould M'Bareck. All of these candidates were sympathetic to the coup. The Union for the Republic (UPR) political party elected Abdel Aziz as its President at the party's constituent assembly on 5 May 2009; the UPR holds a parliamentary majority.
Abdel Aziz met with Senegalese President Abdoulaye Wade and envoys from the African Union on 14 May 2009; although they reportedly wanted the election to be delayed in order to encourage the opposition to participate, Abdel Aziz said after the meeting that there would be no delay. Wade also met separately with Abdallahi and Daddah. Daddah said at a press conference on 26 May that there could be no talks unless the junta agreed to release political prisoners and suspend the electoral timetable.
Shortly before the scheduled date of the election, in reconciliation talks on 31 May 2009 it was agreed to postpone the election to 21 July and 4 August; this was later denied by the government, and on 2 June 2009 it was announced that it had been postponed to 18 July and 1 August. A final agreement between the junta and the opposition was signed on 4 June. The agreement provided for Abdallahi's formal resignation as President, the installation of a national unity government that would serve briefly prior to the election, and set the date of the election as 18 July. As a result of the agreement, all of the major parties were expected to participate in the election.
Ely Ould Mohamed Vall, who headed the 2005–2007 military junta, announced on 6 June 2009 that he would be a presidential candidate, running as an independent. He condemned the 2008 coup, asserting that it was "wrong and there was no reason for it" and that it had "provoked a particularly dangerous situation in our country". He stressed, however, that his candidacy was not directed against any particular individual, and he said that his goal, if elected, was "to build a reconciled country that is politically and economically viable and stable". He also said that he would "probably no longer be interested in public affairs" if not for the 2008 coup. The RFD announced on 9 June that Daddah had been designated as the party's presidential candidate by a special party congress. Observers considered Abdel Aziz, Daddah, and Vall to be the key candidates.
The moderate Islamist National Rally for Reform and Development (RNRD), which opposed the coup and participated in the FNDD, designated its President, Mohamed Jemil Ould Mansour, as its candidate on 14 June. Although the party chose to run its own candidate, it said that it would continue coordinating with the FNDD.
Candidates.
After the postponement of the elections and the formation of an interim government, ten candidates registered to run in the election and were approved by the Constitutional Council — the four candidates who had already registered to run before the Dakar Agreement:
and six additional candidates:
The main rhetorical theme of the campaign, which was described as "lacklustre" by Agence France-Presse, was the need for change and development. Abdel Aziz, also stressing the importance of change, presented himself as a champion of the poor; he had substantially lowered the prices of basic goods and services, engaged in public works projects, and granted land rights. In light of those efforts, as well as a purported tendency among Mauritanians to favor strong rule, analysts judged that he was the front-runner. "The New York Times" reported that support for Abdel Aziz in Dar Naim, a "desperately poor" Nouakchott neighborhood, was "universal".
A survey in the newspaper "Le Rénovateur" had Abdel Aziz, Daddah, and Boulkheir as the top three candidates. Boulkheir, a black descendant of slaves, notably won support from many white Moors (the traditionally dominant ethnic group), marking a significant change from past attitudes; some compared Boulkheir to United States President Barack Obama. Boulkheir was supported by Abdallahi, and Boulkheir and Daddah agreed that each would support the other if either reached a second round against Abdel Aziz.
Election day and subsequent events.
In the hours prior to the beginning of voting, a shootout occurred in Nouakchott between police and suspected Islamist militants. Two of the suspects were arrested, and the government said that they were involved in the death of Christopher Leggett, an American who was killed in Nouakchott on 23 June.
The election, held on 18 July 2009, was monitored by more than 200 elections observers, including those from the African Union and the Arab League. Voting opened at 7:00 a.m. UTC and lasted for twelve hours. Some Mauritanians living outside of the nation who had registered for the election were unable to vote because their names did not appear on voting lists. They say it is because they opposed the 2008 Mauritanian coup d'état. One such Mauritanian, Mohamed Sidatt, said that 300 people, including himself, who had registered to vote did not have their names on the final voting lists. Sidatt said, "I did and I have a valid Mauritanian passport, but my name did not appear on the final list. And I know it's because I was an active voice against the military coup."
Abdel Aziz, voting in Nouakchott, expressed confidence that he would win in the first round, although observers expected that a second round would be necessary. He also said that if he won the election it would mean "the victory of change for a prosperous Mauritania, worthy of its independence". Also on election day, Vall alleged fraud, saying that in some cases the votes of whole villages had been bought. Boulkheir, voting in Nouakchott, stressed that the country would "never turn back" to dictatorship.
Partial results on 19 July, with 61.17% of votes counted, showed Abdel Aziz with a narrow first-round majority of 52.2%; his supporters celebrated in the streets of Nouakchott. Boulkheir and Daddah, the main opposition candidates, trailed distantly with 16.63% and 13.89% respectively. Mansour had 4.66% and Vall had 3.78%. Also on 19 July, Boulkheir, Daddah, Vall, and Meimou jointly denounced the results as fraudulent. Later in the day, the results remained essentially unchanged with 92% of the votes counted. Boulkheir said, "We refuse to recognize these results and call on the international community to create a commission to investigate to expose this manipulation." At a press conference, Abdel Aziz dismissed the claims of fraud, saying that the opposition had not presented any proof. Interior Minister Mohamed Ould Rzeizim then declared Abdel Aziz the winner on the same day, crediting him with 52.58%; Rzeizim placed turnout at 64.58%.
Observers from the African Union, La Francophonie, the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, African Arab Maghreb Union, and the Community of Sahel-Saharan States jointly endorsed the conduct of the election as "satisfactory". Meanwhile, FNDD spokesman Mohamed Ould Mouloud alleged "massive fraud"; he said that the coalition would gather evidence and take the matter to the Constitutional Court.
Independent candidate Kane Hamidou Baba promptly accepted the results and congratulated Abdel Aziz, as did Mansour, the Tawassoul candidate, and Hanenna, the HATEM candidate.
Sid'Ahmed Ould Deye, the President of the Independent National Electoral Commission (CENI), announced on 21 July that Boulkheir, Daddah, Vall, and Meimou had filed complaints regarding the election; on the same day, it was reported that Boulkheir, Daddah, and Vall had appealed to the Constitutional Court regarding the results. Ould Deye resigned on 23 July 2009, stating that he now had doubts about the reliability of the election results. A few hours later, the Constitutional Court confirmed Abdel Aziz's victory. Daddah then called for "a recount of the votes and a chemical analysis of the ballot papers", while urging the people to "to reject this new coup d'etat" and "use all forms of democratic struggle". He also expressed praise for Deye's "refusal to assent to this electoral masquerade".
At a press conference on 30 July, Vall said that the election was merely a means of legitimizing the 2008 coup and that it had effectively reverted the country to the authoritarianism it had experienced under President Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya, who Vall and Abdel Aziz ousted in 2005. He also said that he would continue to struggle against Abdel Aziz's regime.
Abdel Aziz was sworn in at a ceremony in Nouakchott on 5 August 2009, one day prior to the first anniversary of the coup that initially brought him to power. About 20,000 people were in attendance, along with several regional leaders: Senegalese President Abdoulaye Wade, Malian President Amadou Toumani Toure, Moroccan Prime Minister Abbas El Fassi, and Gambian Vice-President Isatou Njie-Saidy. Representatives of the African Union were also present. 

</doc>
<doc id="19204182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204182" title="A French Mistress">
A French Mistress

A French Mistress is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Roy Boulting and starring Cecil Parker, James Robertson Justice, Agnès Laurent, Ian Bannen, Raymond Huntley, Irene Handl and Thorley Walters.
It is based on a stage play, "The French Mistress" by Robert Monro, first produced in 1959 at the Theatre Royal Windsor, 
starring Sonnie Hale.
Plot summary.
A young French woman, Madaleine Lafarge (Laurent), is appointed as a French teacher at a rather old-fashioned English public school which is not used to women teachers. She causes a stir and complications ensue.
A romance develops between her and the headmaster's son (Bannen) who is also a teacher at the school. The headmaster (Parker) is concerned as he comes to believe that she is really his daughter, from an affair he had during a holiday in France in his youth. He attempts to stop the romance by sacking her so that she will go back to France, but the boys go on strike and nearly riot. It transpires at the end that there has been a misunderstanding, which means that she cannot be his daughter.
This is basically a rather lightweight British comedy film typical of its time, with a cast of veteran British character actors, although with a slightly prurient touch.

</doc>
<doc id="19204201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204201" title="Morane-Saulnier Alcyon">
Morane-Saulnier Alcyon

The Morane-Saulnier Alcyon (en: Kingfisher) is a two or three-seat basic training monoplane designed and built in France by Morane-Saulnier.
Design and development.
Designed as a basic trainer for the French military the prototype MS.730 first flew on the 11 August 1949. The prototype was a low-wing cantilever monoplane with a fixed tailwheel landing gear and powered by a 240 hp (134 kW) Mathis 8G.20 inverted V8 engine. The engine was replaced with a German war-surplus 240 hp (179 kW) Argus As 10 and the prototype flew again in November 1949 as the MS.731. Two further prototypes were built and flown in 1951 designated "MS.732", they were each powered by a Potez 6D.30 engine and the original fixed landing gear of the prototype was replaced with retractable main wheels.
Operational history.
The production version followed designated the MS.733, with five pre-production aircraft and 200 production aircraft. The aircraft were delivered to the French Navy (40), the French Air Force (145) and the Cambodian Air Force (15). Seventy of the French Air Force aircraft were fitted with machine guns for gunnery training and some of these were later converted for counter-insurgency operations (and re-designated MS.733A) for use in Algeria. After the war, some aircraft were sold to Morocco.
The Alcyon was a successful trainer, capable of basic aerobatic maneuvers. It was often used in replacement of pre-war vintage Stampe SV.4 biplanes. Several civilian flying schools, including Air France, used the Alcyon. For the time, it was well equipped with full IFR equipment: two VOR-ILS sets, one ADF set, two VHF radios, a radar altimeter, an attitude indicator, and a directional gyroscope. For this reason, it was often used for navigation training as it was far cheaper to operate than the twin-engine designs commonly used for that task.
Since retirement by the French military services, several Alcyons have been restored to flying condition by private owners and groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19204238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204238" title="Rockville Mall">
Rockville Mall

Rockville Mall was an indoor shopping mall in Rockville, Maryland. Opened in 1972, the mall originated as part of an urban renewal project. Much of it was demolished in 1995, and later replaced with Rockville Town Center.
History.
In 1962, Rockville became the first small city in Maryland to undertake a federal urban renewal program. Forty-six acres in the town center were bought; old and new buildings were demolished, and street patterns were changed. In their place rose the residential Americana Centre, more County buildings, high-rise offices, and a large shopping mall with 1,560 spaces of underground parking. A decade after the project began, the , 40 shop Rockville Mall opened in 1972, on .
Although designed originally to have Sears and JC Penney as the two anchors, no second lease was ever signed. The sole anchor at opening was a branch of the Washington, D.C.-based Lansburgh's department store chain. Within a year, Lansburgh's closed and was replaced briefly with a branch of Lit Brothers, followed by a W. & J. Sloane furniture clearance center and Franklin Simon & Co. store. Those stores closed with the bankruptcy of City Stores in 1979.
The mall was renamed in 1978 as the Commons at Courthouse Square and by 1981, 35 of the 55 store fronts were vacant. That year, despite the opening of the adjacent Montgomery County Executive Office Building, tenancy eventually dwindled to a handful, the property's New York-based owner, Rockville Development Associates, went bankrupt, and the mall was closed.
In 1983, Eisenger-Kildane of Gaithersburg, Maryland, spent $50 million attempting to redevelop it as a more entertainment-oriented facility. It was reopened as Rockville Metro Center, reflecting the connection at its east end to the newly opened Rockville Metro station across Maryland Route 355. This renovation brought in the late 1980s a large United Artists theater complex and "Breakers," a billiards parlor. Though these businesses, at the east end of the mall closest to the Metro station, attracted some traffic, the remainder of the mall lacked attractive tenants and therefore remained largely vacant.
Rockville Mayor and later Montgomery County executive Doug Duncan launched a massive campaign against the mall, known locally as the "Berlin Wall", in 1993, arguing that the large, scarcely occupied facility was a millstone holding back downtown development and limiting the city's property tax intake. His argument struck a chord with the majority in Rockville, and the west end of the mall was finally torn down in 1995 (the portion connected to the Metro station still exists as an office/health care/fitness center complex that is not recognizable as having once been part of a mall). New York-based Essex Capital Partners purchased the mall from Marine Midland Bank in 1998. Later that year, they opened the first phase of the $300 million Rockville Center, project, which included renovated and expanded theaters and a "restaurant row." 
Rockville Town Center.
Starting in 2004, redevelopment continued with the Rockville Town Center project. The $370 million mixed use center, is a public / private venture and includes the Rockville Branch of the Montgomery County Library; Rockville Arts and Innovation Center; ground-level retail, restaurants, shops, food stores; public parking garages; and about 680 units of residential housing in a pedestrian friendly setting.
On July 17, 2007, the Rockville Town Square (Phase I of the Rockville Town Center project) opened with 27 shops and restaurants, including a Gordon Biersch brewery, Gifford's Ice Cream (now closed) and an Aveda day spa. In September 2007, the nonprofit Metropolitan Center for the Visual Arts (VisArts), a former Rockville Mall tenant, opened its doors as a center for classes, galleries and programs. 

</doc>
<doc id="19204252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204252" title="2004 Franklin Templeton Classic">
2004 Franklin Templeton Classic

The 2004 Franklin Templeton Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from March 1 through March 7, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19204263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204263" title="Springfield Plantation (Fayette, Mississippi)">
Springfield Plantation (Fayette, Mississippi)

Springfield Plantation is an antebellum house located near Fayette in Jefferson County, Mississippi. It has been associated with many famous people throughout its history.
History.
One of the oldest mansions in Mississippi, the Springfield Mansion was built between 1786 and 1791. The original plantation had over and was purchased by Thomas M. Green Jr., a wealthy Virginia planter, in 1784. Thomas had the house built to show off his wealth. The mansion was one of the first houses in America to have a full colonnade across the entire facade and is the first such mansion to be built in the Mississippi Valley. The whole house was built by his slaves out of clay from the land. The hinges, knobs, and all metal tools were built at the plantation's blacksmith building. 
Possibly what makes the Springfield Plantation most famous is the wedding that took place at it in 1791. Thomas M. Green Sr., the owner's father, was one of the magistrates of the Mississippi Territory and as such, performed the marriage ceremony of Andrew Jackson and Rachel Donelson at the house in August 1791. This marriage would lead to one of the first romantic tragedies in America. 
For two years, Green Jr. had to leave his loved plantation to go to Washington, D.C. when he became a Congressman from the Mississippi Territory. The plantation survived the Civil War and the Union occupation of Mississippi during the later half of the 1800s. After numerous owners over the years, the house decayed for decades. Arthur Edward Cavalier de LaSalle, Arthur LaSalle as he liked to be called, was given a lifetime lease of the home by the owners to repair, live, and give tours of the mansion in the early 1970s. When asked about the mansion when he first arrived, he said, "It was occupied by the rats and pigeons nothing else." Springfield is still a working plantation. On August 11, 2008 LaSalle died at the Green Family Plantation. The tours have stopped, but the owners say they will be restarted.
Cemetery.
It is not known how many people are buried at the Green Family Cemetery at the Plantation. These are the names of those known.

</doc>
<doc id="19204289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204289" title="Long Distance (song)">
Long Distance (song)

"Long Distance" is a song by American recording artist Brandy Norwood. It was written by Bruno Mars, Philip Lawrence, Jeff Bhasker, and Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, and was co-produced by Jerkins and Mars for her fifth studio album "Human" (2008) based on a demo by Mars. It appears as the seventh track on the album on which it its interluded by a telephone conversation between two lovers. The lyrics of the piano–led power ballad describe the protagonist's emotional state towards an ongoing long-distance relationship, which leaves her in depression.
The song was the second and final single to precede the "Human" album. Upon its release in October 2008, it garnered a gernally mixed reception from music critics who applauded the song's lyrical content, its vocals and the hymnlike character, while others found the song would sound too clichéd and outdated. Never released outside North America, "Long Distance" managed to peak at number 38 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart but failed to enter the Hot 100; though it became the second consecutive "Human" single after "Right Here (Departed)" to reach the top spot on the Hot Dance Club Play chart. An alternate pop remix, which featured a different instrumentalization, was serviced to mainstream radio in February 2009.
The accompanying music video for the single was directed by Chris Robinson and filmed at the Park Plaza Hotel in Los Angeles in November 2008. Depiciting Norwood as a singing diva, who remembers moments with her distant love, the video shifts from black-and-white to color photography during its bridge. Both Mars and Lawrence appear as pianists in a sequence of the clip.
Background and recording.
"Long Distance" was written by two-third of The Smeezingtons production team, singer Bruno Mars and writer Phillip Lawrence, along with producer Jeff Bhasker. Production on the track was handled by Mars and longtime Brandy contributor Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, who expanded the original demo track which was sung by Mars. The song was one of the first records Lawrence and Mars team collaborated on. Eventually scouted by Norwood's A&R manager on Epic Records, Brandon Creed, the track was presented to Norwood, who "fell in love with it" upon hearing and later approved of it. When asked about her relation to the song, whose lyrics deal with the conditions a of long-distance relationships, Norwood elaborated:
"Whether it's a significant other or your daughter, a lot of people are away from the people they love. I met some lady, and she was telling me her husband is away in Iraq right now. I was like, 'I have the perfect song for you.' Just being in a long-distance relationship, that experience is weird. You're not able to have that time, and you need that time.
Critical reception.
"Long Distance" was received a mixed reception by critics. Hillary Crosley of "Billboard" gave the song a positive review, stating: "An old radio wives' tale says that a good ballad will carry an artist through the winter months – and up the charts. As such, Brandy follows her comeback single "Departed" with another slow burn about loss. But this time, her lyric details a long-distance relationship and how difficult it is to go on while her beau is away. The piano-driven track is peppered with layered vocals from the songstress. It's refreshing to hear Brandy's voice again and equally heartwarming to see she and Rodney Jerkins reunite creatively." Talia Kraines, writing for BBC Music, described the song as the soundtrack to "a heartbreaking moment on a "Grey's Anatomy" finale" stating that the "understated ballad is just as good as [Beyoncé's] "If I Were A Boy" and should be a global hit, beating with surging strings and tenderness."
Jon Pareles, writing for "The New York Times" described "Long Distance" as "a hymnlike single that distantly echoes Janet Jackson’s "Again." Nick Bond from MTV Australia called the song "the album's safest moment" and sumed it as a "bombastic piano ballad worthy of Whitney Houston." Sarah Rodman of "The Boston Globe" praised the "warmer, more organic" structure of the song, which she found distinguished from the rest of the "Human" album, and noted that the song "brings out the expressive best in Brandy's pleasantly raspy vocalizing." By contrast, Sal Cinquemani from "Slant Magazine" criticized the song's "attempt at recapturing Brandy's past successes," and further wrote that it "sounds like a cliché power ballad that could have been sung by Phil Collins or Peter Cetera in the '80s as the theme for some big Hollywood popcorn flick."
Music video.
Background.
Although an accompanying music video for the song was actually expected to be shot by Norwegian director Ray Kay in the week of October 20, 2008, the actual clip for "Long Distance" was eventually filmed by Chris Robinson on November 6, 2008 in Los Angeles, California. Executive produced by Amanda Fox for Robot Films, it was Norwood's second video be directed by Robinson, who had previously worked with her on 2002's "Full Moon" clip. As Robinson stated in a behind-the-scenes interview with "Rap-Up", the concept of the video is basically about performance. Willed to create a clip as cinematic as he had considered the lyrics of the song, he chose the opulent Park Plaza Hotel to depict his vision of taking Norwood "through the feeling of missing the person she's in love with." Both Bruno Mars and Philip Lawrence appear as pianists in a sequence of the clip.
The music video premiered on entertainment blog PerezHilton.com on December 1, 2008, where it was described as "Whitney circa the '90s (the Babyface era)." Upon its television debut, it came in at number nine on BET's "106 & Park" countdown on December 22, 2008, and peaked at the top position on January 14, 2009 where it held the number-one spot for an entire week.
Synopsis.
The video starts of with Norwood sitting at a dresser in her empty dressing room looking in the mirror, putting on a ring, and putting on make-up while she is thinking about her boyfriend. This part of the video is combined with scenes of Norwood spending time with her boyfriend. The second part of the video shows Norwood singing in front of the Park Plaza Hotel restaurant while her boyfriend is over by the bar. She is singing to him that she can't be home but she will be home soon. Then he goes over to her and touches her on the face. Then, the camera zooms out of this part of the video to find that it's something that Norwood is watching in a picture frame in her room, which catches on fire while she is singing the second half of the second chorus of the song. Then from the bridge of the song to the end of the video, it goes into color while Norwood is standing in between a row of red curtains while it's raining. Then at the end of the video, some of scenes reverse (in color). The video ends with Norwood looking into her dresser mirror.
Formats and tracklistings.
Digital download remix EP
Digital download single

</doc>
<doc id="19204299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204299" title="Revolution Ballroom">
Revolution Ballroom

Revolution Ballroom is the eighth (sixth solo) studio album by Nina Hagen, released in 1993.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Nina Hagen; except where indicated
+ Bonus :
"L'amore" is sung in Italian, "Berlin" is sung in German, French and English, "Omhaidakhandi" is sung in Sanskrit.

</doc>
<doc id="19204302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204302" title="Michael Scott (musician)">
Michael Scott (musician)

Michael V. Scott is an American musician (electric bass and vocals) who played in the band Godspeed with former teen idol Leif Garrett, as well as Deadtime Stories and The Distortions. He has also worked with members of Marilyn Manson, David Bowie's band, and Lavender Diamond. In addition to music, he had a brief acting career in the early 1990s, and has been a guest on "The Rosie O'Donnell Show", VH1's "Behind The Music", and "A & E Biography".

</doc>
<doc id="19204335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204335" title="Tommy Heath (baseball)">
Tommy Heath (baseball)

Thomas George Heath (August 3, 1913 – February 26, 1967) was an American catcher and scout in Major League Baseball and a manager in minor league baseball. He played in parts of three seasons in the Majors between and , all for the St. Louis Browns. Heath stood tall and weighed during his playing days.
Heath's Major League career was spent with the Browns (1935; 1937–38), where he played 134 total games, compiling a batting average of .230 in 330 at bats with three home runs and 34 runs batted in. He was somewhat better known for his 18-year career as a minor league manager (–), where he worked in the New York Giants and Los Angeles Angels farm systems, and in between piloted four Pacific Coast League clubs between and . As manager of the Giants' Minneapolis Millers AAA affiliate (–), he sent players such as Willie Mays and Hoyt Wilhelm — both members of the Baseball Hall of Fame — to the major leagues. In , he managed the Trenton Giants to the Interstate League championship, the only title he won during his managerial career.
Heath served as a scout for the Angels after his managing career ended. He died at age 53 in Los Gatos, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19204346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204346" title="USS Marengo (AK-194)">
USS Marengo (AK-194)

USS "Marengo" (AK-194) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed by the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. She was declared excess-to-needs and returned to the U.S. Maritime Commission shortly after commissioning.
Service career.
"Marengo" (AK 194) was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract by Walter Butler Shipbuilders Inc., Superior, Wisconsin, 4 July 1944; launched 4 December 1944; sponsored by Mrs. R. W. Higgins; acquired by the Navy at New Orleans, Louisiana, 24 August 1945. "Marengo" was placed in service the same day she was acquired, and was used for ferrying from Beaumont, Texas, to Galveston, Texas. She was placed out of service on arrival the 29th; and commissioned 21 September.
The end of World War Il reduced the need for cargo ships, so "Marengo" decommissioned 23 November and was transferred to War Shipping Administration (WSA) the same day. The ship was subsequently operated by North Atlantic & Gulf Steamship Co., under the name "Coastal Spartan".

</doc>
<doc id="19204372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204372" title="2005 Tennis Channel Open">
2005 Tennis Channel Open

The 2005 Tennis Channel Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States. The tournament was held from February 21 to February 28.

</doc>
<doc id="19204427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204427" title="The Magic Loungeabout">
The Magic Loungeabout

The Magic Loungeabout is a music festival held in the grounds of Broughton Hall, North Yorkshire.
The festival takes place over a full weekend in 2010, with the Saturday focused on electronic pop whilst the Sunday will be more acoustic lead. 2010 also sees 15 new areas on the site including concierge service, pop up restaurants, a cinema, speakers tent, grown up games area, themed camping areas, video projections, walk about art, and VIP day tent packages with waiter service.
Lineups.
2008.
30–31 August 2008
2010.
29–31 July 2010
2012.
27–29 July 2012

</doc>
<doc id="19204430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204430" title="Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre rifle prone">
Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre rifle prone

Men's 50 metre rifle prone at the 2000 Summer Olympics was held on 21 September. The qualification round of 60 shots was fired between 09:30 and 10:45 Australian Eastern Standard Time (UTC+10), and the final round of 10 additional shots at 11:30. Jonas Edman, previously more well known as a 300 metre shooter, took a one-point lead in the qualification round, and eventually won by a 0.9-point margin.
Records.
The existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
Qualification round.
DNS Did not start – Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="19204433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204433" title="Gerardo Bonilla">
Gerardo Bonilla

Gerardo Bonilla is a Puerto Rican-born professional race car driver. He competed in and won the IMSA Lites Championship (now Cooper Tires Prototype Lites) in 2007, He also works as an instructor for the Skip Barber series.
In 2007 and 2008 he competed for B-K Motorsports as part of the factory Mazda entry in the American Le Mans Series LMP2 class alongside co-driver Ben Devlin. In 2009 he competed for Gotham Competition in the 24 Hours of Daytona, but does not have a full-time ride in any series. In 2010 he will serve as the full-time driver coach for the U.S. F2000 National Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19204444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204444" title="Sutton in the Elms">
Sutton in the Elms

Sutton in the Elms is a hamlet in the northwest of Broughton Astley, Leicestershire. Its name is sometimes abbreviated to Sutton. Sutton is one of the three settlements mentioned in Domesday that now comprise Broughton Astley: namely Broctone, Sutone and Torp.
Geography.
The hamlet is about south west of the City of Leicester in the District of Harborough in Leicestershire. 
Sutton is one of the more desirable housing areas of Broughton Astley with homes dating from many periods. There are a number of farms, and at the West end of Sutton Lane, near the B4114 is a go-kart track. 
There is also Sutton in the Elms Private Care Home, a nursing care facility catering for 39 elderly residents in a homely environment.
History.
Sutton in the Elms has had a Baptist church since around 1650, making it the oldest established Baptist church in the county. It is still thriving today.
Sutton in the Elms also played an important part in the history of the Quakers. George Fox, founder of the Quakers, addressed his first open air meeting outside the 'steeple house' in 1647 and the Quaker Cottage at Sutton stands today.

</doc>
<doc id="19204459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204459" title="2006 Tennis Channel Open">
2006 Tennis Channel Open

The 2006 Tennis Channel Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Las Vegas, Nevada in the United States. The tournament was held from February 27 to March 6.

</doc>
<doc id="19204468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204468" title="Michael Sydney Perry">
Michael Sydney Perry

Sir Michael Sydney Perry GBE (born 26 Feb 1934) is a former Chairman of Centrica Plc.; a post he held from 1997 until 10 May 2004. He is currently on the Business Advisory Forum of Oxford Said Business School.

</doc>
<doc id="19204473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204473" title="Thomas Sutton (photographer)">
Thomas Sutton (photographer)

Thomas Sutton (1819 - 19 March 1875, Pwllheli) was an English photographer, author, and inventor.
Life.
Thomas Sutton went to school in Newington Butts and studied architecture for four years before studying at Caius College, Cambridge graduating in 1846 as the twenty-seventh wrangler. He opened a photographic studio in Jersey the following year under the patronage of Prince Albert. In 1855 he set up a photographic company in Jersey with business partner Louis Désiré Blanquart-Evrard that produced prints from calotype negatives. The following year, Sutton and Blanquart-Evrard founded the journal "Photographic Notes", which Sutton edited for eleven years. A prolific author, Sutton wrote a number of books on the subject of photography, including the Dictionary of Photography in 1858.
In 1859, Sutton developed the earliest panoramic camera with a wide-angle lens. The lens consisted of a glass sphere filled with water, which projected an image onto a curved plate. The camera was capable of capturing an image in a 120 degree arc.
In 1861, Sutton created the first single lens reflex camera.
Sutton was the photographer for James Clerk Maxwell's pioneering 1861 demonstration of color photography. In a practical trial of a thought-experiment Maxwell had published in 1855, Sutton took three separate black-and-white photographs of a multicolored ribbon, one through a blue filter, one through a green filter, and one through a red filter. Using three projectors equipped with similar filters, the three photographs were projected superimposed on a screen. The additive primaries variously blended to reproduce a gamut of color. The photographic materials available to Sutton were mainly sensitive to blue light, barely sensitive to green and practically insensitive to red, so the result was only a partial success. Forty years later, adequately panchromatic plates and films had made excellent color reproduction possible by this method, as demonstrated by the work of Sergey Prokudin-Gorsky. The principle of reproducing a full range of color by three-color analysis and synthesis is based on the nature of human color vision and underlies nearly all practical chemical and electronic color imaging technologies. Sutton's ribbon image is sometimes called the first color photograph. There were, in fact, earlier and possibly better color photographs made by experimenters who used a completely different, more purely chemical process, but the colors rapidly faded when exposed to light for viewing. Sutton's photographs preserved the color information in black-and-white silver images containing no actual coloring matter, so they are very light-fast and durable and the set may reasonably be described as the first "permanent" color photograph.
Sutton also worked on the development of dry photographic plates.

</doc>
<doc id="19204522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204522" title="Margaret Ford, Baroness Ford">
Margaret Ford, Baroness Ford

Margaret Anne Ford, Baroness Ford of Cunninghame (born 16 December 1957) is a British peer and Chair of Scottish Television Holdings PLC and Barchester Healthcare. She is the former Chair of the London 2012 Olympic Park Legacy Company, a former Chief Executive of Good Practice Limited, Senior Non-Executive Director of Serco, Managing Director (Social Infrastructure and Development) of Royal Bank of Canada Capital Markets and Chairman of Irvine Bay Urban Regeneration Company. She is also the President of the UK charity Epilepsy Action.
On 7 April 2009 Communities Secretary Hazel Blears, Mayor of London Boris Johnson, and Olympics Minister Tessa Jowell announced her appointment as Chair of the newly created London 2012 Legacy Delivery Company, known officially as the Olympic Park Legacy Company (OPLC). 
In 2011, she was included in the Times newspaper Sport Power 100, entering at number 26.
Ford was awarded a life peerage as Baroness Ford, of Cunninghame in North Ayrshire on 5 June 2006
Born the daughter of Edward and Susan Garland, she married firstly Christopher Derek Ford in 1982, with whom she had 2 children; Michael and Katharine, divorcing in 1990, and secondly David Arthur Bolger in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19204532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204532" title="Armenians in Sudan">
Armenians in Sudan

There is an Armenian community in the Sudan estimated to be less than one thousand Armenians. Most are concentrated in the Sudanese capital Khartoum. Today Sudanese Armenians number about 50 people.
Sudan's Armenian community had its own church, the St. Gregory the Illuminator Armenian Apostolic Church (in Armenian Sourp Krikor Lousavoritch). It is under the jurisdiction of the See of Holy Echmiadzin.
As of 2009, there are not as many Armenian in Khartoum, Sudan. Most of Sudana Hyes have moved, to the U.S. and parts of Europe. 
The Armenian Club was huge, and had its own indoor gathering hall, and an outdoor dance hall with a full restaurant kitchen, a play stage, soccer field, and basketball court, also billiards rooms, and a very large swimming pool. It was a place where so many families used to gather nightly and have dinner and at times the Sudana Hye community would invite singers from the U.S. like Adiss amongst others. As the weather was very hot in Sudan, they would mostly stay outdoors at the Armenian Club and have dinner and the kids would play together. The club although it is still there, it has been given back to the Sudanese. As there are not as many Armenians as before in the country to visit the facility. 
The Armenian church also had an Armenian School. There was always events at the school. The kids would say poetry, and sing Armenian songs. They learned, Armenian of course, as well as Arabic. The community was amazing, and very tight. Everyone knew each other. Many that left Sudan, wished the country was in a better state so that they could go back to the simple life and enjoy the kind, down to earth Sudana Hyes that once made Sudan their home.

</doc>
<doc id="19204577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204577" title="Emma Prusch Farm Park">
Emma Prusch Farm Park

Emma Prusch Farm Park is a 43.5 acre (176,000 m²) park in East San Jose, CA. Donated by Emma Prusch to the City of San Jose in 1962 to use to demonstrate the valley's agricultural past, it includes a 4-H barn (the largest in San Jose), community gardens, a rare-fruit orchard, demonstration gardens, picnic areas, and expanses of lawn. The park is host to an annual Harvest Festival and is operated cooperatively by the San Jose Parks and Recreation Department and the non-profit Emma Prusch Farm Park Foundation.
History.
The land for this farm park was donated by Emma Prusch to San Jose, California in 1962 to keep for agricultural purposes, and provides an introduction to farm life. The park is operated as a small farm by the City of San Jose, Department of Parks, Recreation, and Neighborhood Services. Barn space is provided to city kids in the 4-H and Future Farmers of America so they can experience farming practices in an urban environment. The farm also has a rare fruit orchard, a deciduous fruit orchard and two community gardens, and a urban farming project called Veggielution. In the spring, the park offers guided tours for K–3 school groups. These tours provide a sensory education emphasis while students learn about gardens, fruit orchard, poultry and livestock.
Location.
The park is located at 647 South King Road, San Jose, CA, 95116.

</doc>
<doc id="19204582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204582" title="Patricia Morris, Baroness Morris of Bolton">
Patricia Morris, Baroness Morris of Bolton

Patricia Morris, Baroness Morris of Bolton, OBE, DL (b. 1 January 1954, Farnworth), is a British peer and former Shadow Minister for Women and an Opposition Whip for the Conservative Party.
Morris was made a life peer in 2004, and has previously been Vice-Chairman of the Conservatives with responsibility for candidates. She is currently Chancellor of the University of Bolton.
Political career.
Prior to entering the House of Lords, Trish Morris was Vice-Chairman of the Conservative Party with responsibility for candidates. She was responsible for several changes in the selection procedure designed to increase the quality and diversity of Parliamentary candidates.
She was nominated for a peerage by the then Conservative leader, Iain Duncan Smith, and entered the House of Lords in June 2004. She joined the Conservative front bench as a Whip in September of that year. In June 2005 she was appointed Shadow Minister for Children, Young People, Families and Women and in October 2006 became principal opposition spokesman for Education & Skills. Morris relinquished her role as Shadow Minister for Children, Schools & Families at the end of 2008, but remained Shadow Minister for Women and an Opposition Whip.
In November 2009 she featured in the controversy over the selection of Liz Truss as prospective parliamentary candidate for South West Norfolk. Truss had faced criticism for allegedly not disclosing to the selection committee a past affair with a married MP. Morris was quoted 
supporting her, saying "Liz is a first class candidate", and saying of the affair that "In this day and age that shouldn't matter".
Personal life and voluntary work.
Morris lives in Bolton. Her husband William is a judge. In her maiden speech in the House of Lords she revealed that she broke her back in a riding accident when she was a teenager.
She is President of the National Benevolent Institution and a trustee of The Disability Partnership and The Transformation Trust. She is a school governor and trustee of Bolton School which she attended as a child; a patron of the Oxford Parent Infant Project and vice-chairman of the All Party Parliamentary Group for Breast Cancer and Children. She is co-chair of Women in Public Policy and on the executive committee of the Association of Governing Bodies of Independent Schools.
Morris was a member of the Advisory Committee to the Abbot of Ampleforth Abbey from 1998 to 2004, served as deputy chairman of the Salford Royal hospital NHS foundation trust, and as a director of Bolton Lads and Girls Club and was a member of the Conservative Party’s Social Work Commission. She joined the Board of Trustees of UNICEF UK in 2007. She succeeded Lord Patten as President of Medical Aid for Palestinians after he had resigned the post in June 2011 upon becoming Chairman of the BBC Trust.
On 27 November 2009 Morris was appointed as the first Chancellor of the University of Bolton, with a three-year term of office beginning on 1 January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19204583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204583" title="Lara Fabian discography">
Lara Fabian discography

The discography of Lara Fabian, an Belgian-Italian singer-songwriter, consists of eleven studio album, four live albums, one compilation album, eight box set, eigith video albums, fifteen two singles and other album appearances. Multilingual, Fabian sings in French, Italian, English, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Hebrew, Greek and German.
She has sold over 18 million records worldwide and is the best-selling Belgian-born female artist of all time. She is a lyric soprano with a vocal range that spans three octaves from C3 to G♯6 in live performances.

</doc>
<doc id="19204593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204593" title="Flyin' B Airport">
Flyin' B Airport

Flyin' B Airport is an airport located in unincorporated Brazoria County, Texas, United States. The airport is located near Pearland.
The airport is privately owned by Ned Lewis Beaman.

</doc>
<doc id="19204595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204595" title="A Lady Mislaid">
A Lady Mislaid

A Lady Mislaid is a 1958 British comedy film directed by David MacDonald and starring Phyllis Calvert, Alan White and Thorley Walters.

</doc>
<doc id="19204598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204598" title="Jerry Holman">
Jerry Holman

Jerry Holman is an American former professional basketball center. Jerry attended Humboldt High School. Holman played collegiately at the University of Minnesota, graduating in 2003. He played for minor American professional leagues, with the Kansas City Knights and Pennsylvania ValleyDawgs before moving to Turkey. Holman spent the 2005-06 season with Pınar Karşıyaka and the 2006-07 season with Galatasaray Café Crown.

</doc>
<doc id="19204599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204599" title="Benin at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Benin at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Benin sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. According to official records, the only athlete was powerlifter Blandine Sahenou.
Powerlifting.
Women

</doc>
<doc id="19204601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204601" title="Kincraig">
Kincraig

Kincraig () is a village located north of Kingussie and south of Aviemore in Highland, Scotland. The village lies at the side of the former A9 road and 100 metres away from the current A9. It has a shop, post office, pub, watersports centre and village hall. 

</doc>
<doc id="19204604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204604" title="HD 40873">
HD 40873

HD 40873 is variable star and multiple star.

</doc>
<doc id="19204628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204628" title="Devils in my Details">
Devils in my Details

Devils in my Details (2008) is the third album by electro-industrial band ohGr.

</doc>
<doc id="19204637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204637" title="Lackluster Me">
Lackluster Me

Lackluster Me is the second album released by the band Savoy. It was only officially released in Norway and Sweden. It sold a total of 15,000 copies there and received a Spellemannprisen nomination for best rock album. "Sycamore Leaves" was previously recorded by a-ha on their 1990 album "East of the Sun, West of the Moon".
Trivia.
"Flowers For Sylvia" is an homage to American poet Sylvia Plath.

</doc>
<doc id="19204642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204642" title="Burkina Faso at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Burkina Faso at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Burkina Faso sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. According to official records, the country's only athlete competed in cycling.
Cycling.
"Time trials & Road races"

</doc>
<doc id="19204655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204655" title="Goblins Gate">
Goblins Gate

Goblins Gate, or Goblin Gates, is a narrow gorge, about across, on the Elwha River in the U.S. state of Washington. It is located in Olympic National Park where the Elwha River enters Rica Canyon, east-southeast of Olympic Hot Springs.
Toponymist Smitty Parratt described Goblins Gate: "...the Elwha River swerves at a severe right angle and tumbles into an extremely narrow cliffside opening. Resembling two large gates such as might have been found on a medieval castle, the rock portals appear to reach out and suck the waters of the Elwha into their grasp, only to send them plummeting down a precipitous canyon in a headlong rush to sea level."
History.
Golblins Gate was given its name by members of the 1889–90 Seattle Press Expedition. Charles Barnes, one of the expedition's members, described Goblins Gate as "...like the throat of a monster, silently sucking away the water." And as a resembling "multitude of faces...with tortured expressions."
The chasm of Goblins Gate has been bridged twice. The first bridge was washed away during a flood event around the turn of the 20th century. The second eventually became a decaying hazard and was removed in 1935.
Natural history.
As part of the Elwha Ecosystem Restoration project, Olympic National Park fisheries biologists snorkel-surveyed for salmonids along the entire Elwha River. However, due to dangerous currents within Rica Canyon, Goblins Gate was one of the only areas, other than the Grand Canyon of the Elwha where the surveys could not take place.
Recreation.
Goblins Gate is the first stop along the Geyser Valley trail route along the Elwha River above Lake Mills within Olympic National Park. It is from the Whiskey Bend trailhead. After Goblins Gate, the trail continues onto Krause Bottom, Humes Ranch Cabin, and Dodger point bridge, before looping back up to the Elwha trail and back.

</doc>
<doc id="19204666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204666" title="Moy, Highland">
Moy, Highland

The village of Moy () is situated between the villages of Daviot and Tomatin, in the Highland region of Scotland. It sits beside Loch Moy and used to have a railway station on the Inverness and Aviemore Direct Railway.
Rout of Moy.
On 16th February 1746 Charles Edward Stuart spent the night at Moy Hall. To prevent the troops from Inverness descending on the estate in surprise during the night, Lady Anne Farquharson-MacKintosh sent her youngest son along with the blacksmith and two other retainers to watch the road from Inverness. Sure enough, during the night several hundred Hanoverian troops were detected marching down the road. The Mackintosh defenders started beating their swords on rocks, jumping from place to place and shouting the war cries of different clans in the Chattan Confederation. Thinking that they had been ambushed, the British troops retreated to Inverness, an event known as the Rout of Moy. There was only one casualty of this incident, the piper for the Hanoverian troops, possibly a McCrimmon of the famous MacCrimmon piping family, was killed.

</doc>
<doc id="19204671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204671" title="Second Fiddle">
Second Fiddle

Second Fiddle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19204701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204701" title="Aether (video game)">
Aether (video game)

Aether is a video game designed by Edmund McMillen and Tyler Glaiel and published by Armor Games. Released on September 3, 2008, it can be played for free online or downloaded for offline play. Players control a lonely boy and an octopus-like monster that the boy encounters, solving puzzles on different planets to restore them from monochrome to color. The pair travel through space by swinging on clouds and asteroids with the monster's elongated tongue, searching other planets for life to which the boy can relate. It is also a part of "The Basement Collection".
McMillen and Glaiel created the game and developed it in 14 days. Both developers expressed interest in seeing a version being released on the Wii game console through the WiiWare online service. Aether received a positive response from video game blogs for its unusual visual style and atmosphere. The single looped piece of background music received a mixed response and the controls were highlighted as an area of the game that could have been improved before release.
Gameplay.
"Aether" is a space adventure game with washed-out pastel colors and a varying soundtrack consisting of a piano, synthesizer, guitar, and percussion piece. There are four monochrome planets to explore, which have subdued hues. Players control a lonely boy from Earth and an octopus-like monster he befriends. The monster's tongue is used to propel itself and the boy through space and onto other planets. Each planet has a unique soundtrack that gets louder as you approach it. Each moon or planet exerts gravity over the player character, requiring momentum to escape from the planet's orbit. To escape a planet, the tongue must first be latched onto a cloud floating above the planet's surface, which can then be used to swing the player around. By propelling themselves from the initial cloud using swinging momentum, players can latch onto the next and repeat the process to leave the planet's orbit. After reaching space the process is repeated with stars and asteroids. In space the lack of gravity causes the player to drift until the direction is changed by swinging on another object. 
When travelling through space, players are drawn to a planet's orbit once they get close. Each planet's location is labeled with a colored marker which disappears once that planet's puzzle is solved. The player encounters characters who can be helped if a puzzle is solved. Each planet besides Earth has its own puzzle. The monster's ability to swing around objects is used in some of the game's puzzles. One puzzle involves swinging on the crystals which surround the core of a hollow planet called Gravida, without swinging on the same crystal twice or breaking the chain. Solving each planet's puzzle produces a flash of light, after which monochrome planets change to color, subdued pastel colors brighten, and the planet's unique soundtrack becomes permanent.
The game's plot describes a journey through a child's emotions and anxieties. After befriending the monster, the boy leaves Earth on the creature's back to look for life elsewhere in the galaxy. He hopes to find someone to relate to. The hollow planet Gravida's surface is patrolled by a creature that complains of stomach pains. This larger creature is followed by several tiny creatures, some of which ride on its back. One of these smaller inhabitants has fallen into the core of Gravida. Though it is isolated and lonely, the creature consoles itself that nobody can harm it. The planet Malaisus is composed of water, with a monster identical to the player's swimming around with a shoal of fish. The monster tells the player to leave. Planet Bibulon has two faces on opposite sides, one angry and one happy. A two-faced creature travels across the surface; one is happy and the other morose. Bibulon is orbited by four moons, each of which has differing opinions on an unnamed man or boy. When players find the planet Debasa, they discover that it is surrounded by a green fog. Gravity is very intense within the fog. Four orbiting satellites produce the fog, which has trapped two boys. Earth shrinks slightly after each planet has been completed. After restoring color to all the surrounding planets, the game is completed by returning to Earth. The Earth has shrunk until it is only slightly larger than the monster; it is destroyed when the boy and his monster land. Both fly upwards and land on the moon, where the boy is free to craft a future of his choosing.
Development.
"Aether" was created by Edmund McMillen and Tyler Glaiel, McMillen is a member of independent development studio Cryptic Sea and co-creator of the award winning "Gish". Glaiel runs his own independent studio, Glaiel Games, and develops Flash games for game and animation website Newgrounds. The game's graphics and story were created by McMillen, while Glaiel wrote the game's music and code. The game was developed in 14 days; McMillen found he could "ride off" Glaiel's inspiration and allowed the project to be completed quickly. "People being creative and taking risks with their work always is inspiring to me, honesty in art is also very inspiring," he stated.
McMillen's childhood experiences and fears were used for the game's themes of loneliness, nervousness, and fear of abandonment or rejection. The boy's journeys through space represent inward-thinking and imagination, planets represent fears and the inhabitants personify McMillen's childhood "inner demons". He was initially unsure as to whether or not he wished to release "Aether", since it was based on personal experiences and made him feel vulnerable. Glaiel created the game's planets and gameplay, designing the layout of the planets to convey the emotions involved in the game, but he did not know which planets would ultimately be used to relate to each emotion. He felt that the game's sense of emotion and mood was improved because development was not thoroughly planned from the outset. Both developers expressed a wish to port the game to the WiiWare service on the Wii video game console. "Aether" was released as part of McMillen's game and comic compilation CD "This is a Cry For Help" in early November 2008.
Reception.
The game was positively received by gaming blogs, though reviewers held mixed opinions about the controls. The story was compared to "The Little Prince", Antoine de Saint Exupéry's 1943 novella. "Aether"'s graphics were praised by reviewers. Alec Meer of website Rock Paper Shotgun described them as "beautiful to look at", Justin McElroy of Joystiq said the game has a "unique visual style" and described the pastel shades as attractive, and Peter Cohen of Macworld described them as a unique look composed of "cute characters with sometimes grotesque imagery". "StaceyG" of Jay Is Games found the music relaxing and called the game "a truly compelling experience with excellent atmosphere". Meer also enjoyed the game but found the looped piano music irritating. Nate Ralph of "Wired" found the game "hauntingly beautiful, if short".
Reviewers noted that the solution to some of the puzzles were unclear, further hindered by the planets' inhabitants, whose dialogue does not change when the planet's puzzle is completed. The tongue propulsion physics were said to be clumsy by StaceyG, who stated that, in conjunction with the gravity exerted by planets, it is more difficult to leave planets' surfaces than to navigate through space. Both Meer and StaceyG enjoyed the spacefaring aspect of the game, and Derek Yu of website TIGSource stated the controls "sometimes felt brilliant, at other times felt unresponsive and awkward." Patrick Dugan of Play This Thing saw potential in the tongue-swinging gameplay, noting that "Aether" appeared to be the first of a series. He suggested that more spatial elements, such as nebulae and black holes, would have made space flight more interesting. McMillen described "Aether" as "just the prelude to a larger experience", while Yu suggested that a larger game with improved controls "could be something better than great".
"Aether" received an Honorable Mention at IndieCade in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19204706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204706" title="Second Fiddle (1957 film)">
Second Fiddle (1957 film)

Second Fiddle is a 1957 British comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Adrienne Corri, Thorley Walters, Lisa Gastoni and Richard Wattis. The film was produced by Robert Dunbar for Act Films Ltd.
"Second Fiddle" is currently missing from the BFI National Archive, and is listed as one of the British Film Institute's "75 Most Wanted" lost films.

</doc>
<doc id="19204712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204712" title="Keysers Ridge, Maryland">
Keysers Ridge, Maryland

Keysers Ridge is an Unincorporated community in northern Garrett County, Maryland. It lies to the west of Grantsville on Interstate 68 and is bounded to the northwest by the Savage River State Forest. It is primarily known for its key location on Interstate 68 and U.S. Route 40. In the past, Keysers Ridge was feared by travelers on the National Road due to its very harsh weather conditions as a result of its location at the top of a ridge to the west of Negro Mountain. The most snowfall ever recorded in a single winter in Maryland was during the winter of 2009-10, when 262.5 inches of snow fell at Keysers Ridge in Garrett County.
References.
http://www.msa.md.gov/msa/mdmanual/01glance/html/weather.html

</doc>
<doc id="19204731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204731" title="Duncanston">
Duncanston

Duncanston is a scattered crofting and rural village, lying 3 miles east of Conon Bridge, on the Black Isle in Inverness, within the Scottish Highlands and is part of the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19204750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204750" title="Bronze Medal of Military Valor">
Bronze Medal of Military Valor

The Bronze Medal of Military Valor () is an Italian medal for gallantry. 
It was established by Charles Albert of Sardinia on 26 March 1833, along with the higher ranking Gold and Silver Medals for Military valor. 
These medals, as well as the "Croce di Guerra al Valor Militare" (War Cross of Military Valor - which can only be awarded in time of war) are established by the Royal Decree of 4 November 1932, in which their purpose is defined as "To distinguish and publicly honor the authors of heroic military acts, even ones performed in time of peace, provided that the exploit is closely connected with the purposes for which the Armed Forces are constituted, whatever may be the condition or quality of the author." 
During World War I, the medal was given out some 60,244 times for individual acts of heroism (compared to 38,614 Silver medals and 368 Gold Medals). 

</doc>
<doc id="19204751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204751" title="SC Wiener Neustadt">
SC Wiener Neustadt

SC Wiener Neustadt is an Austrian association football club based in Wiener Neustadt.
History.
FC Magna Wiener Neustadt obtained the right to play in the First League due to the collapse of SC Schwanenstadt caused by financial problems. SC Schwanenstadt's playing licence was taken over by Magna, who took their place in the First League. On 19 May, Austrian-Canadian business man Frank Stronach, the founder of Magna International, was elected president of the club.
The club played its first ever league game on 12 July 2008 against relegated side FC Wacker Innsbruck and lost 0–3. The remaining season was a lot more successful, culminating in the Austrian First League championship and promotion to the Austrian Bundesliga.
In late 2008 1. Wiener Neustädter SC decided to merge with FC Magna. In order to acknowledge the past of 1. SC, FC Magna was renamed SC Magna Wiener Neustadt, effective from 1 July 2009. In 2010 Magna decided to cooperate with SK Sturm Graz.

</doc>
<doc id="19204788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204788" title="Belarus at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Belarus at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Belarus competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19204804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204804" title="Gilbert Lévy">
Gilbert Lévy

Gilbert Levy ( ) is a French actor and voice actor, best known for voice work in the French version of "The Simpsons" animated sitcom, starting with the fifth season.
the voices of Moe, Lenny, Willie, Frink, Cletus, etc. He is also notable for dubbing over the roles of Jimbo, Jimmy, Mr. Mackey, etc. in the French dub of the animated sitcom "South Park". He has also voiced Harvey Bullock in "", and the Chief in "T.U.F.F. Puppy", among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19204811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204811" title="Tomich (village)">
Tomich (village)

Tomich () is a Victorian model conservation village situated in the Scottish Highlands at the western end of Strathglass, approximately 30 miles from Inverness.
The Village of Tomich is part of the Guisachan Estate and was created along with Guisachan farm to serve Guisachan House, which is now derelict and lies a further 1.5 miles to the west of the village and was the home of Lord and Lady Tweedmouth.
The golden retriever was first bred in Tomich by Dudley Marjoribanks, 1st Baron Tweedmouth.
Its picturesque beauty means that Tomich is now a popular holiday destination for those looking for fishing and walking holidays in the central highland area - see Tomich Holidays and Natural High Guiding both based in the village. Amenities in Tomich include a small country house hotel, a post office, bike hire and a swimming pool.

</doc>
<doc id="19204826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204826" title="Village of Daughters">
Village of Daughters

Village of Daughters is a 1962 British comedy film directed by George Pollock.
Plot.
Herbert Harris is a traveling salesman who makes his way into a remote Italian village to sell his wares. There, he finds many single and attractive women who all pursue him madly. He quickly learns that the village has all but one single man left, as the majority have left to find work. The only single man left is Antonio, a wealthy foreigner who is looking for a bride. Due to the large selection of women, a rule was created prior to the arrival of Harris, that the first outsider to enter the village would be the one to make the ultimate choice of the man's bride.
Reception.
According to MGM records the film made a loss of $268,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19204828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204828" title="Delny, Scotland">
Delny, Scotland

Delny () is a small village sitting beside the north end of the Cromarty Firth in the Scottish Highlands, and is within the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19204832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204832" title="Diocese of San Francisco">
Diocese of San Francisco

Diocese of San Francisco may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19204833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204833" title="Gavin Report">
Gavin Report

The Gavin Report was a San Francisco-based radio industry trade publication. The publication was founded by radio performer Bill Gavin in 1958. Its Top 40 listings were used for many years by programmers to decide content of programs. The publication was also responsible for running the Gavin Seminar, a convention for radio industry members.
Closure.
In February 2002, United Business Media, who had owned the Gavin Report since 1992, decided to close the publication. Gavin executives cited a lack of cooperation on the part of media conglomerates (specifically naming Clear Channel Communications and Infinity Broadcasting), as well as poor convention attendance as reasons for the closure.

</doc>
<doc id="19204838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204838" title="OBJREF">
OBJREF

OBJREF is the name of the structure of marshalled interfaces in COM and DCOM. Because COM interfaces can only be called directly from the context (like a thread, process or machine) where they originated, when they are needed in another context they are marshalled in this structure, which is then passed to the destination context where it is unmarshalled to a proxy that takes care of the necessary communication, for example passing messages or network packets or marshalling other interfaces passed in calls.
Format.
The layout of the structure is as follows:
The layout of DUALSTRINGARRAY is:
The string bindings are null-terminated records specifying connection information, like IP addresses, and the security bindings are null-terminated records specifying authentication information. Both arrays are null-terminated too.

</doc>
<doc id="19204842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204842" title="Maurizio Amati">
Maurizio Amati

Maurizio Amati (born 23 December 1944) is an Italian film producer. He has produced 74 films since 1965. He was born in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19204849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204849" title="Newfield, Highland">
Newfield, Highland

Newfield is a small hamlet in eastern Ross-shire, in the Highland area of Scotland. Newfield is located 3 miles south of Tain.

</doc>
<doc id="19204861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204861" title="Environment (film)">
Environment (film)

Environment is a 1917 silent film directed by James Kirkwood.
Plot.
Liz Simpkins is the daughter of town drunk John. While keeping the household, she falls in love with minister Henry Pennfield. Meanwhile, Mildred Holcombe, the daughter of the wealthy David, falls in love with artist Arnold Brice. One night, she is secretly at his place. Liz knows about her whereabouts and stops by to warn Mildred her brother Arthur is coming over. Mildred is able to sneak out just in time, but Arthur catches Liz in Brice's room.
This incident causes a big scandal. Because her father has recently died of alcoholism, it is decided Liz will be sent to an institution. The selfish Mildred begs Liz not to tell the truth, because her father will never forgive her if he finds out the truth. However, Henry witnessed the conversation and announces he will marry Liz.

</doc>
<doc id="19204884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204884" title="Symphony No. 42 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 42 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 42 in D major, Hoboken I/42, is a symphony by Joseph Haydn. The symphony was composed by 1771. It is scored for two oboes, two bassoons, two horns and strings.
The work is in four movements:
The first movement "is marked by the lively acciaccature that appear in the first bar." Generally in this period the winds were "tacet" for the slow movement, and here they are silent at first, but they come in later. The last movement has been described as a "novel use of the rondo form," and H. C. Robbins Landon even goes so far as to call it a "characteristic Haydnesque rondo" and perhaps the first such rondo, though others point out that it is not the sonata rondo that has come to be associated with Haydn.

</doc>
<doc id="19204885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204885" title="Min Kwon">
Min Kwon

Min Kwon (born Kwon, Min-Kyung) is a Korean-American pianist Chair of Keyboard Department and Professor of Music at Mason Gross School of the Arts, Rutgers University in New Jersey. Previously, she also taught piano minor and chamber music at The Juilliard School in New York.
Background.
Min Kwon began playing the piano at the age of three under the tutelage of her mother. She also studied violin and cello, and received the Music Award from the Korean Department of Education at the age of 12, making her debut as piano soloist with the Korean Symphony in Mendelssohn's Concerto No. 1, and performing Saint-Saëns Concerto No. 2 with the nationally televised Seoul Philharmonic. At the age of 14, she received a full scholarship to study at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, and made her North American debut with the Philadelphia Orchestra at the age of 16, performing the Prokofiev Concerto No. 3. While at Curtis, she studied with Eleanor Sokoloff and Leon Fleisher, and participated in the master classes of such artists as Richard Goode and Murray Perahia. After earning her Bachelor of Music degree at the age of 19, Min Kwon continued her studies at The Juilliard School with Martin Canin. She received MM and DMA degrees from Juilliard, and completed post-doctoral studies in Austria with Hanz Leygraf. As the winner of the Beethoven Competition, she made her New York debut in 1992 with the Juilliard Orchestra at the Avery Fisher Hall of Lincoln Center under Stanisław Skrowaczewski, performing Beethoven's Concerto No. 4. Other noted concerto collaborations include conductors such as James Conlon, Alan Gilbert, and Vaktang Jiordania. She made tours of South America with Orquesta Estaudo Mexico and Orquesta Sinforinca Venezuela, and appeared with all the major orchestras in Korea. Winner: Juilliard's Gina Bachauer International Piano Award (1995), the Kingsville International Competition, Van Cliburn Institute Competition, prizes: Jaen Int'l, Scottish Int'l, Dong-A Int'l, and Calabria Int'l; First Prize, New York Keyboard Institute and Festival Dorothy McKenzie Artist Awards; Grand Prize, Korea KBS Emerging Artists Awards.
Performances and critical acclaim.
Min Kwon has given solo and chamber recitals in Seoul, Singapore, Sydney, and to a sold out audience in New York's Carnegie Weill Recital Hall, as well as performed on numerous international stages, including the Colmar Festival in France, in Germany, Estonia, Norway, Malaysia, Curaçao, and Switzerland. Following her 2006 Carnegie Hall recital, the "New York Concert Review" wrote, "...sonic thunder and pianistic lightning… Min allowed for both simplicity and opulence and the results were gratifying." Her recital in Manila, Philippines, was praised in the "Philippine Inquirer" as "a ravishingly beautiful and powerful performance forging a special bond with the audience." Her performance of Olivier Messiaen Vingt Regards L'enfant Jesus on BBC TV prompted the critic of "The Herald" to write, "Very impressive, astonishingly gifted." Recent concerto engagements: Wiener Residenz Orchester, Vienna (Mozart K. 488), New York Sinfonietta (Haydn D), Manhattan Chamber Orchestra (Bach BWV 1516), Bucharest Philharmonic in Italy (Mozart K. 271), Daejun Philharmonic (Asian Premiere of Paul Schonfield's "Four Parables for Piano").
Min Kwon, together with her sister, violinist Yoon Kwon, were the first Koreans to record (in RCA's 100 year history) for Red Seal in 1995. Between 1994 and 2000, the duo has performed extensively under the (Columbia Artist Management Inc.) Community Concerts and IMG Artists Management. In addition to the duo album, Min has recorded solo piano works featured in "You and Me" and "Concerto Extravaganza". Featuring the music of Schubert and Liszt, her newest album was released in 2008 by MSR Classics, a collaboration with Grammy Award-winning producer, David Frost.
Teaching.
Min Kwon is in great demand around the world as a gifted and inspiring teacher. Her students have been accepted to many major conservatories, including the '"Juilliard School", Manhattan School of Music, Mannes College of Music, Peabody Conservatory, Eastman School of Music, and New England Conservatory, as well as truimphed in numerous competitions. 
Kwon often showcases her students at festivals where she is invited to teach, which have included the Kuhmo International Chamber Music Festival in Finland, and the Altenburg MozartFest in Austria. She has conducted master classes at Shanghai Conservatory, Beijing Central Conservatory, Hong Kong Academy of Fine Arts, Hong Kong University, Yong Siew Toh Conservatory of Singapore, and the Vladimir Feltsman PianoFest in SUNY New Paltz, New York, as well as served as a guest professor at London Royal College of Music and the International Keyboard Institute in Korea.
Other Notables.
Min, with her sister, Yoon, modeled for a Pantene Shampoo TV commercial in 2001. She was also seen on the Hour of Power with Robert Schuller, and was featured as the cover story "Maestro on Mediterranean" of "Virtuoso Magazine". Since 1996, Min Kwon is also the highest rated classical artist onboard Crystal Cruises, a 6-star award-winning cruise line, and was twice named their Classical Artist of the Year (2002 and 2005). Min Kwon has traveled to 62 countries.
Min has also contributed exclusive articles in Korean music publications, most notably "Piano Music", in which she interviewed such pianists as Kristjan Zimmerman, Yevgeny Kissin, Leif Ove Andsnes, Mitsuko Uchida, Murray Perhaia, and Pierre Laurent Aimard.
Discography.
1996 Yoon Kwon, Min Kwon / Min Kwon (works by Part, Brahms, de Falla, Gershwin, Kreisler)
2000 You and Me, Yoon and Min (works by Chopin, Rachmaninoff, Copland, Schonfield)
2005 Concerto Extravaganza (works by Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, Mendelssohn, Chopin, Grieg, Rachmaninoff)
2008 Schubert and Liszt (Schubert Sonata D 850, Schubert/Liszt Gretchen am Spinnrade, Liszt Gnomenreigen, Reminiscence de Don Juan)

</doc>
<doc id="19204893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204893" title="List of Iranian football champions">
List of Iranian football champions

The Iranian football champions are the annual winners of Iran Pro League, Iran's premier annual football league and former Azadegan League competition. The title has been contested since 1973, in varying forms of competition. While Persepolis has won a record 9 championship titles.
Winners.
Iran Pro League (2001- ).
Bold indicates Double winners - i.e. League and Hazfi Cup winners OR League and Champions League winners
"Italic" Indicates treble winners - i.e. League, Hazfi Cup and Champions League winners
Performances.
Clubs.
The following table lists the performance of each club describing winners of the Championship.
Total titles won by city.
The following table lists the Iranian football champions by city.
Total titles won by province.
The following table lists the Iranian football champions by Province.

</doc>
<doc id="19204896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204896" title="List of buildings and structures in Swansea">
List of buildings and structures in Swansea

This is a list of buildings and structures in the City and County of Swansea.

</doc>
<doc id="19204897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204897" title="Punchline (company)">
Punchline (company)

Punchline is a Japanese company that develops video games. It was founded by former Love-de-Lic employee Yoshiro Kimura. As of June 2006, the company had around 25 employees. Kimura currently works for Marvelous Interactive, leaving Punchline's current status in question.

</doc>
<doc id="19204926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204926" title="Basel Christian Church of Malaysia">
Basel Christian Church of Malaysia

The Basel Christian Church of Malaysia or BCCM () is one of the four Lutheran bodies in Malaysia. It currently has 112 congregations nationwide and 59,500 baptized members.
The current bishop of the Basel Christian Church in Malaysia is the Rev. Dr. Thomas Tsen Lip Tet 
History.
In the aftermath of the failed Taiping Rebellion in China, Hakka speaking Christians affiliated with the Basel Mission were viewed with suspicion by the Qing Government as the leader of the rebellion, Hong Xiuquan, was himself a Hakka who claimed to be a Christian. This resulted in an increase in the number of Hakka speaking refugees from China into the Southeast Asian region.
Early History.
With the establishment of a settlement by the British North Borneo Company in North Borneo in 1882, Chinese labourers were sought to develop the interior of the territory and the British North Borneo Company sent agents to Hong Kong in order to recruit these labourers. Rudolph Lechler of the Basel Mission enthusiastically supported the scheme and Hakka Christians from the Basel Mission and the Basel established Chongzhen Church (Tsung-Tsin Church or 崇真會) were recruited.
The pioneer batch of settlers consisted of 10 families who arrived in Kudat and proceeded to found a settlement in Lausan. Worship meetings were held on Sundays in one of the houses until the first attap roofed church building was built in the plantation of Lo Tai Hong in 1886. This became known as the Lausan Church and was the first Basel congregation organised in the territory.
Expansion and self support.
With the increase in the number of immigrant Hakka settlers from China, other congregations were organised in places and settlements like Kudat (1901), Papar (1903), Jesselton (1904), Sandakan (1907), Beaufort (1910), Tenom (1912), and Inanam (1914). The Basel Christians also pioneered formal Chinese language education in the territory when the first Chinese school was established in Kudat in 1886.
The first synod of the Basel churches in North Borneo was convened in Kudat in 1925 and following a challenge from the representative of the Basel Mission to practice self-reliance, organised themselves as the Borneo Self-Governing Basel Church under the leadership of the Rev. Wong Thien Nyuk.

</doc>
<doc id="19204935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204935" title="Vincent Canadé">
Vincent Canadé

Vincent Canadé (1879, San Giorgio Albanese, Italy - 1961, New York City, New York) was an American artist active during the 1920s and 1930s, often doing landscapes.
His paintings are included in the collections of over 20 museums, including the Hirshhorn Museum, the National Museum of American Art, the Whitney Museum of American Art and the Phillips Collection. He painted landscapes, portraits and still lifes.
His artwork also was published in "The Dial" (July 1925) and other publications. On April 10, 1927, "The New York Times" reviewed:
During the 1930s, he lived in Greenwich Village. Before living in Greenwich Village, he resided in the Bensonhurst section of Brooklyn. Vincent and Josephine Picciulo Canadé had six children,3 sons, Eugene, George and Vincet. Also 3 daughters, :Laura Canade Zigrosser, Celia Canade Raupp and Florence Canade Lambert.
His work today is represented by the Spanierman Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="19204958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204958" title="Eduardo Fajardo">
Eduardo Fajardo

Eduardo Fajardo (born 14 August 1924) is a Spanish (Galician) film actor. He appeared in over 160 films between 1947 and 2002. He was born in Pontevedra, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19204979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19204979" title="Tanjung Dawai">
Tanjung Dawai

Tanjung Dawai is a small town in Kedah, Malaysia. It is located 30 kilometer from Sungai Petani. Tanjung Dawai is a place which is known as seafood spot in Sungai Petani. a top place in Tanjung Dawai is Telok Bala beach.

</doc>
<doc id="19205026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205026" title="Hugh Crossley, 4th Baron Somerleyton">
Hugh Crossley, 4th Baron Somerleyton

The Rt. Hon. Hugh Francis Savile Crossley, 4th Baron Somerleyton (born 1971) is a British aristocrat and hotel owner.
Biography.
The fourth child and only son of Saville Crossley, 3rd Baron Somerleyton and his wife, he was raised at the family home of Somerleyton Hall in Lowestoft, Suffolk.
He developed a business within the entertainment industry, initially bringing the Eastern Haze Festival to Somerleyton Hall. He formerly owned two Dish Dash Persian restaurants in London operated under the company name Empty Quarter Restaurants, which were sold after his holding company went out of business in 2004. He presently owns the Fritton House hotel in Fritton, Norfolk.
Personal life.
In May 2008, he was described as the boyfriend of Jessica 'Jecca' Craig, a Kenyan socialite and former girlfriend of Prince William of Wales.
He later married Lara K. Bailey, who gave birth to the couple's first son, The Hon. John Crossley in February 2010. He succeeded to the title of Baron Somerleyton on the death of his father in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19205028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205028" title="Windsor Forest High School">
Windsor Forest High School

Windsor Forest High School is a public high school in the Windsor Forest section of Savannah, Georgia. Managed by the Savannah-Chatham County School Board of Education, its attendance area includes the southside Savannah neighborhoods of Windsor Forest, White Bluff, Wilshire, and Georgetown.
History.
Windsor Forest High School opened in the autumn of 1967. It was the city's first air-conditioned high school and included grades 7 through 12. In 1967, fifth-grade pupils from overcrowded Windsor Forest Elementary were temporarily housed in a wing of the new high school. For several years, Windsor's middle school students were fully drawn from the area south and west of Holland Drive, while its high school students came from a larger attendance zone that stretched north and east to the middle of Montgomery Crossroad. Two court-mandated busing plans (in summer 1970 and summer 1971) markedly changed this attendance area, bringing in minority students from the subdivisions of Cloverdale and Liberty City in Savannah and reassigning some of Windsor's white students to Jenkins High School (1970-71 attendance year) and then to formerly all-black Beach High (from fall 1971 until 1992). With the large-scale integration of the south-side in the 1990s, however, Windsor Forest High became the neighborhood school it was before busing. In 1975, middle school grades 7 and 8 were dropped and their students were transferred to new middle schools elsewhere in Chatham County.
In 1997, the NBC-TV newsmagazine "Dateline" featured a segment on Sherry Hearn, a former Teacher of the Year at Windsor. Hearn, dismissed from the faculty the previous year, had refused a drug test after police officers found marijuana in her unlocked car in a campus parking lot.

</doc>
<doc id="19205032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205032" title="1986 WCT Scottsdale Open – Singles">
1986 WCT Scottsdale Open – Singles

This was the first edition of the event.
John McEnroe won the title, defeating Kevin Curren 6–3, 3–6, 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19205052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205052" title="Opposition to the Indo-US civilian agreement in India">
Opposition to the Indo-US civilian agreement in India

The Indo-US civilian nuclear agreement was met with stiff opposition by some political parties and activists in India. Although many mainstream political parties including the Indian National Congress support the deal along with regional parties like Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam and Rashtriya Janata Dal its realisation has run into difficulties in the face of stiff political opposition in India. Also, in November 2007, former Indian Military chiefs, bureaucrats and scientists drafted a letter to Members of Parliament expressing their support for the deal. However, opposition and criticism continued at political levels. The Samajwadi Party (SP) which was with the Left Front in opposing the deal changed its stand after discussing with ex-president of India and scientist Dr A P J Abdul Kalam. Now the SP is in support of the government and the deal. The Indian Government survived a vote of confidence by 275-256 after the Left Front withdrew their support to the government over this dispute.
Political opposition.
Bharatiya Janata Party.
The main opposition party Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) which laid the groundwork for the deal criticized the deal saying that the deal in its present form was unacceptable to the BJP and wanted the deal renegotiated. The BJP had asked the government not to accept the deal without a vote in the parliament. However, the government remained steadfast on its commitment to the deal and has refused to back down on the agreement. Veteran BJP leader Lal Krishna Advani, in a statement to the Indian Express newspaper, seemed to indicate willingness to support the government provided some legislative measures. However his party refused to follow that line and stuck to its earlier stand.
Supply of uranium and testing-bans.
IBN reported:
Left Front.
The primary opposition to the nuclear deal in India, however, comes from the Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI(M))and its parliamentary allies (Communist Party of India, Revolutionary Socialist Party (India), All India Forward Bloc) November 17 the left parties had provisionally agreed to let the government initiate talks with the IAEA for India specific safeguards which indicated that they may support. The CPI(M), an external parliamentary supporter of government as it stipulates conditions that in some areas are more severe than the clauses in either the NPT or the CTBT. They alleged that the deal would undermine the sovereignty of India's foreign policy and also claimed that the Indian government was hiding certain clauses of the deal, which would harm India's indigenous nuclear program, from the media. On July 9, 2008, the Left Front withdrew support to the government reducing its strength to 276 in the Lok Sabha (the lower house of the parliament). The government survived a confidence vote in the parliament on July 22, 2008 by 275-256 votes in the backdrop of defections from both camps to the opposite camps.
United Nationalist Progressive Alliance (UNPA).
The United Nationalist Progressive Alliance (UNPA) was divided over support of the nuclear deal. While the Samajwadi Party supported it after consultations with Abdul Kalam, the other members of the UNPA led by the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) opposed it saying that the deal is against India's interest. The SP was eventually suspended from the UNPA.
Bahujan Samaj Party.
The Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) also opposed the nuclear deal, saying that it was anti-Muslim. The party joined hands with the Left Front and the TDP in voting against the government in Parliament on the nuclear deal.
Others.
In 2006, some Indian ex-nuclear scientists had written an appeal to Indian Members of Parliament to ensure that "decisions taken today do not inhibit India's future ability to develop and pursue nuclear technologies for the benefit of the nation".
Various Indian political and scientific personalities have repeatedly expressed concerns that the United States may use the India-US civilian nuclear agreement as a diplomatic weapon if Indian foreign policy was not in conformity with geopolitical interests of the US.
References.
Protests to greet Manmohan in US
Protests and rallies are likely to greet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh when he arrives in the US on September 22, a NDTV.com report. [http://www.ndtv.com/convergence/ndtv/story.aspx?id=NEWEN20080066226]

</doc>
<doc id="19205070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205070" title="Svetozar Delić">
Svetozar Delić

Svetozar Delić (August 31, 1885 in Petrinja, Croatia, then part of Austro-Hungary – October 25, 1967 in Samobor, Croatia, then part of SFR Yugoslavia) was the first communist mayor of Zagreb, Croatia. Although he is known for his work in the early Yugoslav communist organization "Napred," Delić is mostly recognized for being the mayor with the shortest term in the history of Zagreb. His term lasted only three days before Delić was fired and another three days before he was expelled from city hall.
Personal life.
Svetozar Delić was born to Tomo and Franciska Delić née Hula. He attended a realschule in Zagreb and graduated in 1905. He was not accepted to the University of Vienna so he became a clerk at the Zagreb County Workers' Insurance Fund. This job motivated him to become a communist as he noticed the social stratification in favor of the wealthy.
Delić was married on May 11, 1913 to Paulina Wallner, an Evangelical Catholic from Austria. He had two children, one of whom, Dr. Svetozar Delić, fought in World War II for the partisans.
Work in "Napred".
Upon becoming a resident of Zagreb in 1910, Delić, together with Josip Cimermančić, became involved in the work of the recently formed communist organization, "Napred," becoming one of its first 50 members. During this time, the organization started to flourish and became more involved in Zagreb politics, increasing the number of its members 18-fold and its financial capital by almost 200 times between 1914 and 1919. This advance is astonishing, because it occurred during World War I in an area heavily influenced by famine, bombardment, and other war-time problems. Delić rose to a high-ranking position in the organization, becoming heavily involved in its marketing in the Zagreb newspapers "" and "Sloboda" to attract new members. He also took loans to increase the stability and capital of the organization. Contrary to the trend toward recession then present in the aftermath of the war, organization "Napred" had bought over 36 million krones worth of various products.
The three-day mayor.
On March 21, 1920, city council elections were held. The emerging Socialist Workers' Party of Yugoslavia (communists), SRPJ(k) (renamed the very next year to become the Communist Party of Yugoslavia), attracted votes all over Croatia and the rest of Yugoslavia. In Zagreb the party received 7,011 out of 17,852 votes cast. Although the voters constituted less than a sixth of Zagreb's population, SRPJ(k) won 20 seats in the city council and was entitled to elect the city mayor. A large crowd of more than 50,000 people from Zagreb and its surroundings gathered on the Ban Jelačić Square and Saint Mark's Square to find out the result of the elections and later celebrate the win of SRPJ(k).
The next day, Svetozar Delić was chosen as president of the SRPJ(k) delegates in the city council. Two weeks later, in early April, Delić gave a speech directed against the opponents of communism, accusing them of restricting the freedoms of the general population. The mayoral elections were conducted on April 16, 1920 by the two-round voting system. Svetozar Delić and Stjepan Srkulj, the mayor whose term just ended, each failed to get more than 50%, but managed to get into the second round. The second round was won by Delić with 27 votes against Srkulj's 14.
The ruling Serbian Karađorđević dynasty perceived rising communism and the elections of numerous communist mayors such as Delić all over the country as a threat to the monarchy and ordered measures to be taken to prevent them from gaining influence in politics. The following day, on April 17, the ban Matko Laginja barred all public and city hall meetings according to an old 1875 law. At 9 a.m. on April 18, Delić received a phone call from the ban's advisor Dragutin Tončić, relieving him of his duty and disbanding the city council. Delić requested a written notification in an attempt to make his term longer, although his fate was already sealed. Later that day the Regional Government sent Delić a written notice of Tončić's takeover. Delić refused to cooperate.
Termination.
The next day, Delić was relieved of duties and his pay was suspended. A criminal procedure was started against him and other SRPJ(k) delegates, but that did not convince him to leave the city hall. His first act that day was to notify other delegates of the dismissal of the scheduled April 22 meeting, which was supposed to be the first meeting of the newly formed city council. However, Delić later re-scheduled and held the meeting on April 22. The meeting was held under a siege by gendarmerie and army troops surrounding the building, as Delić locked himself and 27 present councilmen inside, trying to perform mayoral duties while under suspension. The quorum was confirmed to be met and the minutes were signed, but nothing else could have been accomplished before officer Vragović and his 30 men broke into the city hall and arrested Delić and all attending councilmen. Even at six days, Delić's term is the shortest term in the history of Zagreb mayors.
On the following day, April 23, public protests were held to convince the government to return Delić, but they failed and Dragutin Tončić became the new mayor. A few months later, Tončić yielded power to a new, politically neutral, mayor, Vjekoslav Heinzel, who would retain office for the following eight years.
In 1923 Delić left politics.

</doc>
<doc id="19205082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205082" title="The Crai-EPs 1993/1994">
The Crai-EPs 1993/1994

The Crai-EPs 1993/1994 is a compilation of two EPs released by the band Catatonia; "For Tinkerbell" (the first five tracks) and "Hooked" (the last three tracks).
The tracks "For Tinkerbell", "Gyda Gwen" (Welsh version of "New Mercurial Heights") and "Sweet Catatonia" later appeared on the album "Way Beyond Blue" as newly recorded versions. "Gyda Gwen" as a secret track at the end of the record.
The "Hooked" portion of this compilation had already been previously released in 1995 as part of another EP compilation by the band titled "The Sublime Magic of Catatonia".

</doc>
<doc id="19205084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205084" title="WCT Invitational">
WCT Invitational

The WCT Invitational was a professional tennis tournament held from 1978–1981. The tournament was held in Forest Hills, New York on clay courts from 1978–79 and in Salisbury, Maryland on indoor carpet from 1980–81. The singles event was played as a round-robin format and a doubles event was played when the tournament was held in Forest Hills, also in a round-robin format.

</doc>
<doc id="19205094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205094" title="You Might as Well Try to Fuck Me">
You Might as Well Try to Fuck Me

"You Might as Well Try to Fuck Me" is The Music's second EP, and their first release on Hut Records. Only one of the four tracks would appear on their debut album a year later, albeit in a different arrangement. No videos were produced for the EP.
Track listing.
± This is not the same version that appears on The Music
Personnel.
Produced and mixed by Lenny Franchi at the Townhouse, London

</doc>
<doc id="19205106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205106" title="Big Savage Mountain">
Big Savage Mountain

The two Big Savage Mountain (Maryland and Pennsylvania) summits are part of Savage Mountain. The peak of Big Savage Mountain in Maryland is High Rock, at 2986 feet. 

</doc>
<doc id="19205108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205108" title="Harry Wetter">
Harry Wetter

Harry Wetter (3 February 1882 - 4 February 1934) was an English-born international, rugby union centre who played club rugby for Newport and county rugby with Glamorgan and Monmouthshire. He won just two caps for Wales but is most notable for being a member of the Newport team that beat the 1912 touring South African team. He was also a member of the Wales bowls and baseball team.
Rugby career.
Wetter first played rugby for Pill Harriers the notoriously hard team from Newport Docks. He switched to first-class team Newport in 1903 and in 1906 was chosen for the Newport team to face Paul Roos's touring South African team. Although Newport lost the match, Wetter would win the return match when he faced the second touring South African team, again with Newport, in 1912.
In 1912, Wetter won his first Welsh cap against the touring South Africans, in a game at the Cardiff Arms Park. His only other match for his country was against England in 1913, Wales lost badly and Wetter was one of eight players that were never selected for Wales again.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19205120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205120" title="The Main Attraction (film)">
The Main Attraction (film)

The Main Attraction is a 1962 British drama film directed by Daniel Petrie and starring Pat Boone, Nancy Kwan and Mai Zetterling. The music soundtrack was written by Pat Boone/Jeff Corey and performed by Pat Boone himself.
Synopsis.
An unscrupulous drifter causes problems for a small European circus.
Plot Summary.
The Main Attraction is a cute and romantic story, featuring the neat and wholesome Eddie (Pat Boone) who tries to transform himself into a cooler guy. Eddie works in an Italian café but is fired when he is caught hanging with some troublemakers. At the same time he meets Gina (Mai Zetterling) who is a ventriloquist in a visiting circus. Soon enough Eddie helps Gina out with her act and they become lovers. All is well until Eddie moves on to falling in love with another circus performer, Tessa (Nancy Kwan), which makes his life a lot more complicated.

</doc>
<doc id="19205126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205126" title="Ennio Balbo">
Ennio Balbo

Ennio Balbo (18 April 1922 – 18 June 1989) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 45 films between 1958 and 1988.
He was born in Naples, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19205127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205127" title="List of schools in Swansea">
List of schools in Swansea

This is a list of schools in the city and county of Swansea, Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="19205135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205135" title="St. Thomas Anglican Church (Shanty Bay, Ontario)">
St. Thomas Anglican Church (Shanty Bay, Ontario)

St. Thomas Anglican Church is an historic Gothic Revival style Anglican church building located at 28 Church Street, in Shanty Bay in the township of Oro-Medonte in Simcoe County, Ontario, Canada.
History.
It was built of rammed earth or "pisé de terre" or simply "pisé" between 1838 and 1841 by local craftsmen. The axe marks on the hand hewn wooden forms used for the rammed earth are still visible. Its steep pitched roof, lancet windows and entrance tower are typical of Gothic Revival churches. It was consecrated on February 27, 1842, and is still an active Anglican church.
The church construction was begun by Lieutenant-Colonel W.E. O'Brien, who also was the progenitor of Shanty Bay, the village the church is in. Lieutenant-Colonel O'Brien raised the 35'th Simcoe Foresters, who will later become the Grey and Simcoe Foresters. their guidon is displayed to the left of the main door, in the main area of the church.
Current.
The Rev. Janet Read-Hockin is the current rector. The church's burying ground is located on its right side.
Notable Rectors.
The Rev. Canon Stephen Peake was rector of St. Thomas from 1998-2005. Peake recently placed 3rd in the Anglican Bishop Election by the diocese of Toronto.
Status as a heritage site.
The church is a provincial heritage site. To the left front of the church building there is a plaque erected by the Archaeological and Historic Sites Board of the Department of Public Records and Archives of Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="19205136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205136" title="Kupang, Kedah">
Kupang, Kedah

Kupang is a town in Kedah, Malaysia, within the Baling Districts, about five kilometers west of Baling.

</doc>
<doc id="19205145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205145" title="Diocese of Sant' Angelo de' Lombardi-Bisaccia">
Diocese of Sant' Angelo de' Lombardi-Bisaccia

The former Italian Catholic Diocese of Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi-Bisaccia, in the Province of Avellino, Southern Italy, existed until 1921. In that year it was united into the Archdiocese of Conza-Campagna, to form the Archdiocese of Conza-Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi-Bisaccia.
History.
The Diocese of Sant' Angelo de' Lombardi was created under Pope Gregory VII, but its first known bishop is Thomas, in 1179, when the see was a suffragan of the archdiocese of Conza. In 1540 under the episcopate of Rinaldo de' Cancellieri, it was united to the Diocese of Bisaccia (the ancient Romulea); it appears first as a bishopric in 1179. Another of its prelates, Ignazio Cianti, O.P. (1646), was distinguished for his learning. In 1664 the see was almost completely destroyed.
In 1818 it was incorporated with the See of Monteverde, the earliest known bishop of which is Mario (1049), and which in 1531 was united to the Archdiocese of Canne and Nazareth, from which it was later separated.

</doc>
<doc id="19205150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205150" title="Aaron Cove">
Aaron Cove

Aaron Cove (sometimes called Aaron's Cove) is the name of a bay and a community in the Eagle River district in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19205164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205164" title="Things Can Only Get Better (Howard Jones song)">
Things Can Only Get Better (Howard Jones song)

"Things Can Only Get Better" was released as the first single from Howard Jones' 1985 album "Dream Into Action", reaching #6 in the UK Singles Chart and #5 in the United States on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. Curiously, the song also crossed over to the R&B charts in America, peaking at #54 (a rarity for a white artist at the time).
A typically upbeat Jones composition, it was one of two songs from the album to feature all-female singing group Afrodiziak on backing vocals. John Leland from Spin magazine wrote that "It mines the best of the Anglo soul movement: a clean slap-bass line, precise horns and synths, and some well-paced and inviting singing".
The main B side was another album track from the UK version of the album, "Why Look For The Key", although with a slightly longer fade that made it about twenty seconds longer than the version on the UK version of "Dream Into Action". "You Jazzy Nork!" is a reworked instrumental version of "Why Look For The Key" performed by the Alphonse Conway Orchestra.
The cover of the 12" single featured a photograph of Jones, in profile, sitting in a high bar stool. This image was used in silhouette for the 7" artwork, the single being issued in several alternative sleeves with different colour backgrounds. 
The song was also featured in "" expansion pack, and an episode of "Everybody Hates Chris".
Track listing.
Both a 7" and 12" picture disc were released with the same tracks as the standard formats.
Remixes.
In 2005, Swedish DJ Eric Prydz released a remixed version and renamed it "And Do You Feel Scared?". It is featured on the video game "2006 FIFA World Cup" as one of the many EA Trax that appear in the game.
In 2013, French house music artist Cedric Gervais released a song featuring the vocal track from Howard Jones' original song. It too was titled "Things Can Only Get Better".

</doc>
<doc id="19205165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205165" title="Battersea Park rail crash (1937)">
Battersea Park rail crash (1937)

The Battersea Park rail crash occurred on 2 April 1937, just south of Battersea Park railway station on the Southern Railway, in London. Two electrically driven passenger trains collided on the Up Local line; the second train, from Coulsdon to Victoria, had been allowed into the section while it was still occupied by the first train, from London Bridge to Victoria. The signalman at Battersea Park, G. F. Childs, believing there was a fault with the Sykes electromechanical interlocking apparatus which was installed at the box, had opened up the case of the instrument and inadvertently cleared the interlock which should have prevented this situation. The official enquiry ruled that he subsequently accepted the Coulsdon train, although he should have been aware that the London Bridge train had not cleared the section. Ten people were killed, including the guard of the London Bridge train, and seven people seriously injured.
Another accident had occurred at Battersea Park in 1881.
Sequence of events.
On 2 April 1937, Battersea Park signal box was operated by Relief Signalman G. F. Childs, rather than the usual signalman (F. W. Harvey). Although Childs was a very experienced and well-respected signalman, and had been passed as competent to operate the box two weeks previously, this was the first time he had operated it unsupervised, and he had never operated it during the morning rush-hour. During the course of the morning, he made several mistakes, the last one of which was the direct cause of the accident.
The various boxes on this section of the railway used Sykes electromechanical "Lock and Block" interlocking, which used treadles to detect the presence of trains on the line rather than electrical track circuits, and prevented unsafe signal indications by mechanically locking the signal slides in the box, rather than interrupting an electrical circuit. A feature of the Sykes system was that the various actions needed to set up a route for a train and clear the appropriate signals had to be completed in the correct order, otherwise the apparatus would lock up and require releasing. On the boxes to the south of Battersea Park, the apparatus could be released by the signalman alone using a key, but Battersea Park and the boxes to the north required the signalman to request a release from the next box in the chain - for Battersea Park, this was Battersea Pier box. This procedure required the signalman making the request to send a bell signal, then for both signalmen to press the appropriate button in their respective boxes - the interlocking would only be released if both buttons were pressed simultaneously.
Childs' first mistake occurred at approximately 0605, when his apparatus locked up after the passage of a boat train. In his evidence to the enquiry, he described this as a "treadle failure", but it was ruled that the lock-up had been due to his operation of two signals in the wrong order. He was able to clear the interlocking in this case without requiring permission from any other box.
Between 0757 and 0804, no fewer than ten trains were due to pass Battersea Park, and Childs was working under considerable pressure. The three trains directly involved in the accident were the 0737 train from London Bridge to Victoria, referred to in the report as the "South London" train, the 0730 from London Bridge to Victoria via Tulse Hill, referred to as the "London Bridge" train, and the 0731 from Coulsdon to Victoria, the "Coulsdon" train. All three trains were due to depart Battersea Park on the Up Local line, the South London train from the Wandsworth Road line, and the other two from the Clapham Junction line; the box immediately on the country side of this line from Battersea Park was Pouparts Junction. Childs accepted the South London train at 0758, and the London Bridge train at 0759, intending to hold the London Bridge train at the Up Local home signal until the South London train had cleared the section. He made his second mistake at this point; he failed to put the switch-hook on the Clapham line Up Local plunger, which had to be pressed to accept a train on the line. The switch-hook would both mechanically prevent the plunger being depressed, and electrically prevent the block indicator at Pouparts Junction from showing "Line Clear".
While attempting to allow the South London train into the station, Childs made his third mistake; he attempted to clear the home signal for this train before setting the points correctly. This again caused the Sykes apparatus to lock up, and, on this occasion, it would have to be released by Battersea Pier box. Childs sent the bell signal, but (his fourth mistake), he pressed the wrong release button, leaving the apparatus locked. Rather than attempting the release again, or contacting Battersea Pier by telephone to investigate the problem, Childs assumed the apparatus had failed, and decided to open the case and reset it manually. He was permitted to do this by the regulations then in force, but this procedure should only have been used in an emergency. While resetting the signal slide for the South London train, Childs inadvertently also cleared the interlock for the London Bridge train, which was still standing at the home signal. This caused the block indicator at Pouparts Junction to return to "Line Clear", as it was not being held on by the switch-hook circuit.
The signalman at Pouparts Junction (T. P. G. Hillman) then offered the Coulsdon train forward. He should not have done this until he had received the "Train out of Section" bell signal for the London Bridge train, which Childs denied strongly that he had sent. The enquiry made no definite ruling on this point - it was possible that Hillman had mistaken another bell signal relating to a down train for the "Train out of Section" signal. However, Childs' fifth and fatal mistake then occurred. He pressed the plunger to accept the Coulsdon train, and, as the enquiry ruled, sent the acceptance bell signal to Hillman. Hillman cleared his signals, and the Coulsdon train entered the occupied section at approximately 40 mph.
The driver of the Coulsdon train initially thought that the London Bridge train was on another line, and only realised there was a conflict a few seconds before the accident. He made an emergency brake application, but the speed was not significantly reduced. The leading car of the Coulsdon train overrode the rear car of the London Bridge train, completely destroying the wooden bodywork of all but one of its compartments. Nine of the ten fatalities occurred in this car. The leading car of the Coulsdon train also suffered considerable damage, but there was no significant damage to any other car of either train, and neither train derailed.
Causes.
The immediate cause of the accident was Childs' acceptance of the Coulsdon train into the occupied section. The interlocking apparatus should have prevented him doing so, but his interference with it, and his failure to apply the switch-hook, rendered the interlocking ineffective.
Recommendations.
The enquiry recommended that the paragraph of the rules which permitted signalmen to manually reset the apparatus in an emergency should be deleted, so that any such maintenance tasks would only be performed by qualified linemen, and that the conversion of the signalling in the area from electromechanical interlocking to entirely electrical track circuiting should be expedited.

</doc>
<doc id="19205169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205169" title="Abbott Cove">
Abbott Cove

Abbott Cove (sometimes written Abbot Cove) is a bay and community in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
The 1913 McAlpine Gazeteer lists the community in Twillingate district and states that the nearest post town is Fortune Harbour.
An 1884 pilot guide discusses an Abbot Cove in Notre Dame Bay:

</doc>
<doc id="19205175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205175" title="Morane-Saulnier MS.315">
Morane-Saulnier MS.315

__NOTOC__
The Morane-Saulnier MS.315 is a primary training monoplane designed and built in France by Morane-Saulnier.
Development.
The MS.315 was developed from the earlier MS.300 primary trainer and related variants and first flew in October 1932. The MS.315 is a parasol-wing monoplane with a tailwheel, with divided main landing gear, and powered by a 135hp (101kW) Salmson 9Nc radial engine. A production run of 346 aircraft followed the four prototypes (including 33 built after the Second World War). Five high-powered MS.317/2 variants were also produced for the civil market, and a single MS.316 was built, powered by a Regnier inverted Vee engine. 
In the 1960s 40 MS.315 used as civil glider tugs were modified with a 220hp (164kW) Continental W-670K radial engine and re-designated the MS.317.

</doc>
<doc id="19205177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205177" title="Ladies Who Do">
Ladies Who Do

Ladies Who Do is a 1963 British comedy film starring Peggy Mount, Robert Morley and Harry H. Corbett.
Plot summary.
Mrs. Cragg (Peggy Mount) works as a charwoman (part-time domestic servant) for retired Colonel Whitforth (Robert Morley) and as a cleaner at an office block in London. It is whilst doing her city cleaning that she retrieves a half smoked cigar as a gift for the Colonel and unwittingly wraps it in a scrap of paper discarded by a property financier named James Ryder (Harry H. Corbett).
On receiving his cigar, the Colonel discovers that the scrap of paper actually contains details of a city takeover bid and unscrupulously uses this insider information to make £5000 on the stock market, which he shares with Mrs Cragg. This new-found wealth prompts the pair, together with three other ‘chars’ who are Mrs Cragg's neighbours in Pitt Street, to form the company 'Ladezudu': a speculation syndicate headed by Whitforth with the ladies providing insider information collected from bins at their respective offices. All is going well until an ill-timed investment in Irish pigs wipes out all their capital as swine fever kills their stock.
It is then that Mrs Cragg discovers that Ryder is planning the demolition and redevelopment of Pitt Street. As the bulldozers arrive and no assets to assist them, can the 'ladies who do' save their street and take on the city executives single-handedly?
DVD release.
"Ladies Who Do" was released on DVD in the UK on 24 March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19205178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205178" title="How to Host a Murder">
How to Host a Murder

How to Host a Murder is a long-running series of boxed murder mystery games published by Decipher, Inc.. Players take on the roles of suspects after a murder has occurred, all attempting to expose which one of them is the murderer. The first, "The Watersdown Affair," was published in 1983. Sixteen other "How to Host a Murder" games have been published since, and the line has also spun off into lines like "How to Host a Teen Mystery", a single adult "How to Host a Mystery", the kids games "How to Host a Kids Party" & "How to Host a Scavenger Hunt", and the more romantically inclined "How to Host a Romantic Evening". The last release was in 2003, but Decipher recently announced new material relating to the series would be appearing on their website, suggesting new releases may occur soon. Decipher's website has been updated to announce that these new games are coming in Winter 2013.
The Games.
"How To Host a Murder Editions"
"How To Host A Teen Mystery Editions"
The Watersdown Affair.
It is January 1936 at an English country mansion. Sir Roger Watersdown, the wealthy owner of Watersdown Beverages, Ltd., has invited several friends to a weekend party in the countryside at his mansion. But soon murder is discovered, and the friends must decide who among them committed the crime. Perhaps the answer to this crime can be found in a deeper investigation of the setting and the relationships between host and guests? How too, too awful a beginning to a country weekend.
By separate invitation, you and a select few others have been invited to Watersdown Mansion as the weekend guests of Sir Roger Watersdown. As Sir Roger's guest, I thought you might be interested in some information about the mansion and, perhaps, about the other guests that will be present during your stay. I have enclosed a brief biography of each guest. Watersdown Mansion is an old, elegant stone building situated in Yorkshire, England, and constructed in 1817. The original owner, Lord Balmy Farfrummit, made his fortune selling English pig iron to the French after Bonaparte's defeat in 1815. Roger Watersdown acquired the entire Farfrummit holdings in 1925 after the tragic death of Viscount Farfrummit aboard his sailing yacht, Frummit's Ferry, which foundered during a fierce storm off Falmouth Harbor. Sir Roger, as you may know, is the principal shareholder of the giant conglomerate Watersdown Beverages Ltd., and known far and wide as a jovial host. Female guests are cautioned that Sir Roger, after consumption of his customary evening cocktails, tends to become something of a letch. I welcome you on behalf of Sir Roger and the entire Watersdown Mansion household, and I hope your stay will be a pleasant one.
Characters.
Dr. Praktiss is a wealthy, well-liked Harley Street physician with a growing reputation as "Healer to the Rich and Famous." He is Sir Roger Waterdown's personal physician and frequent bridge partner at The Gribbley, an exclusive London card club to which they both belong. A charming gentleman with many female friends, he has never married. His close friends call him "Mal." 
Costume Suggestion: Doctor's garb, stethoscope, scrub suit. 
A beautiful and talented young American actress, Miranda is becoming known for her maturing talent and classic profile. Critically acclaimed for her portrayal of Miss Hardcastle in "She Bends Over to Conquer", a film by Oliver Goldmint, she is becoming quite popular in film circles. This cinematic triumph brought her before the public eye and launched her serious drama career. She is beginning to enjoy the rewards of success and an expanding circle of influential friends. Sir Roger has financed some of her dramatic appearances. To close friends she is known as "Randy." 
Costume Suggestion: Sensuous, slinky - low-backed gown and feather boa. 
Kidnapped in infancy by his nurse, Roger is Sir Roger's long-lost illegitimate son. He is traveling in Europe studying the architecture and masonry of baronial castles and manors. Though planning to become an architect, he has taken advantage of his stay in Europe to indulge in a favorite hobby, mountain climbing. Sir Roger, having discovered that "Rog" is his son, has made him welcome at Watersdown Mansion. At Watersdown, he is called "Rog" to avoid confusion. 
Costume Suggestion: Climber's kit - beret, khaki shorts and shirt, climbing axe and boots. 
A renowned author of English mystery novels, Dame Bigh has enjoyed great popularity and success since her best seller, "The Knife Slices Coldly", was published two years ago. Since that time, her writing has been generously praised for its lifelike characterization of the criminal mind. The Dame is a guest at Watersdown to gather material and set the mood for her new book, which is a sequel to "The Knife" . . .Sir Roger is a great admirer of her work. Dame Bigh is known as "Ali" to close friends. 
Costume Suggestion: A long, flowing dress, not too low-cut, dignified but not spinsterish
Solicitor Bates is Sir Roger's lawyer, personal advisor and talented golfing companion. His legal practice consists of handling Sir Roger's business affairs and, of course, frequent rounds of golf during which much business is accomplished. He is a director and board member of Watersdown Beverages Ltd. and a frequent guest at Watersdown Mansion. Solicitor Bates' country home, Whole-In-Won, adjoins the Watersdown estate and features a private driving range. By his friends, he is called "Pro." 
Costume Suggestion: Vested suit and briefcase or golfer's attire. 
Donald is not only Sir Roger's nephew, but at age 35 he has established himself as a successful city banker and brilliant financial strategist. Recently featured in the "People to Watch" section of the influential Banker's Fashion News, Donald is developing a wide range of international associations which are proving quite valuable to his career. Donald and his wife, Florence, are at Watersdown Mansion to discuss a business proposal. In the family Mr. Brooks is known as "Donny." 
Costume Suggestion: Businessman's dark gray suit. 
Heiress to the fortune of the Earl and Lady Wing, both of whom are still living, Florence Brooks is Donald's socialite wife. Incredibly beautiful, Florence was well known as the "Far Eastern Eye Shadow" girl during her years as a fashion model. Her career ended with her high-society marriage to Mr. Brooks. Since her marriage, Florence and her husband have traveled extensively, many of those trips being to exotic international locales. She exudes a charm and vivaciousness that serve to enhance her husband's thriving business connections. Her parents call her "Flo." 
Costume Suggestion: High fashion gown or evening pajamas. 
Eiaguielle is Sir Roger's confidential secretary, a highly talented and motivated person. Since the death of Lady Watersdown four years ago, she has often acted as hostess at Watersdown Mansion's weekend parties. She is in charge of virtually all operations at the mansion. Because her name is so long, friends call her "E.R.A." 
Costume Suggestion: Dress with lace collar and sleeves; granny glasses; steno notebook; very proper.
Grapes of Frath.
Version one.
Motor Yacht Gilded Vessel:
As an invited guest of Archibald Frath and a passenger aboard the Gilded Vessel, you will be interested to know some of the details of the yacht and the cruise you will be making aboard her. The passenger list for the cruise is appended. The Gilded Vessel is 142 feet in length, modern and luxuriously appointed throughout. She has eight guest staterooms, four to port and four to starboard, and M. Frath's stateroom aft. The Grand Salon and canopied On Deck Lounge are the center of social activities on board. The yacht carries a crew of 22 under the command of Captain Meirre, a master seaman whose exploits in the Mediterranean are legendary. Equally legendary is the ship's fare, concocted by a galley staff of 7 overseen by Master Chef, Francois Pigout. Guests will meet the yacht in Monte Carlo on June 7, 1925, and should plan to board some time between 9:30am and 12:00noon. Luncheon will be served in the On Deck Lounge at 12:30pm and the yacht will depart at 2:00pm for a short cruise to the first night's anchorage, a small island situated 6 nautical miles south of Cap D'Antibes.
Characters.
Lucie, as she is known in Paris society, is a young Parisienne and tres a la vogue. A rising star in the social lights of Paris, she has left a trail of broken-heated suitors, young and old, rich and famous, who have sought her hand in marriage. Heiress to the estates of Baron Lucien Gucie, now deceased but founder of the internationally famous pate distribution enterprise, Pate Gucie, Lucie has only to wait one year, until her 28th birthday, to receive possession of her inheritance from the trustee of her estate, Wellington C. Waterloo.
Costume Suggestion: High fashion "flapper" dress, long necklace
Known in paris society as Jules, he is a dealer in precious gems and expensive jewelry pieces. His shop in Paris on the Rue de la Payor, the internationally famous Maison Hieffe, enjoys the trade of select and wealthy clientele. Something of a playboy, Jules enjoys the nightlife of Paris and has many female admirers who are, perhaps, attracted to the lure of his jewels. In connection with his business, he travels widely on the continent and is often away on business trips.
Costume Suggestion: French beret, turtleneck, jeweler's lens
Captain Meirre is master of the Gilded Vessel. A seaman of renown, he was decorated during World War I for his heroic exploits as captain of the HMS Tippler, a supply ship which, during a climactic sea battle in the waning moments of the war, succeeded in sinking the massive German battlecruiser, Teidelvafe. As a result of injuries sustained in the war, he walks with a limp and often uses a cane. Unless his duties as captain interfere, he is always included in the festivities aboard the Gilded Vessel. Everyone calls him Captain Mal.
Costume Suggestion: Nautical attire, medals and ribbons, cane for wounded leg
A Russian countess, she escaped from St. Petersburg prior to the revolution and made her way to Paris where she opened her now famous Luminance Rouge nightclub. It is said that she brought with her the spectacular tiara called Couronne des Etoiles. Perhaps because it enhances the image of her nightclub, she has allowed this rumor to circulate without denial. Her personal charm and flamboyance have made her a success and her nightclub one of the brightest spots in an already glittering Paris. Everyone, but everyone, calls her Nadya.
Costume Suggestion: Flamboyant, flowing dress, lots of rings and necklaces
Bella is, above all else, a coloratura soprano, a highly talented and developing star with the internationally acclaimed Opera Monte Carlo. Vivacious and lively on stage, she is praised for her purity of voice, extensive vocal range and the grace of her manner. She recently played the title role of the comic hairdresser in the Gioacchino Linguini's classic opera, Barbara of Seville. Bella has only recently emerged in society, having spent a secluded life studying her art.
Costume Suggestion: Demure but slightly theatrical attire
Miles is a dashing fellow indeed, a race car driver. Last year, 1924, he campaigned his Bugatti as a private entrant on the Grand Prix circuit and succeeded in taking a first at the Grand Prix de Monte Carlo. This amazing feat has brought him world-wide attention. Miles is a highly sociable person and can often be found in high society gatherings or at the baccarat table playing for high stakes. His favorite casino in Monte Carlo is the world famous Club Risqueuse.
Costume Suggestion: Jaunty cap, white scarf, dark sunglasses
W.C., as he is known, is a businessman and entrepreneur with a record of financial success that is the envy of investors in London, Paris and New York. Men of capital have sought him out for advice on matters of finance and he has often consulted with Archibald Frath with regard to Frath's investments. Before his death, Baron Lucien Gucie, one of the richest men in Europe, appointed him trustee of his estates which he now manages for the heiress, Lucie. He has often sailed with Frath aboard the Gilded Vessel and is aboard on this occasion to discuss various aspects of Frath's business affairs. He is a gourmet and shares with Frath an enthusiastic interest in fine wines.
Costume Suggestion: "Lounge suit," homburg, brief case
A young, highly motivated businesswoman, she is struggling against tremendous odds to restore her family fortune. The once flourishing Flambeau Vineyards were nearly destroyed a few years ago by a deadly grape blight. This disaster contributed to the untimely demise of the father, Crispen Flambeau, leaving her to support her invalid mother and six younger brothers and sisters. Archibald Frath has been very supportive of her efforts and has assisted her and her family in many ways. She has become close to Frath, as a result, and has often travelled with him on his yacht.
Costume Suggestion: Tailored, business-like dress or suit
Version two.
than just a renaming of the original characters, Version Two of Grapes of Frath contains a reworked plot, new character backgrounds, a different method of murder, and an entirely new murderer.
Motor Yacht Le Voyeur:
As Archibald Frath's guest aboard Le Voyeur, you will be interested to know some of the details of the yacht and the cruise you will be making aboard her. Le Voyeur is 142 feet in length, with modern facilities and luxuriously appointed throughout. She has eight guest staterooms, four to port and four to starboard, with Frath's stateroom aft. The Grand Salon and the canopied On Deck Lounge are the center of social activities on board. The yacht carries a crew of twenty-two under the command of Captain DeMeirre, a master seaman whose exploits in the Mediterranean are legendary. Equally famous is the ship's fare, concocted by a galley staff of seven, overseen by Master Chef Francois Pigout. Guests will board the yacht in Monte Carlo on 5 June 1928, between 9:30 a.m. and noon. Luncheon will be served in the On Deck Lounge at 12:30 p.m. and the yacht will depart at 2:00 p.m.
Characters.
Cosette is the wife of Archibald Frath. Once an heiress to the greatest champagne vineyard in the world, she was devastated when the vineyards and family estate burned to the ground, killing the rest of her family. When the smoke had cleared, the land remained barren, and Cosette was left with nothing. As the wife of the richest man in the world, she is once more reclimbing the ladder of European society—although it's been a rocky road, since everyone believes she set fire to the vineyard herself. Of course, it has never been proven, but many people feel they can read guilt in the emotionless face she shows the world.
Costume Suggestion: Tailored, business-like dress or suit.
Daimon is Monaco's most respected dealer of find jewelry. The toast of the Continent, Daimon could charm the shine off a ruby and the gown off a princess. He is often seen in top hat and tails, with some sequined goddess by his side—a different one, they say, for every day of the year. Needless to say, Daimon thrives on the Monte Carlo nightlife and has flocks of admirers who are perhaps attracted to the allure of his jewels, which he wears on almost every appendage of his body. Daimon comes aboard as a guest of opera star Donna Mata Tomei, with whom he shares a platonic friendship.
Costume Suggestion: French beret, turtleneck, jeweler's loupe.
Rising from total obscurity, Donna is now Italy's leading prima donna and melts her fans with her sultry contralto voice. Most recently she brought the house down playing the title role in the famous American opera, "Madame Superfly". Off stage, the diva is shy and reclusive, but once beneath the burning lights, her arias affect the emotions of her audience with a professionalism seldom seen in the world of opera. She is a star. She knows it, and she expects everyone to treat her like one.
Costume Suggestion: Demure, but slightly theatrical, attire.
Holden is the most successful race-car driver since the invention of the automobile. Last year he drove his Bugatti as a private entrant on the Grand Prix circuit, and placed first at the Grand Prix de Monte Carlo. This amazing feat brought him worldwide attention and rescued him from the post-war poverty that still grips his native Germany. Now Holden cavorts with royalty, spends money like there's no tomorrow, and has just been signed as the spokesman for Toxico Petroleum---a job that will reap him a handsome salary to match his handsome physique.
Costume Suggestion: Jaunty cap, white scarf, dark sunglasses.
Captain Mal DeMeirre is the master of Frath's yacht, "Le Voyeur". A seaman of renown, he was decorated in the Great War for his heroic exploits as a warship captain. He is most famous for sinking the dreaded German battle cruiser "Das Gröinpull". As a result of injuries sustained in the war, he walks with a limp and often uses a cane. People say that Captain Mal has a sixth sense about navigation. Rumor has it that all he has to do is look up at the night sky to instantly read his position on the globe. Unless his duties as captain interfere, he is always included in events aboard "Le Voyeur".
Costume Suggestion: Nautical attire, medals and ribbons, cane for wounded leg.
Mona is a young Parisian "trés a la vogue" in Paris society. She has left a trail of brokenhearted Romeos, young and old, rich and famous, who have sought her hand in marriage. She is pure, virtuous, and swears to remain chaste until her wedding day, to the disappointment of so many men. Mona is still mourning the tragic death of her father, who was killed when his necktie got caught in the window of a moving car. Mona now lives by herself on the immense and lonely F'Amour estate.
Costume Suggestion: High fashion "flapper" dress, long necklace.
Sasha Sonovabich is the deposed czarina of Russia and sole surviving member of her royal family, executed by the Bolsheviks. Only recently has her true identity come to light. She has been living anonymously in Paris for the past ten years, under the protection of the French government. Now a celebrity in Paris, Sasha runs a successful nightclub, the "Mouton Rouge". Her personal charm and flamboyance have made the "Mouton Rouge" one of the brightest spots in an already glittering Paris. It is rumored that she safely smuggled the famous "Pink Puma," one of the largest diamonds in the world, out of Russia. She's never denied that rumor...it's good for business.
Costume Suggestion: Flamboyant, flowing dress, lots of rings and necklaces.
Upton Yors is a brilliant American businessman and entrepreneur with a record of financial success. Upton tends to be arrogant and aloof, but certainly has reason to act so, since he will soon join Archibald Frath as one of the world's wealthiest men. Currently he handles a number of Frath's investments and runs the F'Amour Foundation, a charitable organization set up to benefit the victims of neckwear-related accidents. Upton's most recent project is the financing of the most expensive movie ever made---a film of that great American classic "Gone With the Trash", which promises to change the face of cinema forever.
Costume Suggestion: "Lounge suit," homburg, briefcase.
The Last Train From Paris.
It is June 1940 aboard a train leaving from Paris. The German troops are about to enter the city. Roads are a hopeless snarl; the trains are full with little space aboard them. Yet, to remain in the city will not be pleasant. Aboard a government train heading for the safety of southern France, a murder is discovered. The passengers (your guests) must decide who committed the crime. Certainly, the elegant refugees and the dramatic circumstances of their flight from Paris will provide the answer to this mystery.
Dear Friend:
It seems that the German troops are about to enter Paris. The roads south are a hopeless snarl. The trains are full, and one cannot find space aboard them. Yet to remain in the city under Nazi control will not be pleasant.
This letter offers you what may be your last chance to escape.
At 5:00 p.m. on 13 June 1940, a government train under military guard will depart platform 7, Gare d'Austerlitz, for the relative safety of southern France. Attached to this train will be a private Pullman car and dining car. The accompanying transit authorization will see you past the military guard and on board.
I do hope you will come.
Who am I? Well, for the time being, I will not tell you. Think of me as someone much like yourself, a citizen of the world. There will be eight guests. I have listed them all below and, as you can see, they are a distinguished group. I will make it a party of nine.
Do bring proper attire. We will dine elegantly. Our chef is the man who made travel by train a delicious experience, Master Lester ("Les") K. Arrgowe. Oh yes, each of the train cars has its own name: the lounge-dining car named "Délice" and the Pullman sleep car named "Désire."
Don't be late. Miraculously, the trains are running on time.
Number 9
Characters.
A "couturière extraordinaire" is the way Belinda is described by her
wealthy clients. Usually she just blushes and responds, "Really, I'm
only a simple dressmaker," but those in the inner circle of Paris
society know better. Owner of a thriving high-fashion studio, Maison
de Screete, this clever and well-educated American has thrust her way
into the Paris fashion world. More than a caterer to the patrons of
high-fashion, Belinda participates in that society as actively and as
well as any. Vivacious and charming, she is a frequent guest at the
mansions and châteaux of wealthy and influential citizens of Paris.
Costume Suggestion: Extremely stylish or, at the other extreme,
extremely dress-makerish (pins, thread, tape measure, scissors...).
"Mal" is a soldier of fortune. Restless, cynical and secretive, he is
well known in Paris society; it is whispered that for some undisclosed
reason, Mal cannot return to his home in the United States. Some say
he killed a man; some say it was an affair of the heart; others say he
makes his living in the active and thriving black market of
Continental Europe. Whatever the truth, Mal is a welcome participant
in Paris high society where his worldly toughness stands out against a
backdrop of leisured affluence.
Costume Suggestion: Gangsterish; dark shirt and suspenders, white tie, fedora.
Another royal victim of the German advance, the Duke fought his way
through enemy lines to reach Paris. His own small army in tatters, he
and a few hand-picked men succeeded in bringing valuable information
concerning German troop disposition to the French High Command. The
Duke remains a hero to his now captive people, the sturdy peasant
stock of the region known as AlzŠse-Laverne. He is a man of noble
bearing, schooled extensively in military matters and a swordsman of
considerable talent. Young to be the leader of even so small a nation,
the Duke is not married and is considered to be one of the most
eligible bachelors in Europe.
Costume Suggestion: A regal military uniform with sword; horse optional.
Known to his men as "Wey," Capt. Awfcorce is a pilot of renown. His
squadron of Laklustre Bombers is likely to prove one of the most
formidable armaments available to the British Armed Forces. Shot down
on a reconnaissance mission over Germany before hostilities commenced,
Wey evaded capture and made his way to Paris, and is now trying to
return to England. Born of English nobility and educated at Oxford,
Wey epitomizes the strength, endurance and noble character of that
island race.
Costume Suggestion: Flying jacket, scarf and goggles.
A well-traveled and worldly individual, Mr. Ageante is seldom home in
the British Isles due to the necessities of business travel.
Distinguished, impeccably dressed and courteous to a fault, he is
welcome in the finest hotels and restaurants in Europe. Yet there is
an aura of mystery about him, and no one seems to know exactly what
his business is or why he travels between Berlin and Paris with such
regularity.
Costume Suggestion: Crisp, 1940s-style suit and briefcase.
A royal refugee driven to Paris by the advancing German troops,
Princess Idelle is the sole surviving representative of the ancient
and noble Chattre family. Those European rulers descend directly from
Nonnes Taupe Chattre, who, in 1124, at the head of an army of fierce
Northern tribesmen, conquered and carved out a small, heavily wooded
land where his descendants now live. Despite her youth, Idelle is
aware that she alone carries on the family line. Strong-willed and
quick to anger, she is quite beautiful and, it is said, possessed of
considerable family wealth safely invested overseas.
Costume Suggestion: Regal but not without style; jewels; crown and
scepter might be a bit overdone, but acceptable.
A journalist for a large metropolitan U.S. newspaper, Mary has
lingered in Paris to send the true story of the war in Europe home to
her readers. She has interviewed men in the street, soldiers and
generals, ministers of state and celebrities. Her articles are
published in metropolitan papers across the United States under the
byline Mary Trairie, but those who know her past remember her as
little Mary Kohn, daughter of the late Augustus Kohn, journalist,
publisher and newshound. It was Augustus who said, "There's them that
wants news and there's them that wants truth. Don't ever confuse one
with the other." Mary was briefly married to a young city editor named
Harold Trairie, but it did not last. She has kept Harry's name, feeling
her father's too austere.
Costume Suggestion: Tailored, possibly a man-style suit; no frills; steno pad.
Barbra may be described in a few words - "rich, spoiled and
beautiful." Daughter of the late French perfume king, Louis Z.
Enhussie, she was brought up in extravagance and has carried on the
tradition of the Enhussies in all respects. Châteaux Enhussie, on the
outskirts of Paris, and Barbra's luxurious apartment in the city, are
centers of lavish social activity. Everyone who is anyone is a regular
at Barbra's.
Costume Suggestion: Something frilly and flowing; dripping jewels; a fur.
Archaeologically Speaking, it's the Pits AKA Matter of Faxe.
It is June 1895. Arthur "Art" E. Faxe, the eccentric Englishman, has invited eight guests to participate in an archaeological dig at a site in Mesopotamia. Almost immediately, rumors circulate of an important find, but excitement gives way to dismay when murder is committed. Beneath the surface, in the fascinating mélange of guests and their shared histories, lies the answer to the murder.
Arthur E. Faxe, the eccentric entrepreneur and amateur archaeologist, sails this month for ancient Mesopotamia in search of human fossils and in the hope of proving the Darwinian Theory of Evolution. Faxe has chosen a region of the Tigris-Euphrates Valley known since ancient times as Vages for the site of his expedition. This area is distinguished by an immense and prominent boulder that can be seen for miles and is known locally as the Rock of Vages. A small cleft, or opening, at the base of the rock is the site of an unusual collection of fossils. The cleft, discovered in 1854 by French archaeologist, Henri Formie, is described in scientific literature as Rock of Vages, Cleft Formie. By arrangement with the local government, Faxe and his entourage will establish an extensive camp in an abandoned military fort near the archaeological site and overlooking the Tigris River.
this game, originally released as "A Matter of Faxe," was later re-released as "Archaeologically Speaking, it's the Pits" and finally once again as "It's the Pits."
Characters.
Terra is Art E. Faxe's daughter. Beautiful and enthusiastic, she enjoy the social status conferred by her father's wealth and fame to the fullest. Life is a constant round of gala events and balls. Terra has taken an active interest in the theater, arts and music. She has also enjoyed surprising success in designing fashionable lingerie for her friends, which she blushingly markets under the name "Terra Sunder Wear." Though married a few years ago, Terra now lives apart from her husband, Castor Sunder. She is close to her father and insisted on joining him at the expedition site, much to his pleasure.
Costume Suggestion: Dressy attire which possibly shows off a bit of her lingerie.
A soldier of considerable experience and skill, the Major General is a veteran of numerous military actions. During previous command, he led his troops on a forced march across miles of desolate wilderness to bring relief to a besieged British regiment surrounded by revolting native hordes. He has just returned from a lengthy tour of duty in the Punjab, where he distinguished himself in the management of an unruly local population through frequent application of his favorite disciplinary device, the bullwhip. The tale of his accomplishments has been set to verse in the emotionally charged epic poem, 'The Empire Stripes Backs,' by Lloyd, Alfred Tenny's son. The Major General is always impeccably attired, sports a monocle and a moustache, and carries a riding crop. Everyone calls him "Sir."
Costume Suggestion: Military uniform, sidearm, whip, monocle.
An American railroad tycoon, "Les" is said to be one of the wealthiest men in the world. He currently heads a coalition of American and European businessmen who propose to lay a rail line from the Mediterranean to the Tigris-Euphrates Valley. The railway will provide a direct shipping route for goods that must now flow downriver into the Persian Gulf before beginning the long journey to European markets. Ruthless and calculating, Les is also known as a connoisseur of fine food and wine and has a particular affection for vintage cognac. Les and Faxe have participated in several business deals and a close, if competitive, relationship exists between them.
Costume Suggestion: American western wear, six-shooter.
Young, vital, enthusiastic and adventuresome, "Missy" is heiress to the Lynke family fortune. Her father is, of course, Lord Chayne Lynke, Duke of Gayte, a man of great wealth and renown. She has returned recently from a world tour, by various modes of transportation, in wild and remote regions of the globe. Missy scarcely had time to repack her trunk when she and her friend Ashley decided to leave for a tour of the Tigris-Euphrates Valley. There, they joined up with the Faxe expedition where they became entranced with the archaeological project and have joined eagerly in the work.
Costume Suggestion: Colorful and unusual garments (acquired on her travels).
Of ancient English country lineage, the Ickwitees of Barfrumpshire, Anne is a very unconventional young lady. Her family and friends were startled when she entered—and won!--the local bathing beauty contest (revealing a scandalous two inches of ankle). She shocked them even more by distinguishing herself as an Oxford scholar and graduating from the Women's College with honors. Her interest in archaeology comes naturally. Her late father, Ian Ickwitee, discovered the famed Lopswich femur. Anne herself assisted Professor Herman Anasse at the dig in which he discovered the fossil now known worldwide as the "Jawbone of Anasse." Anne is participating in the Faxe expedition by special invitation of Art E. Faxe.
Costume Suggestion: Khaki clothes or knickerbockers.
Of Scottish parents but orphaned as a baby, "Ham" was raised in England by a maiden aunt who read to him nightly from the works of Shakespeare, Bacon and the like. The experience ruined him for honest work, and at an early age Ham made his way into the theater. His work has been called "the quintessential example of modern British stagemanship." Arthur E. Faxe has taken an interest in Ham's career to the point of financing some of Ham's productions. Ham has taken a leave of absence from his profession to join Faxe at the expedition site.
Costume Suggestion: Dramatic attire; black cape, tailes, top hat, and cane.
Ashley is a charming and vivacious young English countrywoman. Because of her father's illness, she has managed the extensive Sonnyste estates—rich agricultural land and several buildings situation in Southern England—for the past few years. Unfortunately, the estates were destroyed by fire; shortly thereafter, Ashley's father, Colonel Sonnyste, died. Forced to fend for herself, she came to London where, by virtue of unwavering determination and the greatest of good fortune (and insurance proceeds), she has made a place for herself in society. Lady Mellissa Lynke has become Ashley's close friend, and the two young women impetuously set out on a world tour. Upon returning to London, they again immediately departed on a journey to the Tigris-Euphrates Valley. Once there, they joined up with the Faxe expedition.
Costume Suggestion: Elegant English country attire or traveling clothes.
Intellectual, well-educated, aristocratic yet hard-working, and quite clever, "Con" is Art E. Faxe's right-hand man at the archaeological site. He has participated in many other expeditions and is the author of several learned works on the subject of fossils—including the practical guidebook, "Archaeologically Speaking, It's the Pits." Educated at Oxford, Con distinguished himself as a scholar and an athlete who played cricket and soccer internationally for England. Since graduating he has dabbled in business in London's financial circles, where he has quite a following, and has traveled extensively. Con is a member of London's most prestigious card club, the Gribbley, where he is to be found most evenings, when he is in town.
Costume Suggestion: Khaki outfit, pith helmet, pick, shovel.
The Chicago Caper.
It is September 1928 in Chicago. Notorious gangster Harold "Hal" Coppone's return is expected to trigger a wave of violence. Instead, Coppone has disappeared, mystifying police and the criminal underworld. To the small group gathered in at S. P. Keasy's Place, near Coppone's headquarters, the crime lord's whereabouts become only part of the mystery when murder is discovered. There's no shortage of suspects, motives, speakeasy glamor or gorgeous flappers in this crime tale.
Characters.
A society dame from New York, where the Awbsterrs are a prominent and respected family, Molly came to Chicago for the action and because, in her own words, "Chicago is a fun town." Molly is a flapper from the top of the feather in her hat to the tip of her satin shoes and she maintains an apartment on the top floor of Chicago's most exclusive apartment-hotel. She is a consummate shopper, driving herself about town in an elegant Packard DeLuxe Eight Sport Phaeton automobile. Friends and acquaintances call her "The Moll."
Costume Suggestion: Fringed flapper dress with bead necklace, cloche hat with feather.
Chicago's most colorful millionaire gambler, Ernie parlayed a small stake into a stock exchange fortune early in the decade. He still actively plays the stock market, but his favorite game is poker and he can often be found at a table in the notorious back room of Chicago's Green Tables, where they play the "richest game in town." Ernie is flamboyant, outspoken, always ostentatiously dressed, and never without his diamond stickpin and Havana cigar. It's said that he will bet on almost anything.
Costume Suggestion: Flashy (ostentatious) suit, diamond stickpin, Havana cigar.
Silky is a slinky and shady lady who owns and operates The Everlay Club, Chicago's most prominent private establishment situated in the exclusive Luxington Gardens district. Silky's father, "Champagne" Charlie McCorker, founded the club years ago, and his daughter, christened Penelope McCorker—known to friends as "Poppy"—took over management at about the time she married prominent Chicago businessman U. Penn Adam. After her husband's unexpected death, the young and beautiful owner became known as "Silky" for the elegant silk gowns she was accustomed to wearing in the evenings. Silky counts among the club's members the wealthiest and most influential citizens of Chicago, who, despite their busy schedules, often stop in at the club for an hour or two simply to pass the time in the club's elegant and relaxing atmosphere.
Costume Suggestion: Silk evening gown shimmering with glittery beads.
Smooth, fashionable and clever, Eddie is an avid golfer and spends most afternoons on the links at the exclusive Lake View Country Club dressed elegantly in plus fours and argyle socks. In the evenings he can be found at his exclusive gaming house in downtown Chicago, known simply as Green Tables, where the affluent, the trendy and the compulsive citizens of Chicago come to gamble. Those close to Eddie also know him as a deal maker and in certain circles as "Fast Deal Eddie," although what he deals in and with whom he deals is never mentioned.
Costume Suggestion: "Plus Fours" (knickers) and argyle socks; bow tie and putter.
As a young reporter for the city's leading paper, " The Chicago Trumpet", Scoop quickly made a name for herself on the crime beat, later covering the political scene. Her considerable beauty and lively charm have undoubtedly helped further her career, and she enjoys a broad circle of influential and powerful friends on both sides of the law. She counts as a close friend and ally the editor-in-chief of the paper, Augustus Kohn—known affectionately to his staff as "Citizen Kohn." Recently though, Scoop has written a series of articles exposing corruption in government and, as a result, has antagonized several of the city's most powerful figures. Undaunted by threats against the paper and herself, Scoop has vowed to carry on the crusade "until I've exposed every crook in Chicago."
Costume Suggestion: Long loose jacket with a tight skirt, business suit.
U.S. District Attorney and chief opponent to the criminal element in Chicago, Harrow is single-handedly responsible for bringing to justice several of crime's most despicable practitioners. Foremost among those convicted through Harrow's efforts are mob hit man Charlie "Gold Bag" Marconi (who carried a machine gun in his golf bag) and Maximillian Buccher, alias Max the Butcher, alias Max the Knife. Amidst the corruption and complacency that characterize Chicago law enforcement, Harrow stands out as a shining example. Harrow carries on a tradition set by his renowned trial attorney father, Clarence D. Harrow. Nobody knows his first name.
Costume Suggestion: Sharkskin suit; briefcase.
Currently the featured singer at Eddie Gyle's Green Tables, Torchy has also appeared in many of the exclusive night clubs of Chicago and has sung with many of the town's top jazz bands. While she brings to music an exuberance of style enjoyed by fans of the modern sound, it is her rendition of the more traditional blues melodies and so-called "torch songs" that have earned her the nickname "Torchy." Her smoldering beauty and sultry voice contribute to Torchy's appeal, as does an extensive repertoire that includes the latest in Chicago jazz, as well as more traditional blues numbers.
Costume Suggestion: Sultry, shimmering sequinned gown.
Star pitcher for the Chicago Sock Kings major league baseball team, Billy was born to play baseball. His grandfather was Bulford "Bull" Thrower, famed for his dreaded "mud-ball." Termed "almost impossible to hit," the pitch suffered the disadvantage of requiring a muddy field or, in the alternative, a well-endowed cow pasture. Grandson Billy has carried on the Bull's tradition and in his first major league game struck out 11 batters. He currently holds the league strikeout record. Off the field, Billy is as fun-loving, hard-drinking, warm-headed, lustful, brawling and hell-raising as a baseball player can be. He won 22 games for the team last season and is on a faster pace this year.
Costume Suggestion: Baseball uniform, glove and ball.
Hoo Hung Woo.
It is 8th Century China at the Festival of the Autumn Moon. Guests of the Hoo family have been invited to gather in the grand hall of Hoo House at the Hoo-Hung-Wu Islands. Hoo House is an elegant Chinese mansion and the summer house of the Hoo family. As guests gather for an evening of reflection, poetry and feasting, the celebration gives way to deadly dismay about Who Done It!
this game, originally written as "Hoo Hung Woo," was later re-written as "Hoo Hung Wu."
Characters.
Currently head of the prominent Hoo family, Hoo Li-gan assumed management of the extensive Hoo landholdings upon the death of his father, Hoo Gon-wei. As one of the district's most prominent and respected landholders, Hoo is an important and authoritative figure in the area, and he administers his estates and controls his many tenants with a firm but benevolent hand. Despite his relative youth, Hoo is looked to by many local citizens for advice concerning the management of land and wealth. Hoo already has a large family consisting of three wives, six concubines and at least eleven children.
Costume Suggestion: Long-sleeved robe worn over loose pants, black cap and black boots.
A fearsome warrior and defender of the imperial borders, General Shang commands the Sixth Imperial Army stationed along the Great Wall in the Chi-Ka district. He is a noted swordsman; his sword itself is a weapon of great lineage, called, in the language of weaponry, "Cha Pem" or the "Death Blade." It is a precious family heirloom. Shang is a close friend of Hoo Li-gan and often takes his evening rice with the Hoo family.
Costume Suggestion: Ancient Chinese warrior costume (complete with helmet, coat of mail, knee-length skirt and armored boots). Or long-sleeved black robe worn over loose black pants, black boots, helmet or black cap, sword with ribbons attached.
The magistrate of Chi-Ka-Go, Hao is a cousin of Hoo Li-gan and, as the head of the district governmental system and the tribunal of Chi-Ka-Go, he is the emperor's representative in Chi-Ka. So young to have attained such an exalted position, Hao is reputed to be a man of impeccable moral character and scrupulously fair in his administrations of local government. He is apparently favored by the emperor and therefore expected to go far in his political career. Hao has a passionate interest in collecting precious antiques.
Costume Suggestion: Long-sleeved robe (preferably blue) worn over loose pants or gown, waist-high apron, black stock cap worn high upon the head, black boots, jade pendant.
A nationally reputed scholar, Pen is also the renowned author of the philosophical treatise," The Way to Con Fu-shun", as well as the popular "Philosophical Sayings for Social Occasions". For the last few years he has served as an advisor to the emperor in the capital city but recently moved to the district of Chi-Ka where he hopes to find more time for purely academic pursuits. Pen is principally interested in finding methods of applying ancient wisdom and teachings to contemporary events.
Costume Suggestion: Long-sleeved robe with optional horizontal band attached to the lower part, black stocking cap worn high upon the head, black boots, books in hand.
The beautiful young widow of Wu Wun, eldest of the Wu family sons, Willow Blossom met her husband when he was a young officer stationed in Chi-Ka-Go.After his promotion to captain of a regiment in the Sixth Imperial Army, the couple was married and she frequently traveled with him to posts along the Great Wall. Her husband's recent death in a military engagement was a great tragedy, but Willow Blossom is well provided for. She has a grand house in the city and takes an active part in the life of the Wu family, where she is known as the Widow Wu. She is educating herself in classical literature and is a fine calligrapher.
Costume Suggestion: Silky, floral, long-sleeved robe or gown, black boots or flats. Hair in a bun, China doll make-up with very prominent eyebrows and a small flower painted on forehead.
The beautiful eldest daughter of the Wu family and twin sister of Wu Too, Joyous Flower's shy and obedient manner belies an inner spirit of independence. She has been well-educated and is conversant in classical literature and poetry as well as gifted in music and painting. Unmarried, she is much sought after as a bride by many eligible men in the district, although her father, the venerable Wu Pte-doo, has not yet consented to a marriage. Joyous Flower resides in the Wu family home on the extensive Wu Estate.
Costume Suggestion: Silky, floral, long-sleeved robe or gown, black boots or flats. Hair in a bun, China doll make-up with very prominent eyebrows and flowers painted on cheek.
The young, second wife of Hoo Li-gan, Jade Owl has become the mistress of the Hoo family since the recent untimely death of Hoo's first wife, Hoo Num-wun. Jade Owel's task in managing the Hoo households (both their summer and winter homes) and supervising the many servants is not an easy one, but despite her delicate loveliness, she has proved herself a competent and efficient manager. She is quite artistic as well and skillful in the art of painting ceramic bowls, vases and cups in traditional and modern designs.
Costume Suggestion: Brightly colored (preferably green), silky long-sleeved robe or gown, black boots or flats. Hair in a bun, China doll make-up, jade jewelry.
A young and beautiful poetess, Silver Bell's lyrical and poignant poems have gained her nationwide recognition. She has presented her poetry in the Court of the Emperor in the Forbidden City and to the Festival of Poets and Scholars held annually in the capital. Her uncle was the famous General of the Empire, General Tel. Silver Bell has been the guest of the Hoos for several weeks. She has been in residence at the Pavilion of the River, near the Hoo summer home.
Costume Suggestion: Brightly colored, silky long-sleeved robe or gown with cape (long scarf worn over arms) black boots or flats. Hair in a bun, China doll make-up, "ancient" book of poetry in hand.
The Class of '54.
It is 1959 in Roley City, a small town in the USA. The local high school class of 1954 has scheduled its 5th year reunion to coincide with the return of Rockford "Rock" N. Roley, the student who became a famous rock 'n roll star. Excitement is running high until the recollection of a high school prank leads to the discovery of murder! You'll be "most likely to succeed" at unraveling the mystery if you'll do a little homework into the history of the fascinating members of the class of '54.
Characters.
The son of prominent Roley City insurance salesman, C. U. Layder, "Cal" is a certified genius. While at many schools a science wizard would have no chance of joining the "in" crowd, Cal was a social success during high school largely because he was a terrific practical joker. His jokes, often directed at school administration and occasionally at city officials, earned him such a high standing among the students at Roley High that he was a welcome member of any group. He was particularly close to Rock N. Roley.
Costume Suggestion: White shirt with pocket protector and pens, high-water pants, horn-rimmed glasses.
"Dee," as her friends call her, gew up on the wrong side of the tracks, and in Roley City that meant a tough life for a beautiful girl. Determined to make a success of her life despite a drunken father and a brother convicted of armed robbery at the age of 15, Dee studied hard and graduated from Roley City High in the top 10 percent of her class. In her senior year, Dee was Homecoming Queen. She attended State College and is now in her first year of law school.
Costume Suggestion: Tight pants, tight black sweater, scarf around the neck, high heeled springalators, lots of make-up, bracelets, dangly earrings.
"Del" was a three-sport letterman in high school, quarterback of the Varsity football team, starting center of the school's championship basketball team and the "big hitter" of the Varsity baseball team. After high school, Del was eagerly recruited by several prominent colleges and set passing records in 1957 and 1958 as quarterback for the Northeastern Bullmooses. Drafted by the Washington Rednecks professional football team in 1958, he is expected to bring a new vitality to that franchise. In the off-season, Del still lives on the family farm on the outskirts of Roley City.
Costume Suggestion: Football or baseball shirt, jeans, letterman's jacket or sweater, high top sneakers, football or baseball.
Perky, bright and pretty, "E.C." was a born cheerleader. Generous and enthusiastic by nature, as she puts it, "I just couldn't say 'No' to anything." As a result, she was always active on several high school projects, attended and cheered at most athletic events, never missed a party and, unfortunately, didn't have much time to study. She graduated from Roley High, but E.C. herself acknowledges that it was a kindness on their part. E.C. married right after high school and lives in Bigtime, U.S.A., not far from Roley City. Her husband, Herman Duszit, died tragically in a traffic accident, and she now devotes her life to bringing up their young son.
Costume Suggestion: Sweater with a large "R" on front, circle skirt, white tennis shoes or bucks, socks rolled down, pompoms.
Even in high school, "Joe" knew he wanted to be president of a large corporation. He didn't really care what corporation - General Motors, Chrysler, G.E. - as long as it was one of the really big ones. There was simply no question in Joe's mind that the route to success was through a college education, and in 1958 he graduated with honors from a major eastern university. After graduating, Joe became Rock N. Roley's business manager, and much of the star's financial good fortune can be credited to Joe's skillful management.
Costume Suggestion: Pleated pants, button-down shirt, V-neck sweater, white bucks or saddle shoes, high quality leather briefcase.
Penelope is the former Penny Roley, Rock N. Roley's twin sister. She and Rock grew up in a wealthy family that lived in a big white mansion called "Roley House." During her youth, Penny made sure the house was filled with constant teen-age activity. Today, Penny is a hometown girl who married her high school boyfriend and lives in a pretty little house not far from her former house.
Costume Suggestion: Plaid pleated skirt with matching sweater or sweater set, matching socks, penny loafers, pearls.
Roley High prided itself on its athletics, but it could boast of its scholars as well, and "Pris" was one of those. Studious and intelligent, Pris was clearly destined for scholastic greatness. She won a statewide spelling contest at age 8, had the highest grade point average in her high school class, and was senior class president and valedictorian. Her graduation speech, entitled "Go Forth and Be Virtuous," earned Pris acclaim from faculty and city officials; it was reprinted in the "Roley City Times". Pris graduated from college in 1958 and works for a publicity firm in Bigtime, U.S.A.
Costume Suggestion: White blouse, long, straight skirt, saddle shoes with white socks, cardigan sweater over shoulders, lots of books.
In high school, "Rick" was wild and unruly. Though quick-thinking and intelligent, he performed poorly in school because of frequent absences and a rebellious nature. He adopted a tough-guy attitude and claimed to like both his women and his cars "fast and hot." For a while, Rick was Rock N. Roley's closest friend. Rebellious even now, Rick has not yet found his niche in society; he has had a difficult time adapting to adulthood.
Costume Suggestion: Jeans, white T-shirt, black leather jacket or denim jacket, dark glasses and boots or black shoes.
Powar and Greede.
Darlings: The suspense is simply too much to bear. All of Hollywood is gasping for news about Powar Film Studios' newest film. Everyone who is anyone knows that it was produced under the strictest security in Building 5 on the Powar lot and that production finished over a month ago. The oh-so-aloof Ivonde B. Ahlone graciously consented to appear opposite the incomparable Savoy R. Fayre. One hears as well that Powar's new ingenue Heidi co-stars opposite that gorgeous creature, Stu D. Muphin. It is whispered that the movie is based on Hack Ryders latest work about the life and death of Powar Film Studios' late lamented star, Mallisa Ann Greede, and that Hack pounded out the screenplay in record time. One assumes that the old pro Seldon U. Lloyd will direct, though that pretty young thing Denise N. Dayer has apparently been hovering about the sets with a look of authority in her eye. Well darlings, wait no longer. The word is out. Powar Film Studios has announced the premiere showing of "Powar and Greede" at Powar Oriental Gardens Theater this Saturday. Ad-mission is by invitation only and, true to form, Mr. P. issued his invitations with malicious precision. He is revelling, Im sure, in omitting some of Hollywood's nobility from the guest list. The invitation arrived in a salmon-colored embossed envelope. Cast, director, writer and your humble servant will join Mr. P. for champagne and caviar before the film begins, followed by a magnificent feast prepared by Master Chef Jacques Endibaux. Yummy!
You have received an invitation to the premiere of Powar Film Studios' latest release "Powar and Greede". As an illustrious member of the cast or crew, you are a guest of the producer W. Anton Powar. At the gala, guests find out that 1936 is curtains for a mutual friend.
Later versions of the game have changed "Powar and Greede" to "Power and Greede."
Characters.
Denise is a young actress who has not yet enjoyed the success and recognition she deserves. While she has appeared in secondary roles in a few films, she has not had the big break that will launch her on the road to stardom. Given her obvious talent and considerable beauty, this will only be a matter of time. In the meantime, in order to keep herself as close to the action as possible, she has found a job at Power Film Studies as a production assistant and has worked with some of the industry's greatest directors, including Seldon U. Lloyd and Phil M. Acher. Denise has, in fact, shown a remarkable flair for directing.
Costume Suggestion: Evening gown, not too fancy.
One of Power Film Studios' newest stars, Heidi was discovered by W. Anton Power himself and is his newest protégée. She first appeared on film in Power's recent release, "Lay of the Land", though only in a minor role. Nevertheless, filmgoers across the country were electrified. "Shocking," the "Boston Bulb" declared. "Hi Voltäje and Power Studios illuminate the silver screen," one reviewer proclaimed. Rumor has it that she has been given a major role in Power's latest film, and she seems assured of a rapid rise to fame and fortune. Her nickname is "Hi."
Costume Suggestion: Glittery and glamorous evening gown in a bright color, jewelry to match.
Born on a Swedish dairy farm, Ivonde never expected to be in pictures, but with her remarkable beauty and natural acting ability, she was destined for greatness. It was Sel U. Lloyd who first noticed her in a low-budget Italian production titled "War and Pizza". He brought Ivonde to the United States where she appeared in his next production, "Daze of Wynan Rosas", co-starring Savoy R. Fayre. She has starred in several movies since, including "The Thick Man", a spy thriller. She is one of Hollywood's truly glamorous stars.
Costume Suggestion: Elegant and glamarous evening gown, jewelry, hair up in a bun with braids.
While "Hack," as he is known in Hollywood, enjoyed a degree of critical acclaim as a novelist, it was not until he came to Hollywood to write for Power Film Studios that he achieved financial success. Having written several brilliant screenplays, including "Goddess", featuring the life of ill-fated silent screen star Sola Sivius, Hack is now acclaimed as one of Hollywood's finest screenwriters. The leap from an impoverished, Bohemian lifestyle to fame and wealth has not spoiler Hack. He remains the same down-to-earth guy he was before coming to Hollywood.
Costume Suggestion: Tuxedo or tails, stack of papers marked "screenplay."
Savoy's crisp British accent and graceful, elegant charm have made him one of Hollywood's favorite leading men. Contracted to Power Film Studios, he began his acting career with a series of minor roles. He became well known for his portrayal of "Arnold" in the classic, " The Scarlet Pimp, Arnold" (co-starring Tatyana Eltale), but achieved true stardom playing the butler in the movie version of Dame Alison Bigh's thriller, "The Butler, Diddit", starring opposite Mallisa Ann Greede. Savoy is a hunter and a superb rifle marksman, as well as an excellent golfer.
Costume Suggestion: Tuxedo or tails, golf clubs.
As one of Hollywood's preeminent directors, Seldon has a remarkable string of cinematic successes to his credit and is so much in demand that he commands fabulous fees and can pick and choose his films. He is so influential that actors and actresses vie for the opportunity to work with him. His award-winning film, "Daze of Wynan Rosas", established Ivonde B. Ahlone as a star. He also directed movies which made Mallisa Ann Greede famous: "Tequila Mockingbird" and "The Butler, Diddit".
Costume Suggestion: Tuxedo or tails, director's megaphone.
Young and strong, film actor "Stu" embodies "tall, dark and handsome." He began his career in Hollywood as a stuntman, but his looks and manliness quickly earned him feature roles in several Power Film Studios' westerns, including "The Dark Side of the Horse" and "Treasure of C. Arram Aurdrey". In his first starring role, Muphin immortalized the character of the alcoholic bird watcher, "Rudolph," co-starring with Mallisa Ann Greede in "Tequila Mockingbird". The film gave a tremendous boost to his career.
Costume Suggestion: Tuxedo or tails, cowboy hat, cowboy boots.
Formerly a very successful actress, Tatyana recently retired to become a gossip columnist, something she has always wanted to do. As the columnist for the "Los Angeles Morning Express", Tatyana is syndicated nationally and has recently been offered her own radio show. All of Hollywood mourned her decision to give up acting, particularly after her award-winning portrayal of the tragic silent film star, Sola Sivius, in the blockbuster film, "Goddess". But Tatyana said at the time, "I'm a gossip first and an actress second. You can't ignore your calling."
Costume Suggestion: Glamorous evening gown; little, discrete notebook and pen.
The Duke's Descent.
Titled: The Duke's Descent, or "Who Let the Heir Out of the Balloon?" <br>
<br>
"The London Times",
June 11, 1931
Lofty Aires, Duke of Airesborne, Killed In Attack Balloon Crash
Lofton "Lofty" Aires, twelfth Duke of Airesborne, and his son, Lord Lightern Aires, were killed yesterday while testing the duke's prototype "attack" balloon. Observers report that the balloon plummeted out of a cloudy sky into thick woods close to Airesborne Castle, killing both the duke and his son. The duke's brother, Drafton, succeeds to the title. "Drafty," as he is popularly known, is in poor health and remains secluded at Airesborne Castle.
Observers of matters concerning the nobility point out that it is not clear who will be Drafton's heir, since he has no children. In cases where the duke has no natural heir, he may nominate his heir from his immediate family, according to Royal Grant of Privilege, bestowed by Queen Elizabeth when she created the Duchy of Airesborne in 1597. It is understood that the new duke has already made plans for a family council to invoke this privilege.
The Invitation: <br>
By Authority Vested in the Dukes of Airesborne through Royal Grant of Privilege,
I, Drafton Aires, 13th Duke of Airesborne by this notice do advise that you are eligible to assert your candidacy as heir and successor to the
Title and Estates of the Duchy of Airesborne and, to that end, are commanded to attend upon me at Airesborne Castle on the 15th of June, 1931
Drafty, 13th Duke of Airesborne
Characters.
Spendwell is an "ace" pilot who distinguished himself during World War I, flying combat missions over Germany in the legendary Sopwith Dromedary. Credited with shooting down seven enemy aircraft, he acquired the nickname "Spinner" from the acrobatic aerial maneuver he performed to escape the clutches of the dreaded Fred Barron. Since the war, he has been involved in various air-transport ventures and is currently raising funds to launch a commercial airline, Spinnair.
Costume Suggestion: Flying jacket with "wings" insignia, aviator cap, goggles, scarf, heavy canvas trousers, boots.
An internationally respected aviatrix, Melissa's ambition is to be the first pilot to fly around the world. Her marriage to G. Rynder Loudbanks, a wealthy banker, brought together the heritage of the noble Airesborne family and the "new" city money of the Loudbanks. Tragically, her husband died shortly after the wedding in a fall from her airplane. Undaunted, she continues to pursue her goal with great fortitude. Her friends and family call her "Misty."
Costume Suggestion: Flying jacket, aviator cap, goggles, scarf, leather trousers and boots.
A young aristocrat of noble bearing and inclination, Lance is the future eight Duke of Sallot, a family with ancestral links to the Airesbornes. His father, the seventh duke, is frail in body and spirit, and Lance has already been managing the family estates for several years. Fair-haired, handsome, and an excellent swordsman, he will be a magnificent catch for some fair maiden but is, as yet, unmarried.
Costume Suggestion: Elegant attire, possibly featuring the Sallot family crest (black tie would be appropriate), sword.
Damselyne, known as "Dame," is the older sister of Misty Loudbanks. Delicate and beautiful, she has been courted by some of the world's most eligible bachelors, some of whom have performed heroic deeds to rescue her from the many difficulties she constantly experiences. They have all earned her thanks, but none has won her heart.
Costume Suggestion: Evening gown, fur coat or stole, tiara.
A successful entrepreneur, Rogan has overcome the financial disadvantage of being born a young branch on the family tree by earning his fortune in the building trade. He is influential and highly regarded due to his skillful combination of distinguished heritage and business acumen. An elegant dresser, he frequently wears a long, black cap and is usually seen smoking a cigar. He has recently acquired a Rolls-Royce motor car.
Costume Suggestion: Elegant attire (possibly black tie), long black cape, slicked-back hair, wads of "money," cigar.
When Lofty Aires married the young, beautiful and spirited Gwen, all England rejoiced at her happiness. To become Duchess of Airesborne had been Gwen's lifelong dream, and she was doubly rewarded when the duke presented her with the magnificent Airesborne jewels on their wedding day. Although he was over twice her age and she was his fifth wife, Gwen did all she could to make a success of the marriage. Sadly, they did not live happily ever after either, and she has been living apart from the duke until his death, when she returned to the castle.
Costume Suggestion: Evening gown, masses of jewelry—the Airesborne jewels (the more absurdly ostentatious and pretentious, the better).
A descendant from a long-lost branch of the family tree, which he believes has precedence over the existing heirs, "Lon" read about the death of the twelfth duke in the newspaper and has returned to the family seat to stake his claim. Being an excellent hunter and avid sportsman, he is well-schooled to assume his "rightful" position. He is also an expert on genealogy, having studied at the Institute d'Affairs Genealogie in Paris under Professor Throux D. Agees.
Costume Suggestion: An extraordinary "hunting hat," i.e., a rubber duck stuck on the top of a hat, hunting jacket to go with hat.
Lonsford's voluptuous wife, who has accompanied him on his quest to return the Airesborne line of succession to the proper branch of the family tree, "Eve" clearly has the attributes to make a fine duchess and has been quietly support her husband as he makes his claim. Of French ancestry, she has a lilting French accent.
Costume Suggestion: Evening gown, prominent jewelry
The Wall Street Scandal.
Who lost the most money on Black Monday? This morning, all eyes focused on Bonds & Trage and its larger-than-life founder, the infamous and tyrannical Jon K. Bonds. Starting in the trading pits some 30 years ago, Bonds built his small firm into a financial services giant. A master deal-maker and confidant of New York money and power, Bonds has sometimes been unscrupulous in his determination to undermine his rivals, particularly competitor Churnham & Burnham.
Confidential sources inside the company indicate that Bonds may soon step down from his position. His age, 56, is not believed to be the primary factor. The U.S. Attorney General's office is reportedly investigating Bond's possible involvement in stock manipulation and conspiracy schemes. If Bonds does leave the company, his successor will face the difficult task of guiding both the battered firm and the wealthy Argonaut Fund through the Black Monday disaster.
Characters.
Corey, Jon K.'s eldest son and vice president of corporate investments at Bonds & Trage, is thought by man to be his father's successor. Educated at exclusive and prestigious schools, Corey's refined personality fits perfectly with the distinguished and traditional atmosphere of the mahogany-panelled offices at Bonds & Trage. Considered one of America's most eligible bachelors, Corey was recently featured as "Bachelor of the Month" in "Metropolitan" magazine. Although many glamorous women have tried to change his mind, he claims to be too busy for a serious relationship.
Costume Suggestion: Suit with vest, fob watch on a gold chain, old school tie.
Jon K.'s lovely and vivacious daughter, "Stock," has inherited her father's fierce independence and determined spirit. Pursuing her own career outside the family firm, she is currently working as an agent for Freud U. Lent, the hottest contemporary artist of the 1980s. Stock has a contract to distribute Lent's work through Olio's, a fashionable art gallery that skyrocketed to international fame when Freud U. Lent burst onto the world art scene a couple of years ago. A passionate art connoisseur, Stock has helped her father build his celebrated collection of old masters and contemporary art. These endeavors have left her little time for suitors, and she is unmarried.
Costume Suggestion: Elegant attire, possibly a suit.
Wirth was an infant when Jon K. Bonds adopted him and raised him as a son. Wirth has already made his mark on the world of politics, having just become New York's youngest senator. His recent election victory has been attributed to his dark good looks, casual manner and straightforward approach to major issues of the day. Wirth is viewed as a righteous defender of the common man, and he vowed to rid the state of corruption in his election platform. He has focused on white-collar crime, particularly the activities of insider traders on Wall Street. Many notable figures in the financial community are very concerned about his growing power and influence. There is already speculation that Wirth would be an outstanding candidate for President of the United States, but he is noncommittal at this point.
Costume Suggestion: Dress shirt with top button undone and tie pulled down a couple of inches, shirt sleeves rolled up.
Portia's ancestral title is Countess Portia F. Posure Marie Emm Olde Olio, but she is known as Portia (sounds like the car her chauffeur drives) to her friends and associates. Descended from Italian nobility, her stately manner complements a shrewd intelligence. Each of Portia's four marriages to elderly department store moguls has ended in tragedy. By wisely investing her inheritances through Bonds & Trage, she has managed to amass a considerable fortune. A favorite of society watchers, she regularly appears on lists of the world's best-dressed women, and she loves to fly to Paris and Milan every few weeks to shop. Art is her passion, and she owns the majority of the renowned Olio's gallery.
Costume Suggestion: Very elegant attire, as befits one of the ten best-dressed women in the world.
Portia's daughter from her first marriage, Lolita grew up with a "silver spoon" in her mouth. She led a very dull and lonely existence until a few years ago. Shuffled from one boarding school to another, she finally arrived at Marie A. Richman's famous finishing school in Paris, where she blossomed from a shy, dull girl into a sparking debutante. She returned to New York after graduation and developed her hobby of photography into a promising career. Her voyeuristic style won critical acclaim with her first exhibition, "Surveillance and Love," at Olio's Gallery. She is now hard at work on her next exhibition, "High on Love." Her loving godfather, Jon K., gave her shares in the Argonaut Fund.
Costume Suggestion: Classy and practical dress, French beret, a camera.
Known to everyone as "Arby," many consider him to be the silent force behind Bonds & Trage. He is a financial wizard with a razor-sharp mind and a flair for creative financing, which has guided the firm through some hard times. Arby and Jon K. started with virtually nothing and built their company into a powerhouse on Wall Street. Despite the company's public profile, Arby is an intensely private person, almost reclusive. Divorced many years ago, he spends his free time pursuing two passions: an unrivaled collection of bow ties (reputed to be New York's largest) and Italian opera. He has his own box at the Met.
Costume Suggestion: Suit with vest, bow tie.
Heiress to the Antell family fortune, she is also a high-powered social columnist for a major New York newspaper. Known as "Cassy" to her friends, her detractors use less flattering names (such as "Piranha" and "Pit Bull") once they appear in her column. Despite bitter protestations about the accuracy of her stories, none of her subjects has ever sued for libel. Only 30 years old, her far-reaching reputation belies her tender years. Cassy is known for her glittering entrances at all the right parties, and frequently those entrances have been on the arm of Jon K. Bonds. Some of her pettier detractors joke that she is so social she would attend the opening of an envelope.
Costume Suggestion: Evening gown and jewelry.
Known to friends and associates as Rob, he is a partner in the prestigious New York law firm of Biggs, Borrow, Steele & Ublynd. A long-time friend and confidant of Jon K. Bonds, he is solely responsible for handling Jon K.'s personal legal affairs. Coming from a humble beginning in entertainment law, Rob is characteristically outspoken and dresses ostentatiously, in sharp contrast to his more conservative peers. Rob is a man of vision, and he thinks big. His flamboyant personality and good sense of humor make him a sought-after companion in the entertainment world of Wall Street's elite. The prefix "mega" is an important part of his vocabulary: he frequently describes the mega-contracts he negotiates for mega-deals worth mega-bucks..
Costume Suggestion: Flamboyant, bright clothes, a tie and wire-rimmed glasses.
Roman Ruins.
Having mentioned your name in his Roman epic, the renowned poet, Flabbius Corpus, invites you to a banquet for the premier recitation of his historical work. When you arrive, you discover there's been a murder in the garden and a priceless statue is missing. You assume the role of one of these great Roman characters and solve the mystery. Like a history lesson come to life, the schemes of less-than-noble characters are laid bare.
An excerpt from the Annals of Tacitius:
"The Reign of Licentius Caesar"
... The sudden demise of the greatly beloved Disgustus Caesar could have thrown the Empire into chaos, had this wise ruler not had the foresight to plan an orderly succession. His will attested unequivocally to the character and ability of his chosen heir - his son, Licentius Caesar. Unlike his father at his accession, Licentius had not yet served as a senator, an administrator, or a military commander. In fact, about the only thing Licentius had accomplished thus far had been finishing grammar school - and even that substantially late. But Disgustus was known to be a shrewd judge of character, and Rome was reassured by his unqualified affirmation of Licentius' suitability, as expressed in his will. As he worked to gain the support and cooperation of the various aspects of the Roman power structure, Licentius depended on the talents of his lifelong friend, the poet, Flabbius Corpus. Flabbius was best known for his popular works, collected in the "Writ of Flabbius Corpus". Eager to enjoy the respect of posterity, as well as the esteem of the populace, Flabbius gathered material for an epic history of the reign of Licentius. . .
Characters.
As ruler of the known world, Licentius Caesar walks proudly in the noble tradition of his late father, Disgustus Caesar. When Disgustus died unexpectedly several years ago after eating some tainted shellfish, the youthful but determined Licentius managed to put aside the cloak of grief that weighed heavily on him and took on the mantle of leadership. Since that tumultuous day, Caesar has made great efforts to bring together the military, the temple, the senate, and business interests in new and unique ways. As a devoted friend of poet Flabbius Corpus, Licentius Caesar also demonstrates an undying interest in the arts. He considers the arts an essential complement to the rigors of statecraft and international relations. His current international relation is a particular Queen of the Nile.
Costume Suggestion: Purple cloth draped over a tunic. Laurel leaf crown.
The fate of the Roman empire lies in the able services of Vestal Virgins, such as Rotunda Immaculata. The Vestals keep the eternal fires burning, thus ensuring the safety of Roman ships, the strength of Roman legions, and the success of Roman government. Rotunda comes from a prominent family, as all Vestals do, and she was chosen for her honored position at the tender age of 8. Now she is a beautiful but demure young woman looking forward to many, many more years as a humble servant of the empire.
Costume Suggestion: Tunic with robe, veil and scepter.
Maximus is a renowned military commander—a master of warfare. His battles against the Gauls are already becoming legend. He has little use for such intellectual conceits as trickery and delicate subterfuge, but instead has built his reputation on bold, head-on attacks. With Mars, the god of war, fighting on his side, his armies crash through enemy ranks like a massive fist, flattening everything in sight. He is proud, with a no-nonsense personality, rugged good looks and a truly intimidating physique.
Costume Suggestion: Orange tunic with armor breastplate and centurion helmet.
Cleptopatra, Queen of the Nile, embodies all of the mystery and extravagance of Egypt—the richest land in the Roman empire. Mesmerizing in her beauty, she is beloved by the Egyptian people, who believe that she lives on a higher plane of existence than their Roman masters. Cleptopatra's solid-gold barge is a common sight in the harbor of Rome, for she visits the Eternal City regularly to forge new political relationships and alliances... and she has developed a rather steamy romantic alliance with Licentius Caesar. Cleptopatra is well-acquainted with Flabbius Corpus, who makes frequent visits to Egypt and has even contributed to its rich culture.
Costume Suggestion: Cleopatra hairstyle with Egyptian makeup, jewelry and long, brightly colored slinky gown or tunic, and a gold crown.
The enigmatic and intense Bogus Fortunatus rose from the ranks of a mysterious priestly order, and honed his skill at predicting the future by examining animal intestines. But his life was changed forever when he composed the surprising hit song," Happy Entrails to You" which catapulted him into the public eye. Shortly thereafter his accurate prediction of the destruction of Atlantis propelled Bogus to fame throughout the empire. Within a year his numerous fanatical followers elected him supreme priest of an immensely popular chain of temples dedicated to the worship of Disgustus Caesar, and the shellfish that destroyed him. This Cult of The Blue Oyster has become all the rage in the empire, as people try to recapture the good old days before Licentius' ascension to the throne. Now Bogus dines with emperors and reads livestock intestines for Rome's elite.
Costume Suggestion: Toga with tunic and shawl on head.
Flotilla claims to be the only face that can truly launch a thousand ships (although that face has seen better days). In fact, she became the prosperous owner of a large, flourishing shipping operation when her husband's ship tragically fell off the edge of the earth two years ago. Her many ships (including the "Titanicus", the "Lucitanius", and the "Poseidon") carry all-important grain throughout the Empire. In fact, her fleet has sometimes been called "the jugular vein carrying the lifeblood of the Roman empire." Respected by all, Flotilla is statuesque, regal in bearing and has a keen business mind. A mature woman, yes, but still in her prime. She is also the next-door neighbor of the poet, Flabbius Corpus.
Costume Suggestion: Long, regal, sophisticated tunic with jewelry.
Harangus is the epitome of a successful senator. He is a multifaceted man—part politician and part philosopher, but all Roman. As a military tribune, years ago, he stormed the shores of Normandy... and conquered the Normans. Harangus owns a considerable amount of land in and around Rome, but he does not crave wealth and property. He holds closely to Stoic philosophy, maintaining complete control over his emotions and eliminating all wants and desires. If given the opportunity, he will expound on the virtues of Stoicism for days on end, as he did in his now-infamous, three-day oration, "It's my party, and I'll be Stoic if I want to."
Costume Suggestion: Toga with a purple border worn over a tunic.
Mercedes is Flabbius Corpus' ravishing wife. Not since Paris fell for Helen of Troy has one woman made such an impact on one man. She is the driving force and inspiration behind the great poet's work. Friends call her a "daughter of Bacchus" (the god of revelry), for she loves the fast, wild life and throws lavish parties at every opportunity. She can often be seen tearing around in her four horse-powered chariot. Mercedes is a free-spirit with strong opinions and a flighty personality. She has also been gifted by all the muses—particularly the muse of interior decorating. Her home is a gallery of fabulous objects from all corners of the empire, including several priceless sculptures.
Costume Suggestion: Long, glamorous black tunic accented with a lot of jewelry.
The Good, The Bad, and the Guilty.
It is 10:10 p.m., 2 July 1881-a balmy evening in the little Wyoming Territory town of Roadkill. In response to a warm invitation from His Honor, Judge Waylon Payne, you have gathered in his home, beside the courthouse, in the heart of town, for a sumptuous dinner. Dinner will be followed by the hanging of the infamous, formerly elusive Malevolent Seven-a villainous gang of criminals rumored to have secretly victimized your fair territory for many years. Although no one knows the identity of the Malevolent Seven, everyone will find out tonight.
June 19, 1881
My Dearest Friends,
In my tireless attempts to rid the town of Roadkill of the villainous scum that is corrupting our citizens, I take pride in announcing the capture of the Malevolent Seven-a dastardly conspiracy of criminals that has secretly victimized our fair territory for far too many years. To celebrate this landmark moment in law enforcement, I have erected eight gallows on Main Street: seven for the execution of this thieving, murderous band, and one for good luck. The execution will take place at midnight on the second of July, to "kick off" festivities for the Fourth of July weekend. As a crowd is expected, I've reserved prime seating for you, my most honored guests and dear friends. You shall be served a sumptuous meal in my home prior to our thrilling main event, which will begin with the hanging of the mysterious masked horseman who masterminded the Seven's unsavory crimes. So, leave your affairs in order, and come join me in this triumphant celebration. The honor of your presence is required.
Sincerely,
Waylon Payne
Characters.
Legendary Butch Chastity is the first lady of outlaws. Her all-woman gang are the Amazons of the American West. There's nothing coy or dainty about Butch. She can drink her fellow outlaws under the table; she can hold her own in a gamer of poker; she can rob a stagecoach in record time; and she can skill a man just as soon as look at him—and often does. In her secret hide-out, a place called the Hole in the Mud, Butch plans the most daring of heists, including her many famed train robberies. It has been rumored that Butch has gotten away with more gold than any outlaw alive.
Costume Suggestion: Dungarees or jeans, boots, suspenders, gun belt, pistol, holster, bandanna and cowboy hat.
When a mysterious lone gunslinger rides into some dusty western town, it's usually P'elvis Swagarin. Solemn, poker-faced, bowlegged—he's a cowboy's cowboy. Born Peter Elvis Swagarin, he's P'elvis to those who know him. He's a man with no belongings but the shirt on his back, his gun and his saddle... a man who sleeps beneath the icy stars, a horse his only companion. P'elvis appeared out of the prairie heat just two days ago, and ever since he arrived, the whole town of Roadkill has been whispering in hushed tones, wondering who he is and what he wants...
Costume Suggestion: Dungarees or jeans, chaps, boots and spurs, suspenders, gun belt, pistol, holster, bandanna and cowboy hat.
Matriarch of the Handcart clan, Helena is the mother of the Handcart boys: all thirteen of them. Billy-Bob, Bobby-Rae, Little Ricky, Martin and Lewis, Harpo, Groucho, Sleepy, Sneezy, Manny, Moe and Jack. Oh—and, of course, the Beav. Unfortunately, she had to bury all thirteen of her sons after they were tragically killed in a shoot-out at a dairy farm. The now infamous gunfight at the Parkkay Corral left her with nothing but memories. A strong woman, she has been able to survive, although most of the time she remains secluded on the sprawling Handcart Ranch, managing the family cattle business. Helena owns half the territory and never lets anyone forget it.
Costume Suggestion: Long black skirt with matching blouse, brooch, gloves, bonnet.
Chief Breaking Win is the distinguished leader of the Cowpai tribe—an honorary position these days, since the entire Cowpai tribe fell victim to a mysterious disease several years ago and perished. Still, the stoic chief keeps his traditions alive, trusting that, with his help, the Cowpai will rise again. Unwillingly relieved of his tribal responsibilities, the chief has since opened a successful barber shop in town, ignorant historical references notwithstanding, hasn't scalped a soul. Still, no one ever angers the chief.
Costume Suggestion: War paint and a breechclout for the truly adventurous; loose-fitting trousers, tunic with embroidered or painted symbols, native-design blanket, moccasins or soft, slouchy boots, black braids, feather headdress.
Elvira-Lynn is the consummate soiled dove and makes no bones about it, so to speak. She's known throughout the territory, and there's even that famous saloon song written about her-- "My Heart Burns for You, and Other Places, Too". She's the proud madam of the Pigeon Ranch, the best little you-know-what in Roadkill. Since Judge Waylon Payne is one of her steadiest clients, the law does a good job of looking the other way. To look at her now, you'd never guess she was born in the gutter and suffered a sickly childhood, battling everything from consumption to bubonic plague. But now she spreads, among other things, sunshine wherever she goes.
Costume Suggestion: Low-cut blouse, corset, garters and patterned hose, be-ribboned bloomers, fancy hat with feather plumes, cigarette holder.
Wyatt Hertz is by far the most famous lawman in the West. He kept the wild frontier town of Roadkill under tight control, keeping the locals in line with an iron first of fear. That is, until a shotgun blast caught him in the tender parts. Legend has it that Wyatt was ambushed by the vicious Partridge Family gang, and he didn't stand a chance. That was a year ago. Since then, he's retired, letting Judge Waylon Payne reign as both sheriff and justice of the peace. Now Wyatt runs a lucrative rent-a-horse business. He never lost a gunfight, and some folks believe he could take out a whole gunslingin' gang with a single round from his six-shooter.
Costume Suggestion: Dungarees or trousers, full-cut white shirt with black scarf or bolo, brocade vest.
She is known as just Adela to her friends, Adela is a Mexican beauty with the most pious of spirits but is plagued by bad luck. She's been thrice-widowed—each time as a newlywed. Her first husband, a local politician, died shamefully during one of his secret outings to the Pigeon Ranch. Her second husband, the town pastor, died while preaching, and her third husband, the town undertaker, keeled over from exhaustion while planting the thirteen Handcart boys. Now poor Adela is left to deliver Sunday sermons and forced to become town undertaker. Still, she knows that she will rise above her misfortune. Until then, she'll continue to wear her black mourning veil.
Costume Suggestion: Black blouse and long skirt, black gloves, large hat heavily draped with black net or tulle.
Young Elias is an up-and-coming heart-throb gunfighter. He can dazzle spectators with his quick draw and a spin from his guns, and when he's not showing off his slinging skills, he's demonstrating his pugilistic prowess. He's known as the best brawler west of the Mississippi and comes out of every fight with nary a scratch. Orphaned as a boy, Elias was raised under the firm, wise hand of Judge Waylon Payne. After a patriotic stint with the U.S. Cavalry, Elias returned home to Roadkill and to the women who adore him.
Costume Suggestion: Tight dungarees or jeans, half-unbuttoned plaid shirt showing genuine or applied chest hair, sideburns, mustache, bandanna tied at neck, gun belt, pistol, holster, boots and cowboy hat.
Tragical Mystery Tour.
Since you happen to be among the tuned-in, turned-on crowd, you've been invited on a cross-country road trip to Beefstock with one of the hippest rock singers of all time—the legendary Miss Hedda Leiss. While you're hanging out at her "love pad," an explosion rocks the house. The psychedelic bus you were going to take cross country has been turned to dust with someone on board.
Characters.
Record producer and celebrated playboy Philip Mabong is founder of the wildly successful C.T.&A. Records and has boosted many struggling bands into superstardom. He is best known for producing the immortal ode to the road "Born to be Vile," by Steppencrap. A hedonist of the highest order, Philip has embraced the hippie movement---and only produces music with messages of peace, love and chemical enlightenment. Most recently he has made rock artist Hedda Leiss the most successful female artist of the decade and, in fact, has been Hedda's lover for several blissful years.
Costume Suggestion: Nehru jacket, bright sports coat with tie-dyed shirt, or ruffled shirt (or no shirt at all). Lots of jewelry.
Jamaica's the Rastafarian party girl, whose dreadlocks, laid-back attitude and fun-loving personality have made her the life of every party. The buzz is that Jamaica is good luck, and wherever she goes the most wonderful things tend to happen. A free spirit with a lust for life, Jamaica glides through the world with a carefree attitude. Jamaica has become a regular with the Hedda Leiss entourage, since Hedda swears by her herbal remedies for everything from hangnails to hangovers.
Costume Suggestion: Dreadlocks, halter top, flowered bell bottom.
Mind-expansionist and spiritual guru Timothy Bleary began as a humble florist but soon became famous for his counter-culture writings. He coined that now famous phrase "Tune in, turn on, and put out." He is also the founder of the Church of the Vacant Mind, and his followers can often be seen pushing Bleary's floral arrangement at street corners and airport. Recently church membership has multiplied in amazing proportions. All new members donate everything they own to Bleary in return for the transcendental honor of dispensing bouquets of love and peace to the unenlightened masses. Naturally this has endeared Bleary to the hippie culture and has padded his pockets with plenty of bread.
Costume Suggestion: A flowery shirt or frock, multi-colored sunglasses and the yin/yang sign painted on forehead.
Former Miss Wisconsin Enya Goddard-Daveeda was once the debutante next door. She was voted Miss Congeniality and was first-runner up to Miss Hawaii in last year's Miss American pageant. Unfortunately, Enya was ejected from the pageant when she tried to bludgeon Miss Hawaii with her own crown shortly after the winner was announced. After losing her bid to be Miss American, Enya began a long fall into American counter-culture. She has taken a sudden interest in the music of Hedda Leiss and the philosophy of Timothy Bleary. In fact, Bleary has taken Enya under his wing and turned her into the Church of the Vacant Mind's High Priestess of Love—a position that has gained her more adoring fans than she could ever have hoped for.
Costume Suggestion: Everything white and loose fitting, bell-bottoms, a kerchief around the neck and flowers painted on face and arms. Or going in the other direction, white boots and miniskirt.
Astronaut Juan Stepford Mann is one of NASA's golden boys. He's a highly decorated Air Force major with the right stuff and is bound for the moon on one of the next Apollo missions. Although he really doesn't understand the hippie movement, he's been Burnette DeBrah's escort for several months now, and she has introduced him to heads of state as well as the hippie elite. The tuned-in, turned-on crowd despises the establishment he represents, but when it comes to the love-ins, he is, shall we say, largely welcome—in fact he's known on the love circuit as "Apollo Thirteen." Although he doesn't do mind-expanding drugs himself, lately he's been fraternizing with some highly brain-fried individuals. It's all very new and exciting for Juan, almost enough to make him forget his mysteriously tragic childhood.
Costume Suggestion: An Air Force uniform, or conservative white shirt, with dark slacks and a paisley tie.
Rumored to be the founder of the "low-fee love" movement, Reina Terra is the consummate groupie. She has traveled with the likes of The Tyrds, The Strolling Bones, and even The Crateful O'Dead before gaining notoriety for giving birth to the son of that flamboyant rock star, Nick Jaguar. Reina is always at the cutting edge of hippie fashions and is commonly recognized as the inventor of tie-dye. In recent months, Reina has become a regular in superstar Hedda Leiss's entourage, and, in fact, the singer considers Reina to be her closest friend.
Costume Suggestion: Tie-dyed everything, love beads, bare feet to show off ankle bracelets.
Nate, student body president of U.C. Burpley, is the upstart activist who masterminded a march on Washington that packed in millions on the Mall from the Capitol buildings to the Washington Monument. Although he was born into one of the nation's wealthiest families, he has rejected his privileged upbringing and uses his family's wealth to fund protest rallies. It is there that he inspires students around the nation with his speeches on peace, free love, and tax shelters. Handsome and suave, he's the reason young girls leave home to camp out around the Burpley campus.
Costume Suggestion: Head band, beaded vest, peace-sign medallion, tattered jeans, mood ring, sandals or thongs.
Feminist Burnette DeBrah has led a crusade against the oppression of women—as evidenced by her successful "Bras Across America" campaign—in which thousands of women hooked together their brassieres from coast to coast and set them aflame. Since then, Burnette has been a rising political star, challenging the congressional "boys club" with a bid for Congress this coming November (which she is likely to win). Although a few years older than the Now Generation, they still consider her a groovy, tuned-in chick. Most recently she can be seen escorted by Major Juan Stepford Mann. You can't miss Burnette in any crowd because of her commanding voice and those wide-brimmed floppy hats that have become her trademark.
Costume Suggestion: Brightly colored business skirt and jacket, wide-brimmed floppy hat, oversized sunglasses.
Maiming of the Shrew.
My dearest fellows:
When frosty winter shall besiege thy brow, come ye, my friends, to Twelfth Night at the Glib. Such revelry the gods may still allow for foodstuffs sticking tightly to the rib. Her Royal Highness Queen Illicibeth shall with her presence deign us at our spree. With recipes of our Lady MacDeth, O verily what foods these morsels be!
My lovely lady Katheter DeVane doth with me host our heavenly soiree. Her beauty driveth many men insane, but only I could steal her heart away. So join us at our genuine behest and take the blade of revelry to breast!
In Her Majesty's Service
- William Sheepsheare
Characters.
Her Royal Highness Queen Illicibeth, also known as "the Urgin' Queen," is the tough-as-nails and severely over-dressed monarch of England. She single-handedly pulled the realm up by its bootstraps with a heavy hand and, thus, is the most loved monarch there has ever been. Aside from the recent and catastrophic defeat of her army by the French, she has been highly successful in all her endeavours. The secret of her success is her ability to move from day to day dispensing with the past and always looking to the future. The queen is a patron of the arts, is quick of wit and enjoys a good time. The preferred way to address her is "Your Majesty" or simply "Queen Beth."
Costume Suggestion: Layers of puffy, pleated clothing maketh the queen. The queen would wear her best Christmas dress, adorned in gold, red and green. The wider the girth of the skirt, the better. Large rings, jewelry and, of course, a crown are ever appropriate for a monarch.
"Double, double, toil and trouble, took her wealth and made it double." What began as an old family recipe for stuffed mutton intestines exploded into a chain of swifte foode restaurants loved by everyone from the Gauls to the Celts. Once you've visited a MacDeth's and had your first taste of McHaggis, you will never be the same. With her husband as legal owner and proprietor, the MacDeths have put most other restauranteurs out of business. Ravishingly beautiful, but of wintry demeanor, the imposing Lady MacDeth is respected and feared in courtly circles.
Costume Suggestion: A long-sleeve, high-necked dress in blacks, purples and lavenders—the colors of mourning. Hair should be pulled back into a tight bun. Heavy eye makeup also should be worn.
Deposed of her crown by Queen Beth, this youthful and beautiful monarch of a northern realm flaunts her pretty little head in public circles, bad mouthing Queen Beth at every turn. Always decked out in the latest Illicibethan fashions, when Mary enters a room, you can hear a quill drop. She is quick of tongue, rash of action and has started wars on a whim. Nevertheless, she is tolerated in Queen Beth's court, as her dimissal would surely turn her people against English rule.
Costume Suggestion: Mary's attire should be silky and sheer, as she is such an alluring temptress of a royal. Very little jewelry will Mary Queen of Schnapps wear—perhaps a choker and a silver flash hidden somewhere on her body.
Several months ago, Ophelia survived a tempest that cast her, the only survivor of a shipwreck, onto England's shores. As a show of compassion, Queen Beth took Opehlia in, and now she works as Queen Beth's personal maidservant. Ophelia is by no means a youngster, but has seasoned into life's prime very well, indeed, with a beauty that makes it difficult to guess her age.
Costume Suggestion: The bright colors of a common, but flamboyant woman. A working girl's dress and boots "that are made for walking." Flagrant flowers adorn the hair, and a corset is always in order.
Spamlet is the young, but troubled prince of a country known for its drippy sentimentality. He is prone to glorious fits of elation and sullen bouts of melancholy, but regardless of his emotional state, he speaks the words of the soul. It is that honesty of spirit that makes him a fine diplomat and a much-loved prince, both at home and abroad. He has a gentle, loving nature and looks that could melt the heart of a witch. Queen Beth has taken Spamlet under her wing to train him for the day he will be King of Hallmarke.
Costume Suggestion: Black, black, thy clothes are black, and tight fitting at that. Black turtleneck, black pants---leather perhaps (or tights, if thou art daring). A large amulet on heavy chain completes the Prince's garb.
Caliban is a gruff commoner with strong, chiseled features that are both handsome and intimidating. Unlike the dainty men of court, Caliban has a rugged, textured face, and his eyes bear the hypnotic aspect of a hungry wolf. Countless young maidens have been drawn to his animal magnetism. He is a commoner to be sure, but few commoners have had either the charisma or the audacity to gain the attention of the ruling class.
Costume Suggestion: A commoner in a royal court, Caliban doth defy the mores of the day. He shall wear bright, tight-fitting pants and a frilly shirt open part or all the way. Few accessories be needed but for a money purse around the waist.
This shrewd tradesman made his fortunes in the creation of a sport of ball now enjoyed by noblemen throughout the land. Rumor has it, however, that the score is love in Queen Beth's court. He can often be seen in Queen Beth's company. Distinguished and dignified, Gridlock has turned male vanity into an art form, and his gilded vestments are the envy of many an aristocrat. Recently the court has been lauding his bravery, for just last month he took an assassin's arrow in the shoulder that was meant for the Queen. For his bravery, he is scheduled to be knighted in a fortnight and granted an enormous estate.
Costume Suggestion: Gridlock is a man of many rings—large ones on each finger. He, like the queen, will have many layers of pleated clothing—anything excessive and gaudy. A tennis racket will complete the outfit.
Costello had once been the head of an elite monastic order, but when the Duke of Flatbush tore his abbey down to build a tract hovel development, Costello sought refuge among London's theatre elite. Although he is still a holy man and dreams of reviving his monastic order, he has earned himself a reputation as a theatre critic. His scathing review of Sheepsheare's play "All's Well that Ends Where Everyone Dies" is more often remembered than the play itself. Thus, Costello is a celebrity in his own right.
Costume Suggestion: Simple garb for a complex man. A dark-hooded robe held together by a frayed rope and sandals. A bow haircut or wig befits the abbot well.
Saturday Night Cleaver.
Dear Dancin' Fools:
You are cordially invited to shake your fool thing at a special party at the one and only Flunkytown Disco, the hottest dance club in da' Bronx. As owner of Flunkytown, you can bet I'll be your boogie man on the dance floor all night long, as I always am. With that bodacious DJ Wolfman Bob crankin' the discs it will be one hapennin' night – and, hey, superstar singer Manny Baritone has promised to stop by and sign autographs. So bring your leisure suits, gold chains and platform shoes and take the love train down to Flunkytown, where we play that funky music till you die!
Be there or be square,
Stan A. Live .
Characters.
By day, Vinny is a mild-mannered mechanic, but by night, watch out! He explodes into the leisure-suited, gold-chained dynamo disco stud who has scorched the hearts of many a Bronx girl. He moves with such grace, he truly makes you believe that disco will never die. He's as cool as Baretta, and hotter than Erik Estrada.
Costume Suggestion: Gold chains, a leisure suit, and platform shoes; or a shiny, loudly patterned nylon disco shirt paired with polyester bell-bottomes (wedge a big comb in the back pocket as a finishing touch).
Brady flew out to the back streets of da' Bronx several months ago in search of his wayward son, Robby, who ran from a sheltered split-level life in West Coast suburbia in search of seedier pastures. Although Brady has not yet found his son, he has found—to his surprise—that he loves the nightlife, he likes to boogie. Now he's a wild and crazy guy with a happening perm, and a new attitude.
Costume Suggestion: Brady is much more reserved. A plain button shirt or one with a conservative print, a wide tie, and dark slacks. Permed hair (or a permed wig).
Rumored to have caused more than one heart attack among her many "dance" partners, she gives the expression "drop-dead gorgeous" new meaning. Angie's a well-endowed beauty and a regular on the New York disco circuit. From the bleached top of her coif to the tips of her stiletto pumps, Angie is a force to be reckoned with on the flashing floors of New York's discos.
Costume Suggestion: A low-cut silk dress that flares when she spins, big earrings, lots of make-up --- blue eyeshadow, false eyelashes --- and feathered/winged hair.
Polly is a rich girl from Lawn Guyland, who loves "slumming it" and coming down to the Bronx discos every chance she gets. She's not much of a dancer, but what she lacks in rhythm, she makes up for in style and ultra-expensive clothes. After wisely investing the money she got for her Sweet 16 party, Polly no longer has to rely on Daddy's money. Now, at 19, Polly's almost as rich as her Dar, H. R. Stuffincup.
Costume Suggestion: A skirt that's way too short, showing off her legs. Gaudy eye makeup and that "fashionable" white lipstick. A sheer blouse and padded bra, or a tube top.
Knight came out from Sheboygan to the Big Apple to be a star, but quickly became a student of the school of hark knocks. Now penniless, he works mixing drinks at Flunkytown's bar and lives in a one-room apartment above the funhouse at Coney Island. But his luck is changing, Knight has boyish good looks and has always been popular with the girls because, shall we say, he makes a great Harvey Wallbanger.
Costume Suggestion: A muscle shirt and embroidered or studded denim flares.
Celebrity crooner Manny Baritone is the master of love ballads and catchy disco tunes. He's in town promoting his new disco song about the new-fangled microwave oven. The song, "Copa-Amana," has gotten red-hot faster than a fork in a radar-range and has shot right to the top of the charts. Although he has a sold-out concert later this week, he's making a detour to Flunkytown Disco to sign autographs because it's smack in the middle of the Bronx neighborhood where he grew up. Beneath the sequined pantsuit, he's still just a nice Bronx boy.
Costume Suggestion: A sequined pants suit would be best, but otherwise any outfit that glitters and flashes. Platform shoes. An autographing pen, and a microphone.
Belle, Stan A. Live's wife, is the business sense behind Stan's inspiration. She's the one who took a failed neighborhood business and turned it into Flunkytown, da' Bronx's leading disco. Rumor has it that Flunkytown is beginning to get bigger crowds than the most famous disco of all: the infamous "Studio 10-to-Life." A formidable woman, Belle's as intimidating as the club's bouncers and has had to defend herself against the advances of many a drunk patron.
Costume Suggestion: Belle doesn't go in for the disco fashions. Her outfit should be much more business-like. A polyester pants suit, matching patterned shirt, dark eye make-up, hair back in a bun.
Chaka Moon is one mysterious chick. Always decked out in the latest fashions and a huge mink coat that trails on the ground, she arrives each night at Flunkytown in a flashy white Lincoln, with a stud on each arm. She sits at a corner table, conducting secret business dealings with rich men. She wears a seductive smile that never betrays her emotions, and you can't read anything in her eyes because of her silver shades that reflect the bright lights of Flunkytown like a disco ball.
Costume Suggestion: A stunning gown, reflective sunglasses, fur--- or fake-fur--- coat, long red fingernails, perfectly coiffed "glam" hair.
An Affair to Dismember.
One stormy Halloween night at the Castle Von Morgue, the creme de la creme of ghoul society have gathered for the engagement party of Neville Aster-Night and Lizzie Bordeaux.
A Storm Rages Outside and the Halloween midnight buffet at Castle Von Morgue is about to commence. Your host, Neville Aster-Night, is nowhere to be seen. As you all gather in the mourning room, the head servant apprises everyone of her masters' murder.
As you assume the role of one of these ghoulish characters and solve the mystery, you and your seven dinner guests will enjoy hours of suspense and intrigue. All you need is a sense of humour and a light-hearted approach toward deceit, larceny, and murder.
Characters.
Three thousand years in a tomb can really cramp your style --- so when he was uncovered 20 years ago, the Mummy left Egypt and has never gone back. Since then he has stalked the globe, painting the world red in search of a good time. Madness, mayhem and wanton destruction often follow in his wake because, hey, this bag of bones knows how to party. Always well-dressed in designer linen strips, the Mummy is welcome in hotspots everywhere. He is also a celebrated author --- his self-help book "Life Begins at 3,000" was on the bestseller list for years. True, he has incredibly dry skin, but the babes don't seem to mind that he's a little bit flaky.
Costume Suggestion: Use toilet paper or fabric strips wrapped around your entire body. Accessorize with Egyptian jewelry.
Constructed from body parts of various and sundry individuals, Balihi is a little bit country and a little bit rock-and-roll --- but mostly musical theater. Within weeks of his reanimation, he was accepted to Juilliard, received a degree in decomposition, and has been known to terrorize hapless villages with smarmy show tunes until their brains explode. His works include "Graveside Story," "Eternally Damned Yankees," and "Cats." Balihi is quite the ladies-monster; women adore his stylish, diamond-stud neck bolts and level head. While many women have tried to nail him down in marriage, he always broke loose before vows were exchanged.
Costume Suggestion: Frankenstein Mask (For the truly daring) Accessorize with a ballet leotard and tutu.
The younger brother of the Prince of Darkness was never cut out for a life in Heck. For one thing, his chronic respiratory condition simply can't handle the heat, and secondly, he's deathly afraid of the dark. In fact, he's rumored to sleep with a nightlight in his cavern --- hence he has been dubbed "The Prince of Dimness." Of course, that's not the only reason for the title. The junior prince has never been accused of being the brightest flare in purgatory --- but what he lacks in brains, he makes up for in boyish good looks. Well versed in all forms of decadence, the Prince spends his life party-hopping the world in his silver Rolls Royce (his brother got the gold one). Often seen with his close friend and confidant, Balihi, the two have been known to cruise the crypts for undead babes.
Costume Suggestion: Devil Costume. Accessorize with asthma inhaler and nightlight.
Hannibal Schecter is the world's only documented kosher cannibal. It all began several years ago after he heard that unforgettable lyric by Balihi, "Some enchanted evening you may eat a stranger." Hannibal did precisely that and hasn't stopped since. Following the strict dietary laws of his faith has always been a challenge for the hypnotically charming maneater --- especially because most of the people who deserve to be eaten are either swine or bottom feeders and therefore off limits. Still, he's made do, and has risen to the occasion in high style. Always dressed at the height of classic fashion, Hannibal can often be seen escorting tasty beauties to funerals, wakes, and other society functions. Not surprisingly those beauties are rarely heard from again.
Costume Suggestion: Suit and tie.
Glumda comes from the armpit of OZ; a place far from the glamour of the Emerald City. In her mountain-side village of DePressed, the scarecrows won't dance, the lions won't sing, and even the munchkins are in therapy. Always jealous of the other more prosperous enchantresses, the Witch spends much of her days casting spells of mischief to pass the time. She rarely leaves her remote fortress except to engage in her hobby of mile-hile acrobatics on her broom. Feared and respected, Glumda is statuesque woman with a piercing gaze, pale green complexion, and fingernails that could gut a grouper with a single thrust.
Costume Suggestion: Long, flowing black cloak or dress. Accessorize with pointed hat, green face, long fingernails and broom.
It is believed that early man's leading cause of death was dental trouble, but Dr. Angela Deth wants to bring back the good old days. This beautiful dentist is famous for putting her patients under --- six feet under, that is. The vivacious Dr. Deth earned the admiration of ghoulkind when she perfected the Intergenerational Root Canal. Although she was given the electric chair several years ago, she was mysteriously saved at the last instant by a blackout and escaped before the power came back on. Now, she roams the world, performing random acts of dentistry on poor unsuspecting citizens. Angela's favorite patient is the Mummy of King Aldrinktothat, whose 3,000-year-old teeth are a psychotic dentist's dream.
Costume Suggestion: Dentist's coat with a hand-held drill.
The effervescent Aretha Garlique is renowned the world over as a flamboyant clairvoyant, able to speak to departed souls over the ethernet. She has done seances for royalty and heads of state and has aided the FBI and Scotland Yard in tracking down murderers by contacting the dead themselves to get eyewitness accounts. She's channeled hundreds of men from Elvis to Alexander the Great, who, after having him, turned out not to be so great after all. Because of her supernatural powers, she is feared and hated by the undead, which is why she always wears garlic around her neck. The proper way to address her is Madame Garlique.
Costume Suggestion: A flowing skirt or dress in purples, greens and blues. Accessorize with scarf around the head and use a bowling ball to forecast the future. Tarot cards would also serve as a fun prop for the party.
This gothic and enigmatic woman hails from the south of France. Rumors that she hacked her parents apart with an ax as a child are all unsubstantiated. Besides the murders happened while her parents were on vacation in Texas and the weapon was a chainsaw. Regardless, Lizzie has had to fend for herself since her youth and has learned the cutthroat ways of business. A sharp and incisive woman, and never one to mince words, she's carved out a slice of the Transylvanian dream. Now, she's the respected owner of the Motel California and is engaged to Deadbolt's leading citizen, Neville Aster-Night.
Costume Suggestion: Black clothing and heavy eye makeup. Wear a large "diamond" engagement ring and a dress suitable for "your" engagement party.
All My Children.
Eight of Pine Valley's most colorful characters await the arrival of their host at a dinner party held at the elegant Chateau Restaurant. But high spirits soon turn to astonishment as Detective Trevor Dillon announces that their host has been murdered! Which "All My Children" suspect is guilty of committing the crime? You and your dinner guests will enjoy hours of suspense and intrigue recreating eight of daytime television's most tantalizing roles and figuring who among you is the murderer! All you need is a sense of humor and a willingness to take a lighthearted attitude toward blackmail, sex, larceny, deceit and murder. Just add eight suspects and the food. This "All My Children" special edition episode of How to Host a Murder supplies the rest!
Star Trek: The Next Generation.
STARDATE 47729.25: An eight-member away team from the "USS Enterprise-D" has found the legendary Orb of Knowledge. (Note: This is not one of the Bajoran Orbs, but an equally legendary artifact nonetheless.) However, later at a celebratory banquet, Captain Jean-Luc Picard discovers that the Orb has disappeared, and several of the personnel guarding it have been assaulted. A brief investigation leads to the fact that only someone in the away team could have committed the assault and subsequent theft of the Orb. But which one could it be – Commander William T. Riker, Dr. Beverly Crusher, Lt. Cmdr. Data, Counselor Deanna Troi, Lt. Worf, Ensign Ro Laren, Lt. Cmdr. Geordi La Forge or Ten Forward hostess Guinan?
Hot Times at Hollywood High.
You are invited to the "Most Likely" Club banquet at Hollywood High School. But when you arrive at the Hardest Rock Cafeteria, you discover that a fire in the science lab turns out to be arson. And test answers are missing from the principals office. As you assume the role of one of these eight cool characters and solve the mystery, you and your guests will enjoy hours of suspense and intrigue. All you need is a sense of humor and a light-hearted approach toward blackmail, theft and deceit.
Barbecue With a Vampire.
"You are invited to attend a barbecue at the very spooky castle of rock superstar Killian Killagan. But when you arrive, you discover that someone at the barbecue is turning helpless citizens into bats. As you assume the role of one of these eight eerie characters and solve the mystery, you and your guests will enjoy hours of suspense and intrigue. All you need is a sense of humor and a light-hearted approach toward blackmail, theft and deceit. How To Host A Teen Mystery is so much fun it's almost criminal!"
Characters.
the characters of Robin O'Positive and Killian Killagan can be played by either a male or female
Roswell that Ends Well.
You are invited to attend a luau and all-night star gazing party at Allen Ian Abduxion's Point Doom beach house. But when you arrive, you discover that someone at the party has been involved in extraterrestrial foul play.
Characters.
the characters of Carey O'Reagun and Koushpa Tater can be played by either a male or female player

</doc>
<doc id="19205196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205196" title="Detroit Tigers minor league players">
Detroit Tigers minor league players

Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players in the Detroit Tigers system.
Ramón Cabrera.
Ramón Salvador Cabrera (born November 5, 1989) is a professional baseball player in the Detroit Tigers system.
In November 2012, the Pittsburgh Pirates added Cabrera to the 40-man roster to protect him from the Rule 5 Draft. On December 5, 2012, Cabrera was traded to the Detroit Tigers in exchange for Andy Oliver.
Jonathon Crawford.
Jonathon N. Crawford (born November 1, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Detroit Tigers organization. He was drafted by the Tigers in the first round of the 2013 Major League Baseball Draft out of the University of Florida. He signed on June 14, 2013. On June 1, 2012 he threw a no-hitter against Bethune-Cookman.
Daniel Fields.
Daniel L. Fields (born January 23, 1991) is an American professional baseball outfielder in the Detroit Tigers organization.
Fields was drafted by the Detroit Tigers in the sixth round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft out of University of Detroit Jesuit High School and Academy in Detroit Michigan. Fields started his career with the High-A Lakeland Flying Tigers in 2010. He hit .240/.343/.371 with eight home runs. He spent the 2011 season with Lakeland hitting .220/.308/.326 with eight home runs. He again started the 2012 season with Lakeland but was promoted to Double-A Erie SeaWolves after hitting .266/.318/.357 with one home run in 62 games. In 29 games with Erie he hit .264/.352/.358 with two home runs. He spent the 2013 season with Erie, hitting .284/.356/.435. He was added to the Tigers 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Fields is the son of former MLB player, Bruce Fields.
Patrick Leyland.
Patrick James Leyland (born October 11, 1991) is a current Minor League Baseball catcher of the Detroit Tigers. Leyland was drafted in the eighth round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft.
Leyland was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
After he was drafted, he was placed with the GCL Tigers of the Gulf Coast League, where in 41 games he batted .219 with 12 RBIs and 32 hits. The next season, he was promoted to the Connecticut Tigers of the New York-Pennsylvania League. In 35 games, he batted .220 with one home run, 12 RBIs, 26 hits and one stolen base.
Leyland is the son of three-time Manager of the Year Award winner and former Tigers manager Jim Leyland. His cousin, Jack Miller, is an offensive lineman for the Michigan Wolverines football team.
Kyle Lobstein.
Kyle Eric Lobstein (born August 12, 1989) is a minor league baseball pitcher in the Detroit Tigers organization.
The Tampa Bay Rays selected Lobstein in the second round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft. Lobstein was selected in the 2012 Rule 5 draft by the New York Mets, and traded that same day to the Tigers.
Lobstein was added to the Tigers 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Dixon Machado.
Dixon Javier Machado Moreno (born February 22, 1992) is a Venezuelan professional baseball player in the Detroit Tigers organization.
The Tigers purchased Machado's contract after the 2012 season, adding him to their 40-man roster. He was designated for assignment on December 4, 2013, to make room on the 40-man roster for Joe Nathan.
Francisco Martínez.
Francisco Javier Martínez (born September 1, 1990) is a third baseman and center fielder who is currently on the Detroit Tigers 40-man roster.
Martínez along with Jacob Turner represented the Detroit Tigers at the 2011 All-Star Futures Game.
On July 31, 2011, Martínez along with Casper Wells and Charlie Furbush were traded to the Seattle Mariners for Doug Fister and David Pauley.
Martínez was added to the Mariners 40 man roster on November 18, 2011.
Martinez was traded back to Detroit on June 2, 2013, for a player to be named later or cash considerations.
Melvin Mercedes.
Melvin Mercedes (born November 2, 1990) is a Dominican professional baseball player in the Detroit Tigers organization.
The Tigers purchased Mercedes' contract after the 2012 season, adding him to their 40-man roster.
Justin Miller.
Justin Ryan Miller (born June 13, 1987) is a minor league baseball pitcher for the Detroit Tigers organization. He previously played in the Texas Rangers organization.
Miller played college baseball for Bakersfield College and Fresno State University. With the Fresno State Bulldogs baseball team, Miller was a member of the 2008 College World Series champions.
Miller was drafted by the Texas Rangers in the 16th round (483rd overall) of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft. The Rangers added Miller to their 40 man roster after the 2011 season to protect him from the Rule 5 draft.
Miller was activated from the Rangers disabled list on June 12, 2013 and optioned to the Double-A Frisco RoughRiders. He was released by the Rangers on September 1, 2013, and signed by the Detroit Tigers later in the month.
Miller was added to the Tigers 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Steven Moya.
Steven Moya (born September 8, 1991) is a professional baseball outfielder in the Detroit Tigers organization. He was added to the teams 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Robbie Ray.
Robert Glenn Ray (born October 1, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Detroit Tigers organization. 
Ray was drafted by the Washington Nationals in the 12th round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft out of Brentwood High School in Brentwood, Tennessee. 
Ray pitched in one game for the Vermont Lake Monsters in 2010, striking out two in one inning pitched. Pitching for the Hagerstown Suns in 2011, he went 2–3 with a 3.13 earned run average with 95 strikeouts in 89 innings pitched. Ray struggled pitching for the Potomac Nationals in 2012, going 4–12 with a 6.56 ERA. He returned to Potomac for the start of the 2013 season. After going 6–3 with a 3.11 ERA and 100 strikeouts in 84 innings, he was promoted to the Harrisburg Senators. He posted a 5–2 record with a 3.72 ERA with Harrisburg. 
On December 2, 2013, Ray was traded to the Detroit Tigers, along with Ian Krol and Steve Lombardozzi, Jr., for Doug Fister.
Tyler Stohr.
Tyler S. Stohr (born September 19, 1986 in Viera, Florida) is a minor league baseball pitcher in the Detroit Tigers organization.
Stohr attended the United States Military Academy and University of North Florida. He was drafted by the Tigers in the sixth round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft. The Tigers added Stohr to their 40 man roster after the 2011 season to protect him from the Rule 5 draft.
Eugenio Suárez.
Eugenio Alejandro Suárez (born July 18, 1991) is a Venezuelan professional baseball shortstop in the Detroit Tigers organization.
Suárez played for the Venezuelan Summer League Tigers in 2009 and 2010. He played for the Gulf Coast Tigers and Connecticut Tigers in 2011 and the West Michigan Whitecaps in 2012. He started the 2013 season with the Lakeland Flying Tigers and was promoted to the Erie SeaWolves during the season. He was added to the Tigers 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Devon Travis.
Devon Travis (born February 21, 1991) is an American professional baseball second baseman in the Detroit Tigers organization.
Travis was drafted by the Detroit Tigers in the 13th round of the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft out of Florida State University. He started his career with the short-season Connecticut Tigers hitting .280/.352/.441 with three home runs and in 25 games.
Travis started the 2013 season with the Class A West Michigan Whitecaps. He was the MVP of the Midwest League All-Star Game after going 2 for 2 with a three-run triple. He was promoted to the High-A Lakeland Flying Tigers after hitting .352/.430/.486 with six home runs in 77 games. After the season he was named the Tigers Minor League Player of the Year.
José Valdez.
José Alfredo Valdez (born March 1, 1990) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher in the Detroit Tigers organization.
Valdez played for the Dominican Summer League Tigers from 2009 to 2011. He played for the Gulf Coast Tigers in 2012. He played the 2013 season with the West Michigan Whitecaps and the Lakeland Flying Tigers and was the closer for both teams. He finished the season with 33 saves and a 2.74 earned run average. He was added to the Tigers 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19205207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205207" title="Asia Oceania Floorball Confederation">
Asia Oceania Floorball Confederation

The Asia Oceania Floorball Confederation ("AOFC") is a floorball confederation consisting of 10 nations spanning across 2 continents, Asia and Oceania.
The AOFC organizes the men's and women's Asia Pacific Floorball Championships every year.
History.
The AOFC was formed during the 2005 Women's World Floorball Championships, when the national associations of Australia, India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, and Singapore, alongside the International Floorball Federation, decided to form a Confederation in conjunction with the 2004 Asia Pacific Floorball Championships.
Organization.
The AOFC, like other IFF member nations, has a central board consisting of a President, Vice-President, Treasurer, Secretary General, and regional members.
The last AOFC general assembly was held March 2009 in Pyeongtaek, South Korea.
Central Board.
The current central board consists of a President, Vice-President, Treasurer, Secretary General, and 6 regional members.
Nations.
The AOFC currently consists of 13 nations:
Citations.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19205217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205217" title="Annie-for-Spite">
Annie-for-Spite

Annie-for-Spite is a 1917 silent film directed by James Kirkwood. The film is based upon the story "Annie for Spite" by Frederick J. Jackson.
Plot.
Annie Johnson is a poor orphan working in a shop, when one day a wealthy widow adopts her. She doesn't know she is only adopting her to take revenge on her daughter-in-law Emily. When the widow dies, Annie inherits her estate. Emily is outraged and sues her. Emily finally wins, but Annie has the last laugh when her husband falls in love with Annie and leaves Emily.

</doc>
<doc id="19205219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205219" title="Chen Puru">
Chen Puru

Chen Puru () (March 1918 - December 11, 1998) was a politician of the People's Republic of China. 
Born in Boxing, Shandong, Chen joined the Communist Party of China (CPC) in October 1937. In January 1980, Chen became the governor of Liaoning Province. From April 1982 to April 1985, Chen served as the Minister of Railways of China. 
Chen was a member of 11th and 12th Central Committees of the Communist Party of China, and a member of 13th Central Advisory Committee of CPC. 
He died on December 11, 1998 in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="19205223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205223" title="Terry Collier">
Terry Collier

Terence Daniel Collier or Terry Collier is a character in British sitcoms "The Likely Lads", "Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads", and "The Likely Lads" film. He is played by Sunderland born actor James Bolam.
In "The Likely Lads" Terry works with friend Bob Ferris as an electrician at Ellison's Electricals, before joining the British Army. During his time in the Army he marries a German woman, from whom he quickly separates (although his marriage and his time in the Army is never shown). "Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads" begins with Terry being finally discharged from the Army, and for the duration of the series he spends most of his time unemployed, although he takes short term work occasionally as a car washer, a fork-lift truck driver, and finally as a minicab driver. In "The Likely Lads" film, he works briefly as a mobile salesman.
Early life.
Terry was conceived during an air raid on Newcastle upon Tyne and born in 1944. From an early age Terry was seen as a disruptive threat to other children, and teachers would often warn other children not to talk to him for fear his disruptive influence would transfer to other children. Terry showed little aptitude in school, generally cheating his way through exams. After leaving school at 14, Terry went to night school, where he cheated at the exams, but still only failed. He eventually took work as an electrician at a large factory.
Personality.
Terry is particularly proud of his working class status, yet notably workshy (he informs Bob in one episode that he has 'dropped out of the rat race'). Terry often uses his previous Army service (in "the hot tropic night") to avoid working, because of his dodgy "spine", the "Burmese malaria", and other mysterious ailments. Terry is down to earth, quick witted, po faced and cynical. Terry has old fashioned views about women, and sees them primarily as sex objects, however as he matures, his views seem to mellow. Terry drinks and smokes heavily, tempting Bob to also indulge in the two vices he is always trying to cut down on.
Much of "Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?" consisted of reminiscent nostalgia, while the film was largely made of observations of the current status and lifestyles of the main protagonists, and perhaps fear of the future. Terry was in both cases largely the main driver behind these features of the series. Terry is usually the character to make the apt and sometimes ironic observations on life, sometimes in a drunken state, and these observations are largely the basis for the humour and pathos of the latter parts of the series.
Politics.
Terry is a fairly politicised character and often airs his views, to which Bob refers to as "The Thoughts of Chairman Collier". Terry is a staunch Socialist and often refers to the fact his uncle was on the Jarrow Marches. Bob is usually keen to remind him he was only on it until the pubs opened. Terry is scornful of any habits he sees as being 'southern', pretentious or middle class, as well as treating modern fads, conservatism and religion with the same sarcastic scorn.
Terry also holds great prejudices against everyone. In the episode of "Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?", "No Hiding Place", Terry describes his impression of several nationalities: the Italians are greasy, the Americans are flash, Orientals are brutal, Spaniards are lazy, Danes are perverts etc. He then moves onto the British Isles, 'I've never liked the Welsh', the Scotts are 'worse than the Koreans'. Bob then points out that Terry never liked Southerners, to which Terry adds that he doesn't like many local people, in fact he hates his next door neighbours. Terry narrows it all down to the fact he only really likes himself.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19205228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205228" title="Bob Ferris (Likely Lads)">
Bob Ferris (Likely Lads)

Robert Andrew Scarborough Ferris or Bob Ferris, is a fictional character in British sitcoms "The Likely Lads", "Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?" and "The Likely Lads" film played by Bingley born actor Rodney Bewes. He is single in "The Likely Lads", marries Thelma Chambers in "Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?" and is still married to her in the film. He works as an electrician and later as a civil engineer. Bob is a long-term friend of Terry Collier.
Early life.
Bob was conceived by unmarried parents, the day before his father was posted to Catterick by the British Army. Bob was born on 22nd February 1944 into a working-class family. Once he started school, he proved to be an impressionable child, on his own being conscientious, but being easily coaxed into trouble by friends, particularly Terry. At an early age Bob and Terry got into mild trouble, stealing Dinky toys from Woolworths and stealing a hosepipe. Bob left school to become an electrical apprentice with Ellisons Electrical; and while serving his apprenticeship, he also attended night school, eventually becoming a qualified electrician.
Personality.
Bob was keener than Terry to mask his working class roots. After marrying Thelma Chambers, Bob aspired to be accepted into the middle class, much to Terry's disgust. Bob enjoyed playing squash with wife Thelma, but equally enjoyed drinking with Terry. He often blamed his drinking and smoking on Terry, and also his poor diet. Although that was in part true, Bob needed little persuasion to stay out drinking with Terry rather than going home to his wife.
Bob was hard working, conscientious, and fairly conventional; and unlike Terry, he was ambitious, although he was usually in need of guidance in order to achieve his ambitions. However, he was not particularly assertive, which made him easily led by his headstrong wife Thelma and equally headstrong friend Terry.
Despite Bob's ambition and enjoyment of his new-found status, he has often defended Terry's 'down to earth' and 'unpretentious' ways, on one occasion even offending a friend of his and Thelma's in order to defend his friend.

</doc>
<doc id="19205230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205230" title="Luciano Pigozzi">
Luciano Pigozzi

Luciano Pigozzi (born 10 January 1927) is an Italian film actor. He appeared in 105 films between 1954 and 1989. He was often credited under the pseudonym Alan Collins and occasionally Alan Collin. He was born in Novellara, province of Reggio Emilia.

</doc>
<doc id="19205249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205249" title="Canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 1000 metres

These are the results of the men's C-1 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics. The C-1 event is raced by single-man sprint canoes. Because there were ten competitors in the event, heats were introduced. Both the heats and final took place on July 28.
Heats.
The ten competitors first raced in two heats. The top four finishers in each heat moved directly to the final.
Heat 1
Heat 2

</doc>
<doc id="19205251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205251" title="The People EP">
The People EP

"The People" is The Music's third EP, and the first single on Hut Records to be taken from their debut album. Videos were produced for the title track and "Let Love Be The Healer".
Personnel.
Produced and mixed by Jim Abbiss.

</doc>
<doc id="19205288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205288" title="Liu Jianzhang">
Liu Jianzhang

Liu Jianzhang () (1910 – February 14, 2008) was a politician of the People's Republic of China and a former Minister of Railways of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19205300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205300" title="USNS Sisler (T-AKR-311)">
USNS Sisler (T-AKR-311)

USNS "Sisler" (T-ARK-311) is one of Military Sealift Command's nineteen Large, Medium-Speed Roll-on/Roll-off Ships and is part of the 33 ships in the Prepositioning Program. She is a "Watson"-class vehicle cargo ship named for First Lieutenant George K. Sisler, a Medal of Honor recipient.
Laid down on 15 April 1997 and launched on 28 February 1998, "Sisler" was put into service in the Pacific Ocean on 1 December 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19205307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205307" title="Knaben">
Knaben

Knaben is a former mining community in the northern part of Kvinesdal municipality, Norway, and currently a popular ski resort. The settlement lies about 630 metres above sea level. The molybdenum mines were operated from 1885 to 1973. Buildings and constructions are still partly intact. The workers' living houses are now used as tourist lodgings. 
Nature.
The Knaben uplands ("Knabeheiene") are mainly between 750 and 850 metres. The area has a rich bird-life and animal life, with elk, reindeer, black grouse, lagopus, falcon and eagle. 
Mining activity.
Occurrence of molybdenite was the basis for the mining activities at Knaben. In 1897 it was determined that tempering of steel with molybdenum resulted in an alloy (SOURCE?) with qualities favourable for weapon production. In 1902, the mining rights of the area were bought for 6,000 kroner, and subsequently sold to an English company in 1904 for 250,000 kroner. Due to low molybdenum prices the mining operations ceased in 1909. World War I led to an uprise at Knaben. At its height ten different mining companies had operations in the area, but all operations ceased when the war was over. The Swedish company Avesta Järnverks AB took over from A/S Knaben Molybdængruber, and the production increased through the 1930s, with about 400 mine workers and a total population at Knaben of about 700.
Second World War.
At the time Norway was invaded in 1940, during World War II, the Knaben mines were the only molybdenum mines in Europe still in operation. The occupying German forces stationed about 1,000 men in the area, and established gun sites for anti-aircraft guns. The mine operations were the target for allied bombing twice in 1943. The first attack took place on 3 March, with 10 British de Havilland Mosquito strike fighters of No. 139 Squadron RAF participating. The second attack was on 16 November, when 130 American B-17 bombers from the Eighth Air Force (in its mission number 131) attacked the Knaben molybdenum mines in a raid against Norway.
Post-war.
The first school at Knaben was built in 1954. In 1973 the mining company announced it would cease operations. The mines were finally closed April 30, 1973, and the settlement was more or less abandoned. A museum, Knaben Gruvemuseum has been established in the old administration building, and is run by "Knabens Venner" and Kvinesdal municipality. Norsk Bergverksmuseum is running a pilot project at the Knaben mining community.
A large sand deposit in the valley is a visible result from 88 years of mining activity. The percentage of molybdenum was low, on average below 0.2%. The sand deposits cause some leaching of metals (cadmium, copper and molybdenum), and flotation of chemicals into the river Kvina.
Today tourism is the main activity at Knaben. There is an alpine ski resort in operation, and several mountain cabin resorts. The ski resort operates three different pistes of around 1,000m (3,280ft) each, with an elevation of 182m (597ft).

</doc>
<doc id="19205326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205326" title="The Sublime Magic of Catatonia">
The Sublime Magic of Catatonia

The Sublime Magic Of Catatonia is a compilation of singles and EPs released by the band Catatonia. It combined tracks from the "Bleed" and "Whale" singles and the "Hooked" EP. The first five tracks on this release were later re-recorded for the band's first album, "Way Beyond Blue". The "Hooked" portion of this compilation was again compiled as part of "The Crai-EPs 1993/1994 " in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19205346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205346" title="Catch the Rainbow">
Catch the Rainbow

Catch the Rainbow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19205351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205351" title="Riccardo Cucciolla">
Riccardo Cucciolla

Riccardo Cucciolla (5 September 1924 – 17 September 1999) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 60 films between 1953 and 1999. He won the Best Actor Award at the 1971 Cannes Film Festival for the film "Sacco e Vanzetti".
Life and career.
Born in Bari, Puglia, Cucciolla graduated in law, then he made his stage debut in an amateur dramatics of his city. Since 1946 he started working in radio as a prose actor and as narrator of documentaries; at the same time he started working in cinema as a dubber and a voice actor.
Cucciolla made his film debut in 1953, in Anton Giulio Majano's "La domenica della buona gente". After some minor roles, he had his first role of weight in "Italiani brava gente" (1965), followed by a significant role in Giuliano Montaldo's "Grand Slam".
Cucciolla came to national and international recognition with the leading role in Montaldo's "Sacco e Vanzetti", for which he was awarded best actor at Cannes and won a Silver Ribbon, and in the wake of that sudden popularity he intensively worked throughout the decade, alternating notable films with others of more modest quality and ambition. Starting from eighties he thinned out his appearances, mainly focusing on dubbing and television roles.

</doc>
<doc id="19205352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205352" title="Rotala (genus)">
Rotala (genus)

Rotala is a genus of plants in the loosestrife family. Several species are used as aquarium plants.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="19205353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205353" title="James Edwin Ray">
James Edwin Ray

"Not to be confused with James Earl Ray. And for other people named James Ray, see James Ray.
James Edwin Ray (born August 25, 1941) was a United States Air Force officer and fighter pilot. He was awarded the Silver Star for his selflessness and courage in the face of great danger.
Biography.
James E. Ray graduated from Texas A&M University in 1964. For two years, he flew F-105 fighter bombers in the U.S. Air Force. On his 11th combat mission, on May 8, 1966, Ray had to eject over North Vietnam and was immediately captured. He was decorated for his resistance to his captors and developing techniques for his fellow prisoners to resist his captors. He was not released until February 12, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19205357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205357" title="Charles Tidwell">
Charles Tidwell

Charles Tidwell (February 3, 1921 – May 4, 1990) was an American race car driver, best known for his career driving stock cars in the NASCAR, GASCAR (Georgia Association of Stock Car Automobile Racing), and MARC (now ARCA) circuits. His racing career lasted from 1948 to 1959. Tidwell set track records at Albany, Georgia and Macon, Georgia during his career. 
Tidwell was likely the first NASCAR driver to have a personal human mascot; "Little Willie" Leonard, an African American little person whom he befriended in spite of the racial prejudices that existed during the time. Little Willie traveled the racing circuit with Tidwell and danced in front of the grandstands for the crowd.
"The Flying B", as he was called by his opponents, raced with such greats as Fonty Flock, Tim Flock, Bob Flock, and, Lee Petty, Buck Baker, Junior Johnson, Fireball Roberts, and Nero Steptoe (aka "The Wild Indian). He also raced against the first woman racecar driver to compete against men in the state of Georgia, Ethel Flock Mobley, who was the sister of the Flock brothers. Tidwell lost his hearing during his racing career and was very likely the first totally deaf racecar driver.
Tidwell first married Mildred Smith and together they had two daughters, Sandra Tidwell and Charlotte Mae Tidwell. They later divorced and in 1963 he married LaTrelle Russ and they had one daughter, Angela "Connie" Tidwell. Charles Tidwell died in 1990 from complications related to diabetes. His daughter, Angela "Connie" Tidwell Frady, is the owner of his legacy. Charles Tidwell is buried at Macon Memorial Park Cemetery in Macon, Georgia.
Early life.
Charles Tidwell was the son of Lillie Mae Clark Tidwell and Charlie Clifton Tidwell. He was born in Crawford County (Lizella), Georgia and raised in Macon, Georgia. He was the eldest of three sons. His siblings were, Billy L. Tidwell, who also raced cars, and Jesse B. "Pop" Tidwell. 
Tidwell attended Virgil Powers Elementary School and Lanier High School in Macon, Georgia. He joined the Army just before WWII started. He was a sergeant and served on the front lines in France, Germany, and Austria. He was in the infantry and tank division. He was injured when he was struck with shrapnel. He eventually had to have his left pinky finger amputated due to the injury. Tidwell was awarded the Bronze Star Medal for his service. 
At the end of World War II, Tidwell drove a tank in a parade at Columbus, Georgia, escorting General George S. Patton.
After the war, Tidwell owned Tidwell's Used Cars on Broadway in Macon, Georgia with his father, Charlie Tidwell. He also owned a service station at one time. He owned the T&T Garage at 4007 Broadway in Macon, Georgia until his retirement in 1977. 
Tidwell also enjoyed riding motorcycles and was a licensed pilot.
Racing career.
Charles Tidwell raced on dirt tracks all over the southeastern United States from 1948 to 1959, owning a small track at one time in Talladega, Alabama. He drove with a cigar clenched between his teeth, once swallowing a burning cigar when he was in an accident and was hanging out of the door of his car.
His hometown was Macon, Georgia, where he entered many races at the Central City Park racetrack. He was also on the board of governors with GASCAR.
Tidwell's main car number was "6". He chose this number because his home was at 6 Dessau Place in Macon, Georgia. The names of some of his racecars were "The Flying B", "The Dutchess" (his nickname for his first wife, Mildred Smith Tidwell), "Flying Saucer, and "Ali Khan". He built many of his own cars and mixed his own fuel formulas.
According to the Macon newspaper, he was rated as the top driver on the Strictly Stock circuit in the southeast and in his homestate, Georgia. During his third year of racing, he won 34 track victories in one year, which was a mark no other Georgia driver could equal. He also held the title of Southeastern Champion for 8 years. The Macon Telegraph had this to say about Tidwell, "This young blond fellow is completely fearless and has the grit and determination that sets him apart everywhere he goes. He is both a demon on his motorcycle and in his racecar."
In June 1949, he set a track record at Central City Park Speedway at a speed of 32.2 seconds, and he also set a track record at the Albany, Georgia speedway for 31.2 seconds in 1952. 
Tidwell raced at the first annual race held at the Darlington Raceway in Darlington, South Carolina. During that race, he drove an Oldsmobile 88, number 102, called the Heart of Georgia Special. He also raced at Daytona, Florida when the races were still being held right on the beach.
Due to popular demand, Tidwell and his rival, Barney Smith were matched to compete in a special 5-lap winner take all race, held September 11, 1949 at Central City Park Speedway in Macon, Georgia. The race was listed as a special feature event. Tidwell took the checkered flag for the victory in front of a crowd of 5,000.
Tidwell once participated in an added attraction at the Warner Robins, Georgia track, ran by the Warner Robins Civil Air Patrol, in which he raced six laps against a Cub airplane, flown by licensed pilot, Clive Hyatt of the Warner Robins Civil Air Patrol. Hyatt kept his wing tip almost right on top of Tidwell's car the whole race and would get ahead of Tidwell at the back leg of the track when the wind was at his back. Tidwell was the winner of the race.
A few years after he lost his hearing, Tidwell retired from racing in 1959. 
Later in years, Charles Tidwell said that the only place he ever wanted to race and never did was Indianapolis, Indiana. 
Charles Tidwell's racing memorabilia was on display at the International Motorsports Hall of Fame in Talladega, Alabama for ten years and now may be seen at the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame in Macon, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="19205364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205364" title="Mary Is Coming">
Mary Is Coming

"This is based on a translation from Spanish Wikipedia."
Mary Is Coming is the first album released by the band Savoy. It was a different sound from Paul Waaktaar-Savoy's previous band, a-ha, which had gone on hiatus. Savoy aimed to be more guitar-oriented. "Mary Is Coming" was recorded in Oslo and New York City. The album sold a total of 50,000 copies in Norway and went Gold. Sales in most other countries were unspectacular, leaving Savoy without a worldwide deal. The A&R from Warner that signed the band as a spinoff of a-ha had also left the label and a lack of support from them led Savoy to later sign with EMI in Norway.
"Velvet" was re-recorded by a-ha on their 2000 comeback album "Minor Earth Major Sky".

</doc>
<doc id="19205365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205365" title="Brittney Reese">
Brittney Reese

Brittney Reese (born September 9, 1986) is an American long jumper, Olympic gold medalist, and is a five-time world champion. Reese is the indoor American record holder in the long jump with a distance of 7.23 meters.
Personal.
Born in Inglewood, California, Reese is a 2004 graduate of Gulfport High School, where she became state champion in the long jump and triple jump. She later attended MGCCC and the University of Mississippi. Reese was a member of the women's basketball team at MGCCC and was recently inducted into their sports Hall of Fame.
Career.
She was the NCAA Outdoor Champion in long jump in 2007 and 2008. Reese set a personal best in the long jump of 22 feet, 9.75 inches (6.95 meters) in July 2008 in Eugene, Oregon at the U.S. Olympic Trials to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. At the Olympics, Reese had the best qualifying jump at 6.87 meters. However, Reese placed fifth in the final, with a jump of 6.76 meters.
On May 24, 2009, in Belém, Reese extended her personal best to 7.06 m (0.7 m/s wind). This brought her to third on the American all-time list, behind Marion Jones and Jackie Joyner-Kersee.
At the 2009 World Athletics Championships, in Berlin, Reese won the long jump title with a jump of 7.10 meters, beating defending champion Tatyana Lebedeva. Reese is the third youngest champion in the history of the event.
At the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships, Reese won the gold medal in the long jump with a jump of 6.70 meters.
At the 2011 World Championships in Athletics, Reese successfully retained the gold medal in the long jump with a jump of 6.82 meters.
At the 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships, Reese successfully retained the gold medal in the long jump with a jump of 7.23 meters. She became the first woman to win back-to-back World indoor titles in the long jump when she landed a 7.23 m last round effort, the longest mark indoors since 1989, a new American record and third on the all-time indoor lists. At the start of the outdoor season she broke Carol Lewis' long-standing meet record at the Mt SAC Relays with a jump of 7.12 m.
Reese won her third consecutive long jump world outdoor title at the 2013 World Championships in Moscow with a jump of 7.01m, beating Blessing Okagbare narrowly by 2cm. 
Reese is currently represented by Mark Pryor of World Express Athletic Management.
Philanthropy.
On November 14, 2011, Reese donated 100 turkeys and her time to various homeless and religious organizations in her community of Gulfport, Mississippi as her way of "giving back" to the community that has supported her throughout her athletic career. She wanted to make Thanksgiving a little easier, in an area where there are few resources for those in need.
On October 26, 2012, in conjunction with the Gulfport School District celebrating "Brittney Reese Day"; Reese created the B.Reese Scholarship which will be awarded annually to 1 male & 1 female student who has been accepted to a 2-year or 4-year college.
On May 21, 2013, the Reese Scholarship was awarded in Baltimore County Public Schools to a deserving student accepted to college or university who participated in the Allied Sports Program coordinated by the Office of Athletics directed by Michael Sye.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19205367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205367" title="Shina Matsudo">
Shina Matsudo


</doc>
<doc id="19205383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205383" title="MTN 8">
MTN 8

arts
The MTN 8 is the current name of South Africa's oldest football (soccer) cup competition. It is made up of the top eight teams that finished in that order at the close of the ABSA Premiership season. The first round is structured such that the team at the top of the previous season's table plays the team that finished eighth; second place plays seventh; third plays sixth and fourth plays fifth. The semifinals are played over two legs.
This competition pitting the top 8 clubs is one of the longest-standing knockout cup competitions in South Africa. The winner receives R8 million. 
Since 2008, cellular giants MTN sponsor the event. It was previously known as "BP Top 8" (sponsored by BP) and "SAA Supa 8" (sponsored by South African Airways).
Prize money.
In making the tournament more exciting, the MTN 8 has changed the traditional prize money format by awarding the total prize pot – a lucrative R8 million, winner takes all prize, to the tournament winners.

</doc>
<doc id="19205384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205384" title="Emmanuel Lebrecht, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen">
Emmanuel Lebrecht, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen

Emmanuel Lebrecht of Anhalt-Köthen (Köthen, 20 May 1671 – Köthen, 30 May 1704), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Köthen.
He was the only child of Emmanuel, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, by his wife Anna Eleonore, daughter of Henry Volrad, Count of Stolberg-Wernigerode.
Life.
Emmanuel Lebrecht was born six months after the death of his father on 8 November 1670 and was declared ruler of Anhalt-Köthen under the regency of his mother immediately at birth. The Dowager Princess Anna Eleonore ruled over Köthen for almost twenty years, until her death in 1690. Two years later (in January 1692), Emmanuel Lebrecht was formally proclaimed of age and took over the government of his lands.
Marriage and issue.
When Emmanuel Lebrecht was still a young prince, he fell in love with Gisela Agnes of Rath (b. Klein-Wülknitz near Köthen, 9 October 1669 - d. Nienburg, 12 March 1740), of an old noble family of Anhalt. The Dowager Princess Anna Eleonore was totally against their liaison and tried to separated the couple by sending Gisela Agnes to Stadthagen with her sister.
After the death of the Dowager Princess and formal assumption of the rule of his principality, Emmanuel Lebrecht sent for Gisela Agnes and they finally married in a secret ceremony in Nienburg on 22 May (30 September according to some sources) of 1692. They had six children:
The morganatic marriage of a Reformist prince with a Lutheran woman from the lesser nobility brought vehements protest from the Reform Church and the other agnates of the Anhalt principalities. Nonetheless, Gisela Agnes was created Imperial Countess of Nienburg (German: "Reichsgräfin von Nienburg") on 23 July 1694.
The agnates refused to accept the marriage as dynastically valid and Emmanuel Lebrecht sued them before the Reichshofrat for libel in 1696; finally, by means of a treaty of 28 June 1698, the Princes of Anhalt-Bernburg, Anhalt-Harzgerode, Anhalt-Zerbst, and Anhalt-Dessau all recognized the issue of the marriage as lawful heirs and all descendants as princes and princesses of Anhalt with all appertaining rights, without however creating any precedent against the prescriptions of the law of the House of Ascania. The Imperial confirmation of the treaty was granted on 12 March 1699.
On August 3 of that year Emmanuel Lebrecht assigned his wife the castle, city, and bailiwick of Nienburg as dowage for life and made her "tutrix and regent" in case of the minority of his successor, with the full approval of the agnates. In 1702, he made a testament in which the principle of primogeniture was introduced in Köthen; later, there was a dispute between his two surviving sons, Leopold and Augustus Louis. Emmanuel Lebrecht died two years later leaving an infant successor, Leopold, who reigned until 1715 under the regency of his mother.

</doc>
<doc id="19205397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205397" title="Guo Weicheng">
Guo Weicheng

Guo Weicheng () (1912 - January 1, 1995) was a major general of the People's Liberation Army, a politician of the People's Republic of China, and a former Minister of Railways of China.
Belonging to Manchu people, Guo was born in Yi County, Liaoning, and joined the Communist Party of China (CPC) in 1933. He graduated from the Department of Politics at Fudan University in Shanghai and obtained a bachelor's degree of law. Guo served as a key secretary to Zhang Xueliang. 
Guo attained the rank of major general in 1955. 

</doc>
<doc id="19205407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205407" title="André Corriveau">
André Corriveau

André Corriveau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19205421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205421" title="Shigeo Ogata">
Shigeo Ogata


</doc>
<doc id="19205427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205427" title="Oxus valley">
Oxus valley

Oxus valley may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="19205428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205428" title="Daddy DJ (song)">
Daddy DJ (song)

"Daddy DJ" is an electronica song recorded by French dance act of the same name. It was its debut single from their first album "Let Your Body Talk" and was first released in France in 1999 and then in many European countries in June, 2000. The music video was produced as an animated feature. It achieved a huge success on many charts, becoming the top ten in France, Finland, Denmark, Germany and the Netherlands, even topping the singles charts in Sweden, Norway and Belgium (Wallonia).
In France, "Daddy DJ" is the 94th best-selling single of all time, with about 1,000,000 copies sold.
Cover versions.
The melody of this song has become very popular, and has been sampled many times. Here are some examples:
In 2006, this song's melody was sampled by Australian DJ S3RL on the song "Pretty Rave Girl".
In 2008, the song was sampled by Basshunter on the song "All I Ever Wanted"; two years earlier, it was sampled by the same artist on his song "Vi sitter i Ventrilo och spelar DotA" (also known as simply "DotA", especially in Scandinavia).
Crazy Frog version.
In 2009, "Daddy DJ" was covered by Crazy Frog and released as a single on July, 13 off its third album "Everybody Dance Now". It went straight to number four on the French Singles Chart.
Charts.
The song entered the French Singles Chart at a peak of number four, and totaled 15 weeks in the top 50. The song debuted at number 14 on the Eurochart Hot 100 Singles, dropping 18 places to number 32 the following week.

</doc>
<doc id="19205437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205437" title="The Truth Is No Words">
The Truth Is No Words

"The Truth Is No Words" is The Music's fourth and final single to be taken from their debut album. A video was produced for the single, which was also released as a limited edition picture disc vinyl.
Personnel.
Produced and mixed by Jim Abbiss

</doc>
<doc id="19205438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205438" title="Canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 10000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 10000 metres

These are the results of the men's C-1 10000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics. The C-1 event is raced by single-man sprint canoes and took place on July 27.
Final.
With only ten competitors in the event, a final was held.
After his victory, Havens sent a telegraph to his father Bill, who missed the eights rowing event at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris to be with his wife during Frank's childbirth. The telegram ended with "I'm coming home with the gold medal you should've won."

</doc>
<doc id="19205443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205443" title="Chicago Park, California">
Chicago Park, California

Chicago Park (formerly: Storm's Station) is an unincorporated community in Nevada County, California, United States, along State Route 174 southeast of Grass Valley, California, and north of Colfax, California.
History.
The town was settled by first-generation Italian-Americans who immigrated to the area from Chicago, Illinois.
In 1915, J.F. Siems' Mountain Bartlett Pears from his Chicago Park orchard won first prize at the Panama-Pacific International Exposition in San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="19205456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19205456" title="André Corriveau (filmmaker)">
André Corriveau (filmmaker)

André Corriveau is a film editor and director from Quebec, Canada. Corriveau won the Gemini Awards once (1994), and the Genie Award twice (1981 and 1985). In addition to the wins, he has one nomination to the Gemini Awards, six nominations to the Genie Awards, and one nomination to the Jutra Awards.
His editing credits include the 2004 documentary "My Son Shall Be Armenian".

</doc>
