<doc id="19218324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218324" title="Anabolic steroid">
Anabolic steroid

Anabolic steroids, technically known as anabolic-androgenic steroids (AAS), are drugs that are structurally related to the cyclic steroid ring system and have similar effects to testosterone in the body. They increase protein within cells, especially in skeletal muscles. Anabolic steroids also have androgenic and virilizing properties, including the development and maintenance of masculine characteristics such as the growth of the vocal cords, testicles (primary sexual characteristics) and body hair (secondary sexual characteristics). The word "anabolic" comes from the Greek ἀναβολή "anabole", "that which is thrown up, mound", and the word "androgenic" from the Greek ἀνδρός "andros", "of a man" + -γενής "-genes", "born".
Anabolic steroids were first made in the 1930s, and are now used therapeutically in medicine to stimulate bone growth and appetite, induce male puberty and treat chronic wasting conditions, such as cancer and AIDS. The American College of Sports Medicine acknowledges that AAS, in the presence of adequate diet, can contribute to increases in body weight, often as lean mass increases and that the gains in muscular strength achieved through high-intensity exercise and proper diet can be additionally increased by the use of AAS in some individuals.
Health risks can be produced by long-term use or excessive doses of anabolic steroids. These effects include harmful changes in cholesterol levels (increased low-density lipoprotein and decreased high-density lipoprotein), acne, high blood pressure, liver damage (mainly with oral steroids), and dangerous changes in the structure of the left ventricle of the heart. Conditions pertaining to hormonal imbalances such as gynecomastia and testicular atrophy may also be caused by anabolic steroids.
Ergogenic uses for anabolic steroids in sports, racing, and bodybuilding as performance-enhancing drugs are controversial because of their adverse effects and the potential to gain unfair advantage is considered cheating. Their use is referred to as doping and banned by all major sporting bodies. For many years, AAS have been by far the most detected doping substances in IOC-accredited laboratories. In countries where AAS are controlled substances, there is often a black market in which smuggled, clandestinely manufactured or even counterfeit drugs are sold to users.
List of anabolic steroids.
Endogenous anabolic androgenic steroids.
Metabolites and isomers.
Metabolites and isomers of endogenous anabolic androgenic steroids, including, but not limited to:
Pharmacology.
Routes of administrations.
There are four common forms in which anabolic steroids are administered: oral pills; injectable steroids; creams/gels for topical application; and skin patches. Oral administration is the most convenient. Testosterone administered by mouth is rapidly absorbed, but it is largely converted to inactive metabolites, and only about 1/6 is available in active form. In order to be sufficiently active when given by mouth, testosterone derivatives are alkylated at the 17 position, e.g. methyltestosterone and fluoxymesterone. This modification reduces the liver's ability to break down these compounds before they reach the systemic circulation.
Testosterone can be administered parenterally, but it has more irregular prolonged absorption time and greater activity in propionate, enanthate, undecanoate, or cypionate ester form. These derivatives are hydrolyzed to release free testosterone at the site of injection; absorption rate (and thus injection schedule) varies among different esters, but medical injections are normally done anywhere between semi-weekly to once every 12 weeks. A more frequent schedule may be desirable in order to maintain a more constant level of hormone in the system. Injectable steroids are typically administered into the muscle, not into the vein, to avoid sudden changes in the amount of the drug in the bloodstream. In addition, because estered testosterone is dissolved in oil, intravenous injection has the potential to cause a dangerous embolism (clot) in the bloodstream.
Transdermal patches (adhesive patches placed on the skin) may also be used to deliver a steady dose through the skin and into the bloodstream. Testosterone-containing creams and gels that are applied daily to the skin are also available, but absorption is inefficient (roughly 10%, varying between individuals) and these treatments tend to be more expensive. Individuals who are especially physically active and/or bathe often may not be good candidates, since the medication can be washed off and may take up to six hours to be fully absorbed. There is also the risk that an intimate partner or child may come in contact with the application site and inadvertently dose himself or herself; children and women are highly sensitive to testosterone and can suffer unintended masculinization and health effects, even from small doses. Injection is the most common method used by individuals administering anabolic steroids for non-medical purposes.
The traditional routes of administration do not have differential effects on the efficacy of the drug. Studies indicate that the anabolic properties of anabolic steroids are relatively similar despite the differences in pharmacokinetic principles such as first-pass metabolism. However, the orally available forms of AAS may cause liver damage in high doses.
Mechanism of action.
The pharmacodynamics of anabolic steroids are unlike peptide hormones. Water-soluble peptide hormones cannot penetrate the fatty cell membrane and only indirectly affect the nucleus of target cells through their interaction with the cell’s surface receptors. However, as fat-soluble hormones, anabolic steroids are membrane-permeable and influence the nucleus of cells by direct action. The pharmacodynamic action of anabolic steroids begin when the exogenous hormone penetrates the membrane of the target cell and binds to an androgen receptor located in the cytoplasm of that cell. From there, the compound hormone-receptor diffuses into the nucleus, where it either alters the expression of genes or activates processes that send signals to other parts of the cell. Different types of anabolic steroids bind to the androgen receptor with different affinities, depending on their chemical structure. Some anabolic steroids such as methandrostenolone bind weakly to this receptor in vitro, but still exhibit androgenic effects in vivo. The reason for this discrepancy is not known.
The effect of anabolic steroids on muscle mass is caused in at least two ways: first, they increase the production of proteins; second, they reduce recovery time by blocking the effects of stress hormone cortisol on muscle tissue, so that catabolism of muscle is greatly reduced. It has been hypothesized that this reduction in muscle breakdown may occur through anabolic steroids inhibiting the action of other steroid hormones called glucocorticoids that promote the breakdown of muscles. Anabolic steroids also affect the number of cells that develop into fat-storage cells, by favouring cellular differentiation into muscle cells instead. Anabolic steroids can also decrease fat by increasing basal metabolic rate (BMR), since an increase in muscle mass increases BMR.
Anabolic and androgenic effects.
As the name suggests, anabolic-androgenic steroids have two different, but overlapping, types of effects: "anabolic", meaning that they promote anabolism (cell growth), and "androgenic" (or "virilising"), meaning that they affect the development and maintenance of masculine characteristics.
Some examples of the anabolic effects of these hormones are increased protein synthesis from amino acids, increased appetite, increased bone remodeling and growth, and stimulation of bone marrow, which increases the production of red blood cells. Through a number of mechanisms anabolic steroids stimulate the formation of muscle cells and hence cause an increase in the size of skeletal muscles, leading to increased strength.
The androgenic effects of AAS are numerous. Depending on the length of use, the side effects of the steroid can be irreversible. Processes affected include pubertal growth, sebaceous gland oil production, and sexuality (especially in fetal development). Some examples of virilizing effects are growth of the clitoris in females and the penis in male children (the adult penis size does not change due to steroids ), increased vocal cord size, increased libido, suppression of natural sex hormones, and impaired production of sperm. Effects on women include deepening of the voice, facial hair growth, and possibly a decrease in breast size. Men may develop an enlargement of breast tissue, known as gynecomastia, testicular atrophy, and a reduced sperm count.
The androgenic:anabolic ratio of an AAS is an important factor when determining the clinical application of these compounds. Compounds with a high ratio of androgenic to an anabolic effects are the drug of choice in androgen-replacement therapy (e.g., treating hypogonadism in males), whereas compounds with a reduced androgenic:anabolic ratio are preferred for anemia and osteoporosis, and to reverse protein loss following trauma, surgery, or prolonged immobilization. Determination of androgenic:anabolic ratio is typically performed in animal studies, which has led to the marketing of some compounds claimed to have anabolic activity with weak androgenic effects. This disassociation is less marked in humans, where all anabolic steroids have significant androgenic effects.
A commonly used protocol for determining the androgenic:anabolic ratio, dating back to the 1950s, uses the relative weights of ventral prostate (VP) and levator ani muscle (LA) of male rats. The VP weight is an indicator of the androgenic effect, while the LA weight is an indicator of the anabolic effect. Two or more batches of rats are castrated and given no treatment and respectively some AAS of interest. The "LA/VP ratio" for an AAS is calculated as the ratio of LA/VP weight gains produced by the treatment with that compound using castrated but untreated rats as baseline: (LAc,t–LAc)/(VPc,t–VPc). The LA/VP weight gain ratio from rat experiments is not unitary for testosterone (typically 0.3–0.4), but it is normalized for presentation purposes, and used as basis of comparison for other AAS, which have their androgenic:anabolic ratios scaled accordingly (as shown in the table above). In the early 2000s, this procedure was standardized and generalized throughout OECD in what is now known as the Hershberger assay.
Body composition and strength improvements.
A review spanning more than three decades of experimental studies in men found that body weight may increase by 2–5 kg as a result of short-term (<10 weeks) AAS use, which may be attributed mainly to an increase of lean mass. Animal studies also found that fat mass was reduced, but most studies in humans failed to elucidate significant fat mass decrements. The effects on lean body mass have been shown to be dose-dependent. Both muscle hypertrophy and the formation of new muscle fibers have been observed. The hydration of lean mass remains unaffected by AAS use, although small increments of blood volume cannot be ruled out.
The upper region of the body (thorax, neck, shoulders, and upper arm) seems to be more susceptible for AAS than other body regions because of predominance of androgen receptors in the upper body. The largest difference in muscle fiber size between AAS users and non-users was observed in type I muscle fibers of the vastus lateralis and the trapezius muscle as a result of long-term AAS self-administration. After drug withdrawal, the effects fade away slowly, but may persist for more than 6–12 weeks after cessation of AAS use.
The same review observed strength improvements in the range of 5–20% of baseline strength, depending largely on the drugs and dose used as well as the administration period. Overall, the exercise where the most significant improvements were observed is the bench press. For almost two decades, it was assumed that AAS exerted significant effects only in experienced strength athletes, particularly based on the studies of Hervey and coworkers. In 1996, a randomized controlled trial published in the "New England Journal of Medicine" demonstrated, however, that even in novice athletes a 10-week strength training program accompanied by testosterone enanthate at 600 mg/week may improve strength more than training alone does. The same study found that dose to be sufficient to significantly improve lean muscle mass relative to placebo even in subjects that did not exercise at all. A 2001 study by the same first author, showed that the anabolic effects of testosterone enanthate were highly dose dependent.
Medical and ergogenic uses.
Medical uses.
Since the discovery and synthesis of testosterone in the 1930s, anabolic steroids have been used by physicians for many purposes, with varying degrees of success, for the treatment of:
Ergogenic use and abuse.
Most steroid users are not athletes. Between 1 million and 3 million people (1% of the population) are thought to have misused AAS in the United States. Studies in the United States have shown that anabolic steroid users tend to be mostly middle-class heterosexual men with a median age of about 25 who are noncompetitive bodybuilders and non-athletes and use the drugs for cosmetic purposes. "Among 12- to 17-year-old boys, use of steroids and similar drugs jumped 25 percent from 1999 to 2000, with 20 percent saying they use them for looks rather than sports, a study by insurer Blue Cross Blue Shield found."(Eisenhauer) According to a recent survey, 78.4% of steroid users were noncompetitive bodybuilders and non-athletes, while about 13% reported unsafe injection practices such as reusing needles, sharing needles, and sharing multidose vials, though a 2007 study found that sharing of needles was extremely uncommon among individuals using anabolic steroids for non-medical purposes, less than 1%. Another 2007 study found that 74% of non-medical anabolic steroid users had secondary college degrees and more had completed college and fewer had failed to complete high school than is expected from the general populace. The same study found that individuals using anabolic steroids for non-medical purposes had a higher employment rate and a higher household income than the general population. Anabolic steroid users tend to research the drugs they are taking more than other controlled-substance users; however, the major sources consulted by steroid users include friends, non-medical handbooks, internet-based forums, blogs, and fitness magazines, which can provide questionable or inaccurate information.
Anabolic steroid users tend to be disillusioned by the portrayal of anabolic steroids as deadly in the media and in politics. According to one study, AAS users also distrust their physicians and in the sample 56% had not disclosed their AAS use to their physicians. Another 2007 study had similar findings, showing that, while 66% of individuals using anabolic steroids for non-medical purposes were willing to seek medical supervision for their steroid use, 58% lacked trust in their physicians, 92% felt that the medical community's knowledge of non-medical anabolic steroid use was lacking, and 99% felt that the public has an exaggerated view of the side-effects of anabolic steroid use. A recent study has also shown that long term AAS users were more likely to have symptoms of muscle dysmorphia and also showed stronger endorsement of more conventional male roles.
Anabolic steroids have been used by men and women in many different kinds of professional sports to attain a competitive edge or to assist in recovery from injury. These sports include bodybuilding, weightlifting, shot put and other track and field, cycling, baseball, wrestling, mixed martial arts, boxing, football, and cricket. Such use is prohibited by the rules of the governing bodies of most sports. Anabolic steroid use occurs among adolescents, especially by those participating in competitive sports. It has been suggested that the prevalence of use among high-school students in the U.S. may be as high as 2.7%. Male students used anabolic steroids more frequently than female students and, on average, those that participated in sports used steroids more often than those that did not.
Adverse effects.
Anabolic steroid can cause many adverse effects.
Neuropsychiatric.
A 2005 review in "CNS Drugs" determined that "significant psychiatric symptoms including aggression and violence, mania, and less frequently psychosis and suicide have been associated with steroid abuse. Long-term steroid abusers may develop symptoms of dependence and withdrawal on discontinuation of AAS". High concentrations of AAS, comparable to those likely sustained by many recreational AAS users, produce apoptotic effects on neurons, raising the specter of possibly irreversible neuropsychiatric toxicity. Recreational AAS use appears to be associated with a range of potentially prolonged psychiatric effects, including dependence syndromes, mood disorders, and progression to other forms of substance abuse, but the prevalence and severity of these various effects remains poorly understood. There is no evidence that steroid dependence develops from "therapeutic" use of anabolic steroids to treat medical disorders, but instances of AAS dependence have been reported among weightlifters and bodybuilders who chronically administered supraphysiologic doses. Mood disturbances (e.g. depression, [hypo-]mania, psychotic features) are likely to be dose- and drug-dependent, but AAS dependence or withdrawal effects seem to occur only in a small number of AAS users.
Large-scale long-term studies of psychiatric effects on AAS users are not currently available. In 2003, the first naturalistic long-term study on ten users, seven of which having completed the study, found a high incidence of mood disorders and substance abuse, but few clinically relevant changes in physiological parameters or laboratory measures were noted throughout the study, and these changes were not clearly related to periods of reported AAS use. A 13-month study, which was published in 2006 and which involved 320 body builders and athletes suggests that the wide range of psychiatric side-effects induced by the use of AAS is correlated to the severity of abuse.
DSM assertion.
DSM-IV lists General diagnostic criteria for a personality disorder guideline that "The pattern must not be better accounted for as a manifestation of another mental disorder, or to the direct physiological effects of a substance (e.g. drug or medication) or a general medical condition (e.g. head trauma).". As a result anabolic steroid users may get misdiagnosed by psychiatrist not told about their habit.
Personality profiles.
Cooper, Noakes, Dunne, Lambert, and Rochford identified that anabolic–androgenic steroid (AAS) using individuals are more likely to score higher on borderline (4.7 times), antisocial (3.8 times), paranoid (3.4 times), schizotypal (3.1 times), histrionic (2.9 times), passive-aggressive (2.4 times), and narcissistic (1.6 times) personality profiles than non-users. Other studies have suggested that antisocial personality disorder is slightly more likely among anabolic steroid users than among non-users (Pope & Katz, 1994). Bipolar dysfunction, substance dependency, and conduct disorder have also been associated with AAS use.
Mood and anxiety.
Affective disorders have long been recognised as a complication of anabolic steroid use. Case reports describe both hypomania and mania, along with irritability, elation, recklessness, racing thoughts and feelings of power and invincibility that did not meet the criteria for mania/hypomania (Eisenberg & Galloway, 2005). Of 53 bodybuilders who used anabolic steroids, 27 (51%) reported unspecified mood disturbance (Lindstrom et al., 1990).
Aggression and hypomania.
From the mid-1980s onward, the media reported "roid rage" as a side-effect of AAS.
A 2005 review determined that some, but not all, randomized controlled studies have found that anabolic steroid use correlates with hypomania and increased aggressiveness, but pointed out that attempts to determine whether AAS use triggers violent behavior have failed, primarily because of high rates of non-participation. A 2008 study on a nationally representative sample of young adult males in the United States found an association between lifetime and past-year self-reported anabolic-androgenic steroid use and involvement in violent acts. Compared with individuals that did not use steroids, young adult males that used anabolic-androgenic steroids reported greater involvement in violent behaviors even after controlling for the effects of key demographic variables, previous violent behavior, and polydrug use. A 1996 review examining the blind studies available at that time also found that these had demonstrated a link between aggression and steroid use, but pointed out that with estimates of over one million past or current steroid users in the United States at that time, an extremely small percentage of those using steroids appear to have experienced mental disturbance severe enough to result in clinical treatments or medical case reports.
A 1996 randomized controlled trial, which involved 43 men, did not find an increase in the occurrence of angry behavior during 10 weeks of administration of testosterone enanthate at 600 mg/week, but this study screened out subjects that had previously abused steroids or had any psychiatric antecedents. A trial conducted in 2000 using testosterone cypionate at 600 mg/week found that treatment significantly increased manic scores on the YMRS, and aggressive responses on several scales. The drug response was highly variable. However: 84% of subjects exhibited minimal psychiatric effects, 12% became mildly hypomanic, and 4% (2 subjects) became markedly hypomanic. The mechanism of these variable reactions could not be explained by demographic, psychological, laboratory, or physiological measures.
A 2006 study of two pairs of identical twins, in which one twin used anabolic steroids and the other did not, found that in both cases the steroid-using twin exhibited high levels of aggressiveness, hostility, anxiety, and paranoid ideation not found in the "control" twin. A small-scale study of 10 AAS users found that cluster B personality disorders were confounding factors for aggression.
Depression and suicide.
The relationship between AAS use and depression is inconclusive. There have been anecdotal reports of depression and suicide in teenage steroid users, but little systematic evidence. A 1992 review found that anabolic-androgenic steroids may both relieve and cause depression, and that cessation or diminished use of anabolic-androgenic steroids may also result in depression, but called for additional studies due to disparate data. In the case of suicide, 3.9% of a sample of 77 those classified as AAS users reported attempting suicide during withdrawal (Malone, Dimeff, Lombardo, & Sample, 1995).
Physiological.
Depending on the length of drug abuse, there is a chance that the immune system can be damaged. Most of these side-effects are dose-dependent, the most common being elevated blood pressure, especially in those with pre-existing hypertension,
Anabolic steroids have been shown to alter fasting blood sugar and glucose tolerance tests. Anabolic steroids such as testosterone also increase the risk of cardiovascular disease or coronary artery disease. Acne is fairly common among anabolic steroid users, mostly due to stimulation of the sebaceous glands by increased testosterone levels. Conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT) can accelerate the rate of premature baldness for males genetically predisposed, but testosterone itself can produce baldness in females.
A number of severe side-effects can occur if adolescents use anabolic steroids.
For example, the steroids may prematurely stop the lengthening of bones (premature epiphyseal fusion through increased levels of estrogen metabolites), resulting in stunted growth. Other effects include, but are not limited to, accelerated bone maturation, increased frequency and duration of erections, and premature sexual development. Anabolic steroid use in adolescence is also correlated with poorer attitudes related to health.
Cancer.
WHO organization International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) list Androgenic (anabolic) steroids under Group 2A: Probably carcinogenic to humans.
Cardiovascular.
Other side-effects can include alterations in the structure of the heart, such as enlargement and thickening of the left ventricle, which impairs its contraction and relaxation. Possible effects of these alterations in the heart are hypertension, cardiac arrhythmias, congestive heart failure, heart attacks, and sudden cardiac death. These changes are also seen in non-drug-using athletes, but steroid use may accelerate this process. However, both the connection between changes in the structure of the left ventricle and decreased cardiac function, as well as the connection to steroid use have been disputed.
AAS use can cause harmful changes in cholesterol levels: Some steroids cause an increase in LDL "bad" cholesterol and a decrease in HDL "good" cholesterol.
In addition, steroids provoke a rapid increase in body weight and an accompanying rise in blood pressure, both of which leave users more vulnerable to a cardiovascular event.
Growth defects.
An important side effect to mention for high school athletes because steroids can cause the premature closure of the growth plate, leading to stunted growth.
Feminization.
There are also sex-specific side-effects of anabolic steroids. Development of breast tissue in males, a condition called gynecomastia (which is usually caused by high levels of circulating estradiol), may arise because of increased conversion of testosterone to estradiol by the enzyme aromatase. Reduced sexual function and temporary infertility can also occur in males. Another male-specific side-effect that can occur is testicular atrophy, caused by the suppression of natural testosterone levels, which inhibits production of sperm (most of the mass of the testes is developing sperm). This side-effect is temporary: The size of the testicles usually returns to normal within a few weeks of discontinuing anabolic steroid use as normal production of sperm resumes.
Masculinization.
Female-specific side-effects include increases in body hair, permanent deepening of the voice, enlarged clitoris, and temporary decreases in menstrual cycles. When taken during pregnancy, anabolic steroids can affect fetal development by causing the development of male features in the female fetus and female features in the male fetus.
Kidney problems.
Kidney tests revealed that nine of the ten bodybuilders developed a condition called focal segmental glomerulosclerosis, a type of scarring within the kidneys. The kidney damage in the bodybuilders has similarities to that seen in morbidly obese patients, but appears to be even more severe.
Liver problems.
High doses of oral anabolic steroid compounds can cause liver damage, as the steroids are metabolized (17α-alkylated) in the digestive system to increase their bioavailability and stability. Peliosis hepatis has been increasingly recognised with the use of anabolic steroids.
AAS abuse.
Anabolic steroids are not psychoactive and cannot be detected with by stimuli devices like a pupilometer which makes them hard to spot as a source of neuropsychological imbalaces in some AAS users.
Research data indicates that steroids affect the serotonin and dopamine neurotransmitter systems of the brain. In an animal study, male rats developed a conditioned place preference to testosterone injections into the nucleus accumbens, an effect blocked by dopamine antagonists, which suggests that androgen reinforcement is mediated by the brain. Moreover, testosterone appears to act through the mesolimbic dopamine system, a common substrate for drugs of abuse. Nonetheless, androgen reinforcement is not comparable to that of cocaine, nicotine, or heroin. Instead, testosterone resembles other mild reinforcers, such as caffeine, or benzodiazepines. The potential for androgen addiction remains to be determined. However, abuse of steroids is rivalling heroin use in Britain.
Abuse potential.
The Diagnostic Statistical Manual IV (DSM IV) and the International Classification of Diseases, Volume 10 (ICD 10) differ in the way they regard Anabolic-Androgenic Steroids' (AAS) potential for producing dependence. DSM IV regards AAS as potentially dependence producing and ICD 10 regards them as non-dependence producing. Anabolic steroids are not physically addictive but users can develop a psychological dependence on the physical result.
DSM.
For DSM-IV, anabolic-androgenic steroid dependency is found in the “other substance-related disorder” (include inhalants, anabolic steroids, medications) section and can be coded, depending on which diagnostic criteria are met.
ICD.
ICD–10 criteria for dependence include experience of at least three of the following during the past year:
However, the following ICD-10-CM Index entries contain back-references to ICD-10-CM F55.3:
ICD-10 goes on to state that “although it is usually clear that the patient has a strong motivation to take the substance, there is no development of dependence or withdrawal symptoms as in the case of the psychoactive substances.”
ICD-9-CM will be replaced by ICD-10-CM beginning October 1, 2014, therefore, F55.3 and all other ICD-10-CM diagnosis codes should only be used for training or planning purposes until then.
NIDA.
"Even though anabolic steroids do not cause the same high as other drugs, steroids are reinforcing and can lead to addiction. Studies have shown that animals will self-administer steroids when given the opportunity, just as they do with other addictive drugs. People may persist in abusing steroids despite physical problems and nega-tive effects on social relationships, reflecting these drugs’ addictive potential. Also, steroid abusers typically spend large amounts of time and money obtaining the drug—another indication of addiction.
Individuals who abuse steroids can experience withdrawal symptoms when they stop taking them—including mood swings, fatigue, rest-lessness, loss of appetite, insomnia, reduced sex drive, and steroid cravings, all of which may contribute to continued abuse. One of the most dangerous withdrawal symptoms is depression—when persistent, it can sometimes lead to suicide attempts. Research has found that some steroid abusers turn to other drugs such as opioids to counteract the negative effects of steroids."
Illicit use by groups.
Criminals.
Anabolic steroid use has been associated with an antisocial lifestyle involving various types of criminality.
Governments.
Law enforcement.
Steroid abuse among law enforcement is considered a problem by some. "It's a big problem, and from the number of cases, it's something we shouldn't ignore. It's not that we set out to target cops, but when we're in the middle of an active investigation into steroids, there have been quite a few cases that have led back to police officers," says Lawrence Payne, a spokesman for the United States Drug Enforcement Administration. The FBI Law Enforcement Bulletin stated that “Anabolic steroid abuse by police officers is a serious problem that merits greater awareness by departments across the country". It is also believed that police officers across the United Kingdom "are using criminals to buy steroids and abuse their power for sexual gratification" which he claims to be a top risk factor for police corruption.
Sports.
Professional wrestling.
Following the murder-suicide of Chris Benoit in 2007, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee investigated steroid usage in the wrestling industry. The Committee investigated WWE and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), asking for documentation of their companies' drug policies. Linda and Vince both testified. The documents stated that 75 wrestlers—roughly 40 percent—had tested positive for drug use since 2006, most commonly for steroids.
Causes and treatment.
Male anabolic-androgenic steroid abusers often have a troubled social background. Steroid abuse can also erode a person’s ability to keep emotions in check, and people who abuse these drugs may fly into rages at a moment’s notice. Pushing them to change their thought patterns in therapy could be difficult, as a result, as people like this might just quit their treatment programs or blame their therapists for their difficulties. Steroid users, in contrast to heroin or cocaine users, may claim that they know almost everything there is to know about the substances they take. As a result, these users might not be convinced that their drugs are unsafe, or that other people know things about their drugs that they may not have considered. These users may seem hard to reach, as they may not be frightened about their use of drugs or even willing to discuss the matter with those they don’t respect. Families may find it hard to break through this wall of denial, but therapists have a variety of tools they can use in order to help their clients. For example, some therapists focus on the personality changes and lifestyle changes steroid users experience. These therapists may ask their clients to describe how their lives were before they started using drugs, and how their lives are now.
Childhood trauma.
25% of male weightlifters reported memories of childhood physical or sexual abuse in an interview. Anabolic steroids are sometimes used by people with muscle dysmorphia (a very specific type of body dysmorphic disorder (BDD)) as a defense mechanism. Interestingly, yohimbine, while it was originally considered a flop of a supplement, because it did not increase testosterone levels as first suspected, have at higher doses been discovered to be useful to facilitate recall of traumatic memories in the treatment of post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Also, "Tabernanthe iboga" and ibogaine have been used to treat PTSD and/or addiction to anabolic steroids.
Tragedies involving AAS abuse.
Stepfather held for murder of 12 year old girl was using AAS for a long time.
Chris Benoit double-murder and suicide.
Chris Benoit took suicide after he killed his wife Nancy Benoit and strangled their seven-year-old son Daniel, led to numerous media accounts, and federal investigation into steroid abuse in professional wrestling.
David Jacobs.
On June 5, 2008, police discovered Jacobs, along with his "on-again, off-again" girlfriend, prominent fitness model Amanda Earhart-Savell, both dead of multiple gunshot wounds from a .40 caliber Glock handgun. Police shortly thereafter began characterizing their investigation as consistent with a murder-suicide. Police had been alerted to possible foul play after friends of Savell had reported she had been missing for several days, and officers were sent to check on their welfare at Jacobs' house located in Plano, Texas. Also found in Jacobs's house were "146 vials of steroids, 10 syringes, scales, bags with steroids and marijuana, a computer, and a .22 semi-automatic gun with ammunition."
Kandahar massacre.
Robert Bales, a former United States Army staff sergeant who fatally shot 17 Afghan civilians (nine children—some as young as two years old—four women and three men) in Panjwayi, Kandahar, Afghanistan, on March 11, 2012 – an event known as the Kandahar massacre, said he'd taken the steroids he was charged with solely to be "huge and jacked" and blamed them for "definitely" increasing his irritability and anger. His lawyers have also said he had suffered from post-traumatic stress and a traumatic brain injury.
Legal and sport restrictions.
Legal status.
The legal status of anabolic steroids varies from country to country: some have stricter controls on their use or prescription than others though in many countries they are not illegal. In the U.S., anabolic steroids are currently listed as Schedule III controlled substances under the Controlled Substances Act, which makes simply possessing of such substances without a prescription, first offense, a federal crime punishable by up to one year in prison. Unlawful distribution or possession with intent to distribute anabolic steroids punishable as a first offense is punished by up to ten years in prison. In Canada, anabolic steroids and their derivatives are part of the Controlled drugs and substances act and are Schedule IV substances, meaning that it is illegal to obtain or sell them without a prescription; however, possession is not punishable, a consequence reserved for schedule I, II, or III substances. Those guilty of buying or selling anabolic steroids in Canada can be imprisoned for up to 18 months. Import and export also carry similar penalties.
In Canada, researchers have concluded that steroid use among student athletes is extremely widespread. A study conducted in 1993 by the Canadian Centre for Drug-Free Sport found that nearly 83,000 Canadians between the ages of 11 and 18 use steroids. Anabolic steroids are also illegal without prescription in Australia, Argentina, Brazil and Portugal, and are listed as Class C Controlled Drugs in the United Kingdom. Anabolic steroids are readily available without a prescription in some countries such as Mexico and Thailand.
United States.
The history of the U.S. legislation on anabolic steroids goes back to the late 1980s, when the U.S. Congress considered placing anabolic steroids under the Controlled Substances Act following the controversy over Ben Johnson's victory at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. During deliberations, the American Medical Association (AMA), Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as well as the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) all opposed listing anabolic steroids as controlled substances, citing the fact that use of these hormones does not lead to the physical or psychological dependence required for such scheduling under the Controlled Substance Act. Nevertheless, anabolic steroids were added to Schedule III of the Controlled Substances Act in the Anabolic Steroid Control Act of 1990.
The same act also introduced more stringent controls with higher criminal penalties for offenses involving the illegal distribution of anabolic steroids and human growth hormone. By the early 1990s, after anabolic steroids were scheduled in the U.S., several pharmaceutical companies stopped manufacturing or marketing the products in the U.S., including Ciba, Searle, Syntex, and others. In the Controlled Substances Act, anabolic steroids are defined to be any drug or hormonal substance chemically and pharmacologically related to testosterone (other than estrogens, progestins, and corticosteroids) that promote muscle growth. The act was amended by the Anabolic Steroid Control Act of 2004, which added prohormones to the list of controlled substances, with effect from January 20, 2005.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, anabolic steroids are classified as class C drugs for their illegal abuse potential, which puts them in the same class as benzodiazepines. Anabolic steroids are in Schedule 4, which is divided in 2 parts; Part 1 contains most of the benzodiazepines and Part 2 contains the anabolic and androgenic steroids.
Part 1 drugs are subject to full import and export controls with possession being an offence without an appropriate prescription. There is no restriction on the possession when it is part of a medicinal product. Part 2 drugs require a Home Office licence for importation and export unless the substance is in the form of a medicinal product and is for self-administration by a person.
Status in sports.
Anabolic steroids are banned by all major sports bodies including Association of Tennis Professionals, Major League Baseball, Fédération Internationale de Football Association the Olympics, the National Basketball Association, the National Hockey League, and the National Football League. The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) maintains the list of performance-enhancing substances used by many major sports bodies and includes all anabolic agents, which includes all anabolic steroids and precursors as well as all hormones and related substances. Spain has passed an anti-doping law creating a national anti-doping agency. Italy passed a law in 2000 where penalties range up to three years in prison if an athlete has tested positive for banned substances. In 2006, Russian President Vladimir Putin signed into law ratification of the International Convention Against Doping in Sport which would encourage cooperation with WADA. Many other countries have similar legislation prohibiting anabolic steroids in sports including Denmark, France, the Netherlands and Sweden.
Detection of use.
The most commonly employed human physiological specimen for detecting anabolic steroid usage is urine, although both blood and hair have been investigated for this purpose. The anabolic steroids, whether of endogenous or exogenous origin, are subject to extensive hepatic biotransformation by a variety of enzymatic pathways. The primary urinary metabolites may be detectable for up to 30 days after the last use, depending on the specific agent, dose and route of administration. A number of the drugs have common metabolic pathways, and their excretion profiles may overlap those of the endogenous steroids, making interpretation of testing results a very significant challenge to the analytical chemist. Methods for detection of the substances or their excretion products in urine specimens usually involve gas chromatography–mass spectrometry or liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Illegal trade.
Anabolic steroids are frequently produced in pharmaceutical laboratories, but, in nations where stricter laws are present, they are also produced in small home-made underground laboratories, usually from raw substances imported from abroad. In these countries, the majority of steroids are obtained illegally through black market trade. These steroids are usually manufactured in other countries, and therefore must be smuggled across international borders. As with most significant smuggling operations, organized crime is involved.
In the late 2000s, the worldwide trade in illicit AAS increased significantly, and authorities announced record captures on three continents. In 2006, Finnish authorities announced a record seizure of 11.8 million AAS tablets. A year later, the DEA seized 11.4 million units of AAS in the largest U.S seizure ever. In the first three months of 2008, Australian customs reported a record 300 seizures of AAS shipments.
In the U.S., Canada, and Europe, illegal steroids are sometimes purchased just as any other illegal drug, through dealers who are able to obtain the drugs from a number of sources. Illegal anabolic steroids are sometimes sold at gyms and competitions, and through the mail, but may also be obtained through pharmacists, veterinarians, and physicians. In addition, a significant number of counterfeit products are sold as anabolic steroids, in particular via mail order from websites posing as overseas pharmacies. In the U.S., black-market importation continues from Mexico, Thailand, and other countries where steroids are more easily available, as they are legal.
History.
Isolation of gonadal AAS.
The use of gonadal steroids pre-dates their identification and isolation. Medical use of testicle extract began in the late 19th century while its effects on strength were still being studied. The isolation of gonadal steroids can be traced back to 1931, when Adolf Butenandt, a chemist in Marburg, purified 15 milligrams of the male hormone androstenone from tens of thousands of litres of urine. This steroid was subsequently synthesized in 1934 by Leopold Ruzicka, a chemist in Zurich.
In the 1930s, it was already known that the testes contain a more powerful androgen than androstenone, and three groups of scientists, funded by competing pharmaceutical companies in the Netherlands, Germany, and Switzerland, raced to isolate it. This hormone was first identified by Karoly Gyula David, E. Dingemanse, J. Freud and Ernst Laqueur in a May 1935 paper "On Crystalline Male Hormone from Testicles (Testosterone)." They named the hormone "testosterone", from the stems of "testicle" and "sterol", and the suffix of "ketone". The chemical synthesis of testosterone was achieved in August that year, when Butenandt and G. Hanisch published a paper describing "A Method for Preparing Testosterone from Cholesterol." Only a week later, the third group, Ruzicka and A. Wettstein, announced a patent application in a paper "On the Artificial Preparation of the Testicular Hormone Testosterone (Androsten-3-one-17-ol)." Ruzicka and Butenandt were offered the 1939 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their work, but the Nazi government forced Butenandt to decline the honor, although he accepted the prize after the end of World War II.
Clinical trials on humans, involving either oral doses of methyltestosterone or injections of testosterone propionate, began as early as 1937. Testosterone propionate is mentioned in a letter to the editor of "Strength and Health" magazine in 1938; this is the earliest known reference to an anabolic steroid in a U.S. weightlifting or bodybuilding magazine. There are often reported rumors that German soldiers were administered anabolic steroids during the Second World War, the aim being to increase their aggression and stamina, but these are, as yet, unproven. Adolf Hitler himself, according to his physician, was injected with testosterone derivatives to treat various ailments. AAS were used in experiments conducted by the Nazis on concentration camp inmates, and later by the allies attempting to treat the malnourished victims that survived Nazi camps. President John F. Kennedy was administered steroids both before and during his presidency.
Development of synthetic AAS.
The development of muscle-building properties of testosterone was pursued in the 1940s, in the Soviet Union and in Eastern Bloc countries such as East Germany, where steroid programs were used to enhance the performance of Olympic and other amateur weight lifters. In response to the success of Russian weightlifters, the U.S. Olympic Team physician Dr. John Ziegler worked with synthetic chemists to develop an anabolic steroid with reduced androgenic effects. Ziegler's work resulted in the production of methandrostenolone, which Ciba Pharmaceuticals marketed as Dianabol. The new steroid was approved for use in the U.S. by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1958. It was most commonly administered to burn victims and the elderly. The drug's off-label users were mostly bodybuilders and weight lifters. Although Ziegler prescribed only small doses to athletes, he soon discovered that those having abused Dianabol suffered from enlarged prostates and atrophied testes. AAS were placed on the list of banned substances of the IOC in 1976, and a decade later the committee introduced 'out-of-competition' doping tests because many athletes used AAS in their training period rather than during competition.
Three major ideas governed modifications of testosterone into a multitude of AAS: Alkylation at 17-alpha position with methyl or ethyl group created orally active compounds because it slows the degradation of the drug by the liver; esterification of testosterone and nortestosterone at the 17-beta position allows the substance to be administered parenterally and increases the duration of effectiveness because agents soluble in oily liquids may be present in the body for several months; and alterations of the ring structure were applied for both oral and parenteral agents to seeking to obtain different anabolic to androgenic effect ratios.

</doc>
<doc id="19218356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218356" title="Nina Hagen Band – EP">
Nina Hagen Band – EP

Nina Hagen Band EP is a compilation of tracks by the Nina Hagen Band. The tracks are taken from the "Nina Hagen Band" and "Unbehagen" albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19218386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218386" title="José Guimarães">
José Guimarães

José Guimarães may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19218408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218408" title="Diddle, Diddle, Dumpling, My Son John">
Diddle, Diddle, Dumpling, My Son John

"Diddle, Diddle, Dumpling, My Son John" is an English language nursery rhyme. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19709.
Lyrics.
The most commonly used modern version is:
Alternate versions include:
Origins.
The rhyme is first recorded when printed in "The Newest Christmas Box" published in London around 1797. It may be derived from 'Diddle, diddle, diddle Dumpling', a traditional street cry of hot dumpling sellers.

</doc>
<doc id="19218410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218410" title="Seth Adonkor">
Seth Adonkor

Seth Adonkor (30 October 1961 – 18 November 1984) was a French football player of Ghanaian extraction.
He was the half-brother of Marcel Desailly, who later followed him to the FC Nantes Atlantique. Adonkor made his debut for the 'Canaries' on 15 April 1981 in a 2-2 draw against Metz, but only established himself in Jean-Claude Suaudeau's first team in the 1982-83 season, which his club finished as French champions, nearly adding the Coupe de France to their honours list - a game in which Adonkor was sent off. The 1982-83 championship was to be his only major honour. By trade a strong, hard-tackling midfielder who could also play in attack, Adonkor had become a 'rock' (in Suaudeau's words) in the heart of Nantes's defence when his career was cut brutally short. Driving back from Saint Nazaire to Nantes with his teammates Jean-Michel Labejof (who died) and Sidi Kabahe (who survived, but never played again), he was the victim of a fatal car crash. Adonkor was then widely tipped to become a French international. The news of Adonkor's death was passed on to Marcel Desailly by his close friend and team-mate Didier Deschamps. Adonkor was Desailly's role model.
Adonkor was an impressive centre back who was close to Marcel, when the news had broke Marcel was deeply saddened however was determined to make the rest of his career a tribute to his late half brother.
Adonkor was hugely successful at FC Nantes academy and was tipped to be a regular starter in the team. However this was not to be with the events that had occurred in November 1984.
Seth has always been remembered by FC Nantes fans as the one with a lot of promise but was taken too early.

</doc>
<doc id="19218412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218412" title="Russian submarine Minoga">
Russian submarine Minoga

The Minoga ("Минога - Lamprey") was a submarine built for the Imperial Russian Navy. She was built by Baltic Yard in St Petersburg and designed by I.G. Bubnov. She was a single hulled boat with a 16 fathom (30 metres) diving depth. While an advance on previous boats the single shaft design was not very maneuverable and the diesel engines were not reliable. Served in the Baltic Fleet during World War I but transferred to the Caspian Sea Flotilla in 1918. Decommissioned and scrapped in 1922

</doc>
<doc id="19218418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218418" title="Look in Any Window">
Look in Any Window

Look in Any Window (1961) is a black-and-white film starring Paul Anka, Gigi Perreau, and, in his film debut, Jack Cassidy. The film was directed by William Alland and released by Allied Artists.
Plot.
A teenager (played by Anka) is brought up by uncaring, dysfunctional parents (Ruth Roman and Alex Nicol). The teen, Craig Fowler, develops a habit of peeping on his neighbors in a modern suburban area while donning a frightening mask.

</doc>
<doc id="19218420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218420" title="National Institute of Technology, Jamshedpur">
National Institute of Technology, Jamshedpur

The National Institute of Technology Jamshedpur (NIT Jamshedpur), is an Institute of National Importance located at Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, India. Established as a Regional Institute of Technology in 1960, it was later upgraded to National Institute of Technology(NIT) on 27 December 2002 with the status of a Deemed University. It is one of the 30 NITs in India, and as such is directly under the control of the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD). It is the third in the chain of 8 NITs established as a part of the Second Five Year Plan(1956–61) by the Government of India.
History.
National Institute of Technology, Jamshedpur was originally founded as Regional Institute of Technology in 1960 by Dr.Srikrishna Sinha, the then Chief Minister of the state of Bihar(unpartitioned) at Jamshedpur. The auspicious day of 15 August 1960 was chosen to lay the foundation stone. It was among the first eight Regional Engineering Colleges (RECs) established as part of the Second Five-Year Plan (1956–1961). It now serves as the NIT for the newly carved state of Jharkhand, while NIT Patna serves as the NIT for the state of Bihar.
Campus.
NIT Jamshedpur's campus consists of of land located 2 km off the Tata-Seraikella Road. It is 3 km from Adityapur railway station and 11 km from main Tatanagar railway station. The Academic and Administrative buildings are located between the Up-Hostels complex and the Down hostels complex. The Kharkai River meanders 2 kilometers away from the Down Hostels. The institute is at the center of the industrial belt of Adityapur. The main market place, Bistupur is around 5 km from the campus. The Campus is extremely picturesque with greenery and thick foliage, and mountains in the backdrop. There is a High School( DAV Public School, NIT Campus) located in the campus.
The college.
The Institute's Main Gate is located at the eastern end of the campus. The main road leads to the main circle of the Institute. The Library, Computer Centre, Administrative Building, Banks, Post Office are situated in the Main Circle. Separate roads lead to the Up and Down Hostels.
Academic Buildings.
The College's Academic buildings are all situated near the Main Administrative Block. All the Departments are housed within Blocks 1-7. Vishwakarma Sabhagriha (VSG) is situated centrally within the Main Complex.
Accommodation.
There are a total of Eleven hostels also known as Halls of Residence, Nine for boys and two for girls. They have been named in honour of Great Indian personalities. All the Halls have internet access through Wi-Fi and Institute wide LAN. Each hostel has a Mess and a common room, for recreational purposes such as watching TV, reading, or playing indoor games such as Table-Tennis, Carrom, etc. Each Hall of Residence also has its own Badminton and Volleyball Courts. The Halls of Residence have an atmosphere conducive to the over-all development of its Boarders. The Halls also subscribe to a number of Magazines. Girl's Hostels are situated adjacent to the Computer Centre in the Institute's Residential Area, where the Faculty Quarters are located. The Boy's Hostels are located on either side of the Institute's Main building in two complexes- Up Hostels Complex, and Down Hostels Complex. The Up Hostels Complex has 4 hostels within its confines, viz- Hostels A,B,C and D. The Up Hostels Complex is home to 1st year and 2nd year students of the B.Tech Program. The Down Hostels Complex has 5 hostels within its confines, viz- Hostels E,F,G,H and I. These Hostels are home to students of 3rd and 4th years of the B.Tech programme.
The Halls of Residence are:
Departments.
The Institute has the following departments:
Students' Activities.
The Student Activity Section of the institute is highly active. College clubs include:
College teams.
Top Guns.
Top Guns is the aero-design team of the college. Founded in 2009, the team primarily participates in the SAE Aero Design competition [http://students.sae.org/competitions/aerodesign/] organised by SAE International in association with NASA and Lockheed Martin. The team won the NASA Systems Enginnering Award in 2011.
Team Drift.
Founded in the year 2009 by a group of automobile enthusiasts, it took on the challenge to design, manufacture and run a Formula SAE project car. This team has not only won events in India but has also participated in various international events, bringing laurels to the college as well as country.
It successfully participated in the Formula Student UK-2011 held at Silverstone Racing Circuit with its 2nd Car DR211 and secured 5th position amongst 133 teams from all over the world for the Prestigious Airbus Team Work Award. It also happened to be the only Asian team to be short listed for the same. Rank 5 also was the highest rank achieved by an Indian team at the event.
Earlier, Team Drift successfully participated in the static event of Formula SAE Australasia 2010, held in December, 2010 at Victoria University, Melbourne, Australia. The team secured 1st place in the cost event of FSAE Australasia and the car design was designated as the "MOST ECONOMICAL CAR DESIGN". Drift Racing Team was the second Indian team to win an International Formula SAE event and is the First Indian team to win in its very first international appearance.
Supra SAE India in 2009 was its first event, held at Anna University, Chennai. The car built by the team, DR110, was rated 1st in car evaluation and the team finished 3rd overall.
Technical and Cultural Festivals.
Ojass.
Ojass is the annual techno-management festival of the college. This festival showcases the technical and managerial skill of the students. The various events in OJASS are Technical Paper presentation, Robotics, Coding, circuit design, simulation, quizzes and the list goes on. The events draw participation from renowned institutions like IITs, NITs and other colleges of India along with students of this college. A lot of emphasis is laid on ensuring the quality of the event. Eminent Personalities are invited for Guest Lectures and interaction with students.
Utkarsh.
Utkarsh is the annual cultural festival of the college.It is organised at national level and students from colleges all over India participate. The main attraction of Utkarsh is 'Shades' in which a room is decorated in a theme using junk items only.This Event is conducted by the FACES club. The cultural fest consists of competitions for dance, singing,fine arts, Group Discussion(GD), JAM, Antakshri, and a fashion show. Other attractions are juke box, paper dance, street play, x-games, rock concert, and hasya kavi sammelan.
Utkarsh '12 was a mega-success, the institute had roped in RAETH-The Band from Pakistan to play for the students.
Cryptex.
Cryptex is a techno-management fest organized by the Department of Computer Science and Engineering to generate IT awareness.
Technica.
Technica - Annual metallurgy fest by Department of Metallurgical and Materials Engineering
Sports.
The Institute has adequate Sports facilities for its students. Students of NIT, Jamshedpur have made the Institute proud on numerous occasions, at inter-NIT sports tournaments. Every Hall of Residence has its own Badminton and Volleyball Courts, Table-Tennis and Carrom facilities are housed in the Common Rooms. The Institute has a Football Ground, Basketball Court, Lawn Tennis Court in the Up Hostels Complex. The Cricket Ground and Technology Students' Gymkahana are situated in the Down Hostels Complex.
Athletics Meet.
Athletics Meet - annual sports event takes place every year in the even semester.
Vivek Memorial cricket tournament.
Vivek Memorial Cricket Tournament is conducted every year. This event sees participation from over 50 colleges in Eastern region.
Alumni Association.
The alumni have organized the "Global Summit on Infrastructure Development of Jharkhand" and the "Trade Technology Show" at NIT campus in January 2003 to provide guidance to the state government in formulating its policies. Members of the alumni association not only from India but also from abroad participated in these two events.
NIT (RIT) alumni association organized the "India Power Conclave" in New Delhi during January 2004, which was a forum for 600 delegates from all across the globe to explore the Indian power sector's investment potential of USD 400 billion and the way ahead.

</doc>
<doc id="19218422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218422" title="1994 European Athletics Championships – Men's 50 kilometres walk">
1994 European Athletics Championships – Men's 50 kilometres walk

The Men's 50 km walk event at the 1994 European Championships was held on 13 August 1994 in Helsinki, Finland. There were a total number of 34 participating athletes.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19218437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218437" title="Eureka effect">
Eureka effect

The eureka effect, also known as the aha! effect, refers to the common human experience of suddenly understanding a previously incomprehensible problem or concept. The Eureka effect is named after the myth that the Greek polymath Archimedes, having discovered how to measure the volume of an irregular object, leaped out of a public bath, and ran home naked shouting "eureka" (I found it). Archimedes was asked by the local king to detect whether a crown was pure gold, or if the goldsmith had added silver. During his trip to the public bath, he noticed that water is displaced when his body sinks into the bath, and that the volume of water displaced equals the volume of the body immersed in the water. This means that he can measure the density of the crown, and compare it to a bar of pure gold. This story is thought to be a myth, because it was first mentioned by the Roman writer Vitruvius nearly 200 years after the event, and because the method described by Vitruvius would not have worked. 
Some research describes the aha! effect (also known as insight or epiphany) as a memory advantage, but conflicting results exist as to where exactly it occurs in the brain, and it is difficult to predict under what circumstances one can predict an Aha! moment.
Insight is a psychological term that attempts to describe the process in problem solving when a previously unsolvable puzzle becomes suddenly clear and obvious. Often this transition from not understanding to spontaneous comprehension is accompanied by an exclamation of joy or satisfaction, an Aha! moment. A person utilizing insight to solve a problem is able to give accurate, discrete, all-or-nothing type responses, whereas individuals not using the insight process are more likely to produce partial, incomplete responses.
A recent theoretical account of the Aha! moment started with four defining attributes of this experience. First, the Aha! moment appears suddenly; second, the solution to a problem can be processed smoothly, or fluently; third, the Aha! moment elicits positive affect; fourth, a person experiencing the Aha! moment is convinced that a solution is true. These four attributes are not separate but can be combined because the experience of processing fluency, especially when it occurs surprisingly (for example, because it is sudden), elicits both positive affect and judged truth.
Insight can be conceptualized as a two phase process. The first phase of an Aha! experience requires the problem solver to come upon an impasse, where they become stuck and even though they may seemingly have explored all the possibilities, are still unable to retrieve or generate a solution. The second phase occurs suddenly and unexpectedly. After a break in mental fixation or re-evaluating the problem, the answer is retrieved. Some research suggest that insight problems are difficult to solve because of our mental fixation on the inappropriate aspects of the problem content. In order to solve insight problems, one must “think outside the box”. It is this elaborate rehearsal that may cause people to have better memory for Aha! moments. Insight is believed to occur with a break in mental fixation, allowing the solution to appear transparent and obvious.
Research.
Initial research.
The Eureka effect was first described by Pamela Auble, Jeffrey Franks and Salvatore Soraci in 1979. The subject would be presented with an initially confusing sentence such as "The haystack was important because the cloth ripped". After a certain period of time of non-comprehension by the reader, the cue word (parachute) would be presented, the reader could comprehend the sentence, and this resulted in better recall on memory tests. Subjects spend a considerable amount of time attempting to solve the problem, and initially it was hypothesized that elaboration towards comprehension may play a role in increased recall. There was no evidence that elaboration had any effect for recall. It was found that both "easy" and "hard" sentences that resulted in an Aha! effect had significantly better recall rates than sentences which subjects were able to comprehend immediately. In fact equal recall rates were obtained for both "easy" and "hard" sentences which were initially noncomprehensible. It seems to be this noncomprehension to comprehension which results in better recall.
How people solve insight problems.
Currently there are two theories for how people arrive at the solution for insight problems. The first is the progress monitoring theory. The person will analyze the distance from their current state to the goal state. Once a person realizes that they cannot solve the problem while on their current path, they will seek alternative solutions. In insight problems this usually occurs late in the puzzle. The second way that people attempt to solve these puzzles is the representational change theory. The problem solver initially has a low probability for success because they use inappropriate knowledge as they set unnecessary constraints on the problem. Once the person relaxes his or her constraints, they can bring previously unavailable knowledge into working memory to solve the problem. The person also utilizes chunk decomposition, where he or she will separate meaningful chunks into their component pieces. Both constraint relaxation and chunk decomposition allow for a change in representation, that is, a change in the distribution of activation across working memory, at which point they may exclaim "aha!". Currently both theories have support, with the progress monitoring theory being more suited to multiple step problems, and the representational change theory more suited to single step problems.
The Eureka effect on memory only occurs when there is an initial confusion. When subjects were presented with a clue word before the confusing sentence was presented, there was no effect on recall. If the clue was provided after the sentence was presented, an increase in recall occurred.
Memory.
It had been determined that recall is greater for items that were generated by the subject versus if the subject was presented with the stimuli. There seems to be a memory advantage for instances where people are able to produce an answer themselves, recall was higher when Aha! reactions occurred. They tested sentences that were initially hard to understand, but when presented with a cued word, the comprehension became more apparent. Other evidence was found indicating that effort in processing visual stimuli was recalled more frequently than the stimuli that were simply presented. This study was done using connect-the-dots or verbal instruction to produce either a nonsense or real image. It is believed that effort made to comprehend something when encoding induces activation of alternative cues that later participate in recall.
Cerebral lateralization.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging and electroencephalogram studies have found that problem solving requiring insight involves increased activity in the right cerebral hemisphere as compared with problem solving not requiring insight. In particular, increased activity was found in the right hemisphere anterior superior temporal gyrus.
Sleep.
Some unconscious processing may take place while a person is asleep, and there are several cases of scientific discoveries coming to people in their dreams. Friedrich August Kekulé von Stradonitz said that the ring structure of benzene came to him in a dream where a snake was eating its own tail. Studies have shown increased performance at insight problems if the subjects slept during a break between receiving the problem and solving it. Sleep may function to restructure problems, and allow new insights to be reached. Henri Poincaré stated that he valued sleep as a time for "unconscious thought" that helped him break through problems.
Other theories.
Professor Stellan Ohlsson believes that at the beginning of the problem-solving process, some salient features of the problem are incorporated into a mental representation of the problem. In the first step of solving the problem, it is considered in the light of previous experience. Eventually, an impasse is reached, where all approaches to the problem have failed, and the person becomes frustrated. Ohlsson believes that this impasse drives unconscious processes which change the mental representation of a problem, and cause novel solutions to occur.
General procedure for conducting ERP and EEG studies.
When studying insight, or the Aha! Effect, ERP or EEG general methods are used. Initially a baseline measurement is taken, which generally asks the subject to simply remember an answer to a question. Following this, subjects are asked to focus on the screen while a logogriph is shown, and then they are given time with a blank screen to get the answer, once they do they are required to press a key. After which the answer appears on the screen. The subjects are then asked to press one key to indicate that they thought of the correct answer and another to indicate if they got the answer wrong, finally, not to press a key at all if they were unsure or did not know the answer.
Evidence in EEG studies.
Resting-state neural activity has a standing influence on cognitive strategies used when solving problems, particularly in the case of deriving solutions by methodical search or by sudden insight. The two cognitive strategies used involve both search and analysis of current state of a problem, to the goal state of that problem, while insight problems are a sudden awareness of the solution to a problem.
Subjects studied were first recorded on the base-line resting state of thinking. After being tested using the method described in the General Procedure for Conducting ERP and EEG Studies, the ratio of insight versus non-insight solution were made to determine whether an individual is classified as a high insight (HI) or a low insight (LI) individual. Discriminating between HI and LI individuals were important as both groups use different cognitive strategies to solve anagram problems used in this study. Right hemisphere activation is believed to be involved in Aha! effects, so it comes to no surprise that HI individuals would show greater activation in the right hemisphere then the left hemisphere when compared to the LI individuals. Evidence was found to support this idea, there was greater activation in HI subjects at the right dorsal-frontal (low-alpha band), right inferior-frontal (beta and gamma bands) and the right parietal (gamma band) areas. As for LI subjects, left inferior-frontal and left anterior-temporal areas were active (low-alpha band). 
There were also differences in attention between individuals of HI and LI. It has been suggested that individuals who are highly creative exhibit diffuse attention, thus allowing them a greater range of environmental stimuli. It was found that individuals who displayed HI would have less resting state occipital alpha-band activity, meaning there would be less inhibition of the visual system. Individuals that were less creative were found to focus their attention, thus causing them to sample less of their environment. Although, LI individuals were shown to have more occipital beta activity, consistent with heightened focused attention.
Evidence in ERP studies.
These results are more reflective of models, rather than empirical evidence, as source localization is hard to determine precisely.
Due to the nature of these studies that use Chinese logographs, there is a difficulty in an exact translation; a language barrier certainly exists.
There are some difficulties that exist in brain imaging when it comes to insight, thus making it hard to discuss neural mechanisms. Issues include: that insight occurs when an unwarranted mental fixation is broken and when novel task related associations are formed on top of old cognitive skills. 
One theory was discussed found that “Aha” answers produced more negative ERP results, N380 in the anterior cingulate cortex, then the “No-Aha” answers, 250–500 ms, after an answer was produced. The authors suspected that this N380 in the ACC, which plays the role of a warning sign of breaking the mental set, was a reflection of the Aha! effect. Another study was done showed that an Aha! effect was elicited at N320 which has a strong activation in the central-posterior region. These previous studies reflective the premise of the study, that the Aha! effect occurs in the anterior cingulate cortex, while this study finds results indicating the posterior cingulate cortex is responsible. It was found that there was a N350 in the posterior cingulate cortex for successful guessing of logographs, not in the anterior cingulate cortex. The posterior cingulate cortex seems to play a more non-executive function in monitoring and inhibiting the mind set and cognitive function.
Another significant finding of this study done by Qiu and Zhang (2008), was a late positive component (LPC) in successful guessing of the logograph and then recognition of the answer at 600 and 700 ms, post-stimulus, in the parahippocampal gyrus (BA34). The data suggests that the parahippocampus is involved in searching of a correct answer by manipulating it in working memory, and integrating relationships between the base of the target logograph. The parahippocampal gyrus may reflect the formation of novel associations while solving insight problem.
Another ERP study is fairly similar to the Qiu and Zhang, 2008 study, however, this study claims to have anterior cingulate cortex activation at N380, which may be responsible for the mediation of breaking the mental set. Other areas of interest were prefrontal cortex (PFC), the posterior parietal cortex, and the medial temporal lobe. If subjects failed to solve the riddle, and then were shown the correct answer, they displayed the feeling of insight, which reflected the electroencephalogram recordings. 
Overall, it is quite apparent that there are many aspects that can explain the Aha! effect. No particular area has been determined but from the information gathered, it seems that insight occurs in many parts of the brain, within a given time period.
Evidence in fMRI studies.
A study with the goal of recording the activity that occurs in the brain during an Aha! moment using fMRIs was conducted in 2003 by Jing Luo and Kazuhisa Niki. Participants in this study were presented with a series of Japanese riddles, and asked to rate their impressions toward each question using the following scale: (1) I can understand this question very well and know the answer; (2) I can understand this question very well and feel it is interesting, but I do not know the answer; or (3) I cannot understand this question and do not know the answer.
This scale allowed the researchers to only look at participants who would experience an Aha! moment upon viewing the answer to the riddle. In previous studies on insight, researchers have found that participants reported feelings of insight when they viewed the answer to an unsolved riddle or problem.
Luo and Niki had the goal of recording these feelings of insight in their participants using fMRIs. This method allowed the researchers to directly observe the activity that was occurring in the participant’s brains during an Aha! moment. 
Participants were given 3 minutes to respond to each riddle, before the answer to the riddle was revealed. If the participant experienced an Aha! moment upon viewing the correct answer, any brain activity would be recorded on the fMRI.
The fMRI results for this study showed that when participants were given the answer to an unsolved riddle, the activity in their right hippocampus increased significantly during these Aha! moments. This increased activity in the right hippocampus may be attributed to the formation of new associations between old nodes. These new associations will in turn strengthen memory for the riddles and their solutions. 
Although various studies using EEGs, ERPs, and fMRI's report activation in a variety of areas in the brain during Aha! moments, it is interesting to note that this activity occurs predominantly in the right hemisphere.
More details on the neural basis of insight see a recent review named “New advances in the neural correlates of insight: A decade in review of the insightful brain”
Insight problems and problems with insight.
Insight problems.
The Nine Dot Problem.
The Nine Dot Problem is a classic spatial problem used by psychologists to study insight.
The problem consists of 3 x 3 square created by 9 black dots. The task is to connect all 9 dots using exactly 4 straight lines, without retracing or removing one's pen from the paper. Kershaw & Ohlsson report that in a laboratory setting with a time limit of 2 or 3 minutes, the expected solution rate is 0%.
The difficulty with the Nine Dot Problem is that it requires respondents to look beyond the conventional figure-ground relationships that create subtle, illusory spatial constraints and (literally) "think outside of the box". Breaking the spatial constraints shows a shift in attention in working memory and utilizing new knowledge factors to solve the puzzle.
Verbal riddles.
Verbal riddles are becoming popular problems in insight research.
Example: "A man was washing windows on a high-rise building when he fell from the 40-foot ladder to the concrete path below. Amazingly, he was unhurt. Why? He slipped from the bottom rung!"
Matchstick arithmetic.
Matchstick arithmetic, which was developed and used by G. Knoblich, involves matchsticks that are arranged to show a simple but incorrect math equation in roman numerals. The task is to correct the equation by moving only one matchstick.
Anagrams.
Anagrams involve manipulating the order of a given set of letters in order to create one or many words. The original set of letters may be a word itself, or simply a jumble.
Example: "Santa" can be transformed to spell "Satan".
Rebus Puzzles.
Rebus puzzles, also called "wordies", involve verbal and visual cues that force the respondent to restructure and "read between the lines" (almost literally) to solve the puzzle.
Some examples:
you just me
just between you and me
PUNISHMENT
capital punishment
i i i i
____
oooo
circles under the eyes
Remote Associates Test (RAT).
The Remote Associates Test (known as the RAT) was developed by Martha Mednick in 1962 to test creativity. However, it has recently been utilized in insight research.
The test consists of presenting participants with a set of words, such as "lick", "mine", and "shaker". The task is to identify the word that connects these three seemingly unrelated ones. In this example, the answer is "salt". The link between words is associative, and does not follow rules of logic, concept formation or problem solving, and thus requires the respondent to work outside of these common heuristical constraints.
Performance on the RAT is known to correlate with performance on other standard insight problems.
The Eight Coin Problem.
In this problem a set of 8 coins is arranged on a table in a certain configuration, and the subject is told to move 2 coins so that all coins touch exactly three others. The difficulty in this problem comes from thinking of the problem in a purely 2-dimensional way, when a 3-dimensional approach is the only way to solve the problem.
Problems with insight.
Insight research is problematic because of the ambiguity and lack of agreement among psychologists of its definition. This could largely be explained by the phenomenological nature of insight, and the difficulty in catalyzing its occurrence, as well as the ways in which it is experimentally "triggered".
The pool of insight problems currently employed by psychologists is small and tepid, and due to its heterogeneity and often high difficulty level, is not conducive of validity or reliability.
One of the biggest issues surrounding insight problems is that for most participants, they're simply too difficult. For many problems, this difficulty revolves around the requisite restructuring or re-conceptualization of the problem or possible solutions, for example, drawing lines beyond the square composed of dots in the Nine-Dot Problem.
Furthermore, there are issues related to the taxonomy of insight problems. Puzzles and problems that are utilized in experiments to elicit insight may be classified in two ways. "Pure" insight problems are those that necessitate the use of insight, whereas "hybrid" insight problems are those that can be solved by other methods, such as the trial and error. As Weisberg (1996) points out, the existence of hybrid problems in insight research poses a significant threat to any evidence gleaned from studies that employ them. While the phenomenological experience of insight can help to differentiate insight-solving from non-insight solving (by asking the respondent to describe how they solved the problem, for example), the risk that non-insight solving has been mistaken for insight solving still exists. Likewise, issues surrounding the validity of insight evidence is also threatened by the characteristically small sample sizes. Experimenters may recruit an initially adequate sample size, but because of the level of difficulty inherent to insight problems, only a small fraction of any sample will successfully solve the puzzle or task given to them; placing serious limits on usable data. In the case of studies using hybrid problems, the final sample is at even greater risk of being very small by way of having to exclude whatever percentage of respondents solved their given puzzle without utilizing insight.
The Aha! effect and scientific discovery.
There are several examples of scientific discoveries being made due to a sudden flash of insight. One of the key insights in developing his special theory of relativity came to Albert Einstein while talking to his friend Michele Besso: 
However, Einstein also said that the whole idea of special relativity did not come to him as a sudden, single thought, like a eureka moment: "Actually, I was led to it by steps arising from the individual laws derived from experience." Similarly, Carl Friedrich Gauss said after a eureka moment: "I have the result, only I do not yet know how to get to it."
Sir Alec Jeffreys had a eureka moment in his lab in Leicester after looking at the X-ray film image of a DNA experiment at 9:05 am on Monday 10 September 1984, which unexpectedly showed both similarities and differences between the DNA of different members of his technician's family. Within about half an hour, he realized the possible scope of DNA fingerprinting, which uses variations in the genetic code to identify individuals. The method has become important in forensic science to assist police detective work, and it has also proved useful in resolving paternity and immigration disputes. The method can also be applied to non-human species, for example in wildlife population genetics studies. Before his methods were commercialised in 1987, his laboratory was the only centre carrying out DNA fingerprinting in the world.
The Aha! effect in popular psychology.
The Aha! moment on Oprah.
Popular culture has its own views of the Aha! effect. Although both are defined as that moment of insight that changes one's state of mind, its applications greatly differ. Where scientists have focused on understanding the mechanisms of insights as well as how and where Aha! moments occur in the brain, Oprah Winfrey has taken this phenomenon and turned it into a popular and well-recognized state of mind. By focusing on the emotional and life changing occurrences an individual experiences, Oprah views the Aha! effect as a sudden moment of realization, where an individual recognizes that they need to make a change or move forward in life. Oprah includes Aha! Moments in her monthly magazine, "", and commonly makes reference to these moments of insight on her television show, "Oprah". Oprah has integrated this insightful occurrence into popular culture, encouraging the mainstream population to recognize these "Opr-Aha!" moments.

</doc>
<doc id="19218442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218442" title="Total Eclipse/Die schwarze Witwe">
Total Eclipse/Die schwarze Witwe

"Total Eclipse/Die Schwarze Witwe" is a single released in 2001 by Rosenstolz featuring Nina Hagen.
Track listing.
CD1
CD2

</doc>
<doc id="19218449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218449" title="Kampen lighthouse, Sylt">
Kampen lighthouse, Sylt

The Kampen lighthouse is located on the geestland core of the German island of Sylt, south of Kampen. It is a white conical stone tower with a broad black band.
History.
When Sylt belonged to the Danish realm in 1853, king Frederick VII ordered the construction of a lighthouse on Sylt's highest elevation, the red cliff. The tower was first lit in 1856. Its original petroleum lantern was at the time a technical revolution and was displayed at the Paris World Exhibition in 1855. 
The tower was originally constructed from yellow Bornholm bricks and was reinforced with iron rings in 1875.
Until 1953 the lighthouse used to be greyish-yellow, the colour of the whithered bricks. Only then it was painted with its characteristic black and white.
In the early years after its inauguration, the facility became popular with locals and tourists. Specifically guest books from the 1970s and 80s bear witness to this. Unlike today, the tower could then still be accessed and visited by the public and provided a spectacular view across the island.
In 1929 the so far greatest modification was made when the entire lantern house was altered and the light source was changed from petroleum to electricity.
There are no lighthouse keepers any more since 1977, like all active lights on Sylt, the Kampen lighthouse is remotely controlled by a time switch in Koblenz. It is lit an hour prior to sunset and doused one hour after sunrise.
Only once in its 150 years of existence the lighthouse was severely threatened. Wehrmacht plans proposed the expansion of an airfield on the nearby Braderup heath and the tower would have to be detonated. With the occupation of Denmark and Norway in 1940 these plans became obsolete though as the strategic importance of Sylt had significantly decreased.
From 2004 to 2005 the lighthouse was elaborately renovated and was therefore completely scaffolded for several months. On 4 June 2006 the 150th anniversary was celebrated with a "Turmfest" and the rare opportunity was provided to scale the newly renovated tower. Admission tickets were drawn.
In popular culture.
Due to its characteristic black and white marking the tower has become a popular motive for painters.

</doc>
<doc id="19218455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218455" title="2008 Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic">
2008 Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic

The 2008 Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 14th edition of the Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic, and was part of the Tier III Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. It took place at the Grand Hyatt Bali in Bali, Indonesia, from September 8 through September 14, 2008. Patty Schnyder won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19218456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218456" title="Georgios Kolokoudias">
Georgios Kolokoudias

Georgios Kolokoudias() born 3 May 1989 in Paralimni, Cyprus is a Cypriot football striker who plays for Ayia Napa. In the past he played for Digenis Akritas Morphou, Olympiakos Nicosia, Enosis Neon Paralimni and Panserraikos in Greece. Was on trial for English League One side Swindon Town FC in July 2009 before signing for Olympiakos.

</doc>
<doc id="19218468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218468" title="Geoffrey S. Dawes">
Geoffrey S. Dawes

Geoffrey Sharman Dawes (21 January 1918 – 6 May 1996) was an English physiologist and was considered to be the "foremost international authority on fetal and neonatal physiology".
Biography.
Dawes was born in 1918 in Mackworth which is within Derbyshire, but he was brought up in Elvaston where his father was the vicar of Elvaston and Thulston. He had four siblings who were all older than he was. Dawes lived at Thurleston Hall, the vicarage for Elvaston. This hall had previously been the home of William Darwin Fox. His prep school was in the next village of Shardlow where he studied until he started at Repton School which was still within south Derbyshire. This association with Rrepton continued as later he would become both a member and later chair of their governors.
Dawes became the director of the Nuffield Institute for Medical research in Oxford in 1948 only five years after obtaining his degree in medicine.
Following his appointment as director Dawes had to decide on an area of research that was worthy of his attention. He decided on fetal physiology as he thought at the time that study of fetuses would be allow researchers to study simpler version of more complex adult physiology. This was not the case and Dawes himself became a spokesman for the importance and complexity of this stage of physiology.
Dawes was awarded the Gairdner Foundation International Award in 1966 for his outstanding contributions to medical science. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in March, 1971 
Dawes retired in 1985 and took up the post of director of Sunley Research Centre at Charing Cross Hospital. Here he worked on both the computerisation of fetal heart rates and on molecular biology. The Nuffield Institute of Medical research which he had directed became part of the Institute of Molecular Medicine.
A keen entertainer with his wife Margaret he died in Oxford in 1996.
Legacy.
The Geoffrey Dawes lecture is given annually and organised by the "Fetal and Neonatal Physiological Society".

</doc>
<doc id="19218471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218471" title="CD Mensajero">
CD Mensajero

Club Deportivo Mensajero is a Spanish football team based in Santa Cruz de la Palma, in the autonomous community of Canary Islands. Founded in 1924, it plays in Tercera División - Group 12, holding home games at "Nuevo Estadio Silvestre Carrillo", with a capacity of 6,000 spectators.
History.
Mensajero’s history can be traced to 1924 when a group of friends in Santa Cruz de la Palma formed a youth team. It was not until 1939 that a senior club was established but, with a formation date in 1924, after excision of players Tenisca. The first president was Silvestre Carrillo, with two team stadia eventually being dedicated to him. 
The club spent roughly 70 years playing at regional level, with various degrees of success. It won the fourth division title for the Canary Islands in 1985, arriving at the national stage seven years later, after winning promotion to the third level. 
During the following ten seasons, Mensajero appeared twice in the playoffs: in the 1994–95 campaign, after 22 wins in the regular season, the promotion group consisted of Córdoba CF, CD Castellón and Sestao Sport Club; after a 6–1 home win against the second team, it entered the last round with chances of being promoted, but lost 1–3 at the Andalusians.
In 1999–2000, Mensajero finished fourth after winning 19 out of 38 in the first stage, the highlights being home wins against Caudal Deportivo (7–0, home) and Sporting de Gijón B (5–1, away). In the playoffs, it could only collect one point in six matches, against Burgos CF, Granada CF and Real Murcia.
The expense of running a relatively small club at a national level began to take its toll and with dramatic cuts in funding, Mensajero was relegated at the end of the 2001–02 season, 11 points behind the penultimate team, CD Onda, and 18 points from the safety zone. Two years later, they dropped down to the regional leagues, vacated Silvestre Carrillo grounds and set up home at the "Municipal Estadio Bajamar", sharing it with neighbouring SD Tenisca. 
After its grounds' improvements were finished, Mensajero returned home for the end of the 2006–07 season, before gaining promotion back to level four in June 2008.
Stadium.
Mensajero play at "Nuevo Estadio Silvestre Carrillo". Lying at the head of a valley close to the centre of Santa Cruz de la Palma, the stadium was extensively rebuilt from 2003 to 2007. Due to the steep valley-side to the south side of the pitch and the sheer drop to the north, the majority of the seating has always been found at either end of the stadium. Prior to the redevelopment in 2003, there was a covered stand at the east end of the ground. A narrow strip of terracing ran along the north side of the pitch, which joined the terrace behind the west end goal. 
Following redevelopment, the basic orientation of the stadium remained unchanged. There is however, a more substantial area of seating behind the east goal and this now arcs around to the north side. The east end no longer features a roof, something, which the original redevelopment plan included, but due the financial difficulties that the club experienced, the project was scaled down. The north terrace tapers away to a single line of seating as you head to the west. The West terrace remains relatively unaltered from the original stadium. The players changing facilities are found in a single storey building on the south side of the pitch.
Local derbies.
Both Mensajero and Tenisca were formed in the 20s. Since the reorganisation of "Tercera División" in 1977, the clubs have met in the league on 28 occasions, with six wins for each side and 16 draws.

</doc>
<doc id="19218475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218475" title="Rodriguez (band)">
Rodriguez (band)

Rodriguez was a San Luis Obispo based rock band active in the mid to late 1990s.
The band is notable as an early collaboration between Matt Ward (who later came to prominence as M. Ward) and Kyle Field (aka Little Wings), along with a series of drummers: Jake Hockel, Sanjeev Srinivas, and Mike Funk. The band was described by Field as "the band in which I learned how to play music".
They completed one full length CD, 2000's "Swing Like A Metronome", which was produced by Jason Lytle of Grandaddy and released by independent California label Devil in the Woods. The band also released a couple of releases recorded by Adam Selzer from the M. Ward band and Norfolk & Western (band). Co-dependent Records released the "Weren't a Problem" EP as a 7" on in 1996 as well as a cassette entitled, "Cash Crops and Box Plots" in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19218482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218482" title="Byron Farwell">
Byron Farwell

Byron Edgar Farwell (20 June 1921, Manchester, Iowa – 3 August 1999 in Purcellville, Virginia) was an American military historian and biographer. 
Biography.
Farwell graduated from Ohio State University and the University of Chicago (M.A., 1968). He served in World War II as a captain of engineers attached to the Mediterranean Allied Air Force in the British Eighth Army area and later also saw combat in the Korean War. He separated from the military after seven years of active duty.
As a civilian, he became director of public relations and director of administration for Chrysler International from 1959 to 1971. He also served three terms as mayor of Hillsboro, Virginia (1977–81). 
He published articles in the "New York Times", "Washington Post", "American Heritage", "Harper's", "Horizon", "Smithsonian Magazine" as well as serving as a contributing editor to "Military History", "World War II", and "Collier's Encyclopedia". Farwell also published biographies of Stonewall Jackson, Henry M. Stanley, and Sir Richard Francis Burton.
He was a fellow of the MacDowell Colony and a member of both the Royal Geographical Society and the Royal Society of Literature.
Farwell gave his papers to the University of Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="19218497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218497" title="1995 Tennis Channel Open – Singles">
1995 Tennis Channel Open – Singles

Andre Agassi was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Jim Courier won the title, defeating Mark Philippoussis 7–6(7–2), 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19218509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218509" title="FANCM">
FANCM

Fanconi anemia, complementation group M, also known asFANCM is a human gene.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene, FANCM displays DNA binding against fork structures and an ATPase activity associated with dissociation of DNA triplexes. It is believed that FANCM in conjunction with other Fanconi anemia-associated proteins repair DNA at stalled replication forks.
Disease linkage.
Mutations in the FANCM gene are associated with Fanconi anemia.

</doc>
<doc id="19218532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218532" title="David M. Moffett">
David M. Moffett

David McKenzie Moffett (born February 22, 1952) is an American businessman and was formerly the CEO of Freddie Mac. He was previously an executive with U.S. Bancorp. He also served as senior advisor to the Carlyle Group, and has been a director at eBay since July 2007. On March 2, 2009, Moffett announced his resignation as CEO of Freddie Mac.
Career.
Moffett holds a bachelor's degree from the University of Oklahoma and a MBA from Southern Methodist University. He joined Star Banc Corporation in 1993 as CFO, from BankAmerica Corporation. He became CFO of Firstar Corporation when that company merged with Star Banc in 1998. In 2001 when Firstar merged with U.S. Bancorp and retained the U.S. Bancorp name he was appointed Vice Chairman and CFO. In 2007, Moffett retired from U.S. Bancorp. He then obtained directorships at MBIA, BMHC, eBay and Scripps. In September 2007, he was hired by the Carlyle Group to serve as senior advisor to their financial services group. In September 2008, he became CEO of Freddie Mac, receiving the job after the federal government took over the ailing company and ousted its leadership.
Retirement.
Freddie Mac announced on March 2, 2009, that Moffett, its chief executive officer, had notified the chairman of the board of directors of his resignation from his position as chief executive and as a member of the board effective no later than March 13, 2009. The board of directors is working with the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) to appoint a successor to Moffett. Moffett indicated that he wants to return to a role in the financial services sector. In his letter of resignation, he said, "I have enjoyed my time as CEO of Freddie Mac and I wish all the great employees the very best in the days to come."
John Koskinen, chairman of the board, said "We are very sorry to see David go. He made valuable contributions to Freddie Mac as the company transitioned into conservatorship." Koskinen also said, "We expect to name an interim CEO before March 13 to assume David's responsibilities once he leaves." He added, "The board remains fully committed to ensuring the company continues its critical role in supporting the housing finance system during this difficult economic period."
Management continues to estimate that FHFA, in its capacity as conservator of Freddie Mac, will submit a request to the United States Treasury to draw an additional amount of approximately $30 billion to $35 billion under the Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement between Freddie Mac and Treasury, following the timely filing of the company's annual report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19218536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218536" title="Qarapirimli, Goranboy">
Qarapirimli, Goranboy

Qarapirimli is a village in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qırıqlı. 

</doc>
<doc id="19218542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218542" title="List of Paralympic records in swimming">
List of Paralympic records in swimming

The International Paralympic Committee recognises the fastest performances in swimming events at the Paralympic Games. Swimming has been part of at every Summer Paralympic Games.
Races are held in four swimming strokes: freestyle, backstroke, breaststroke and butterfly over varying distances and in either individual or relay race events. Medley events combine all four strokes, again either as an individual format (swum in order: butterfly, backstroke, breaststroke, freestyle) and as a team relay (swim in order: backstroke, breaststroke, butterfly, freestyle). Competitors are allocated a classification based on their ability in the water, with records available for each event in each classification.
Not all events are offered at each Paralympic Games. The decision is made by the IPC based on factors including there being a minimum of 6 athletes from a minimum of 4 National Paralympic Committees to make a race viable. In addition, an event must have been also held at the previous Games, or at the IPC Swimming World Championships held between the Games. In total there is an aim to provide a minimum of 7 individual events and 2 relays events for all classes, with an overall total of 140 events being contested at each Games. The currently used classification system has been in use since the 2000 Sydney Games.
Events in classification 14 have been suspended for the Athens and Beijing Games, and are currently under review by the IPC. This was the result of a cheating scandal at the 2000 Paralympic Games involving the Spanish ID Basketball team.
At the 2008 Beijing Games, Paralympic records were broken in 122 events, of which the records in 108 events were also world records.
Men's records.
!style="width:12em"|Event
!Class
!style="width:4em" class="unsortable"|Time
!Name
!Nation
!style="width:10em"|Date
!Games
!style="width:2em" class="unsortable"|Ref
Women's records.
!style="width:12em"|Event
!Class
!style="width:4em" class="unsortable"|Time
!Name
!Nation
!style="width:10em"|Date
!Games
!style="width:2em" class="unsortable"|Ref

</doc>
<doc id="19218543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218543" title="Du hast den Farbfilm vergessen">
Du hast den Farbfilm vergessen

"Du hast den Farbfilm vergessen" (Translation: You Forgot The Color Film) is a pop single by German punk artist Nina Hagen and her band Automobil, released in 1974 prior to Hagen's punk career. The song depicts a young girl scolding her boyfriend for forgetting to bring the color film for their camera while on vacation, and is widely considered to be a subtle satire of the monochromatic Communist state.
Cover versions.
The German pop band Echolot from Erfurt covered the song on the compilation album Power from the Eastside in the year 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19218544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218544" title="En Toute Intimité">
En Toute Intimité

En toute intimité is the title of both the CD and DVD from Lara Fabian's 2003 acoustic concerts at the Olympia in Paris. Both the CD and DVD were recorded during the concerts on February 2 & 3 2003.
This intimate, piano-based concert showcases acoustic versions of songs from Fabian's previous studio albums as well as many classic songs in Italian, French and English previously not recorded by Fabian. Many of Fabian's songs such as "J'y crois encore" were completely re-arranged to fit the acoustic sound.
On the CD and DVD, alongside some of Fabian's most remarkable hits and album tracks, are classics such as: Dalla's "Caruso" (performed by Fabian many times before); Jevetta Steele's "Calling you" from the Bagdad Café soundtrack; French singer Renaud's "Mistral Gagnant"; and a medley from the worldwide known Francophone musical "Starmania". The DVD contains some tracks which were left off the CD. Most notably, the DVD contains Fabian's homage to Celine Dion's biggest French classic "Pour que tu m'aimes encore". Fabian makes it clear how much respect and appreciation she had for the Canadian singer, despite years of media comparisons between the two. Also, Fabian took advantage of the intimacy in the room and closeness with the audience to share her passion for acting, creating a new dimension to many of her performances. Another highlight found only on the DVD is Fabian's rendition of Lama's "Je Suis Malade". This popular song was included on her album "Carpe diem", recorded nine years before. This time around her performance of the song was a mixture of a spoken monologue and theatrical singing accompanied by a piano.

</doc>
<doc id="19218545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218545" title="Russian submarine Akula (1908)">
Russian submarine Akula (1908)

Akula ( - Shark) was a submarine built for the Imperial Russian Navy. The boat was designed by Ivan Bubnov and was an amalgam of the previous "Minoga" and the "Kasatka" class submarine designs. The design was presented to the Marine technical committee in late 1905. Initially the boat was to use petrol engines but these were replaced by safer diesels. The boat's design was a single hull/ saddle tank type with a diving depth of 25 fathoms (45 m). Significant initial problems were experienced and the electric motor and propellers which needed to be replaced. "Akula" was the first Russian submarine able to cruise long distances. In 1912 "Akula" made the world's first multi-torpedo volley with five torpedoes.
She subsequently served in the Baltic Fleet during World War I making 16 patrols and unsuccessfully attacked the German battleship SMS "Beowulf". She struck a mine and sank near Ventspils in November 1915 on her 17th patrol.

</doc>
<doc id="19218550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218550" title="Bhittai Colony">
Bhittai Colony

Bhittai Colony (); () is a neighborhood of Korangi Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. This neighborhood is named after the Sufi poet Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai.
Bhittai Colony comes under Korangi Creek Cantonment but is to some extent self-governing. Bhittai colony is subdivided into many sectors (A to H). The colony faces various problems with utilities including sewerage, water, electricity and the condition of roads. Bhittai Colony is also called Korangi Crossing. It connects with three important roads, one going to Main Saddar Bazaar, second to Korangi & Landhi and the third to PAF Base Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="19218583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218583" title="Software feature">
Software feature

The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers defines the term feature in IEEE 829 as "A distinguishing characteristic of a software item (e.g., performance, portability, or 
functionality)." 
Feature-rich.
A system is said to be feature-rich when it has many options and functional capabilities available to the user. Progressive disclosure is a technique applied to reduce the potential confusion caused by displaying a wealth of features at once.
This term is also used in a pejorative fashion where it expresses the view that features are added at the expense of something that's usually considered a basic function.

</doc>
<doc id="19218585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218585" title="Harry Hampton (cricketer)">
Harry Hampton (cricketer)

Harry Hampton (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Kent and he made 5 known appearances in first-class matches from 1802 to 1811.

</doc>
<doc id="19218586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218586" title="He, wir fahren auf's Land">
He, wir fahren auf's Land

"He, wir fahren auf's Land" is a single released in 1974 by Nina Hagen & Automobil.

</doc>
<doc id="19218597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218597" title="Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's skeet">
Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's skeet

The men's skeet shooting competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics was the last shooting event of the Sydney Games, held on 22 and 23 September. Mykola Milchev of Ukraine became the first shooter to hit all 150 targets at an Olympic competition in skeet.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
Qualification round.
The qualification round comprised 75 targets on day 1, and 50 targets on day 2.
EOR Equalled Olympic record – EWR Equalled World record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
EWR Equalled World record – OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19218600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218600" title="Paul J. Curran">
Paul J. Curran

Paul Jerome Curran (February 21, 1933, in Manhattan – September 4, 2008 in Manhattan) was an American Republican politician who served in the New York State Assembly and fought corruption as a federal prosecutor and as the state's commissioner of investigation.
Early years.
Curran was born in Manhattan of February 21, 1933. His father was Thomas J. Curran, who served as the Republican leader in Manhattan in the 1940s and 1950s. Curran attended Xavier High School. He graduated from Georgetown University in 1953 and from the Fordham University School of Law in 1956. After serving as an officer in the United States Air Force, he spent three years prosecuting narcotics cases in the United States Attorney's office in Manhattan.
Curran was elected to the New York State Assembly in 1962 representing a district on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. He stepped down from the position in 1966 to represent New York City in Albany as its lobbyist appointed to the position by Mayor of New York John Lindsay. Governor of New York Nelson Rockefeller named him to the New York State Commission of Investigation in 1968, elevating him to chairman the following year. Under his leadership, and despite the body's lack of authority to prosecute crimes they had uncovered, the Commission exposed kickbacks and fraud in Buffalo and Albany.
He was appointed by President Richard Nixon to serve as U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York in 1973. He served until 1975, obtaining convictions of Carmine Tramunti, the head of the Lucchese crime family, and Representative Bertram L. Podell. He obtained an indictment against nursing home operator Bernard Bergman, that later led to a guilty plea in a $1.2 million Medicaid fraud case. He was a consultant to the Pentagon on intelligence matters in 1976.
Special counsel.
In 1979, United States Attorney General Griffin Bell appointed Curran as a special counsel to investigate loans made to the peanut business owned by President Jimmy Carter by a bank controlled by Bert Lance, a friend of the president and the director of the Office of Management and Budget. Unlike Archibald Cox and Leon Jaworski who were named as special prosecutors to investigate the Watergate scandal, Curran's position as special counsel meant that he would not be able to file charges on his own, but would require the approval of Assistant Attorney General Philip Heymann. As special counsel, he became the first lawyer to question a sitting president under oath as part of an investigation of that president.
The investigation was concluded in October 1979, with Curran announcing that no evidence had been found to support allegations that funds loaned from the National Bank of Georgia had been diverted to Carter's 1976 presidential campaign.
1982 New York gubernatorial primary run.
Curran entered the Republican primary race in 1982. Curran lost in the primary to Lewis Lehrman by a 4-1 margin. The gubernatorial election that was ultimately won by Democrat Mario Cuomo.
Personal life.
Curran married the former Barbara Ann Frank in 1954. He had been an attorney with the firm of Kaye Scholer, with various breaks, since 1961. He lived in Manhattan and Spring Lake, New Jersey. He died on September 4, 2008 in Manhattan of complications of cancer, and was survived by his wife, three sons, four daughters and 22 grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19218619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218619" title="Hatschi-Waldera">
Hatschi-Waldera

"Hatschi-Waldera" is a single released in 1975 by Nina Hagen & Automobil.

</doc>
<doc id="19218620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218620" title="Goddard (Hampshire cricketer)">
Goddard (Hampshire cricketer)

Goddard (first name and years of existence lost to history) was an English professional cricketer.
He was mainly associated with Hampshire and he made six known appearances in first-class matches from 1803 to 1808.

</doc>
<doc id="19218622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218622" title="John Pointer">
John Pointer

John Pointer (born 1782 in England; died 1815 in England) was an English professional cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Hampshire and he made 15 known appearances in first-class matches from 1803 to 1810.

</doc>
<doc id="19218628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218628" title="Anthony S. Black">
Anthony S. Black

Anthony S. "Tony" Black (born September 4, 1951 in Mt. Holly, New Jersey) is a retired, record-holding jockey in North American Thoroughbred horse racing. He is a nephew of U.S. Racing Hall of Fame jockey and New Jersey state steward, Sam Boulmetis, Sr. 
He was raised in Haddon Township, New Jersey, where he has been a longtime resident, and attended Haddon Township High School, graduating in the class of 1970.
Black won his first race at Liberty Bell Park Racetrack in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on June 15, 1970. At Philadelphia Park (now Parx Casino and Racing) on May 1, 2006, the 54-year-old Black became only the 21st jockey in North American racing history to win 5,000 races.
Black is also a co-holder of the North American record for most consecutive wins by a jockey. Tying a 63-year-old record established in 1930 by Albert Adams, on July 30, 1993, Black won three races at the Atlantic City Race Course, followed by two straight at Philadelphia Park on July 31 and another four in a row that same day back at Atlantic City.
Black won his 5,200th career race in the ninth race at Parx on March 18, 2013 aboard Smart Tori, a horse owned by his son. Black had previously indicated that he would retire as a jockey after reaching that milestone.

</doc>
<doc id="19218630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218630" title="1992 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships">
1992 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships

The XVI World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships were held in Brussels, Begium, on November 20–22 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19218660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218660" title="Milton Andrade Vaz Mendes">
Milton Andrade Vaz Mendes

Milton Andrade Vaz Mendes (born 7 October 1979 in Amadora, Lisbon), simply known as Milton, is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a right winger.

</doc>
<doc id="19218661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218661" title="Mitchell (Surrey cricketer)">
Mitchell (Surrey cricketer)

Mitchell (first name and dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Surrey and he made 2 known appearances in first-class matches from 1803 to 1809.

</doc>
<doc id="19218664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218664" title="Parker (Hampshire cricketer)">
Parker (Hampshire cricketer)

Parker (first name and dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Hampshire and he made 3 known appearances in first-class matches from 1803 to 1806.

</doc>
<doc id="19218676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218676" title="Kelling Hall">
Kelling Hall

Kelling Hall is a Grade II listed building situated in the civil parish of Kelling in the English county of Norfolk. It is 0.7 miles from the parish of Holt and overlooks the North Norfolk coastline at a height of 171 feet above sea level. The grounds consist of 1,600 acres and originally came with seven cottages, 11 holiday properties and 10 homes in the village of Holt. It was built in 1913 for Henri Deterding, who was one of the founders of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company. It is noted as being the first design by the architect Sir Edward Maufe who designed it in the Arts and Craft style with a butterfly plan. The hall has a shooting lodge, tennis courts and an outdoor swimming pool. It has five main reception rooms and thirteen bedrooms. The hall was privately owned by James Deterding, the grandson of Henri, until September 2008 when it was sold for £25,000,000 to the recycling tycoon Gary Widdowson, who now resides there with his family. The seven cottages, 11 holiday properties and 10 homes in Holt that originally came with Kelling Hall, now belong to Kelling Estates, who operate a luxury holiday business.

</doc>
<doc id="19218678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218678" title="TV-Glotzer">
TV-Glotzer

"TV-Glotzer" is a single released in 1978 by Nina Hagen. It is a cover of "White Punks on Dope" by The Tubes, but with different German lyrics from the perspective of an East German unable to leave her country, and who feels "alone, the world has forgotten me," but who escapes by watching West German television ("I watch from East to West"), where "everything is so colorful." Hagen herself left East Germany in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19218701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218701" title="Brian Fitzgerald">
Brian Fitzgerald

Brian Fitzgerald may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19218727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218727" title="Dana Thomas">
Dana Thomas

Dana Thomas (born Feb. 3, 1964) is a fashion and culture journalist based in Paris. Born in Washington, D.C. and raised in Radnor, Pa., Thomas earned a B.A. in Print Journalism at American University in Washington D.C.
Career.
She began her career working for the Style section of The Washington Post in 1987. 
Thomas is currently a contributing editor for T, the New York Times' Style magazine and the Paris correspondent for Harper's Bazaar Australia. She served as a contributing editor for WSJ, the Wall Street Journal's monthly magazine from 2011-2012, as the European editor of Conde Nast Portfolio from 2008 to 2009, and as European cultural and fashion correspondent for Newsweek in Paris from 1995 to 2008. She has contributed to various publications including the New York Times Magazine, the New Yorker, Harper's Bazaar, Vogue, Los Angeles Times, Financial Times in London. She also writes regularly for Architectural Digest and Elle Decor.
She is the author of the New York Times bestseller "", published by The Penguin Press in 2007. The book addresses the disparity between the rarefied world that luxury once represented- populated by private, family-owned businesses that catered to the aristocracy and the billion-dollar, mass-producing and mass-marketing industry it is today. The New York Times called the Deluxe, "a crisp, witty social history that’s as entertaining as it is informative." 
Thomas lives in Paris and is a member of the Anglo-American Press Association in Paris and the Overseas Press Club. She taught journalism at The American University of Paris from 1996 to 1999. In 1987, she received the Sigma Delta Chi Foundation Scholarship and the Ellis Haller Award for Outstanding Achievement in Journalism.

</doc>
<doc id="19218736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218736" title="Elisabeth, Princess of Schleswig-Holstein">
Elisabeth, Princess of Schleswig-Holstein

Elisabeth, Princess of Schleswig-Holstein (née Princess Elisabeth of Lippe-Weissenfeld; born 28 July 1957 in Munich, Bavaria, Germany) is the princess consort to the current Head of the Ducal House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, Christoph, Prince of Schleswig-Holstein. Elisabeth is the daughter of Alfred, Prince of Lippe-Weissenfeld and his wife Baroness Irmgard Julinka Wagner von Wehrborn.
Marriage and issue.
Elisabeth married Christoph, Prince of Schleswig-Holstein, son of Peter, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and his wife Princess Marie Alix of Schaumburg-Lippe, on 23 September 1981 at Damp, Schwansen, Schleswig-Holstein in a civil ceremony. Elisabeth and Christoph were remarried in a religious ceremony on 3 October 1981 at Glücksburg, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. On their marriage Elisabeth became The Princess of Schleswig-Holstein with the style of "Highness".
Career.
The Princess currently runs a business designing silk scarves and fabrics from her studio in Grünholz, the family's residence.

</doc>
<doc id="19218766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218766" title="2008 Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic – Singles">
2008 Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic – Singles

Lindsay Davenport was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Patty Schnyder won in the final 6–3, 6–0, against Tamira Paszek.
Seeds.
The top two seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19218767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218767" title="Robert Straniere">
Robert Straniere

Robert Alan Straniere (born March 28, 1941) is a Republican politician from New York City. He represented a district in Staten Island in the New York State Assembly from 1981 until 2004, serving as the Assistant Minority Leader from 1995 until 2004. In the 2008 Congressional election, he was a candidate for the House of Representatives in New York's 13th Congressional District, a seat being vacated by Vito Fossella.
Born in Manhattan and raised in Staten Island, Straniere received his Bachelor's degree from Wagner College in 1962, and attended New York University Law School, where he was awarded a Juris Doctor degree in 1965. He joined the New York Army National Guard in 1966, and returned to NYU Law School, where he was awarded a Master of Laws degree in 1969. He then served as Counsel to New York State Senator John J. Marchi from 1970 until 1980, when he ran for the New York State Assembly seat which was being vacated by Guy Molinari. He won the election and served in the Assembly for 24 years, including 10 years as the Assistant Minority Leader, until his defeat by Vincent Ignizio in the Republican primary and a contentious four candidate general election in 2004.
After his re-election defeat, Straniere moved to Manhattan and in April 2007 he opened up a restaurant at the corner of Chambers and Church Streets in Tribeca called the "New York City Hot Dog Company". In early October 2008, Straniere closed the restaurant after business dropped off; he is currently being sued by one of his business partners, Fred Catapano, for allegedly failing to give Catapano the full percentage of shares to which he was entitled and improperly removing him from leadership positions within the company.
At the beginning of 2008, Vito Fossella, also a Republican, had been expected to win re-election to his Congressional seat easily. The political picture in the district changed dramatically in May, however, when Fossella was arrested for drunk driving. The arrest led to the revelation that he had maintained a longtime adulterous relationship with a woman in Virginia, with whom he had a child. Fossella subsequently announced that he would not seek re-election.
Straniere received the endorsement of the Staten Island Republican Party. On September 9, 2008, Staniere defeated Dr. Jamshad I. Wyne in the Republican primary to become the Republican candidate. He opposed the winner of the Democratic primary, Michael E. McMahon, a member of the New York City Council. McMahon won the election on November 4.

</doc>
<doc id="19218770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218770" title="1991 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships">
1991 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships

The XV World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships were held in Athens, Greece, on October 9–13, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19218780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218780" title="Newent Community School">
Newent Community School

The campus consists of which includes extensive sporting and leisure facilities, including: a floodlit all weather pitch; sports hall; squash courts; gymnasium; fitness suite and indoor heated swimming pool - all of which are for use by the school and wider community. As a community school, adult education classes, are held both in the school and in the dedicated community rooms. 
Mark Harper MP was governor between 2000 - 2005.
In January 2013, the school was judged to be "inadequate" by Ofsted and placed into special measures. Headteacher Jane Steele resigned.
Eco-Lab.
The school required a new laboratory to meet curriculum requirements and inspired by exchange visits with a school in Kenya the pupils requested that it be developed as an eco lab. The building was opened in October 2007 by naturalist Chris Packham,
Kenya student exchange.
Newent Community School, along with two other Gloucestershire schools (Dene Magna School and Lakers School) has been involved with student exchange with St George’s Secondary School near Kisumu in Kenya for eight years. The school maintains a strong partnership with St George's Secondary School and provides financial and educational support through the use of fundraising.
Students visited St George's in Kenya in 2004, 2006, 2009, and 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19218781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218781" title="Gustave Auguste Besson">
Gustave Auguste Besson

Gustave-Auguste Besson (1820-1874) was a musical instrument manufacturer and innovator. He created the Besson brand in Paris, France, in 1837. Besson is credited with more than 50 original inventions. His alterations to the cornet were particularly notable. 
Besson's instruments were revolutionary in their design and quality, and as such became famous across Europe. After a series of lawsuits with Adolphe Sax, Besson left Paris in 1858 and relocated to London. He continued to manufacture instruments in Paris and London and had distribution warehouses in Brussels, Charleroi, Madrid and Barcelona. After Besson's death in 1874, the company changed its name in France to become Fontaine-Besson in 1880. It remained Besson in Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="19218784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218784" title="USS Beaufort (1799)">
USS Beaufort (1799)

USS "Beaufort" (1799) was a row galley constructed by the citizens of Beaufort, South Carolina, and presented to the United States Government to be used to protect the coast of South Carolina from possible attack by warships of France, which was undergoing political instability following the French Revolution.
"Beaufort" carried a powerful 24-pounder gun and because it had oars it had the advantage of being able to be rowed to various advantageous firing positions in becalmed seas.
Built in South Carolina.
The first U.S. Navy ship to be so named,"Beaufort", a row galley constructed by the citizens of Beaufort, South Carolina, in 1799, was presented by them to the United States government and was placed in commission by the U.S. Navy around the beginning of the summer of that year, Capt. P. A. Cartwright in command.
Protecting the South Carolina coast.
"Beaufort's" construction had been occasioned by the undeclared hostilities that broke out at sea between the United States and revolutionary France in 1798. Her duty was to protect the South Carolina coast, harbors, inlets, and waterways from invasions and raids.
Since neither of the two countries ever seriously entertained thoughts of invading the other's territory, "Beaufort" spent her brief career in making uneventful patrols along the South Carolina coast.
Dispositioning after end of threat.
She was finally sold at public auction in Charleston, South Carolina, sometime around the beginning of February 1802.

</doc>
<doc id="19218785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218785" title="Martin Ruland">
Martin Ruland

Martin Ruland is the name of two German physicians and alchemists:

</doc>
<doc id="19218795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218795" title="Yohanny Valera">
Yohanny Valera

Yohanny Valera (August 29, 1976 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is an unofficially retired Major League Baseball player. Valera played for the Montreal Expos in the season. He played in 7 career games, with no hits in ten at-bats, with one walk. 
He was signed by the New York Mets as an amateur free agent in 1993 and also played in the Montreal Expos, Tampa Bay Devil Rays, and Detroit Tigers organizations before leaving organized baseball after the 2003 season. Valera also played in for the Aces, a traveling team in the Northeast League, in 2004. He spent a season with the Worcester Tornadoes of the Can-Am League and won the league championship in 2005, then spent a year with Italy's Bbc Grosseto. He returned to the US in 2007 playing for Worcester, then the Sussex Skyhawks in 2008, and one final professional season with Worcester in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19218803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218803" title="2008 Donington Park Superbike World Championship round">
2008 Donington Park Superbike World Championship round

The 2008 Donington Park Superbike World Championship round was the eleventh round of the 2008 Superbike World Championship season. It took place on the weekend of 5-7 September 2008, at the Donington Park circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="19218832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218832" title="Carlos Manuel Dias Saavedra">
Carlos Manuel Dias Saavedra

Carlos Manuel Dias Saavedra (born 1 February 1981 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Glyfada F.C. in Greece, as a central midfielder.
Football career.
During his career, spent mainly in Portugal's lower leagues, Saavedra represented G.D. Estoril Praia, Sport União Sintrense, F.C. Barreirense, C.D. Trofense and Odivelas FC. In 2008, he signed a two-year contract in with Doxa Katokopias F.C. in Cyprus.
After two seasons Saavedra continued in the country, joining AEK Larnaca FC, who immediately loaned him to his previous club.

</doc>
<doc id="19218834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218834" title="Pino Pascali">
Pino Pascali

Pino Pascali (19 October 1935 – 11 September 1968) was an Italian artist, sculptor, set designer and performer.
Biography.
Pino Pascali was born in Bari, Italy in 1935 and moved to Rome in 1955 to learn scene painting and set design at the Academy of Art. Pascali worked as an advertisement illustrator and designer for a number of years before his first solo exhibition in 1965 at the Galleria La Tartaruga. 
In 1968, Pascali died in a motorcycle accident at the age of thirty-two. His short career has served as an important contribution to post-war art.
Education.
In 1955, Pascali left the science-oriented school that he attended in Bari, and went to a secondary school specialized in the arts. In 1956 he enrolled at the Accademia di Belle Arti in Rome, on the scenic design course held by Peppino Piccolo with the help of his assistant Fabio Vergoz. He also studied under the guidance of Toti Scialoja, whose open teaching approach encouraged students to experiment with diverse mediums and forms. In the context of the Accademia, Pascali met fellow Arte Povera artist Jannis Kounellis. Pascali took part in a number of collective shows for young artists: 1956, the Painting Exhibition at the Istituto Tommaseo di Tivoli; 1956, Second Exhibition "Pennello d'argento" at the Circolo Culturale dell Vittorie in Rome; 1959, Scenic Design Show, at the 2nd Festival dei Due Mondi in Spoleto. Before Pascali graduated in 1959 he worked as an assistant scenic designer in many RAI productions and additionally collaborated with the Studio Saraceni, Lodolofilm and Incom as a set designer, graphic designe, scriptwriter and creative writer for television advertising, making sketches, creating characters and shorts for the ads. 
Works.
In 1966, Pascali had a solo exhibition at the L'Attico Gallery in Rome. It was through this exhibition that he first showed his “fake sculptures,” a series of shaped-canvases that first appear to be solid sculptures but are actually paintings that present abstract forms suggesting animals, plants and landscapes. One of Pascali's "fake sculptures" was "Decapitazione delle giraffe," or "Decapitation of the giraffes". Here a structure of wood was created to resemble a skeleton which was then covered with canvas to represent skin. Other sculptures in this series included, "Decapitazione della sculptura" or "Decapitation of the sculpture", (1966), and "Mare" or "Sea", (1966). Pascali's other works involving canvas include "Grande bacino di donna, mons Venus", ( "Large woman's pelvis, mons Venus") 1964, and "Labbra rosse", ( "Red lips") 1964. These works were large flat canvases that became three-dimensional sculptures through the use of wooden structures, paint, and other materials, though they were still able to be hung on the wall. Many of these sculptures were references to popular culture of the time. Soon before, Pascali had created his “Armi series,” or "Weaponry" (1965-66). Assembled from found materials and painted olive-green, these sculptures faithfully recreate every detail of the weapon it mimics. However, as the weapon cannot fire or kill, it becomes an innocent, oversized toy.
The quote above by Pascali, shows the roots of the strong connection of these war items as toys to a strong war presence in his childhood.
Opposite to the “Armi series” in appearance, Pascali presented organic forms in a dream-like universe that, like the “fake sculptures,” play on the relationship between illusion and reality. 
Another famous sculpture by Pascali is the "32 m² di mare circa", or "Approximately 32 m² of sea". Done in 1967 this sculpture consists of 30 shallow "trays" containing dyed blue water. These tiles were placed adjacently of the floor, except for 6 where a zig-zag path was created so that the viewer could walk through this "sea" that Pascali has created for them. This influence of the mirror-esque quality of water can be seen in his other works, "Fiume", ("River"), "Fiume con foce tripla", ("River with triple estuary"), "Acque stagnanti", ("Stagnant waters"), and "Canali d'irrigazione", ("Irrigation canals").

</doc>
<doc id="19218840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218840" title="Henri Lavorel">
Henri Lavorel

Henri-Albert-Sylvestre Lavorel was born on 5 July 1914 in Annecy, Haute-Savoie and died in a car accident on 7 January 1955 in Versailles. He was married to the English actress Madeleine Carroll from 1946 to 1949.
He worked as a producer, writer and director, most notably on "Le Voyage en Amérique" (1951) (writer, producer, director) and "C'est arrivé à Paris" (1953) (producer, director).

</doc>
<doc id="19218841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218841" title="List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1980">
List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1980

List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19218849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218849" title="Gene Vadeboncoeur">
Gene Vadeboncoeur

Onesime Eugene "Gene" Vadeboncoeur (July 15, 1858 – after 1930) was a Major League Baseball player. Vadeboncoeur played for Philadelphia Quakers in the 1884 season. He played in four games, collecting three hits in 14 at-bats, totaling a .214 batting average. He is the first native of Quebec to play in Major League Baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="19218877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218877" title="Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre running target">
Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre running target

The men's skeet shooting competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics was the last shooting event of the Sydney Games, held on 22 and 23 September. Yang Ling successfully defended his title, a tenth of a point ahead of Oleg Moldovan.
Records.
The existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
Qualification round.
The slow runs were fired on Thursday and the fast runs on Friday.
Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="19218886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218886" title="1989 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships">
1989 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships

The XIV World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships were held in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia, on 27 September - 1 October 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19218899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218899" title="Maneno Oswald">
Maneno Oswald

Maneno Oswald (born 25 February 1970 in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania) is a Tanzanian super-middleweight boxer.

</doc>
<doc id="19218908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218908" title="Palmer C. Ricketts">
Palmer C. Ricketts

Palmer Chamberlain Ricketts (1856 - 1934) was the ninth president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He served as president for 33 years and oversaw a period of major expansion and development of the university. 
He was born in Elkton, Maryland, on January 17, 1856, and was educated privately at Princeton, New Jersey. His was apparently an engineering family, since a brother, Louis H., achieved prominence as a mining engineer and in finance in New Mexico. Ricketts first arrived at RPI in 1871, at only fifteen years of age. During his junior year, he was a member of the editorial board which produced one of the more irreverent volumes of the "Transit", the school yearbook. Immediately following his graduation in 1875, Ricketts was appointed as Assistant in Mathematics and Astronomy at RPI. He served as an assistant engineer for the Troy and Boston Railroad Company during the summers of 1876 and 1877, and was later elected a member of the American Society of Civil Engineers and the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. Ricketts was promoted to Assistant Professor in 1882 and in 1884 became the William H. Hart Professor of Rational & Technical Mechanics, the first endowed chair at the Institute. Between 1881 and 1883 Ricketts obtained patents for the invention of an electromagnetic station indicator and a railway-car electrical circuit coupler, and in later years he was vice-president of the Trojan Car Coupler Company. He did research on testing materials, and in 1885 the English journal, "Iron", reprinted an article by Ricketts from "Van Nostrand’s Engineering Magazine" on "Physical Tests of Malleable Cast Iron, with Ten Tables." 
In 1892, he was appointed director of the institute, a position that put him in charge of the faculty. During this time, he added an electrical engineering program. He also worked to improve recognition and support of the Institute through various publicity efforts, such as a display at the 1893 Columbian Exposition in Chicago. He was elected president in 1901 by unanimous consent of the board of trustees. During his administration he pushed for major expansion of the student body and campus. During his tenure, ten major academic buildings were constructed, now referred to as the "Green Roof" or "Ricketts" campus, due to the easily recognizable brick colonial revival architecture and copper roofs. He also oversaw the construction of twenty-nine dormitory units, including the Quadrangle complex (1916-1927), North Hall and E Dormitories (1932). Degree programs in mechanical, chemical, metallurgical, aeronautical and industrial engineering programs were added to the curriculum as well as a school of architecture in 1929 and a graduate school. Ricketts successfully raised money from groups and individuals to support this development; most notably a $1 million gift from Margaret Olivia Sage in 1906. John M. Lockhart, a member of the class of 1887, who was a steel maker, financier and a son of a founder of Standard Oil, contributed more than $5 million under the pseudonym "Builder." Overall, he presided over the growth of Rensselaer's resources from less than $500,000 to more than $11 million. Enrollment increased from around 200 to 1,900, and the number of faculty increased correspondingly. Ricketts organized the Institute's 100th Anniversary celebration in 1934, which was attended by dignitaries from around the world. He wrote the first three editions of "History of the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute"; the first edition of was published in 1895, the second in 1914, and the third in 1934.
In 1933, he began the construction of a building for the aeronautical, chemical and metallurgical engineering departments, but did not live to see its completion in 1935, as he died in office on December 9, 1934. It was named the Ricketts Building in his honor. He was inducted into RPI's Alumni Hall of Fame in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19218911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218911" title="Simocetus">
Simocetus

Simocetus (from "simus", "pug-nosed", and "cetus", "whale") is an extinct genus of toothed whale that lived during the Oligocene period, approximately , making it the oldest named toothed whale, although older unnamed toothed whales exist.
"Simocetus" is known from a single fossil, a skull, found in marine siltstone deposits of the Alsea Formation on the banks of Oregon's Yaquina River in 1977 by fossil hunter of the region, Douglas Emlong. It was first named by New Zealand paleontologist Ewan Fordyce in 2002 and contains a single species, "S. rayi". He found its teeth and jaw different from any other known whale's, and thought it might have been a bottom feeder that fed by suction on marine invertebrates. Features of the basicranium and face suggest that "Simocetus" may have had comparable echolocation abilities to modern whales.

</doc>
<doc id="19218913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218913" title="Yugoslavia v Netherlands (1990)">
Yugoslavia v Netherlands (1990)

On June 3, 1990 Yugoslavia hosted the Netherlands in an international friendly at Zagreb's Maksimir stadium. The match was the last preparation friendly (known as the "dress rehearsal") for Ivica Osim's Yugoslavia side ahead of the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy. However, the contest is mostly remembered for the controversy raised due to the spectator behaviour: throughout the match, a nationalist Croat crowd of 20,000 shouted down the Yugoslav national anthem, insulted Yugoslav team players and jeered the head coach. Play on the pitch quickly became secondary as the match turned into another football-related incident reflecting ethnic tensions and rising nationalism in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
Background.
Although on what would soon turn out to be its last legs, SFR Yugoslavia (multi-ethnic federation made up of six constituent republics) still existed as a state in 1990 while Socialist Republic of Croatia was its second largest constituent republic populated mostly by ethnic Croats with a large ethnic Serb minority.
Ten years following the death of Yugoslav lifetime president Josip Broz Tito, SFR Yugoslavia was crippled by rising ethnic tensions. In parallel, in the wake of the fall of the Berlin Wall, the country was transitioning its system of governance from communist one-party system to democratic multi-party system.
SR Croatia's first parliamentary elections took place from April 22 to May 7 of 1990 with nationalist right-wing Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) led by Franjo Tuđman winning in a landslide. 
With tensions running high, a football riot took place on May 13, 1990 at Maksimir during a Yugoslav First League match between the Croatian club Dinamo Zagreb and the Serbian club Red Star Belgrade. Croatian midfielder Zvonimir Boban kicked the policeman Refik Ahmetović and as a result got suspended by the Football Association of Yugoslavia (FSJ) for six months, causing him to miss the FIFA World Cup 1990 as well as the pre-tournament preparation friendlies.
Game.
The exhibition versus the Netherlands took place on June 3 and was the last exhibition before the FIFA World Cup 1990. The crowd of 20,000 booed the Yugoslav national anthem Hey, Slavs. Fans cheered for the Netherlands, heckling the Yugoslav team and its manager Ivica Osim. Many "Dutch" flags were also seen in the crowd, owing to their similarity to the Croatian tricolour (red, white and blue).
Aftermath.
The match was the last of the Yugoslav team to be played in Maksimir. On October 17 of that year the Croatian national team played its first international match in Maksimir against the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19218923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218923" title="Kenny &amp; the Dragon">
Kenny &amp; the Dragon

Kenny & the Dragon is a 2008 children's novel by Tony DiTerlizzi. It is based on the story of The Reluctant Dragon.
Plot.
Kenny Rabbit is a young bunny that lives in a village called Roundbrook and enjoys reading. He is informed from his father that a dragon has moved to the hill by his parents' farm. The dragon, Grahame, loves literature, enjoys reciting long poems over dinner, and only uses his fire-breathing abilities to torch crème brûlée through his left nostril and he is a rarity among dragons. At school, Kenny accidentally says that he saw a dragon. When the villagers hear of it, they panic. A retired knight (George), who is Kenny's best friend, has been hired to slay Grahame. Kenny wants to keep his two friends from fighting or killing each other, but no one will listen to him. Kenny quickly came up with a way to convince them that they would become best friends if they gotten to know each other.
Reception.
A "Publishers Weekly" review says, "DiTerlizzi's novel is light-hearted and his informal pencil sketches enhance the creative interpretation of what would otherwise be a simple animal story. Some readers might struggle with the mannered vocabulary, which encompasses words like "drake" and varlet," and Beowulf references will probably be lost on the intended audience. Regardless, readers will understand the author's message: make friends, not unfair judgments". A "Kirkus Reviews" review says, "A readable, if denatured, rendition of a faded classic". The "School Library Journal" also praised the book.

</doc>
<doc id="19218931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218931" title="Fred Van Dusen">
Fred Van Dusen

Frederick William Van Dusen (born July 31, 1937) is a former Major League Baseball player. Van Dusen played for Philadelphia Phillies in the 1955 season. He played just one game in his career, had one plate appearance, and was hit by a pitch on an 0-2 count. He is the only major league player in history who was hit by a pitch in their only ML appearance, and who never took to the field defensively.
An outfielder by trade, Van Dusen was signed by the Phillies in August 1955 as a bonus baby, meaning he had to be kept on the Phillies' 40-man roster for two years. During his first month with the team, he appeared just once, pinch hitting in the second game of a doubleheader against the Milwaukee Braves on September 11, 1955. In the 9th inning, with the Phillies down 9-1, he pinch hit for pitcher Lynn Lovenguth against Humberto Robinson and was hit by a pitch.
While Van Dusen never appeared in another major league game, he did continue to play in the Phillies minor league organization until before retiring.
For a time between 2005 and 2012, Van Dusen was joined by Adam Greenberg as one of only two players who were hit by a pitch in their only ML appearance, and who also never appeared defensively. (Three other players who "did" take to the field were hit by a pitch in their only Major League plate appearance: Ham Wade in 1907, Harvey Grubb in 1912, and Cy Malis in 1934.) However, on October 2, 2012, Greenberg was recalled by the Miami Marlins for one day, seven years after being hit with a pitched ball in his first major league plate appearance. Greenberg struck out in his only at bat. Van Dusen traveled to Miami to throw out the ceremonial first pitch in Greenberg's return game.

</doc>
<doc id="19218940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218940" title="Derry Workhouse">
Derry Workhouse

Derry Workhouse was a Workhouse in Derry, Northern Ireland.
In the mid-1990s, numerous human remains were found at the Waterside Workhouse. These remains, believed to be of people who died in the mid-nineteenth century, were later interred in the local Ballyoan cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19218944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218944" title="Ashta Chamma">
Ashta Chamma

Ashta Chamma is a critically acclaimed 2008 Indian comedy film written and directed by Mohan Krishna Indraganti. Filmed in Telugu, the film deals with four quirky characters interwoven in a romantic narration. The film stars Colours Swathi, Nani, Srinivas Avasarala and Bhargavi in the lead with Tanikella Bharani in a supporting role."
The film's idea is similar to that of "The Importance of Being Earnest".
Plot.
The movie starts with a small introduction that all the female fans of actor Mahesh Babu were "angry" on him when he got married. Even the heroine is one of them, though she is a die hard fan. Although her aunt (Jhansi) keeps telling her that it's not possible to get her married to Mahesh she pays no heed and stays depressed for days. Finally, she compromises with her aunt by demanding that her husband's name must be Mahesh. Her aunt relents and starts the search for the groom, though in vain.
Her neighbor, Anand, helps the heroine by searching a seemingly perfect "Mahesh". He becomes friends with him and sees that Mahesh is a classy, handsome guy. Soon, the neighbor introduces the two and the couple seem destined to be together forever—until the twists come with a new heroine, her relationship with "Mahesh" and his past. If their love lasts forever forms the rest of the story.
Production.
Prior to this film, Indraganti debuted with the National Film Award-winning "Grahanam" (2005) and followed it up with "Mayabazaar" (2006). While working on the characters, the story became more female-centric and thereby departed from Wilde's narration. After working on the story's draft of 225 pages for about two months, he began fine-tuning it for another few months. The film was produced by Ram Mohan, his first production venture. Mohan, a management graduate from Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad, previously worked for UTV Software Communications. While Kalyani Malik was hired to compose the music and the background score, Marthand K. Venkatesh was chosen as film's editor.
The film is named after Ashta Chamma, a game from the South Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The game, which is otherwise known as Ludo, was released as part of the film's promotion.
While Indraganti wanted Bhumika Chawla to be cast in the leading role, he chose Colours Swathi in the supporting role. However when he was unsuccessful in hiring Chawla for the film, he promoted Swathi to the lead role. Swati held a good opinion about Indraganti, whom she thought to be quite an educated director. After confirming Swathi for the role, Indraganti was scouting for three more actors to form the primary cast. During this period, Swathi completed the Tamil film, "Subramaniapuram".

</doc>
<doc id="19218946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218946" title="Randi Ettner">
Randi Ettner

Randi Joy Cahan Ettner (born 1952) is an American clinical and forensic psychologist. She is a specialist in her clinical practice in the use of energy psychology.
Life and career.
A native of Lincolnwood, Illinois, Ettner completed her undergraduate degree at Indiana University, where she earned the Outstanding Psychology Student Award and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. She then earned her M.A. from Roosevelt University.
She began working with transgender people in 1977 at Cook County Hospital in Chicago, Illinois. She received her Ph.D. in psychology at Northwestern University, writing her dissertation on childbirth. Ettner had additional training at Moray House School of Education in Scotland.
Ettner is founder of New Health Foundation Worldwide, which serves people with trans gender problems, and works with her husband, physician Frederic M. Ettner. A large part of her clinical practice portion is work with the "emotional freedom technique", or energy psychology, used to "rid her patients of limiting beliefs; clear individuals of fears, traumas or worries; eliminate physical pain; and even enhance the on-field performance of athletes." She referred transgender patients to surgeon Eugene Schrang until his retirement. Ettner is a member of the American Psychological Association and served on the Board of Directors of the World Professional Association for Transgender Health from 2001 to 2005.
She has helped pass anti-discrimination laws, provided testimony on behalf of trans people seeking workplace rights, and testified in favor of hormone treatment for prisoners. Her criticism of psychologist J. Michael Bailey and his 2003 book "The Man Who Would Be Queen" was reported in the "Chicago Reader". Bailey has stated his book was initially motivated by what he saw as "gross inaccuracies in Ettner's account of transsexualism." Ettner works to improve understanding of trans issues by supporting the first center to provide resources for transgender people. and has spoken out against attitudes used to justify violence against trans people.
Selected publications.
According to ISI, the citation tracking service, she has an h-index of 0, and according to google scholar, she has an h-index of 4.

</doc>
<doc id="19218947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218947" title="Giacomo Rossi-Stuart">
Giacomo Rossi-Stuart

Giacomo Rossi-Stuart (25 August 1925 – 20 October 1994) was an Italian film actor often credited as Jack Stuart. He appeared in over 80 films between 1953 and 1989.
Born in Todi, a former athlete of pentathlon, he studied at Actors Studio in New York. Between late fifties and late seventies he was one of the protagonists of the Italian genre cinema. He was father of the actor Kim Rossi Stuart.

</doc>
<doc id="19218959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218959" title="Ernst, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg">
Ernst, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg

Ernst, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19218975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218975" title="Carlisle, Michigan">
Carlisle, Michigan

Carlisle, Michigan may refer to two unincorporated, mostly historic settlements in the U.S. state of Michigan:

</doc>
<doc id="19218987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218987" title="L J Couves &amp; Partners">
L J Couves &amp; Partners

L. J. Couves and Partners were a British architectural firm from Newcastle upon Tyne in England.
History.
Between 1924 and 1928, the company worked under the lead architects Burnet, Tait and Lorne on the design of Carliol House, the headquarters of Newcastle upon Tyne Electric Supply Company. Then in 1930, the company designed the art-deco styled car park and garage, Dex Garage.
In the 1950s and 1960s, L J Couves and Partners were responsible for the design of a number of power stations in North East England. Power stations they designed included the Stella power stations, which were built between 1951 and 1957, and the Blyth power stations, built between 1955 and 1966. In 1955, the company were contracted to design the United Kingdom's second ever nuclear power station, Chapelcross nuclear power station at Annan in Scotland.
In 1980, the company designed Jesmond Metro station, for the Tyne and Wear Metro.

</doc>
<doc id="19218997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218997" title="Jürgen Nöldner">
Jürgen Nöldner

Jürgen Nöldner (born February 22, 1941 in Berlin) is a German former footballer who was active in East Germany. He is the son of Erwin Nöldner, a resistance fighter killed by the Nazis in 1944.
Playing career.
Nöldner began his senior career in 1959, with Vorwärts Berlin. He was to spend his entire career with the club, even staying when it was moved to Frankfurt/Oder in 1971. During this time he was East German champion five times, and won the Cup in 1970. He also played internationally for East Germany, winning 30 caps and scoring 16 goals, including a first minute goal against Austria which was the fastest in the national team's history. He was part of the all-East German team that represented Germany at the 1964 Summer Olympics, winning the bronze medal. In 1966 he was voted East German Footballer of the Year, and such was his reputation that he was nicknamed "the Puskas of the DDR".
After retirement.
Nöldner retired in 1973, and became a sports journalists. He edited the Neue Fußballwoche, an East German football magazine, from 1984 to 1990, and served as Berlin editor of Kicker sportmagazin from 1990 until his retirement in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19218999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19218999" title="Georges Holvoet">
Georges Holvoet

Baron Georges Josephus Lamoraldus Maria Gislemus Holvoet (Antwerp, 16 August 1874 – Elsene, 23 April 1967 was a Belgian lawyer and Roman Catholic politician. He was governor of the province of Antwerp from 8 November 1923 until 21 December 1945.
Political career.
Georges Holvoet was Chef de Cabinet of the Prince Regent Prince Charles who reigned in lieu of his older brother Leopold III from 1944 until 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19219010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219010" title="Cheadle Coalfield">
Cheadle Coalfield

The Cheadle Coalfield is a coalfield in the United Kingdom. Centred on the town of Cheadle, Staffordshire and its outlying villages it lies to the east of Stoke-on-Trent and the much larger North Staffordshire Coalfield. The area has been mined for many years, with documentary evidence from Croxden Abbey citing coal mining in the 13th century.
Deep mining ceased in 1965 with the closure of Foxfield Colliery by the National Coal Board. Private adit mining and opencast mining ceased in 1994 with the exhaustion of economic reserves.
Geology.
The Cheadle Coalfield covers an area of about and lies to the East of Stoke on Trent and its larger neighbour, the North Staffordshire Coalfield.
The boundary of the coalfield in the west is the Village of Forsbrook, and nearby Callow Hill where a small fault marks the western boundary. The coalfield then underlies the villages of Dilhorne and Kingsley. Further east a major fault in the Churnet Valley throws the coal upwards. Over millions of years the upper seams in this area were washed away and the lower seams outcrop around Ipstones, Foxt and Alton. The coalfield's eastern boundary is the Millstone Grit and Limestone of the Pennines around Ipstones Edge.
Despite the coalfield being detached from its much larger neighbour, the North Staffordshire Coalfield, and developing from the latter in relative isolation, geological analysis by the National Coal Board in the mid 20th century correlated the coal seams of the two coalfields.
Around the coalfield the measures are covered with alluvium and marl with sizeable amounts of industrial sand, gravel and limestone predominating in certain areas. The Sherwood sandstone group is the predominant rock that occurs, and comprises up to 205m of conglomerates and sandstone with scattered siltstone and mudstone.
Within the area the Sandstone group has been subdivided into three lithostratigraphic formations, and quarrying for aggregates and minerals is an important industry around the coalfield area.
The coal is found at a shallow depth which made mining in the area relatively easy. As the coal outcrops around the Cheadle area, the seams that were heavily worked are the deeper seams in the North Staffs field, in many cases seams that were too deep to mine economically in North Staffordshire. However they were found in shallow depths around Cheadle.
History.
The coal measures around Cheadle were worked for a number of centuries and there is documentary evidence that the coal was worked before the 17th century. Dr Robert Plot, a Don from Oxford visited the area in the 1680s whilst surveying for a book he was writing on Staffordshire and encountered Coal Mining around Cheadle and Kingsley. George Barrow, a nineteenth Century geologist who did a survey of the Coalfield said that:
The industry, however, had its heyday during the 19th century. The 1880 edition of the Ordnance Survey plan of the area shows 66 coal mines, along with a number of Ironstone mines. Mining around Cheadle was done on a relatively small scale compared with the nearby Potteries and many of the miners knew the owners of the mines, as most were owned by local landowners. 
In particular, the Whitehurst and Bamford families owned collieries around the Dilhorne area in a partnership. Their biggest concern was the Dilhorne Colliery, which was a large pit and incorporated the Old Engine Colliery, one of the first in Cheadle to have a Steam Engine. The Bowers family of Harewood Hall were local coalmasters for a number of years and originally owned the famous Woodhead Colliery.Robert Plant, a local character who was involved in many local mining ventures.
The industry gradually reduced in size in the early 20th century and by the late 1930s the only two deep mines left were Foxfield Colliery and New Haden Colliery. Both were fairly large mines for Cheadle and were very modern. Foxfield was heavily modernised during the 1930s when it was decided to close Parkhall Colliery and concentrate production at Foxfield, mainly due in part to the rail connection the colliery had to the Stoke - Derby railway line at Blythe Bridge. Extensive new surface facilities were built and, in what was unique for Cheadle, Concrete headgears were erected.New Haden Colliery, which had the early nickname of the "Klondyke" due to the thick Woodhead coal the pit mined was one of the first mines in Staffordshire to be electrified underground and, in addition to the colliery, there was a brickworks in production.
Nationalisation to the present day.
By the time of Nationalisation of the entire British Coal mining industry in 1947, Foxfield was the last deep mine in the Cheadle Coalfield. New Haden had closed in 1943 after heavy flooding underground rendered the mine uneconomic. The workforce was either transferred to Foxfield, or to Berry Hill Colliery in the Potteries.
Foxfield grew steadily under the ownership of the National Coal Board until it employed nearly 600 men by the mid-1950s. Output also peaked during this period at 210,813 tons in 1954. During this time the only Coal now Mined was The Big Dilhorne in the Dilhorne 19 and 20's Faces. The pit's surface buildings were again modernised and a new shower block for the miners was constructed, along with improvements in the Coal screens and washing facilities. However, output and manpower steadily decreased from the mid '50s peak and the colliery was finally closed in 1965. The majority of the miners were transferred to Florence Colliery in Longton, where a fully mechanised face in the Moss seam was prepared for the Cheadle miners. Some miners also transferred to Hem Heath Colliery in Trentham.
Foxfield was the last deep mine in the Cheadle Coalfield and had worked for 83 years, which was a record for a Cheadle pit. It had also stretched its boundaries further than any other pit in the coalfield and was indeed a worthy colliery and one that Cheadle should be very proud of. The last face that was worked at Foxfield was Dilhorne 21's,which lies under the Dilhorne Rocks area.
Ironically, and considering the scale of the coal industry in Staffordshire, the winding gear and surface buildings at Foxfield still exist to this day and are owned by the Foxfield Steam Railway who run heritage steam traction to the former colliery along the branch line from their base at Blythe Bridge.
After the end of deep mining, coal was mined in Cheadle right up until the mid-1990s by opencast mining methods. There were also a few small adit, or drift, mines which were situated where the coal outcropped.
Until the end of deep Coal Mining in Staffordshire during the 1990s, Cheadle was still very much a mining town with a lot of men working at Florence and Hem Heath Collieries and, regular Buses were laid on by British Coal to transport the Cheadle Miners to work in the Potteries Coalfield.
Seams of the Cheadle Coalfield.
Because the coalfield developed in isolation from the Potteries coalfield, the seam names are different from those in use in the Potteries. However, as stated earlier, the seams were correlated together in the 1950s by the analysis of marine bands. Below are the seams in the Cheadle Coalfield, the shallowest at the top. However, the shallow seams in the Potteries don't exist in Cheadle, having been washed away millions of years ago. The equivalent seam in the Potteries coalfield is shown in brackets, and the approximate thickness is shown in feet.
All the thicknesses are approximate.
The seams are generally named after where the coal outcropped, i.e., Woodhead, Dilhorne, Foxfield, Litley, etc.
Of all the coal, the Woodhead is probably the most famous in the coalfield and was the seam that was most sought after by the miners and the owners. The Dilhorne seam is famous as it was extensively worked by Foxfield Colliery right up to the closure of that pit. The Crabtree and the Third Grit were almost exclusively mined in the areas to the East of the Churnet Valley as all the other seams has long since eroded away.

</doc>
<doc id="19219017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219017" title="Kre M'Baye">
Kre M'Baye

Kre M’Baye, also known as Amadou (or Armedy) Kre M’Baye, is a Senegalese artist and art instructor. He was born Andy Keve in Dakar, Senegal on April 25, 1949. He was nicknamed “Kere” or “Kre” even as a primary school child because he used to draw constantly on the classroom blackboard with chalk (« craie » in french). Since 1969 he has been an associate of celebrated African artists such as Ibou Diouf, Mamadou Niang, Seidou Barry, Mor Faye (father of Ousmane Faye) and Art College professor Pierre Lods. 
In 1974 he played the head of a gang in the well-received movie "Baks (Yamba)" produced by Momar Thiam, but abandoned his acting career in favor of his career as an artist. His first exhibition in 1976 at the Dynamique Museum of Dakar was highly acclaimed, his painting “The Messenger” receiving particular praise by President Léopold Sédar Senghor. 
Some of his best-known works are his portraits of women inspired by the face of his mother Fari Fate (Mame Fari), “a woman griot of great renown; a fascinating storyteller of Senegalese history”. Very stylish, full of exuberance and cheerfulness, Fari Fate with her jewelries, her meticulous dresses, her elaborate hairstyles, inspired to the artist a painting style full of fineness. M'Baye has another style that tends to abstract paintings dominated by blue and orange colors.
M'Baye is a disciple of Pierre Lods and was self-trained in the workshop of Peter Plastics Research Lods. In 1994 Gaston Madeira formed "Netty Guy" (The Three Baobabs), bringing together Kré M'Baye, Moussa N'Diaye Baydie M'Baye and Zulu, three painters representative of the School of Arts in Dakar, who in 1998 opened a gallery on the Senegalese island of N'gor and founded Workshops N'gor. He was a participant in Tenq, the first workshop on the Triangle model (led by El Hadji Sy and sponsored by CBAO, Maersk, SAEC and the British Council, Dakar) held in West Africa, which took place at the Lycée Cheikh Oumar Fontiyou in Saint-Louis, Senegal; the first event of Africa95, a year-long festival celebrating African arts in the UK and Africa, featuring 25 artists from 10 African countries and Great Britain. 
His brother Seni M’Baye is also a noted Senegalese artist.

</doc>
<doc id="19219042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219042" title="Live 2002 (Lara Fabian album)">
Live 2002 (Lara Fabian album)

Live is the title of both a CD and DVD released by Belgian pop singer Lara Fabian in 2002. This is Fabian's first live DVD, second live album and seventh album in total. Both the CD and DVD were recorded during a concert on December 14, 2001 at Forest National in Brussels and concerts on December 17, 18 & 19 2001 at Le Zénith in Paris. 
The concert features many of Fabian's hits and songs from her recent studio album, Nue. During the concert, there is a special emphasis on "Je t'aime" which is unexpectedly sung in a large part by the audience, leaving a tearful Fabian caught by surprise. The duet of "Tu es mon autre" was performed specially for the recording by the two composers of the song, Fabian and her longtime collaborator, Rick Allison. Both say to one another before the performance ""[...] a song that I wrote for you, and that you wrote for me [...]"". Live also included two versions of the single "Immortelle"; one a three minute version performed by Fabian at the piano as an intro to the concert, and a second version similar to the original studio recording as the concert finale. During the second "Immortelle", Fabian and the band can be seen leaving the stage towards a butterfly on the back screen. This is a symbol that Fabian insisted on having on stage during this tour as it was the main image used in the cover art of "Nue" and because it portrayed the strong significance of the ideas of womanhood presented on "Nue".
The Live CD contains two studio recordings; a new song composed by Fabian, "Tu me manques", and a studio version of Charles Aznavour's classic "Comme ils disent". The DVD contains some live tracks which, due to time constraints, were left off the CD.

</doc>
<doc id="19219045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219045" title="Blauer Samt">
Blauer Samt

Blauer Samt (German for "Blue velvet") is the debut album by German hip hop artist Torch. It released on September 2000 by the labels V2 Records and 360° Records.
On September 30, 2011, re-released the album as CD and vinyl, available on Amazon.
Samples.
Informations taken from whosampled
"Kapitel 29"
"Gewalt oder Sex"
"Wir waren mal Stars"
"Als ich zur Schule ging" 
"Hey Mädel"
"Ich hab geschrieben" 
"Blauer Samt" 
"Heute Nacht"
"Morgen"
Personnel.
Credits for "Blauer Samt" adapted from Discogs

</doc>
<doc id="19219050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219050" title="David Smétanine">
David Smétanine

David Smétanine (born October 21, 1974) is a French swimmer. 
He represented France at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, winning gold in the 100 metre freestyle event and gold in the 50m freestyle, as well as two silver, in the 50m backstroke and 200m freestyle.
As of 2008, he was the European record holder in the 50m, 100m and 200m freestyle events, as well as the 50m backstroke.
Smétanine has tetraplegia.

</doc>
<doc id="19219081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219081" title="1994 Ireland rugby union tour of Australia">
1994 Ireland rugby union tour of Australia

1994 Ireland rugby union tour of Australia. The Ireland national rugby union team embarked on their second tour of Australia, having previously visited in 1979. Both Jonathan Bell and Keith Wood made their senior international debuts in the first Test.

</doc>
<doc id="19219111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219111" title="Naazmi Johnston">
Naazmi Johnston

Naazmi Johnston (born 28 November 1988 in Sydney) is an Australian rhythmic gymnast that represented Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics as well as the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Career.
Johnston was born on 28 November 1988 to an Australian father and Maldivian mother. She has one brother and three sisters. Johnston being the second youngest in the family.
Johnston was a participate on the show Australia's Got Talent with a group called Meriden Rhythmix, they performed routines of rhythmic gymnastics and made it to the semi-finals before being eliminated.
Johnston has been ranked as Australia's best gymnast on several occasions. She was coached by Danielle LeRay.
School life.
Naazmi studied in Meriden School, Strathfield.

</doc>
<doc id="19219120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219120" title="Mary Boone">
Mary Boone

Mary Boone (born October 29, 1951) is the owner and director of the Mary Boone Gallery and was instrumental in the New York art market of the 1980s. Her first two artists, Julian Schnabel and David Salle, became internationally known and, by 1982 she had earned a cover story on "New York" magazine tagged "The New Queen of the Art Scene." The Mary Boone Gallery has represented notable artists including Jean-Michel Basquiat, Barbara Kruger, Eric Fischl, Ross Bleckner, and Brice Marden. Originally based in SoHo, Boone currently has two galleries, one in midtown on Fifth Avenue, the other in Chelsea.
Early career (1973-1989).
Born in Erie, Pennsylvania to Egyptian immigrant parents, Boone studied Art History at Rhode Island School of Design and received her BFA in 1973. Deciding she did not have the skill to make it as a painter, Boone moved to New York City to study art history at Hunter College. After working as a secretary at the influential Bykert Gallery, she opened her own gallery in SoHo in 1977 to a positive reception. Her first two artists, Julian Schnabel and David Salle rapidly became popular in the Neo-expressionism movement. While Schnabel became a celebrity artist, Boone was recognized as a new breed of dealer; young and aggressive. Boone was able to expand her gallery across the street in 1981 and, in 1982, secured emerging artist Eric Fischl. Established artist Barbara Kruger was the first female artist to join Boone in 1987, surprising the art world that a leading feminist "deconstructivist" appropriation artist would join the gallery best known for aggressive neo-expressionist painting. 
Mary Boone was one of the most successful gallerists of her generation She was the first dealer to require waiting lists for collectors to buy works that had not yet been produced, though some collectors were granted "first refusal". When the art market crashed in 1990, she was condemned for her role in the over-heated market of the previous decade. Boone was accused of over-hyping her artists or pushing them to release inferior works to fulfill market demand. In a later interview with W magazine, Boone explained without any prompting, "I think I lost my way. It was the Eighties. I got too involved with fame and fortune." 
Later career (1990-today).
After the 1990 art market collapse, Mary Boone avoided bankruptcy by selling some of her personal collection. Several of her big artists left for other galleries, including Salle, Marden and Georg Baselitz; though Kruger, Fischl and Ross Bleckner remained. An Eric Fischl painting she had sold at the height of the market for $1.4 million was resold in the early 1990s for only $167,500. In 1996, the Mary Boone Gallery left SoHo and opened a midtown gallery on Fifth Avenue. She opened a second gallery in the Chelsea art district in 2000. Mary Boone currently represents several of her established artists as well as a younger group of successful artists. Many of these newer artists are drawn to her earlier reputation, noting that much of the work she had previously represented is once again commanding high prices.
Commenting on the 'new' Mary Boone, Eric Fischl told a reporter in 2008: 
Boone was played by Parker Posey in Julian Schnabel's "Basquiat".
Artists.
Significant artists currently or previously represented by the Mary Boone Gallery include:

</doc>
<doc id="19219124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219124" title="Michel Bouquet">
Michel Bouquet

Michel Bouquet (born 6 November 1925) is a French film actor. He has appeared in more than 90 films since 1947. He was born in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19219158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219158" title="Richard Declerck">
Richard Declerck

Richard August François Declerck (Bruges, 31 December 1899 – Antwerp, 12 March 1986) was a Belgian lawyer and politician. He was governor of the province of Antwerp from 7 January 1946 until 31 December 1966.
Political career.
Richard Declerck was a member of the communal council of Bruges from 1933 until 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="19219166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219166" title="National brand">
National brand

The brand name of a product that is distributed nationally under a brand name owned by the producer or distributor, as opposed to
local brands (products distributed only in some areas of the country), and
private label brands (products that carry the brand of the retailer rather than the producer.) 
National brands must compete with local and private brands. National brands are produced by, widely distributed by, and carry the name of the manufacturer.
On the other hand, marketing and advertising may give consumers the impression that the national brand is superior to a local- or private-branded product.

</doc>
<doc id="19219169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219169" title="HMS Fantome (1901)">
HMS Fantome (1901)

HMS "Fantome" was an "Cadmus"-class sloop launched in 1901, transferred to the Royal Australian Navy in 1914, returned to the Royal Navy in 1920, and sold in 1924. She was the fourth ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name, which is from the French "fantôme", meaning "ghost". 
Design.
"Fantome" was constructed of steel to a design by William White, the Royal Navy Director of Naval Construction. Propulsion was provided by a three-cylinder vertical triple expansion steam engine developing 1,400 horsepower and driving twin screws. The "Cadmus" class was an evolution of the "Condor"-class sloop, carrying more coal, which in turn gave a greater length and displacement. This class comprised the very last screw sloops built for the Royal Navy. 
Armament.
The class was armed with six 4in/25pdr (1 ton) quick-firing Mk III breech loaders and four 3-pounder quick-firing breech loaders, as well as several machine guns. "Fantome" had her armament reduced to two QF 3-pounders for survey work, and later increased again for patrol work during World War I.
Construction.
"HMS Fantome" was laid down at Sheerness Royal Dockyard in Kent 8 January 1900, and launched on 23 March 1901 when she was christened by Miss Kennedy, daughter of Vice-Admiral Sir William Kennedy, Commander-in-Chief, The Nore. She was fitted with 2 Niclausse boilers manufactured by Messrs Humphrys and Tennant.
Operational history.
Venezuelan Affair.
"Fantome" served on the North America and West Indies Station, including a period in late 1902 and early 1903 when, under Commodore Montgomerie in , she enforced a blockade of the Venezuelan coast. 
Survey ship.
From 1906, "Fantome" was operated by the Royal Naval survey service and conducted survey operations in Australian waters until the outbreak of war in 1914. 
Transfer to the Royal Australian Navy.
The ship was transferred to the Royal Australian Navy on 27 November 1914 and commissioned as HMAS "Fantome", but was paid off in February 1915. She was recommissioned on 27 July 1915 as a patrol vessel armed with two 4-inch and four 12-pounder guns.
From September 1915 to September 1917, she operated in the Bay of Bengal and South China Sea as part of the Far East Patrol. The duty was broadly uneventful and monotonous, and only concluded after the United States of America entered the war. Conditions aboard were hot and cramped, vermin were rife, supplies were of low quality, and in 1916, the sloop was plagued with influenza; at one point only 19 of the 88 enlisted personnel were fit for duty. In addition, the ship's commanding officer was both a strict disciplinarian and had little understanding of disciplinary regulations, and had been advised on several occasions that he had overstepped boundaries. In mid 1917, the commanding officer initiated drilling practice, which was seen as an additional hardship by the sailors, particularly the overworked engine room personnel. On 26 July, eight of the fifteen off-duty stokers disobeyed orders to assemble for practice, while the engine room personnel about to go on duty refused to do so until drilling practice ceased. The eight off-duty and four of the on-duty stokers were arrested and charged with mutiny: they were sentenced by court martial to two years imprisonment in Goulburn Gaol, although the sentences were later commuted. The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship's company considering the conditions they were operating in, and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel.
From late 1917, "Fantome" was based at Suva, Fiji and operated in the South Pacific performing police duties. She conducted a punitive raid on Malekula in the New Hebrides in October 1918. 
Return to the Royal Navy.
"Fantome" paid off on 14 January 1919 and was recommissioned into the Royal Navy in April 1920 for service as a survey ship. After being converted for survey duties, the ship was heavily overcrowded (a vessel designed with a ship's company of 113 was required to carry 134 personnel in addition to surveying equipment), and post-war personnel shortages meant that a little over half the number of sailors required for general seaman duties were aboard. In November 1920, after three months surveying work on the Great Barrier Reef, "Fantome" returned to Cairns. The overworked general seamen hit the town hard, with seven court-martialled for drunkenness and related behaviour, while another nine deserted. An inquiry concluded that the age and condition of the sloop was inappropriate for the expected duties, and the ship was marked for replacement at earliest opportunity.
Decommissioning and fate.
"Fantome" operated in Australian waters until she was paid off for disposal on 17 April 1924. Survey duties in Australian waters were taken over by .
The ship was sold for scrap at Sydney on 30 January 1925. Her hull was stripped to a bare hulk and used as a barge, mainly in Tasmania. She was finally sold for demolition in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19219176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219176" title="Kali Jacobus">
Kali Jacobus

Kali Jacobus (born 23 August 1974 in Malekula, Vanuatu) is a Vanuatuan Super middleweight boxer. He is the current holder of the Universal Boxing Organisation (UBO) world boxing title. 
Also known as the Malekula Kid, Kali Jacobus is the UBO World Super Middleweight Champion with a successful title defence on 9 April 2011. This is the champion’s second defense of the UBO World title. His professional record as of 9 April 2011 is 15 wins (with 11 KOs), and 3 losses. 

</doc>
<doc id="19219185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219185" title="2008 Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic – Doubles">
2008 Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic – Doubles

Shengnan Sun and Chunmei Ji were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Su-wei Hsieh and Shuai Peng won in the final 6–7(4), 7–6(3), 10–7, against Marta Domachowska and Nadia Petrova.

</doc>
<doc id="19219187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219187" title="Ross, Michigan">
Ross, Michigan

Ross, Michigan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19219200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219200" title="Pachydiscus">
Pachydiscus

Pachydiscus is an extinct ammonite genus from the Upper Cretaceous with a world-wide distribution, and type for the desmoceratacean family Pachydiscidae. Its type is "P. neubergicus". Altogether some 28 species have been described. 
The shell of "Pachydiscus" is compressed and high-whorled, with an oval or flat sided section. Ribs tend to be differentiated into short umbilical and separate ventro-lateral sets, with a smooth area between. 
"Pachydiscus" includes two subgenera, "P.(Pachysiscus)" from the Campanian in which the ribs persist, and "P (Neodesmoceras)" from the Maastrichtian in which ribs disappear early, leaving an almost smooth shell. 
Biostratigraphic significance.
The International Commission on Stratigraphy (ICS) has assigned the First Appearance Datum of "Pachydiscus neubergicusas" as the defining biological marker for the start of the Maastrichtian Stage of the Cretaceous, 72.1 ± 0.2 million years ago.
Sources.
"See also"

</doc>
<doc id="19219238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219238" title="Loyal toast">
Loyal toast

A loyal toast is a salute given to the head of state of the country in which a formal gathering is being given, or by expatriates of that country, whether or not the particular head of state is present. It is usually a matter of protocol at state and military occasions, and a display of patriotic sentiment at civilian events. The toast is usually initiated and recited by the host before being repeated by the assembled guests in unison; the composition varying between regions and types of gathering.
Commonwealth realms.
Throughout the Commonwealth realms, the Loyal Toast is most commonly composed solely of the words "The Queen", though this may be elaborated with mention of the monarch's position as head of a particular state, such as in Canada, where the Department of National Defence codifies the Loyal Toast as "Ladies and gentlemen, The
Queen of Canada." If the sovereign holds an honorary position within a Canadian Forces regiment, in that regiment's mess the toast is: "Ladies and gentlemen, The Queen of Canada, our Captain-General," or whatever rank the monarch may hold. As Queen Elizabeth II is recognized as the symbolic head of the Commonwealth of Nations, at any event where the guest of honour is a dignitary from any of the 16 Commonwealth realms, the Loyal Toast is adapted to be "Ladies and gentlemen, The Queen, Head of the Commonwealth," and should an honoured guest be from one of the other Commonwealth member-states, the Loyal Toast is to be recited as "Ladies and gentlemen, The Queen of Canada, Head of the Commonwealth." More unique cases exist in places such as Lancashire, where the salute may be "Ladies and gentlemen, The Queen, Duke of Lancaster"; on the Channel Islands, where residents will say ""La reine, notre duc"" ("The Queen, our Duke"); on the Isle of Man, where "The Queen, Lord of Mann," is said; and in Cornwall where it is traditional to toast "The Queen and the Duke of Cornwall". Members of the Royal Family neither participate in nor respond to the Loyal Toast, and the honour may be followed by a playing of "God Save The Queen", which is either the national and/or Royal Anthem of most Commonwealth realms. When ambassadors or similarly senior representatives of other heads of state are present, it has become customary for a toast to be proposed after the Loyal Toast to "heads of state of other countries here represented." The toast can be adapted for use at some royal foundations. For example at Christ Church, the first toast is always "The Queen, Visitor of the House."
Official etiquette dictates that the Loyal Toast may be given following either the introduction of honoured guests and opening remarks or the completion of all courses of the meal, that it be the first toast given, and that a glass of any beverage other than a cocktail be used. It is also customary not to smoke until the sovereign has been toasted. In carrying out the toast, the event's host will rise and request the audience's attention. Once accomplished and the guests are standing, the host raises his or her glass and recites the toast without any other words or music. The audience then responds to the toast by repeating "The Queen" or, in Canada, ""La reine"", drinking the toast, and seating themselves once more. In the Royal Navy, however, the toast is given with all attendees seated, a custom practiced since King William IV, who had served as a naval officer and experienced the discomfort of standing suddenly on board a vessel at sea, authorized all in the navy to toast him while sitting down. This practice is also carried out on board the ships of the Royal Canadian Navy, so long as neither The Queen nor any other member of the Canadian Royal Family is present, in which case the toast is given while sitting only if the royal guest so requests it. The lawyers of Lincoln's Inn also traditionally take the toast sitting down, commemorating an occasion when King Charles II dined at the inn and the entire company was too drunk to stand up.
In dispute.
The Loyal Toast was the catalyst for international friction in 1948, when the "Taoiseach" (prime minister) of Ireland, then John A. Costello, made an official visit to Canada. There, at a formal function, Governor General of Canada the Earl Alexander of Tunis steadfastly refused the directions of Irish officials to toast the President of Ireland, then Seán T. O'Kelly, instead of the King of Ireland, George VI; at the time, the King fulfilled the external affairs role that normally belongs to heads of state, while the President of Ireland fulfilled an internal constitutional role. An irked Costello stated to a reporter the following day that he would prompt the Irish parliament to repeal the Executive Authority Act and declare Ireland as a republic, which was done later that year.
In 2000, Captain Aralt Mac Giolla Chainnigh, a professor at the Royal Military College of Canada, petitioned to be personally excused from, amongst other displays of loyalty, having to stand and participate in the Loyal Toast. The Canadian Forces Grievance Board, the Chief of the Defence Staff, and the Federal Court of Canada all upheld the Canadian Forces' requirements that members respect the Canadian head of state and Commander-in-Chief.
Within some sections of Scottish society, individuals will, after standing, wave their drink over a glass or jug of water on the table. This symbolises "the king over the water," which is a reference to the pretender to the thrones of Great Britain and Ireland, Charles Edward Stuart, and is intended as a sign of solidarity with the Jacobite cause and a protest against the Hanoverian succession. It was for this reason that, for many years, finger bowls were not used on royal tables, as some individuals would pass the glass over the bowl, intending it to be a reference to "the king over the water," and in keeping with Jacobite sympathies. King Edward VII authorized the use of finger bowls during his reign, deeming his dynasty to be sufficiently secure.
Spain.
In Spain, at formal occasions in the military, the first toast is for the King Juan Carlos I: The highest-ranked officer toasts "Por el primer soldado de España" ("For Spain's first soldier") and the concurrence answers "Por el Rey" ("For the King")
Sweden.
On formal occasions in Sweden, such as the Nobel Prize banquet, the first toast is usually the toast to the sovereign. It is proclaimed by the host, or if the host is the King himself, by the second-highest-ranking official. It is simply ""Hans Majestät Konungens skål"" ("The toast of His Majesty the King"). All guests then rise, raise their glasses, and, if the King is present, turn towards him and answer ""Konungen"" ("The King").
The first toast in wardrooms and officer's messes during formal dinners is also proposed to the King. After the toast, the Royal Hymn can be sung - even though the King is not present.
United States.
The toast "The President of the United States" is typically offered at US military social functions, such as the United States Marine Corps birthday ball.

</doc>
<doc id="19219247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219247" title="Kenneth Wheare">
Kenneth Wheare

Sir Kenneth Clinton Wheare CMG (26 March 1907 – 7 September 1979) was an Australian academic, who spent most of his career at Oxford University in England. He was an expert on the history of the constitutions of the British Commonwealth.
Kenneth Wheare was educated at Scotch College, Melbourne and was later a student at Oriel College, Oxford, gaining a first class degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics and also undertaking postgraduate study.
Wheare served on the Oxford City Council from 1940 to 1957. In 1944, he was appointed Gladstone Professor of Government at All Souls College. He was appointed CMG in 1953 and was knighted in 1966.
In 1956, he became Rector of Exeter College, Oxford. A gargoyle of his likeness is carved on the Bodleian Library, visible from the Exeter College Fellow's Garden.
Wheare was Chairman of the Rhodes Trust (1962–69), President of the British Academy (1967–71), Chancellor of the University of Liverpool from 1972. He was also a Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford from 1964–66.

</doc>
<doc id="19219265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219265" title="Polk Street">
Polk Street

Polk Street is a street in San Francisco, California, that travels northward from Market Street to Beach Street and is one of the main thoroughfares of the Polk Gulch neighborhood traversing through the Tenderloin, Nob Hill, and Russian Hill neighborhoods. The street takes its name from former U.S. President James K. Polk. The street remains a busy business district with many restaurants, cafes, home decorating and hardware stores.
The street also has bike lanes, which were approved in 2002. San Francisco bike route 25 runs along Polk Street, and is the only North-South route suitable for casual bicycle travel within at least a mile in either direction. There is an ongoing debate on whether to increase the level of these improvements.
Name.
Polk Street is named for James Knox Polk (November 2, 1795 – June 15, 1849) the 11th President of the United States (1845–1849). During the Mexican-American War, and after the Texas annexation, Polk turned his attention to California, hoping to acquire the territory from Mexico before any European nation. The main interest was San Francisco Bay as an access point for trade with Asia.
Polk Gulch.
Polk Gulch is the neighborhood around a section of Polk Street, and its immediate vicinity, that runs through the Nob Hill and Russian Hill neighborhoods from approximately Geary Street to Union Street. The name, somewhat humorous, arises because the street runs over an old stream at the bottom of a gently-sloped valley. The neighborhood is sometimes referred to as Lower Nob Hill or the Tendernob.
Polk Gulch was San Francisco's main gay neighborhood before 1970, when many gays began to move to The Castro (formerly Eureka Valley) and SOMA because many large Victorian houses were available for low rent or could be purchased with low down payments. Several gay, lesbian, and transgender bars and clubs remain in the area.
As the original center of the city's LGBT community, it has remained one of the core centers along with The Castro and the South of Market (SOMA); Polk Street was the location of the first official San Francisco Gay Pride Parade in 1972. In the 1950s through the 1970s Halloween on Polk Street became a major attraction for tourists and locals. In the 1990s and 2000s the neighborhood started to gentrify. It remains prominent for its nightlife although prostitutes and their pimps are still a common sight on the street. Male prostitutes were once common on Polk Street, but now ply their trade mostly over the Internet.
Government and infrastructure.
The San Francisco Police Department Northern Station serves Polk Gulch.

</doc>
<doc id="19219266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219266" title="Caiuby">
Caiuby

Caiuby Francisco da Silva (born 14 July 1988 in São Paulo), commonly known as Caiuby is a Brazilian footballer who plays for FC Ingolstadt 04.
Career.
On 29 August 2008, Caiuby joined Wolfsburg from Brazilian club Guaratinguetá, signing a contract until 2013. On 20 July 2009, the 2. Bundesliga club MSV Duisburg signed the 21-year-old striker on loan from VfL Wolfsburg for one year. He played his first game in a friendly match against Club Brugge. After his loan ended, he returned to VfL Wolfsburg, but failed to establish himself. In January 2011, he was loaned out again, this time to FC Ingolstadt 04.
His former clubs include São Paulo FC, Corinthians and AD São Caetano. His preferred position on the field is forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19219275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219275" title="Massingham, Norfolk">
Massingham, Norfolk

Massingham may refer to any of the following in North Norfolk:

</doc>
<doc id="19219277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219277" title="Nostoceras">
Nostoceras

Nostoceras is an extinct genus of ammonite from the Campanian stage of the Upper Cretaceous, found in the USA, England, central Europe, west Africa, and Madagascar. The etymology of the name "Nostoceras" comes from "nostos" meaning return and "ceros" meaning horn, named as such by Alpheus Hyatt because it bends back on itself. 
Nostoceras is typified by a tightly coiled helical spire on a large U shaped body chamber with the aperture, in mature individuals, nearly touching and lying underneath the spire. The initial helical whorls are covered with fine ribs and may have small spines. The U shaped body chamber has coarser ribbing and large tubercles. Periodic constrictions may be present on the phragmocone. Species may coil either to the left or to the right. "Nostoceras" is like "Bostrychoceras" in general form, except that its ribs may be flaired and the constrictions may or may not be present. 
"Nostoceras" is the type genus for the ammonite family Nostoceratidae which is included in the Turrilitoidea. The Turrilitoidea, with "Nostoceras" and the Nostoceratidae, are commonly included in the suborder Ancyloceratina but may instead belong in the Turrilitina, a proposed order of heteromorphs thought to have a separate derivation, though this separation does not have wide support. 

</doc>
<doc id="19219290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219290" title="Max Jacob (puppeteer)">
Max Jacob (puppeteer)

Max Jacob (* 10. August 1888 in Bad Ems; † 8. December 1967 in Hamburg) was a German puppeteer and the developer of the Hohnsteiner Kasper Theatre in the 1920s. 
Kasper Theatre, or Kasperle, is the German equivalent of Punch and Judy, a traditional form of puppetry which has its origins in the Italian commedia dell'arte.
History.
From an early age Max Jacob had been involved with the Wandervogel movement and was very interested in folk arts and folk traditions. When, in 1921, he saw a puppet show for the first time, he purchased his own puppets and gave a performance to an audience mostly made up of other friends of the Wandervogel movement.
After this, he set up the Hartensteiner Puppenspiele, which was renamed Hohensteiner Puppenspiele when Jacob and many of his troupe moved to Hohnsteiner Castle in 1928, where they lived and worked together. Many audience members were also guests at the castle, which functioned not only as the troupe's home, but as a youth hostel. The troupe, as well as craftsmen and -women involved in the construction of the puppets and the staging, began to transform the style of the Kasper theatre, changing it from a fairground show, with an emphasis on slapstick humour and irreverent anti-authoritarianism, into a theatrical art with a pedagogical purpose. Jacob explained of Kasper that "Er tut das Moralische rein vorbildlich, er moralisiert aber nicht. Und dieses Vorbild nehmen die Kinder in sich auf" (He does what is moral simply by example, but he does not moralise. And the children internalise this example).
In 1933, the troupe had to leave the Hohnsteiner Castle because the Nazis had taken it over and turned it into a concentration camp. The troupe moved to a multi-family house, where they again lived and performed. The house became known as the Kasperhaus, and the troupe reconstructed it at the Exposition Internationale des Arts et Techniques dans la Vie Moderne (1937) (more notorious for the other showpiece from Nazi Germany by Albert Speer). They were awarded a Gold Medal. After this, the troupe began to make international tours, and to produce Kasper in different media (film, particularly short film, television, even radio).
During the 1940s, the Hohnsteiner Puppenspiele entertained the troops, and functioned as "the" showpiece puppet theatre during the Nazi era.
Many of Jacob's original troupe were killed in the war, or had left the troupe, so after the war Jacob and the remaining members – as well as some new additions such as the composer Irmgard Wassmann - began afresh with the Hohnsteiner Theatre in Hamburg. During this post-war period, the troupe gave performances in prisoner of war camps, detention centres, and convalescent homes for former concentration camp inmates, and orphanages.
Jacob retired from the puppet theatre in 1953 but remained close to the theatre until his death in 1967. In this time he attended conferences and seminars and in 1957 was selected as president of the international puppeteers association, UNIMA. He held this position until his death.
Puppeteers such as Friedrich Arndt, Harald Schwarz and Erich Kürschner continued the legacy of Jacob and the Hohnsteiner Puppenspiele.
Style.
Max Jacob's Hohnsteiner Kasper differed from the earlier fairground Kasper in its moral intention to instil "values" into its younger audience members, and in its self-definition as a theatre form rather than a fairground entertainment. In contrast to the fairground Kasper, which had borrowed from the British Punch and Judy stories that showed Punch throwing his crying baby out the window, beating his wife, as well as an array of authority figures, Jacob's Kasper was more childlike in character, as well as being wiser and on friendly terms with the policeman (Wachtmeister). Along with the slapstick element, Jacob's troupe removed bawdiness and smutty language.
The Hohensteiner Kasper Theatre relied less on props and scenery than the earlier Kasper Theatre and instead used an assortment of curtains behind the figures. They also played in a room rather than on the traditional "Spielleiste". They also introduced music to Kasper theatre, provided above all by one of the Hohnsteiner troupe's later additions, the composer Irmgard Wesemann, who joined them in 1945. The music gave a prominent place to the accordion, which would be played from behind the stage while Kasper himself mimed a mini-performance.

</doc>
<doc id="19219293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219293" title="September 2008 Peshawar bombing">
September 2008 Peshawar bombing

The September 2008 Peshawar bombing was a bombing that occurred on 6 September 2008, in the outskirts of Peshawar, North West Frontier Province, Pakistan. A suicide bomber blew up at a police checkpoint, killing 35 and injuring 70. The explosives-packed pick-up truck blasted a crater crater and caused some buildings in a nearby market to collapse, leading to frantic rescue efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="19219297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219297" title="Stationary fuel cell applications">
Stationary fuel cell applications

Stationary fuel cell applications (or stationary fuel cell power systems) are applications for fuel cells that are either connected to the electric grid (distributed generation) to provide supplemental power and as emergency power system for critical areas, or installed as a grid-independent generator for on-site service. 
Applications.
In 2012 more than 45,700 fuel cell systems where shipped all over the world — in residential homes, hospitals, nursing homes, hotels, office buildings, schools, utility power plants. 
Micro combined heat and power.
Micro combined heat and power , 'mCHP' or 'Micro cogeneration" is a so-called distributed energy resource (DER). The installation is usually less than 5 kWe in a house or small business. Instead of burning fuel to merely heat space or water, some of the energy is converted to electricity in addition to heat. This electricity can be used within the home or business or, if permitted by the grid management, sold back into the electric power grid. 
Delta-ee consultants stated in 2013 that with 64% of global sales the fuel cell micro-combined heat and power passed the conventional systems in sales in 2012. 20.000 units where sold in Japan in 2012 overall within the Ene Farm project. With a Lifetime of around 60,000 hours. For PEM fuel cell units, which shut down at night, this equates to an estimated lifetime of between ten and fifteen years. For a price of $22,600 before installation. For 2013 a state subsidy for 50,000 units is in place.
Emergency power systems.
Emergency power systems are a type fuel cell system, which may include lighting, generators and other apparatus, to provide backup resources in a crisis or when regular systems fail. They find uses in a wide variety of settings from residential homes to hospitals, scientific laboratories, data centers, telecommunication equipment and modern naval ships.
Uninterrupted power supply.
An uninterrupted power supply (UPS) provides emergency power and, depending on the topology, provide line regulation as well to connected equipment by supplying power from a separate source when utility power is not available. It differs from an auxiliary power supply or standby generator, which does not provide instant protection from a momentary power interruption.
Codes and standards.
"Stationary fuel cell applications" is a classification in FC hydrogen codes and standards and fuel cell codes and standards. The other main standards are Portable fuel cell applications and Fuel cell vehicle.

</doc>
<doc id="19219313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219313" title="Meadowbrook Preparatory School">
Meadowbrook Preparatory School

Meadowbrook Preparatory School in Kingston, Jamaica has over 500 pupils enrolled from the kindergarten to the grade six. It is annexed to Meadowbrook United Church.
History.
The school was founded in September 1960 by Madge Saunders, who was also the founder of its sister school Mona Preparatory School. Since then it has grown significantly both in numbers and achievements. The institution is a member of the Meadowbrook group of schools which includes Meadowbrook High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19219332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219332" title="P. T. Srinivasa Iyengar">
P. T. Srinivasa Iyengar

P. T. Srinivasa Iyengar (1863–1931)} was an Indian historian, linguist and educationist regarded as one of the greatest Dravidologists of the 20th century.
Academic career.
Srinivasa Iyengar served as the Principal of A. V. N. College, Visakhapatnam during the first two decades of the twentieth century. He campaigned to bring changes in the curriculum and introduce spoken dialects. In 1909, he created a Telugu teaching Reform society in order to cultivate vernacular Telugu. In 1911, Iyengar published a textbook of arithmetic called Longman's "Arithmethikkulu" in modern Telugu. In April 1913, when Madras University appointed a committee to examine and advise them on the style to be adopted for the Telugu composition of the Intermediate Course which replaced the earlier F.A., Iyengar was appointed one of the ten members.
He was serving as Principal and Professor of English at Rajahmundry Training College, when he was appointed Reader of Indian History and archaeology with fellow Indologists Dr. S. Krishnaswami Aiyangar and V. R. Ramachandra Dikshitar as the sole Professor and Lecturer respectively. He probably served as Reader till his death in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="19219334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219334" title="Martin Ruland the Younger">
Martin Ruland the Younger

Martin Ruland the Younger (11 November 1569 – 23 April 1611), also known as Martinus Rulandus or Martin Rulandt, was a German physician and alchemist.
He was born in the Bavarian town of Lauingen, the son of the physician and alchemist Martin Ruland the Elder.
Ruland the Younger practized at Regensburg during the 1590s and later at Prague. In Prague, he belonged to Emperor Rudolf II's retinue at the Habsburg court which during Rudolf's reign promoted the study of alchemy and astrology. Rudolf II conferred nobility upon Ruland the Younger in 1608.
Ruland's 1612 "Lexicon alchemiae" (Dictionary of Alchemy) is cited by the Swiss psychologist Carl Jung in his writings on alchemy. Waite translated the book into the English language.
Ruland the Younger was also the editor of his father's works.

</doc>
<doc id="19219339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219339" title="World altitude record (mountaineering)">
World altitude record (mountaineering)

In the history of mountaineering, the world altitude record referred to the highest point on the Earth's surface which had been reached, regardless of whether that point was an actual summit. The world summit record referred to the highest mountain to have been successfully climbed. The terms are most commonly used in relation to the history of mountaineering in the Himalaya and Karakoram ranges, though modern evidence suggests that it was not until the 20th century that mountaineers in the Himalaya exceeded the heights which had been reached in the Andes. The altitude and summit records rose steadily during the early 20th century until 1953, when the ascent of Mount Everest made the concept obsolete.
19th century and before.
European exploration of the Himalaya began in earnest during the mid-19th century, and the earliest people known to have climbed in the range were surveyors of the Great Trigonometric Survey (GTS). During the 1850s and 1860s they climbed dozens of peaks of over 6,100 m (20,000 ft) and several of over 6,400 m (21,000 ft) in order to make observations, and it was during this period that claims to have ascended the highest point yet reached by man began to be made.
Most of these early claims have now been rendered invalid by the discovery of the bodies of three children at the 6,739 m (22,110 ft) summit of Llullaillaco in South America: Inca sacrifices dated to around AD 1500. There is no direct evidence that the Incas reached higher points, but the discovery of the skeleton of a guanaco on the summit ridge of Aconcagua (6,962 m, 22,841 ft) suggests that they also climbed on that mountain, and the possibility of Pre-Columbian ascents of South America's highest peak cannot be ruled out.
In the Himalaya, meanwhile, yaks have been reported at heights of up to 6,100 m (20,000 ft) and the summer snow line can be as high as 6,500 m (21,300 ft). It is likely that local inhabitants went to such heights in search of game, and possibly higher while exploring trade routes, but they did not live there, and there is no evidence that they attempted to climb the summits of the Himalaya before the arrival of Europeans.
Early claims of world altitude records are also muddied by incomplete surveying and lack of knowledge of local geography, which have led to reassessments of many of the heights which were originally claimed. In 1862 a "khalasi" (an Indian assistant of the GTS) climbed Shilla, a summit in Himachal Pradesh which was claimed to be over 7,000 m (23,000 ft) high. More recent surveys have, however, fixed its height at 6,111 m (20,049 ft). Three years later William Johnson of the GTS claimed to have climbed a 7,284 m (23,898 ft) peak during an illicit journey into China, but the mountain he climbed has since been measured at 6,710 m (22,014 ft).
Above 7,000 m.
The first pure mountaineers (as opposed to surveyors) to have climbed in the Himalaya were the English barrister William Graham, the Swiss hotelier Emil Boss and the Swiss mountain guide Ulrich Kauffmann, who together climbed extensively in the area in 1883. The previous year Graham had made the first ascent of the Dent du Géant, and Boss and Kauffmann had equally notably very nearly made the first ascent of Aoraki / Mount Cook in New Zealand. Among others, they claimed a near ascent of Dunagiri (reaching about 6,900 m), an ascent of Changabang (6,864 m, 22,520 ft) in July, and an ascent of the east summit of Kabru in October, but most of the ascents are disputed. It is not claimed that they lied about their ascents, rather that the poor quality of maps at the time may have led them to be unsure of which mountain they were actually on, and to make estimates of their height which owed more to wishful thinking than scientific measurements. Their description of Changabang is so at variance with the mountain itself that their claim was doubted almost immediately, and by 1955 was not taken seriously anymore. 
The team's ascent over the east face of Kabru is less readily dismissed. Although their report of views of Mount Everest from the top appears convincing, Graham's description of the ascent was also vague, and this, coupled with the speed of their claimed ascent and his failure to report significant effects of altitude sickness, have led many to assume that here they also climbed a lower peak in the same area. Their claim was, however, supported in the following years by climbers such as Douglas Freshfield, Norman Collie, Edmund Garwood, Carl Rubenson, and Tom Longstaff, and more recently Walt Unsworth has argued that as a man who was more interested in climbing than in making observations, the vagueness of his description is to be expected, and that now Everest has been climbed in a single day without oxygen, his claims sound less outlandish than they once did. In 2009, Willy Blaser and Glyn Hughes wrote a spirited defense of the ascent in the "Alpine Journal", arguing that Graham and Boss's criticism of the maps of the Garhwal Himalaya had led to bad blood. If Graham, Boss and Kaufmann did climb Kabru it was a remarkable achievement for its time, establishing an altitude record which was not broken for twenty-six years, and a summit record which lasted until 1930.
Nine years later, another claim to the world altitude record was made by Martin Conway in the course of his expedition to the Karakoram in 1892. Together with Matthias Zurbriggen and Charles Granville Bruce, Conway made an attempt on Baltoro Kangri and on 25 August reached a subsidiary summit which he named "Pioneer Peak". The barometer showed a height of 22,600 ft (6,900 m) which Conway optimistically rounded up to 23,000 ft (over 7,000 m). However, Pioneer Peak has since been measured at only 6,501 m (21,322 ft).
On 14 January 1897, Matthias Zurbriggen went on to make the first recorded ascent of Aconcagua in the Andes. Aconcagua is 6,962 m (22,841 ft) high and, if the claims of Boss and Graham are discounted, was still the highest point to have been reached at that time.
It was several more years before the 7,000 m barrier would be broken with reasonable certainty. In July 1905 Tom George Longstaff, accompanied by the alpine guides Alexis and Henri Brocherel from Courmayeur and six local porters, made an attempt on Gurla Mandhata. The height they reached is estimated at between 7,000 m (23,000 ft) and 7,300 m (24,000 ft), greater than the height of Aconcagua. 
In 1907 Longstaff and the Brocherel brothers returned to the Himalayas and led an expedition with the aim of climbing Nanda Devi, but unable to penetrate its "sanctuary" of surrounding peaks turned their attention to Trisul, which they climbed on June 12. At 7,120 m (23,360 ft) Trisul became the highest summit to have been climbed whose height was accurately known and whose ascent was undisputed. 
This altitude record, though not the summit record, was broken a few months later, on 20 October 1907, when the Norwegians Carl W. Rubenson and Monrad Aas came within 50 m of ascending the 7338 m east summit of Kabru. It is noteworthy that Carl Rubenson afterwards believed that Graham, Boss and Kaufmann had ascended that summit 24 years before.
An undisputed new altitude record was achieved in 1909 by the Duke of the Abruzzi's expedition to the Karakoram. After failing to make progress on K2 the Duke made an attempt on Chogolisa, where he reached a height of approximately 7,500 m (24,600 ft) before turning around just 150 m below the summit due to bad weather and the risk of falling through a cornice in poor visibility.
British Everest expeditions.
The world altitude record was not broken again until the British expeditions to Mount Everest, and would then become the exclusive preserve of climbers on the world's highest mountain. On the the record was broken twice. On 20 May, George Mallory, Howard Somervell and Edward Norton reached on the mountain's North Ridge, without using supplemental oxygen. Three days later George Finch and Geoffrey Bruce, using supplemental oxygen, followed the same route and went even higher—turning around at about when Bruce's oxygen apparatus failed.
In 1924 the British made another attempt on Everest, and the world altitude record was again broken. On 4 June, Edward Norton, without supplemental oxygen, reached a point on the mountain's Great Couloir high, his companion Howard Somervell having turned around a short distance before. This was an altitude record which would not be broken, with certainty, until the 1950s, or without supplemental oxygen until 1978. Three days later George Mallory and Andrew Irvine disappeared while making their own attempt on the summit. There has been much debate over whether they reached a greater height than Norton, or even the summit, but as there is no direct proof they are not generally credited with a record.
The British made several further expeditions to Mount Everest in the 1930s. Twice in 1933 climbing parties reached approximately the same point as Norton; first Lawrence Wager and Percy Wyn-Harris, and later Frank Smythe, but there was no advance on Norton's record.
Inter-war years.
While there would be no advance on the altitude record until the 1950s, the summit record was broken three times in the inter-war years. The first was a by-product of the international expedition to Kanchenjunga led by Gunther Dyhrenfurth in 1930. The attempt on Kanchenjunga itself was abandoned after the death of a Sherpa, but members of the team stayed to climb a number of smaller peaks in the area and Jongsong, at 7,462 m (24,343 ft) was climbed by Bericht Hörlin and Erwin Schneider on 3 June.
In 1931 the summit record was broken again with the ascent of Kamet. Frank Smythe, Eric Shipton, R.L. Holdsworth and Lewa Sherpa reached the summit on 21 June. At 7,756 m (25,446 ft), Kamet was the first mountain over 7,500 m to be climbed.
The summit record was raised once more before the Second World War brought an effective halt to mountaineering in the Himalaya. Nanda Devi, at 7,816 m (25,643 ft) the highest mountain wholly within the British Empire, had been the object of several expeditions, and it was finally climbed on 29 August 1936 by Bill Tilman and Noel Odell.
1950s and ascent of Everest.
After the Second World War, the formerly closed and secretive kingdom of Nepal, wary of the intentions of the People's Republic of China and seeking friends in the West, began to open its borders. For the first time its peaks, including the south side of Everest, became accessible to Western mountaineers, triggering a new wave of exploration. There was one further improvement on the summit record before Everest was conquered. On 3 June 1950 Annapurna (8,091 m, 26,545 ft) became the first 8,000 m mountain to be climbed when the French climbers Maurice Herzog and Louis Lachenal reached its summit. The ascent was not without its price. Both Herzog and Lachenal lost their toes to frostbite; Herzog also lost most of his fingers.
The first attempt to climb Everest from the south was made by a Swiss team in 1952. The expedition's high point was reached by Raymond Lambert and the team's Nepali sardar Tenzing Norgay on 26 May, when they reached a point approximately 200 m (650 ft) below the South Summit before turning around in the knowledge that they would not reach the summit in daylight. Their estimated height of 8,600 m (28,210 ft) was slightly higher than the previous altitude record set by the British on the north side of the mountain. The Swiss made further attempts later in May, and again in autumn after the monsoon, but did not regain Lambert and Tenzing's high point.
Mount Everest was climbed the following year. On 26 May, three days before the successful attempt, Tom Bourdillon and Charles Evans reached the South Summit before turning back due to malfunctioning oxygen apparatus. Their height of 8,760 m (28,750 ft) represented a new, short lived, altitude record, and can be seen as a summit record if this is taken to include minor tops as well as genuine mountains. Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay finally reached the 8,848 m (29,029 ft) true summit on 29 May 1953, marking the final chapter in the history of the mountaineering altitude record. While the exact height of Everest's summit is subject to minor variation due to the level of snow cover and the gradual upthrust of the Himalaya, significant changes to the world altitude record are now impossible.
Women's altitude record.
Female mountaineers were rare in the early 20th century, and the maximum height attained by a woman lagged behind that claimed by male climbers. The first woman to climb extensively in the Karakoram was Fanny Bullock Workman, who made a number of ascents, including that of Pinnacle Peak, a 6,930 m (22,736 ft) subsidiary summit of Nun Kun, in 1906. Her claim on the women's altitude record was challenged by Annie Smith Peck in 1908 after she made an ascent of the north peak of Huascarán, which she claimed was higher than Pinnacle Peak. The ensuing controversy was bitter and public, and eventually resolved in Bullock Workman's favour when she hired a team of surveyors to measure the height of Huascarán. The north peak was found to be 6,648 m (21,812 ft) tall - some 600 m lower than Smith Peck's estimate.
In 1934 Hettie Dhyrenfurth became the first woman to exceed 7000 m when she climbed Sia Kangri (7,442 m, 24,370 ft). Her summit record would stand for 40 years, though her altitude record was broken by the French climber Claude Kogan, who reached approximately 7,600 m (25,000 ft) on Cho Oyu in 1954. The following year saw the first all-female team to visit the Himalaya, making the first ascent of Gyalgen Peak (6,700 m, 22,000 ft).
The first female ascent of an 8000 m peak came in 1974, when three Japanese women, Masako Uchida, Mieko Mori and Naoko Makaseko climbed Manaslu, at 8,156 m (26,758 ft). A year later Junko Tabei of Japan made the first female ascent of Mount Everest on 16 May 1975.
The highest mountain to have had a female first ascent is Gasherbrum III (7,952 m, 26,089 ft), which was first climbed by Alison Chadwick-Onyszkiewicz and Wanda Rutkiewicz (along with two male climbers) in August 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19219342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219342" title="Shayne Currie">
Shayne Currie

The New Zealand journalist Shayne Currie (born 1 April 1971) is editor of the New Zealand Herald newspaper, an Auckland-based newspaper with the highest circulation of any newspaper in the country.
Previous career.
Currie began his journalistic career as a teenager at The Evening Post in Wellington, where he won the national award for crime reporting. He subsequently worked on newspapers including The Christchurch Press and The Sunday Star-Times, which were all part of the same media group, Independent Newspaper Limited (INL), ultimately owned by Australian newspaper magnate Rupert Murdoch. Currie was at The Sunday Star-Times when Murdoch sold his New Zealand newspaper holdings to John Fairfax Holdings, another Australian newspaper publishing company.
Currie rose to deputy editor at the Star-Times, then New Zealand's highest-circulating paper. After Suzanne Chetwin resigned as Star-Times editor in 2003, Currie led the newspaper in an acting capacity until the appointment of Cate Brett as editor. He has won numerous journalism awards.
In July 2004 he resigned from the Star-Times to work on a special project for APN News & Media, a rival media group that owned the New Zealand Herald and a range of provincial newspapers, magazines and radio stations. That special project was subsequently revealed as the Herald on Sunday, another Sunday newspaper. Currie was appointed deputy editor to Suzanne Chetwin.
Editorship.
Currie took up the editorship of the Herald on Sunday on 1 February 2005, again succeeding Chetwin.
On 8 August 2005 he addressed the 2005 PANPA annual conference in Cairns, Australia, on how launching a newspaper can change an entire market. He spoke shortly after Kevin Rudd, subsequently elected prime minister of Australia.
Under his leadership, the Herald on Sunday has been the only major newspaper in New Zealand to consistently increase its circulation, selling 93,665 papers each week in the audit period ended June 2008.
When the figures were published, Currie said: "In the three years since the launch of the Herald on Sunday, the newspaper has found its voice, attracting new Sunday newspaper buyers to what is the most competitive newspaper market in the country. We owe a huge debt to those who stuck with us in our early days, and to those readers who have picked us up for the first time, or more frequently, over the past 12 months. We've listened to what readers liked - and didn't like - and evolved accordingly."
On 9 May 2008 Currie accepted the Qantas Award for Newspaper of the Year for the Herald on Sunday. The judges said the award was an extraordinary achievement for a paper that had been launched only four years' earlier.
In August 2008 the Nielsen Media Research National Readership Survey showed the Herald on Sunday had increased its readership by 64,000 to 390,000 - a 19.6 per cent jump in the 12 months to June 30, 2008.
Currie has gained a strong reputation as an advocate of open and transparent media, and as a critic of the cash bidding wars that can characterise popular newspaper and magazine journalism elsewhere in the New Zealand media and overseas.
Controversy.
During his time as acting editor of The Sunday Star-Times, Currie was forced to defend one of his journalists charged with the theft of a videotape at the heart of drugs case involving a teacher and pupils.
During a September 2003 evening one of Currie's reporters took a group of young people to dinner and drinks at the cost of the newspaper, later in the night two of the male youths went and took the video from the teacher after at least one of them performed oral sex on the teacher, a court heard.
Currie was quoted at the time saying the Sunday Star-Times had acted properly. "The newspaper at all times was acting in good faith in a matter of extreme public interest," he said.
"As a result of the newspaper's work, a teacher has been charged with supplying teenagers a class A drug. "We believe we have done everything right in this matter - we handed the videotape to police before we published anything so that they could carry out their own investigation."
The Herald on Sunday has also earned the nickname of "Carcrash on Sunday" among some journalists and media observers for its frequent use of vehicle accidents and human tragedies as marketing tools on its front page.
Later in October 2005, as editor of the Herald on Sunday, Currie discovered that once of his staff reporters, John Manukia, 38, had fabricated an interview with former south Auckland police officer Anthony Solomona. Currie dismissed Manukia and gave an upfront public apology. Further investigations revealed that Manukia had fabricated other material at the Herald on Sunday and as a reporter at another newspaper, the Fairfax-owned Sunday News.
Currie wrote a candid first-person article in the Herald on Sunday of 23 October 2005, explaining what had happened and expressing his regret to readers. He drew comparisons with the actions of reporters Jayson Blair at The New York Times, and Stephen Glass at The New Republic.
In 2009 Currie was sued by a former assistant editor of the Herald on Sunday for unjustified dismissal. Reporter Stephen Cook, who helped Currie launch the tabloid, was sacked in 2008 after two drug squad detectives visited the Herald on Sunday offices looking for him. Cook had reportedly been seen at an address, which was under police surveillance. On the day the case commenced Currie faced further scrutiny when the New Zealand Herald revealed examples of industrial espionage, including allegations he sent a reporter to the rival Sunday Star-Times' print site to obtain advanced copies in a bid to get stories for his own paper. The allegations were again reported in the Sunday News and Sunday Star-Times branded "unprecedented spying". Currie, and APN, won the employment case after the court found Cook's dismissal was justified because he could not adequately explain why he was at the address under surveillance.

</doc>
<doc id="19219359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219359" title="Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's 50 metre rifle three positions">
Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's 50 metre rifle three positions

The women's 50 metre rifle three positions competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics was held on 20 September. The qualification round, consisting of 20 shots from each position, was fired between 09:00 and 11:30 Australian Eastern Standard Time (UTC+10), and the final round of 10 additional shots standing at 12:15.
Records.
The existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Qualification round.
Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="19219360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219360" title="Top Chef (season 5)">
Top Chef (season 5)

Top Chef: New York is the fifth season of American reality television series "Top Chef" and was filmed first in New York City, New York, and concluded in New Orleans, Louisiana. The season premiered on Bravo on November 12, 2008 and ended on March 4, 2009. The prize money awarded to the Top Chef was $100,000.
Contestants.
17 chefs competed in Season 5. Names, ages, and hometowns below are from the Bravo website. In elimination order, the contestants were: 
Credit Order: Alex, Jill, Daniel, Ariane, Patrick, Melissa, Hosea, Leah, Fabio, Radhika, Stefan, Jamie, Richard, Lauren, Eugene, Carla, Jeff
Episodes.
Each episode includes two challenges. The Quickfire Challenge is a short, simple challenge with a varying reward each week; in the initial episodes of the season, it usually guarantees the winner immunity from being sent home that week. The Elimination Challenge is a more complex challenge that determines who goes home. One or more guest judges join the show each week to evaluate both the Quickfire and Elimination challenges. Each week's elimination is announced in a segment called "Judges' Table."

</doc>
<doc id="19219383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219383" title="The Brainiac">
The Brainiac

The Brainiac (Spanish title: "El barón del terror") is a 1962 Mexican horror film directed by Chano Urueta and written by Federico Curiel, Adolfo López Portillo and Antonio Orellana. The film stars Abel Salazar and Germán Robles.
Plot summary.
In Mexico City in 1661, Baron Vitelius of Estara is condemned by the Inquisition and sentenced to be burned at the stake. As this sentence is carried out, the Baron promises that he will return with the next passage of a comet (visible over the scene of execution), and slay the descendants of his accusers.
The film then fast-forwards to 1961, where the promised comet does indeed return, carrying with it Baron Vitelius, who takes advantage of his considerable abilities as a sorcerer to carry out his threat: he is able to change at will into the hairy monster of the title in order to suck out the brains of his victims with a long forked tongue; furthermore, he has strong hypnotic capabilities and is able to render his enemies motionless or force them to act against their wills.
Production.
The Brainiac's unlikely story logic and creative though unconvincing special effects have made it a favorite of B horror movie aficionados. 
Release.
The film is one of several films dubbed into English and imported to the United States by K. Gordon Murray.
Rifftrax.
In 2012 The Brainiac was re-released by Rifftrax. It included their characteristic humorous narrative dialog as an additional embedded audio track.

</doc>
<doc id="19219388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219388" title="1996 Arizona Championships – Singles">
1996 Arizona Championships – Singles

Jim Courier was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Wayne Ferreira won in the final 2–6, 6–3, 6–3 against Marcelo Ríos.

</doc>
<doc id="19219396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219396" title="The Good Schools Guide">
The Good Schools Guide

The Good Schools Guide is a guide to British schools (both state and independent).
Overview.
The guide is compiled by a team of editors, which according to the official website ""comprises some 50 editors, writers, researchers and contributors; mostly parents but some former headteachers."" The website states that it is "written by parents for parents", and that the editors "do not take money from the schools in "The Guide", either directly or indirectly." Since the first edition in 1986, the "Guide" has been republished 18 times. The chief editor is Ralph Lucas.
Other publications produced by The Guide include "The Good Schools Guide — Special Education Needs", "The Good Schools Guide International", "11+ English: A Parent's Toolkit", "A Parents' Guide to Primary School" and "Uni in the USA".
A popular offshoot is The Good Schools Guide Advice Service - www.gsgexpertschoolsconsultants.co.uk - a service for finding schools and offering educational or other advice to parents on a consultancy basis. The advisors are The Guide writers and other experts. There are currently 25 advisors with expertise in everything from Special Educational Needs to the International Baccalaureate. The advisors are seen by parents as being 'just like my best friend - frank, sensible and very unstuffy - as well as immensely knowledgeable'. The Advice Service now has the only resource in the UK on Scholarships and Bursaries offered by independent schools.
Style.
The Guide itself has a brisk, conversational and often irreverent style of review: the website states that because writers do not accept payment from the schools being reviewed, the guide is "in a position to be outspoken, to write and to advise impartially, without fear of being biased or having a conflict of loyalties." The "Times Educational Supplement" stated that the "Guide" is "...untroubled by the sensibilities of schools and ... cavalier in the face of squawks from those it has offended".
Reviews.
"The Daily Telegraph" reviewed the guide in the following terms: "Unique among the many guides available, it sets out to give frank answers to the questions every parent asks." Similarly, the "Financial Times" called the "Guide" "One of the best aids for parents...informative and witty." The "FT" has also described the "Guide" as "one of Britain's leading guides to schools".
"Special Education Needs".
"The Good Schools Guide — Special Education Needs" was originally produced by the guide as a resource for parents looking for schools for children with special needs. The format is very similar, with all articles and reviews (including general help articles and other resources) published in paperback as well as available online. The "Special Education Needs" guide was first published in 2004.
"International".
"The Good Schools Guide International" (GSGI) is an online resource also edited by the guide with details of international schools in over 35 countries. The "GSGI" is aimed at British parents who are living abroad. The "GSGI" is also mostly written and edited by expatriates.
The "GSG" also publishes "Uni in the USA", a guide to universities abroad written by and for British students.

</doc>
<doc id="19219397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219397" title="Split Mountain">
Split Mountain

Split Mountain (or similar) is the name of one of 17 peaks in the United States:
There is also a Split Mountain in Canada:

</doc>
<doc id="19219428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219428" title="A Bit O'Gold">
A Bit O'Gold

A Bit O'Gold (foaled 2001 in Ontario) is a Canadian Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
Out of the mare, Annasan, A Bit O'Gold was sired by Grade I winner Gold Fever, a son of the 1987 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt, Forty Niner.
Equally effective racing on both dirt and grass, A Bit O'Gold began racing at age two in 2003 for owner/trainer Catherine Day Phillips. He won his first three starts, including the important Coronation Futurity Stakes in early November. At age three, the gelding won two of the three races comprising the Canadian Triple Crown series. After winning the Plate Trial, A Bit O'Gold finished second in the Queen's Plate, then won the Prince of Wales Stakes and on turf, the third leg iof the Triple Crown, the Breeders' Stakes. A Bit O'Gold's 2004 performances earned him the Sovereign Award for Champion 3-Year-Old Male Horse.
At age four, A Bit O'Gold won important Canadian races on dirt and on grass that resulted in three Sovereign Awards, including for Canadian Horse of the Year.
In May 2006, A Bit O'Gold was retired to Kingfield Farms in Maple, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="19219429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219429" title="Tears of the Desert">
Tears of the Desert

Tears of the Desert is the autobiography of Halima Bashir (co-authored with English journalist Damien Lewis). The autobiography tells of the life of Bashir in a village in the Darfur region of Sudan before catastrophe strikes.
Synopsis.
Bashir grew up in a rural Zaghawa village in the Darfur region. Her father was wealthy enough to send her to a city school where she excelled as a student. Bashir went on to study medicine and became a doctor. Working in the emergency ward at the hospital in Hashma, Bashir treated patients from both sides of the war. During her time in Hashma, Bashir gained a reputation as a doctor who black victims of the conflict could rely on for treatment. She was soon transferred by the government to Mazkhabad, a remote village in Northern Darfur. Here, she treated forty-two young school girls and their teachers who were brutally gang-raped in a government supported attack on the village. For speaking about this attack to United Nations investigators, Bashir herself was brutally tortured and raped. Bashir returned to her home village only to watch it be destroyed by government helicopters and militia. Shortly after, Bashir fled the country with the understanding that the government was still hunting for her.
Details.
When Bashir attends secondary school in the city, she comes up against traditional enmities between the black Africans of Darfur and the minority Arab elite and their group's subsequent discrimination against the black Africans ever since. She accounts for the lack of support from teachers in physical fights stemming from schoolgirl prejudices that leads to expulsion – all of it an early lesson in helplessness.
Commentary.
Her ordeal is described as, "Bravery in a brutal land." It was Halima's introduction to the racist Arab militias' policy of rape as a weapon of terror. It is one woman's true story of surviving the horrors of Darfur.
The detail in which Bashir's story is told brings the message of horror to Western audiences. Co-author Damien Lewis stated that one of his goals was to, "make … you or I or anybody else in the West feel that that could be them … how would they feel if that happened to them brings it home to on the personal human family level. What would you feel if it was your children or your father, or your grandparents, or your village? … So it doesn't feel like thousands of miles away in a different culture in a place we don't understand."
Early responses to the book indicate that Lewis was successful in achieving this goal.

</doc>
<doc id="19219430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219430" title="List of Tron characters">
List of Tron characters

This article covers notable characters of "Tron" franchise, including all of its various cinematic, literary, video game adaptations and sequels.
Development.
For the first film, Richard Rickitt explains that to "produce the characters who inhabit the computer world, actors were dressed in costumes that were covered in black-and-white computer circuitry designs...With coloured light shining through the white areas of their costumes, the resulting characters appeared to glow as if lit from within...optical processes were used to create all of the film's computerized characters..." Frederick S. Clarke reports that """ will combine live action with CGI," adding that "several characters...will be completely digital..."
"Tron".
Kevin Flynn.
Kevin Flynn is the protagonist of the first film. He is played by Jeff Bridges.
Kevin Flynn is a former employee of fictional software company ENCOM. At the start of the first movie, he is manager of "Flynn's", a video arcade where he impresses his patrons with his skills at games that (unknown to them) he designed at ENCOM, but remains determined to find evidence that CEO Ed Dillinger plagiarised Flynn's work to advance his position within the company. Throughout most of the film, Flynn travels around the digital world, accompanying the eponymous character Tron; but later discovers that as a User, he commands the physical laws of the digital world, enabling him beyond the abilities of an ordinary program. Eventually, he enables Tron to destroy the Master Control Program shown to oppress the digital world, and upon return to the material world obtains the evidence necessary to expose Dillinger, and becomes ENCOM's CEO himself.
In the novelization of the film, Flynn's name is revealed to be Kevin O. Flynn.
CLU.
CLU (short for Codified Likeness Utility) is a hacking program (also played by Jeff Bridges) created by Flynn to expose Dillinger's plagiarism. CLU is first seen in the opening of the movie operating a tank program in the search to uncover the stolen data, but is captured by the Master Control Program and absorbed into it. The information gained from CLU is subsequently used against Flynn as he tries to escape the game grid on a light cycle.
Alan Bradley.
Alan Bradley is a computer programmer working for ENCOM and a friend of Kevin Flynn. He is played by Bruce Boxleitner.
Alan is the creator of the Tron program that monitors communications between the Master Control Program and the real world; but finding its progress confined, assists Flynn in exposing Dillinger. In the film, Tron addresses Bradley with the username 'Alan-1'.
Tron.
Tron (also played by Bruce Boxleitner) is a security program created by Alan Bradley to monitor communications between the Master Control Program and the real world. In the movie, Tron is captured by the MCP and forced to play on the Game Grid, but freed by Flynn and instructed by Alan to shut down the MCP. In the film, Tron's program name is "TRON-JA307020".
Bit.
Bit is a representation of a bit (binary digit), and as such is only capable of providing (0,1) answers to any question, through which it managed to convey various emotions. Bit appeared twice in the movie, once at the beginning of the movie as companion to CLU and later as a companion to Flynn himself, and was originally to have a more extensive role; but has only two minutes for scheduling reasons. Despite this, the co-creators of "Max Headroom", in their book "Creative Computer Graphics", called it "one of the most memorable characters in the film." At the time of the film's release, the character represented an innovative use of vector graphics and morphing.
Physically, Bit was represented within the movie by a blue polyhedral shape that alternated between the compound of dodecahedron and icosahedron and the small triambic icosahedron (the first stellation of the icosahedron). When the Bit announces the answer "yes" it briefly changes into a yellow octahedron, and when it announces "no" it changes into the 35th stellation of the icosahedron, colored red.
Lora Baines.
Lora Baines is a research engineer at the software company ENCOM. She is played by Cindy Morgan.
Lora is one of the designers of the laser that teleports Kevin Flynn into the digital world. She is the girlfriend of Alan Bradley and ex-girlfriend of Kevin Flynn, and the creator of the Yori program that befriends Flynn in the digital world, having long been a friend of Tron.
Walter Gibbs.
Walter Gibbs was the founder of ENCOM. He continues to work there as a scientist along with Lora Baines, working on the teleporting laser. After voicing concerns about heavy restriction to the company mainframe computer in a meeting with Ed Dillinger, Dillinger responds by threatening him with being dismissed. He is portrayed by Barnard Hughes.
Ed Dillinger.
Ed Dillinger is the Senior Executive Vice President of fictional software company ENCOM and the "real world" antagonist of the first film. He is played by David Warner.
Dillinger was a worker in ENCOM before plagiarising Kevin Flynn's original work, whereafter he became its "senior executive". He contributes to the rise of the Master Control Program that controls the ENCOM mainframe and the user of Sark that acts as the MCP's second-in-command. As Flynn seeks the evidence of Dillinger's theft of his work, Dillinger authorizes the MCP to tighten security controls. When Ed starts questioning MCP about going against his plans to capture other programs, MCP threatens to expose who really made the video games. Ed Dillinger is defeated when the MCP is destroyed and his misdeed exposed yet he is relieved that MCP is no more.
His son Ed Dillinger, Jr. appears in the film's sequel (portrayed by Cillian Murphy) although with an American accent instead of his father's English.
Master Control Program.
The Master Control Program (MCP), voiced by David Warner, is the main antagonist of the first film.
It is an artificial intelligence created by ENCOM founder Walter Gibbs and improved by Ed Dillinger that ruled Encom's mainframe computer. During the rule of the MCP, many programs are enslaved and forced to play games against its henchmen. To gain information and power, the MCP threatens to reveal Dillinger's plagiarism of Flynn's creations to the public. Dillinger used the MCP to administer the company's computer network (in effect an AI Superuser); but the MCP, empowered by him, begins to steal data from other systems, and comes to desire control of external corporations and even governments. Eventually, the MCP is destroyed by Flynn and Tron.
Before its destruction, the MCP ends most of its conversations with Dillinger with the computer programming phrase "End of line". In the sequel, "Tron: Legacy", the digital world has a music club called the "End of Line Club", as a tribute to the Master Control Program.
Ram.
Ram is an actuarial program who "worked for a big insurance company" before being captured by the MCP and forced to play on the Game Grid. He is played by Dan Shor.
While involved in the games, Ram exceeds his original programming to become a proficient gamer, and expresses a fair amount of confidence in his abilities while between contests; but took pride in his work as an actuarial program, which he seemed to associate with humanitarian purposes. He is injured by a game tank after escaping the game grid with Flynn and Tron, and later dies in the company of Flynn.
Sark.
Sark is the secondary antagonist of the first film. He is played by David Warner.
Sark is chief lieutenant to the Master Control Program. He is created by ENCOM CEO Ed Dillinger, and shares Dillinger's voice and form. Sark oversaw the training of new programs kidnapped and brought to the Game Grid by the MCP, and was known to enter the games himself from time to time. He is destroyed by Tron near the end of the film. In the novelization, his program name is "SARK-ES1117821".
Yori.
Yori is the romantic interest of Tron and Flynn. She is also played by Cindy Morgan.
She was in charge of the creation of digital simulations (such as the Solar Sailer) and assisted in the de-rezzing procedure of the digitizing laser. Yori is reunited with Tron after he rescues her from the clutches of the MCP, and helps Tron and Flynn reach the core of the MCP, where their combined efforts destroy the MCP and its factional programs. Yori will make an appearance in the 2014 "Tron" film.
Dumont.
Dumont is a Tower Guardian charged with protecting the ENCOM mainframe's I/O Tower. He resembles his user, Encom founder Walter Gibbs, and has a similar closeness with Yori that Gibbs had with her user, Lora Baines. He is also played by Barnard Hughes.
Crom.
Crom is a timid and pudgy accounting program who was captured by the MCP and forced to play on the Game Grid. He is played by Peter Jurasik.
Crom and Flynn are forced to battle each other in the ring game. Flynn gains the upper hand, but refuses to kill a defenseless Crom, twice defying Sark's command to do so. Sark then derezzes the piece of the playing field that Crom is hanging from, sending the hapless program freefalling to his death.
"Tron 2.0", "Tron: Killer App", "Tron: The Ghost in the Machine".
The video game "Tron 2.0" was a direct sequel to "Tron" but is now non-canon with release of "Tron: Legacy" and its various related titles. The comic book "" further explores the "Tron 2.0" characters and storyline.
Jet Bradley.
Jet Bradley is the son of Alan Bradley and Lora Baines Bradley and the protagonist of the game "Tron 2.0". Jet is digitized while searching for his missing father. Within the digital world, he is tasked with locating the Tron Legacy Code.
Jet is also the basis for the experimental program that is the central character of "Tron: The Ghost in the Machine". This version of Jet is a digital backup of the original User, copied and stored within the system. Due to the complexities involved in making a copy of a human being, the program version of Jet is corrupted and split into three separate aspects. Eventually, all aspects of the program are united and given the choice to ascend from the digital world into the real world.
Mercury.
Mercury is a female humanoid computer program. She is voiced by Rebecca Romijn. She is known within the computer world as a champion lightcycle racer but also shows some combat skills during the course of the game. She returns in "Tron: The Ghost in the Machine" as one of the leaders the resistance against the red version of the program Jet, who is masquerading as the MCP.
Ma3a.
Ma3a is a female computer program. She is voiced by Cindy Morgan. Unlike most other programs in the computer world, Ma3a is shaped like a sphere. When she was originally written by Alan Bradley in March 1988, she was known as Ma1a, followed by Ma2a in the June 1996, and by 2003, Ma3a. Ma3a carries many of Lora Bradley's personality traits and even sounds like her (considering Cindy Morgan also played Lora in "TRON"). Some Encom employees have come to believe that part of Lora was digitized into Ma3a's code in the midst of the 1994 digitizing accident that resulted in Lora's death. In March 2003, Alan Bradley was given the "Digital Pal" award for Ma3a.
Thorne.
J.D. Thorne was an executive from fCon who was improperly digitized into the computer and became corrupted, spreading like a virus throughout the system. Corrupted programs that follow Thorne as "The Master User" are called Z-Lots (pronounced "zealots"). Thorne is derezzed after a battle with the Kernel. Before he dies, he passes along vital information on fCon to Jet Bradley.
The Kernel.
The Kernel is a security program commanding the system's ICPs. He was destroyed by Jet Bradley during a battle with the corrupted user Thorne.
Byte.
Byte is similar to Bit in visual design and also speaks in a modulated voice. Unlike Bit, Byte is able to speak in full English sentences.
Data Wraiths.
Data Wraiths are digitized elite hacker Users that were employed by fCon to create havoc in computer systems around the world, steal top-secret data and destroying the databases of fCon's competitors. When they derez in the computer world they are kicked out of the computer and return to their original human form, unconscious.
Seth Crown, Eva Popoff, and Esmond Baza.
Seth Crown, Eva Popoff, and Esmond Baza are three fCon executives who attempted to transfer themselves into the computer world unaware that the correction algorithms necessary for proper transfer had been disabled. Without the algorithms, the digitization process went awry and the three executives were merged into one horrible monstrosity.
"Tron: Legacy", "Betrayal", "Uprising" and "Evolution".
', its comic book tie-in ', the animated television prequel ' and the video game tie-in ' are all direct sequels to "Tron". Several characters appear in all four pieces of the franchise while others are specific to one component. All four parts establish a specific time line of the Tron universe.
Abraxas.
Abraxas is the main antagonist of "Tron: Evolution". He is voiced by John Glover. Formerly an ISO named Jalen, he was re-tasked by CLU as a computer virus to justify the purge of the ISOs from the Grid.
Anon.
Anon is the protagonist of "Tron: Evolution". He is a security program written by Kevin Flynn in order to try and maintain order in the grid and to investigate conspiracies. He teamed with Quorra in trying to stop CLU from taking over the grid but was killed saving her from falling debris.
Beck.
Beck is the protagonist of "Tron: Uprising". He is voiced by Elijah Wood.
Beck is a young program that leads a revolution against CLU 2 and his armies from within the digital realm of The Grid. He is trained by Tron and looks to him as a mentor throughout his time as a games warrior. Beck eventually becomes as powerful as Tron and challenges the tyranny of Tesler and his oppressive forces.
CLU 2.
CLU 2 (Codified Likeness Utility 2.0) is a program created by Kevin Flynn to oversee the development of the Grid and the main antagonist of "Tron: Legacy". He is physically played by John Reardon, with Jeff Bridges lending his likeness and voice to the character.
CLU was created by Flynn to oversee the development of the Grid, so that Flynn could live as CEO of ENCOM and with his son, Sam. Programmed with the command of creating a "perfect system", CLU grew to resent Flynn – particularly, his fondness for the 'imperfect', spontaneously-generated Isos, or isomorphic algorithms. CLU later betrayed Flynn and Tron to seize total control of the Grid, and then enacted genocide upon the Isos, and forced Flynn into hiding for twenty years.
Over this period, CLU kept the Grid under his own control, reprogramming his opponent as soldiers for his own army, led by a reprogrammed Tron under the name 'Rinzler'. He continued to seek Flynn for his "identity disc", whose contents would allow CLU to cross into the real world; and later lured Flynn's son Sam onto the Grid. After first trying to destroy him, CLU uses Sam to draw out Flynn, and obtains his identity disc. He is destroyed after a long series of struggles, at whose end Flynn 'reintegrates' CLU into himself, apparently destroying them both.
ISOs.
The ISOs (short for isomorphic algorithms) are a race of programs that spontaneously arose on the Grid. CLU saw them as an obstacle to his creation of a perfect system whilst Kevin Flynn saw them as the next stage of evolution; wherefore CLU betrayed Flynn and destroyed most of the ISOs. The last remaining ISO is Quorra, saved by Flynn and sent to the real world with Sam.
Sam Flynn.
Sam Flynn is the son of Kevin Flynn who works as a controlling shareholder at ENCOM and the protagonist of "Tron: Legacy". After 20 years of his father's absence, Sam is lured onto the Grid, where he reunites with his father and catalyzes the action of the second film, culminating in the destruction of CLU. Deciding to take responsibility of ENCOM, he names Alan the Chairman of the Board and takes Quorra to see her first sunrise.
He is played by Garrett Hedlund.
Castor/Zuse.
Castor is the flamboyant owner of the "End of Line" club located inside the Grid. Although an ally of Flynn's and the ISOs' under his former name 'Zuse', he betrays Sam and Quorra to bargain with CLU; he wishes to control the Grid once CLU leaves for the real world. However, though CLU seems to agree to the bargain, he traps Castor in his club, setting off explosions that kill him and his associate, Gem.
He is played by Michael Sheen.
Quorra.
Quorra is a skilled warrior and confidante to Kevin Flynn, who saved her from CLU's purge of the ISOs. She is the last remaining member of a group of 'isomorphic algorithms' destroyed by CLU. Anxious to experience the outside world, Quorra accompanies Sam to escape the grid and enter the real world; both her name and her story-arc appear to relate to the Greek myth of Persephone." Quorra, unlike humans, has triple stranded DNA.
She is played by Olivia Wilde.
Rinzler/Tron.
Rinzler is CLU 2's right-hand man. Considered a master warrior, he uses two identity discs in combat and displays advanced acrobatic talent. The two-disc DVD edition of the original "Tron" revealed that in the late 1970s, Lisberger Studios had produced an early demo animation showing the character 'Tron' similarly armed with two "exploding discs", (see Tron Origins). Later in the story of "Tron: Legacy", it is revealed that Rinzler is a repurposed version of Tron. Though it appears in "Legacy" that Tron was defeated in the initial strike of CLU's coup, "Tron: Uprising" reveals that he initially escaped capture, at the cost of severe injury, and served as a mentor to the program Beck in inciting insurrection against CLU's new regime; it has yet to be shown at what point in the time between "Uprising" and "Legacy" that Tron was captured and repurposed. As Rinzler, he has several encounters with Sam Flynn throughout "Legacy", culminating in an aerial pursuit, during which he remembers his past identity and turns against CLU, who sends Rinzler plummeting into the Sea of Simulation. Rinzler/Tron's ultimate fate is left unknown, but as he sinks into the Sea, his red markings (indicating alliance to/control by CLU) fade to his original blue colors.
Rinzler is named after Lucasfilm Executive Editor, J.W. Rinzler, author of several books including "The Making of Star Wars", "The Complete Making of Indiana Jones", and "Making of The Empire Strikes Back". Director Joseph Kosinski chose the name during a working session with the writers when one of Rinzler's books happened to be on the table.
Rinzler is played by Anis Cheurfa, a well-known martial-arts performer cast for his abilities. His stunts and acrobatic talents can be seen throughout the film. Rinzler is voiced by Bruce Boxleitner.
Jarvis.
Jarvis is CLU 2's chief bureaucrat and administrator. While probably efficient in his function, his personality is shown to be sycophantic and cowardly. Jarvis attempts at every turn to impress CLU and win approval. After Jarvis fails to prevent Sam Flynn from taking back Kevin's disc, CLU derezzes him. Jarvis is played by James Frain.
Tesler.
Tesler, also referred to as 'General Tesler', is the main antagonist of "Tron: Uprising" and is voiced by Lance Henriksen. Tesler is in charge of the forces occupying Argon City; Paige and Pavel report directly to him.
Edward Dillinger Jr..
Edward Dillinger Jr. is the son of Ed Dillinger (one of the main antagonists of the first film). He is the lead programmer on the ENCOM operating system and is seen attending an ENCOM board meeting in the beginning of "Legacy". It would seem he inherited his father's habit of betraying others' beliefs to further his own profits as well as those of the company.
He is played by an uncredited Cillian Murphy.

</doc>
<doc id="19219434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219434" title="Zé Ramalho (album)">
Zé Ramalho (album)

Zé Ramalho is the debut album (if "Paêbirú" is not taken into account) by the artist of same name. It features two great hits of his career: "Chão de Giz" and "Avôhai". Patrick Moraz, keyboardist of the band Yes, guest appeared in the track "Avôhai". The CD was re-released in 2003 with five bonus tracks.
Avôhai was composed as a tribute to Ramalho's grandfather, who adopted him after his father died by drowning two years after he was born. Ramalho said that inspiration for the song came after an experience with psilocybin mushrooms in a friend's farm. He looked at the sky and saw the "shadow of a gigantic spaceship", and a voice whispered "Avôhai" in his ear. "Avôhai" comes from the words "Avô" (grandfather) and "Pai" (father).
Track listing.
Remastered version.
Apart from all original tracks, the remastered version contains the following bonus tracks, all of them being acoustic guitar & voice versions:

</doc>
<doc id="19219447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219447" title="The Brotherhood (Nineteen Eighty-Four)">
The Brotherhood (Nineteen Eighty-Four)

The Brotherhood is a fictitious organization in George Orwell's novel, "Nineteen-Eighty Four". It is mysterious in origin and operations, working to bring down The Party.
Origin.
The Brotherhood was supposedly founded by a man named Emmanuel Goldstein, one of the members of the original inner circle of the Party just below Big Brother himself. Like most leaders of the revolution, Goldstein turned on Big Brother but, unlike the others, he was somehow able to escape, and founded the Brotherhood. It remains unknown as to whether or not Goldstein exists and is still active, but if so, his location is unknown.
Background.
Purpose.
The Brotherhood cannot be said to be an "active" resistance movement, because its main goal is simply increasing in size slowly, in the hopes that generations in the future they might pose a threat to the party. In the film of the same name, O'Brien implies that perhaps in "A thousand years" there might be an attack on the party by The Brotherhood. However, in the present day, even if they are not active enough to actually cause any damage, the Party's propaganda blames virtually anything that goes wrong on sabotage by Brotherhood spies.
Secrecy.
Supposedly, Brotherhood members do not even know one another. All Brotherhood members are expected to be captured, and when they are, they will not be rescued, as to protect the secrecy of the mysterious organization – most attempt suicide when captured if it is possible. As a result of their extreme likelihood of capture, Brotherhood members do not know more than 3–4 other members of the party, and if captured they consequently cannot betray any significant number of other members.
The Brotherhood's existence.
Very little information is given as to whether the Brotherhood, or anything like it, actually exists. O'Brien heavily implies to Smith that all of the details of the Brotherhood and the very existence of Emmanuel Goldstein are just fabrications that the Party invented in order to lure out thought criminals and serve as a convenient scapegoat for the Party. O'Brien does allow that there might, hypothetically, be a real resistance movement similar to the fake Brotherhood, but if so, it has hidden itself so well that the Party has never detected it (the implication being, of course, that a movement so secret could never attain the level of organisation needed to genuinely threaten the regime).
The "idea" of the Brotherhood is, however, very real and is frequently used by the Party as a trap for potential thought criminals. Winston Smith, the novel's protagonist, is contacted discreetly by O'Brien. O'Brien pretends to be a member of the Brotherhood. However, he is really working for the Party, lying to gain Winston's trust and denounce him as a thought criminal. When Winston is captured and tortured inside the Ministry of Love, he asks O'Brien if the Brotherhood does exist. He tells Winston that that is a question he will never get an answer to, so it remains unknown as to whether it really exists or is merely an illusion created by the party.
Allusions.
The Brotherhood bears some resemblance to a real OGPU operation known as the Trust Operation, which was a fake anti-communist front group established to lure enemies of the Bolsheviks back from exile.

</doc>
<doc id="19219481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219481" title="Worsley Old Hall">
Worsley Old Hall

Worsley Old Hall is a former house, now a public house and restaurant, off Walkden Road (A575), Worsley, Greater Manchester, England. Historically situated within Lancashire, it is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. In this building the Bridgewater Canal was planned and its construction supervised.
History.
The present building on the site dates from the 16th or early 17th century. It was originally a timber-framed building which has been rebuilt in brick. It is thought that it originally consisted of a hall range on the south side, with wings extending to the north on the east and west sides. The house was remodelled in the 18th century with the addition of a range immediately to the north of the hall range. It was substantially extended in or around 1855 when an extension was added to the east wing. Further work was carried out in 1891; in 1905 the space between the wings was filled in with a billiard room; and in 1906 a small wing was added on the northwest side. During the 20th century there were further internal alterations, particularly in the 1990s when it was converted into a restaurant. The hall is of particular historical importance because it was here that Francis Egerton, the 3rd Duke of Bridgewater, James Brindley and John Gilbert planned the Bridgewater Canal and supervised its building.
Architecture.
The building is in brick, most of which is rendered. The roofs are of stone and slate. Some of the 19th-century extensions are timber-framed.
Present day.
As of 2011 the building was a public house and restaurant in the Brewers Fayre chain. In August 2013 the building was sold has and been refurbished and re-opened in December 2013 as a food-led real ale pub operated by Brunning and Price.

</doc>
<doc id="19219484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219484" title="Bhavsar">
Bhavsar

The Bhavasar are an ethnic group in India, traditionally associated with woodblock printing on textiles and tailoring. They are mostly located in the regions of Gujarat, Maharashtra and Rajasthan while some are also located in Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Gujarati and Rajasthani Bhavsars refer to themselves as just Bhavsars, while in Maharashtra the community has bifurcated further and they refer to themselves variously as, Bhavsar Kshathriya, Bhavsar Shimpi, Namdev Shimpi. Namdev Shimpis are considered a distinct group, although they bifurcated from the Maharashtrian Bhavsars, as they are followers of Namdev - however they use the same surnames as Maharashtrian Bhavsars.
Bhavsar or Bhavasar could also be the surname of some of the people of this ethnic group. According to the specific profession, Bhavsars are further divided into Rangrezs who were traditionally involved with woodblock printing on textiles and Shimpis/Darzis, who were traditionally involved in tailoring.
Legendary origin.
The Bhavasar claim the Kshatriya varna, stating a legendary descent from Kshatriyas who survived extermination by Parshuram by taking shelter in the temple of the goddess Hingulaambikaa.
The Bhavasar's legendary origin dates back to Saurashtra. According to the epic stories, the legendary Parshuram, who was said to be an avatar of Vishnu, had vowed vengeance against the kshatriyas (the community of warriors) and had wiped most of the kshatriyas off the earth. This scenario had worried two young princes Bhavsingh and Sarsingh from Saurashtra who had foreseen their dynasty meeting its end. The princes had been directed to appeal to the Hindu Goddess Hinglaj at the holy shrine situated on the banks of the Hingol River in semi-desert coastal strip of Makran, Baluchistan in present-day Pakistan, where the Hindu goddess assured protection of their dynasty by compelling Parshuram to leave them alone, on the condition that none from their community would confront Parshuram as he too was a son for her. The Bhavsar community was named after these two princes, Bhavsingh and Sarsingh. The Bhavsar community has negotiated with the Pakistani government passage for regular pilgrimage to Hinglaj.
The community fled from the Sindh area around Hinglaj when faced with conversion to Islam by force by Mughal invaders and settled in Gujarat and Maharashtra in the Middle Ages. The Maharashtrian Bhavsars moved further to the South of India up to Tamil Nadu, settling along the way in Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Another branch moved eastwards to Vidharbha and Madhya Pradesh.
Culture and demographics.
Bhavsars are found mostly in Gujarat, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. All have adapted to their local culture and traditions to varying degrees. However, Gujarat and Maharashtra are the primary regions from where the more recent migrations have occurred. Most Gujarati Bhavsars follow Vaishnavism, while some others follow Jainism. The Bhavsars started migrating to South India from the time of Shivaji and have settled in the South for several generations; however, they have maintained their Gujarati cultural ties to this day and date.
Diet.
Traditionally, the Bhavsars are non-vegetarians while the Gujarati Bhavsars and Namdeo Shimpis in Maharashtra are vegetarian. The Maharashtrian and Gujarati Bhavsars have their cuisines developed with a strong influence of local cuisines in the respective states. Traditionally, in this community, the oldest woman of the family was given importance as the 'Gruhalakshmi' of the family and she decided what was to be cooked on a daily basis and on different occasions - every family used to give importance to lunch and dinner, sat on the floor together and ate with their hands.
Languages.
The Bhavasar community in Rajasthan speaks Bagri, a Rajasthani language. Further south, a very large number of Bhavsars have either Gujarati or Marathi as their mother tongue. Migrants to states other than Gujarat or Maharashtra invariably continue to speak their native mother tongue while being multilingual with the local language. For example, migrants from Maharashtra to the southern Indian states of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu speak telegu, Kannada and Tamil respectively, while being multilingual with the local language/s.
In Gujarat, the community has two linguistic divisions - Gujarati and Malwi, which are endogamous (but slowly opening up) in nature.
Surnames.
Some families from the Bhavsar community use Bhāvsār as their last name, for the purpose of identity. However, the Bhavsars from Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu have picked up surnames in the Marathi tradition, i.e. Avanthkar, Ksheerasagar(Kshirasagar), Sankre, Balamkar (Belamkar), Balle, Bangole, Ambekar, Dhayfule/Dhayapule/Dayafule, Mahindrakar, Ambure, Chamungade, Khambayte, Khunte, Lokhande, Zingade, Malathkar, Lokare, Navale, Ganore, Basutkar, Dalal, Dhagdhage, Dounjeghar, Pandav, Pise, Malvi, Malve, Kharde, Katare, Tandale, Jadhav, Banchod, Vardhave, Pandav, Nandode, Torne, Sulakhe, Somvanshi, Suryavanshi, Harsole, Garje, Wadekar, Gondkar, Gujar, Gurjar, Nishane, Bharote, Shravge, Temkar, Tikare, Goje, Sakulkar, Bharade, Mahindrakar, Bharade, Amte, Pandhare, Patange, Musale, Magre, Pathane, Phutane, Ranjankar, Gaddale (Gaddalay), Rashinkar, Dantkale, Davande, Goge, Kute, Dharaskar, Shelke, Karmase, Javalkar (Jawalkar), Telkar,Bedre, Pendkar Kakade, Jungade, Jhingādē (Zingādey), Hanchate, Hebare, Sutrave, Rampure, Lokre, Bambhore, Bhange, Mankas, Sarode, Chubhalkar, Khemkar, Kangokar, Ejanthkar, Cholkar, Dudhankar, Matade, Uttarkar, Godbole, Nazare, Khamitkar, Mulay, Mahadik, Sarangdhar, Sadavarte, Bhasme, Padalkar, Velhal, Pakhare, Gathe, Nikumbh, Kalyankar, Hasilkar, Subandh, Bagade, Barve, Bartakke, Dhausay, Lingarkar, Bansod, Saraogir, Vaidya, Joshi, Malvade, Bendre, Sutre, Mankar, Pethkar, Gandre, Hendre, Rao, Baudhankar, Renguntwar, Sangenwar, Tungenwar, Kale, Kalekar, Homkar, Koparday, Gathe, Gadekar, Tibhe, Ausarkar, Vanarase, Mahajan, Bhardwaj, Shankardas, Rathore, Newaskar, Bhandarkar, Hirve, Gandre, Badle, Relekar, chandravanshi,Pansare, Patankar, Khedkar, Mahadeek and so on.
Weddings.
The weddings among Bhavsars are given a lot of importance. The wedding takes place as a Hindu Wedding Ceremony which has a number of rituals and customs. The community follows the system of arranged marriages which are usually decided by the parents or an older family member. The match could be selected by parents, or by the elder member of the family. However, the modern practice is to choose from a matchmaking agent, matrimonial site, or a trusted third party. although most of it is like a traditional Hindu Wedding Ceremony. Love marriages and intercaste marriages have grown more common in present generations outside the community.
Religion.
Traditionally, Bhavsars were very religious and spiritualistic people. They worship Hinglaj Mata or Hingulambika who all Bhavsars claim as their original deity. The oldest temple dedicated to this deity Hingulamata is in the Baluchistan province of present day Pakistan. It should be noted that the Hinglaj temple is an important place of pilgrimage to other Hindus of that area and is maintained by a small Hindu community that remains there. Bhavsars may be one of the communities that resided in that area and worshiped the same goddess. There is no other older temple or deity in any other part of India that is commonly worshiped by the Bhavsars. It is therefore speculated that the Bhavsar community had its origin in the north-western part of undivided India (present day Pakistan).
Bhavsar Samaj.
Bhavsars in Rajasthan, Gujarat and Maharashtra have their traditional caste council known as the "Bhavsar Samaj" or "Bhavasar Kshatriya Samaj". The main function of the jāthi panchāyath (caste council) is to settle inter-family feuds, quarrels, etc. The office bearers of these panchayats are elected.

</doc>
<doc id="19219510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219510" title="Ivan Mozer">
Ivan Mozer

Ivan Ivanovich Mozer (, ; born 21 December 1933 in Mukachevo; died 2 November 2006 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player, coach and director.
International career.
Mozer made his debut for USSR on July 1, 1956 in a friendly against Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19219516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219516" title="Triumph TR5 Trophy">
Triumph TR5 Trophy

The TR5 Trophy was a standard motorcycle made by Triumph Engineering at the Meriden factory between 1949 and 1958. 
Based on the Speed Twin, the TR5 was a trials machine designed for off-road use with a high level two into one exhaust and good handling on public roads. 
The name 'Trophy' came from the three 'specials' that Triumph built for the Italian International Six Day Trial in 1948, which went on to win three gold medals and the manufacturers team trophy. 
Featuring prominently in the AMC "Class C" racing until 1969, the American export models included components from the Tiger 100 to create a motorcycle for desert competition.
From 1951 the engine (used as aircraft generators during World War II) was updated with a new alloy barrels and heads. The TR5 was replaced with a new range of unit construction twins in 1959. 
The Trophy name was resurrected for the TR6 Trophy in 1970 and the Trophy 500 (T100C) in 1971, which in turn was replaced by the Trophy Trail (TR5T) in 1973. This model enjoyed competition success gaining the British team individual gold medals and 2nd place overall in the 1973 ISDT competition held in the critical USA market. The new Triumph Motorcycles company also used the Trophy name for the Trophy 900 and Trophy 1200 models.
James Dean.
Inspired by Marlon Brando's 6T Triumph Thunderbird in "The Wild One", James Dean bought a Triumph TR5 Trophy. Phil Stern's series of iconic photographs of Dean show him on this bike. It was sold after the actor's death, and then was retrieved, restored and displayed at the James Dean Museum in Fairmount, Indiana.
Happy Days.
The Fonz, a character played by Henry Winkler in the popular and long-running American sit-com "Happy Days", rode a mildly customized 1949 Trophy TR5. The motorcycle was provided by stuntman and Triumph dealer Bud Ekins, who removed the front fender, painted the fuel tank silver and changed the handlebars. The bike used in the sitcom was put up for auction in October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19219531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219531" title="Save Me (2007 film)">
Save Me (2007 film)

Save Me is a 2007 film directed by Robert Cary about Mark (Chad Allen), a drug-addicted homosexual man who is admitted into an ex-gay program run by Gayle (Judith Light) and her husband Ted (Stephen Lang). The film premiered at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival and was later picked up for distribution by independent studio First Run Features.
In September 2008 the film began its limited theatrical release in select markets in the United States.
The film screened at over 6 film festivals and has drawn positive reviews from "Entertainment Weekly", "Variety", "Time Out London" and several other publications.
Plot Synopsis.
When Mark—a young gay man addicted to sex and drugs—hits bottom, his concerned brother checks him into a Christian retreat in the New Mexico desert. Run by a compassionate husband and wife team, Gayle and Ted have made it their life's mission to cure young men of their 'gay affliction' through spiritual guidance. At first, Mark resists, but soon takes the message to heart. As Mark's fellowship with his fellow Ex-Gays grow stronger, however, he finds himself powerfully drawn to Scott, another young man battling family demons of his own. As their friendship begins to develop into romance, Mark and Scott are forced to confront their true selves.

</doc>
<doc id="19219536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219536" title="St. Augustine Amphitheatre">
St. Augustine Amphitheatre

The St. Augustine Amphitheatre is a venue for outdoor concerts and other large gatherings on A1A in St Augustine, Florida, United States. The Amphitheatre seats 3,493 persons, and is managed by the St. Johns County Parks & Recreation department.
History.
The Amphitheatre was built in 1965 to commemorate the 400th anniversary of the founding of St. Augustine. The land was originally part of Anastasia State Park. The amphitheatre itself was constructed in one of the old coquina quarries used to supply building materials for St. Augustine and the Castillo de San Marcos.
The Pulitzer Prize winning playwright Paul Green was commissioned to write a play to be performed at the Amphitheatre. The result was "Cross and Sword: A Symphonic Drama of the Spanish Settlement of Florida", a musical reenactment of the first years of St. Augustine's existence. "Cross and Sword" was designated the official state play in 1973 by the Florida Legislature. The play ran until 1996, when budget constraints ended its more than 30-year run.
The amphitheatre was used infrequently during the following years, though it did host a free summer Shakespeare Festival from 1997 to 2003. In 2002, St. Johns County acquired the property and the following year began an $8.7 million renovation. The upgraded facility reopened in August 2007, which includes a fiberglass tensile canopy over the main stage.

</doc>
<doc id="19219543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219543" title="Oleg Morozov">
Oleg Morozov

Oleg Morozov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19219549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219549" title="Avicularia anthracina">
Avicularia anthracina

Avicularia anthracina is a species of spider belonging to the family Theraphosidae (tarantulas).
It is found in Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="19219558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219558" title="Eleanor Sokoloff">
Eleanor Sokoloff

Eleanor Sokoloff (born October 4, 1914) is an American pianist and famous pedagogue of piano. She is now in her eighth decade of teaching on the faculty of the Curtis Institute of Music.
Born Eleanor Blum in Cleveland, Ohio, Sokoloff was the daughter of a barber. Her mother, a housewife, was an amateur singer and encouraged her daughter's musical interests. She began her studies with Ruth Edwards at the Cleveland Institute of Music at the age of 8. In 1931, she enrolled at the Curtis Institute of Music, and studied with David Saperton. She later studied the duo-piano repertoire with Vera Brodsky and Harold Triggs and eventually formed a highly successful duo team with her husband, pianist Vladimir Sokoloff. Vladimir was also on the piano faculty at Curtis and from 1938 to 1950 was the pianist for the Philadelphia Orchestra. Their daughter Laurie Sokoloff is the principal piccoloist of the Baltimore Symphony and their daughter Kathy Sokoloff is the Director of Development at the Settlement Music School. 
In 1936, Mrs. Sokoloff joined the faculty of the Curtis Institute of Music, first as a piano instructor to non-piano majors (1936 to 1949) and since 1950 as a full fledged member of the piano faculty. Since then, more than seventy-five of her students have been chosen to perform as soloists with the Philadelphia Orchestra. Among her students are pianists Hugh Sung, Lambert Orkis, Marcantonio Barone, Susan Starr, Claire Huangci, Kit Armstrong, Craig Sheppard, Meng-Chieh Liu, Leon McCawley, Keith Jarrett and Sean Kennard. In 2001, in recognition of her tenure, Sokoloff received the Curtis Alumni Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19219571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219571" title="2008 Dublin Horse Show – Samsung Super League">
2008 Dublin Horse Show – Samsung Super League

The seventh event of the 2008 Samsung Super League was held in Dublin, Ireland on August 8, 2008 during the 2008 Dublin Horse Show. The Great Britain won the event, finishing with only fourteen penalties over the two rounds of competition, five fewer than host nation Ireland's nineteen faults. Jessica Kürten of Ireland, Harry Smolders of the Netherlands, and Hillary Dobbs of the United States were the only riders to complete a clear round and were each awarded one point in the top rider standings. A €156,000 purse was offered at the CSIO***** event, with each of the eight competing teams receiving a share.

</doc>
<doc id="19219572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219572" title="Paul Monnier">
Paul Monnier

Paul Monnier (1907–1982) was a Swiss painter.
Biography.
Monnier was born in Montana-Vermala. From 1924 to 1930, he studied at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Geneva, took numerous trips in Italy and France, and was a member of the :fr:Ecole des Pâquis.
"The 'Ecole des Pâquis' occurred simply and effortlessly, naturally putting aside any cumbersome conceit and any personal outburst. ...These artists belong to this post-war generation which no longer dreams of superman. The subtleties of their craft come before aesthetic theories. Whenever laziness, alcohol, Bohemia and fiddling don't tempt them, they are capable of efforts far more disciplined than those we have made in the past 30 years. In a nutshell, long live the post-war youth that we have so run down." (Alexandre Cingria, 1929)
From 1930 to 1932, Monnier journeyed in India, Indo-China, and Tonkin. In a letter to C. J., Paul Monnier writes: "I'm wasting my time trying to abolish this job from my life. Painting is my job, my real and only job." (Vizagapatam, June 3, 1931).
After he returned, Monnier devoted himself to painting and lived successively in Geneva (1932–1936), Sierre Valais (1936–1949), Lausanne (1949–1970) and Geneva again until his death (1970–1982).
Illustrations.
"Paul Monnier's work is firstly and mainly "painting". This truism conceals a constant proceeding, highly true to itself and to the craft - which is not a minor achievement given a world where creative activity seems to be more and more confined by concept and word jugglers!
Cancelled movement, suspended vibration, objects and figures immobilized in their inmost loneliness, our glance seizes the composition like a wordless poem, a soundless music. The full circle of the creative route is then completed and painting joins its own mystery." (Bernard Zumthor, 1975)

</doc>
<doc id="19219593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219593" title="1999 Ireland rugby union tour of Australia">
1999 Ireland rugby union tour of Australia

1999 Ireland rugby union tour of Australia. The Ireland national rugby union team embarked on their third tour of Australia having also visited in 1979 and 1994. The tour saw Brian O'Driscoll make his full international in the first test against Australia. In 2001, O'Driscoll, together with Jeremy Davidson and Malcolm O'Kelly would return to Australia with the British and Irish Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="19219602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219602" title="Oskar Ruut">
Oskar Ruut

Oskar Ruut (birthname Oskar Rosenstock, April 24, 1916, Valga – August 3, 1944 Sinimäed) was an Estonian Hauptsturmführer in World War II, who served in the famous Battalion Narva and in 20th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Estonian).
Oskar Ruut was born in Valga where he studied in Valga grade school and later in Valga Gymnasium. After graduating from gymnasium Ruut joined the Estonian Army serving in 3rd Infantry Battalion placed in Valga. Ruut was promoted to kapral and later sent to 7th Infantry Regiment. In civil life Ruut studied case law in the University of Tartu. 
In 1941, when Estonia was occupied by Soviet Union Ruut organized a group of volunteers to fight against Red Army and Destruction battalions. His group helped to liberate Tallinn from Red Army in August 1941.
In the early 1942, Ruut joined the Estonian Auxiliary Police and was sent to the line near Leningrad.
Ruut volunteered the Estonian Legion next year and was sent to SS-Junkerschule located in Bad Tölz, from where he graduated with best results from his course. He was promoted to SS-Obersturmführer. Ruut became the company leader in famous Battalion Narwa which was sent to the line at Dnieper River. He fought with Battalion Narwa in Izium and Cherkasy. He received Iron Cross 2nd & 1st class for showing bravery in these battles. 
Battalion Narwa returned to Estonia in March 1944 and was affiliated with 20th Estonian SS Division. Ruut led successfully his company in Narva and Auvere.
In August 1944, during the Battle of Blue Hills Ruut destroyed two Soviet T-34 tanks receiving three wounds on his head and right shoulder. On next day he came back to lead his company. 
Oskar Ruut died on August 3, 1944 when he was killed by a soviet tank. Just before his death he had destroyed three tanks by himself. He is buried in Cemetery of German soldiers in Toila.
Decorations.
Waffen SS

</doc>
<doc id="19219612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219612" title="Oleg Morozov (footballer, born 1937)">
Oleg Morozov (footballer, born 1937)

Oleg Andreyevich Morozov (; born 17 March 1937 in Sinyavino; died 1 April 2006) was a Soviet association football player.
International career.
Morozov played his only game for the Soviet national football team on 30 August 1958 in a friendly match against Czechoslovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="19219619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219619" title="Christine Schürrer">
Christine Schürrer

Christine Schürrer (born June 30, 1976, in Hanover) is a German citizen who is convicted of murdering two Swedish children and seriously injuring their mother with 15 blows to the head with a hammer after attacking them in their home in Arboga, Sweden, on March 17, 2008. The motive for the murders has been identified as jealousy, since Schürrer had dated the children's stepfather while he was on holiday on the Greek island of Crete in 2006 where she was working at a local hostel.
Schürrer's case became the most noted and most followed criminal case in Sweden in 2008, along with the crimes of Anders Eklund.
Biography.
Early life.
Schürrer was born in Hanover, Germany. When she was 11 years old, her father left the family for good; Christine and her father had very little contact afterwards. Christine went to New York as an exchange student and lived with relatives in Manhattan. During her stay in the United States she also studied in Oklahoma. After she moved back to Germany she settled in Göttingen where she studied history for the next six years before traveling to Athens, Greece. In Athens Schürrer got a job at a hostel and also worked as a historian during that time. After one year she once again moved back to her hometown in Germany to work but she was soon back in Greece again, this time on the island of Crete, where she met and had a romantic relationship with a Swedish man, the stepfather of her future victims.
Murders and arrest.
Christine had arrived in Sweden during the summer of 2007 where she settled in Södermalm, in central Stockholm. She later found a new apartment in Skarpnäck, a suburb of Stockholm. During this time Christine tried for a third time to commit suicide. She was admitted to Södersjukhuset hospital and was later released with only minor cuts on her arms. She had earlier tried to commit suicide as a result of feeling betrayed by the Swedish man leaving her after a two week romance in Greece. Police believe that Christine arrived in Arboga by train on the afternoon of March 17. She went to the victim's house and knocked on the door. When the mother, 23-year old Emma Jangestig, answered the door, Schürrer snuck inside and struck her over the head 15 times with a hammer. She then attacked the woman's two children, 3-year old Max and 1-year old Saga,
causing fatal trauma to their heads. Schürrer had visited Arboga two times before on March 12 and March 14, possibly to get more information on where to locate the mother who she would attack days later. The mother's ex-boyfriend, the father of the two children, was arrested, but he was released the day after as it was established he was not the killer. Schürrer was arrested in Germany on March 22, 2008, but was released again the same day. On March 24, German police sent DNA samples from the suspect to Swedish police for testing. The mother had begun to wake up from her coma in a hospital around that time, and she could identify Christine as the attacker. Swedish investigators also examined a surveillance camera from the railway station in Arboga and a witness identified Christine, which proved that she had been in Arboga on that day during the time of the murder. She left Sweden and headed home to Germany on March 18 where she was arrested by German police on March 30, the day after an arrest warrant had been signed. She was later transferred to Sweden for the trial.
Trial and sentence.
On August 26, 2008 Schürrer was found guilty of the murders and assault on the mother. Schürrer underwent a psychological evaluation to see if she was fit to be sentenced to prison or receive psychiatric treatment. She refused to cooperate in the tests so it was not possible to make a correct assessment on her psychological health. On October 14, 2008 she was sentenced to life in prison as the evaluation showed that she suffered from no mental illness (as defined in Swedish law). If - or when (life sentences are typically commuted after 10–15 years in Sweden) Schürrer is released from prison she will also be forced to leave Sweden and barred from entering the country for life. Schürrer's defense attorney said that he would take the case to the court of appeals. The case received extensive coverage from both the Swedish and other world media.
Autopsy photos.
In September 2008, the Swedish media reported that the public preliminary investigation protocols concerning Schürrer's murder trial had been made available through a torrent on The Pirate Bay, a Swedish website providing magnet links. In Sweden, preliminary investigations become publicly available the moment a lawsuit is filed and can be ordered from the court by any individual. The document included pictures from the autopsy of the two murdered children, which caused their father Nicklas Jangestig to urge the website to have the pictures removed. The Pirate Bay refused to remove the torrent. The number of downloads increased to about 50,000 a few days later. On 11 September 2008, the website's press contact Peter Sunde participated in the debate program "Debatt" on the public broadcaster SVT. Sunde had agreed to participate on the condition that the father Nicklas Jangestig would not take part in the debate. Jangestig ultimately did participate in the program by telephone, which made Sunde feel betrayed by SVT. This caused The Pirate Bay to suspend all of its press contacts the following day.
“I don’t think it’s our job to judge if something is ethical or unethical or what other people want to put out on the internet,” said The Pirate Bay’s spokesperson Peter Sunde to TV4.
Appeal.
Schürrer appealed to the Svea Court of Appeal for a new trial. Schürrer's sentence was finalised on February 16 when her appeal was rejected. Schürrer was transferred to a women's prison in Vechta, Germany in March, 2012 to serve out the remaining time of her sentence. Schürrer is the seventh woman in Swedish history to be sentenced to life imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="19219663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219663" title="Never Gonna Let You Go (Sérgio Mendes song)">
Never Gonna Let You Go (Sérgio Mendes song)

"Never Gonna Let You Go" is a popular song from 1983 credited to Brazilian musician and bandleader Sérgio Mendes and sung by Joe Pizzulo and Leza Miller. Songwriters Cynthia Weil (words) and Barry Mann (music) composed the song, which appears on Mendes' 1983 self-titled album.
Weil and Mann originally submitted "Never Gonna Let You Go" to American R&B band Earth, Wind & Fire, but they decided not to record the song. Dionne Warwick had previously recorded the song, which appears on her 1982 album "Friends in Love".
Mendes, preparing for the release of his 1983 album, was quoted as saying, "All the other songs on the album were up and festive. I needed a ballad on the album, just to change the pace a bit." Mendes' version was a hit, matching the No. 4 peak of his previous best showing on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, "The Look of Love", in 1968. It spent four weeks at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary chart and peaked at No. 28 on the "Billboard" R&B chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19219667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219667" title="Valentin Nikolayev">
Valentin Nikolayev

Valentin Nikolayev may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19219673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219673" title="Lick the Tins">
Lick the Tins

Lick the Tins was a mid to late 1980s Celtic/folk rock/indie band from London. The name was derived from a nickname given to an old tramp by the children from the hometown of one of the band members, Ronan Heenan. They are best known for their cover version of "Can't Help Falling in Love".
Career.
"Can't Help Falling in Love" spent two months on the UK Singles Chart in 1986. Where the Elvis Presley version of the song was long and relaxed, Lick the Tin's version was so manic and fast that is was considerably less than three minutes long. As a result, three polkas were added to the end of the track to bring it to the desired length.
"Can't Help Falling in Love" featured in the Irish film "The Snapper". A Stephen Hague remixed version of the single was also featured in the John Hughes film "Some Kind of Wonderful".
Lick the Tins had two other minor singles, "Belle of Belfast City" and "In the Middle of the Night", after which Simon Ryan left the band and was replaced by Martin Hughes, another Ulsterman. Lick the Tins played the college and club circuits for another year, before the band broke up.

</doc>
<doc id="19219674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219674" title="Golan Heights Wind Farm">
Golan Heights Wind Farm

The Golan Heights Wind Farm is an Israeli wind farm located 1050 m above sea level on Mount Bnei Rasan 5 km south of Quneitra in the Golan Heights. 
History.
The wind farm was built in 1992 by the Mey Eden (Waters of Eden) mineral water company, supported by the Ministry of Energy and Infrastructure. It was Israel's first wind farm and the first commercial wind-power project in the Middle East.Installation commenced after an extensive wind resource assessment carried out in 20 sites in the Golan Heights for about three years.
The farm operates 10 Floda 600 wind turbines generating 6 MW in total. The energy is consumed by the Mey Eden plant, the Golan Heights Winery and about 20,000 people. The remaining energy is fed into the electrical grid. 
Development plans.
Mey Golan was granted a license to build a $500 million and 400 MW wind farm. The project consists of about 150 turbines over an area of 140 km2 in the northeastern Golan Heights, from the Druze village Majdal Shams to moshav Alonei HaBashan. The partnership between Mey Golan and US energy giant AES Corporation is worth $600 million.
According to the Israeli Foreign Ministry a number of wind farms are planned in the Galilee, the Arava and the Negev. Towards this end, work is being done to identify wind-intensive sites and set up licensing assistance to wind farm developers. 

</doc>
<doc id="19219676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219676" title="2000 Ireland rugby union tour of The Americas">
2000 Ireland rugby union tour of The Americas

2000 Ireland rugby union tour of the Americas. The 2000 Ireland national rugby union team summer tour saw them play three Test matches against Argentina, the United States and Canada. The touring party included two sets of brothers - Simon and Guy Easterby and David and Paul Wallace. The second Test against the United States remains Ireland’s biggest win to date. It also saw Ireland score their most points (83) and their most tries (13) in a single match. In the same game Mike Mullins scored a hat-trick of tries. The tour saw several Ireland players making their senior debuts. David Wallace and Peter McKenna both featured against Argentina. However, while Wallace would on go to become an established international and a British Lion, it proved to be the first and last senior cap for McKenna. Geordan Murphy, Guy Easterby, Tyrone Howe and Frankie Sheahan all made their senior Ireland debuts against the United States. Murphy and Easterby celebrated the occasion by scoring two tries each.

</doc>
<doc id="19219680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219680" title="Marketing buzz">
Marketing buzz

Marketing buzz or simply buzz — a term used in viral marketing — is the interaction of consumers and users of a product or service which serves to amplify the original marketing message, a vague but positive association, excitement, or anticipation about a product or service. Positive "buzz" is often a goal of viral marketing, public relations, and of advertising on Web 2.0 media. The term refers both to the execution of the marketing technique, and the resulting goodwill that is created. Examples of products with strong marketing buzz upon introduction were Harry Potter, the Volkswagen New Beetle, Pokémon, Beanie Babies, and the "Blair Witch Project".
The term "buzz marketing" originally referred to oral communication but in the age of Web 2.0, social media such as Facebook and Twitter are also being used to create marketing buzz.
Buzz marketing works because individuals are easier to trust than organizations that may be perceived to have vested interests in promoting their products and/or services.
It is possible for firms to track the marketing buzz of their products online using buzz monitoring. For some companies it is important to understand the buzz surrounding a product before committing to the market.

</doc>
<doc id="19219688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219688" title="Hazel Keech">
Hazel Keech

Hazel Keech (born circa 1987 as Rose Dawn) is a British actress and model. She has appeared in "Billa" and "Bodyguard" as well as a Suzuki advertisement. She danced in the Frankfinn Music remix item number, "Kahin Pe Nigahaen".
Biography.
Keech was born in Essex, England to a British father and a Mauritian mother. Despite, born to an English father and hailed in London, she speaks Urdu, Hindi and Creole with mother and maternal grandmother. She attended Beal High School in Redbridge. During her early years, she enrolled in both stage schools and Indian dance academies where she learnt various forms of dance, both Indian classical and western contemporary, along with acting and singing She performed in school musicals as well as amateur plays and continued with the arts through High School. Keech became involved in television, film and stage. She danced in the British programme "Miss Marple". The BBC documentary show "Call The Shots" showed her working in Hindi films. She joined the team of the Bollywood musical "Bombay Dreams" for their London promotional tour in 2002 and sang in the choir of the west-end musical "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" the following year. She was an extra in several of the Harry Potter films.
At 18, while holidaying in Mumbai, she received work offers and decided to stay back and pursue a modelling and acting career in India. Keech then appeared in various music videos as "Kahin Pe Nigahen" as well as many TV commercials, such as "Vivel" by ITC, & "Sprite" 'University of Freshology' commercial. Keech appeared in the 2007 Tamil film "Billa", where she performed an item number in the song "Sei Ethavathu". In 2011, she played a supporting role in the Hindi film "Bodyguard" produced by Atul Agnihotri and directed by Siddique. She has performed an item number titled "Aa Ante Amlapuram" in the film "Maximum". She has appeared in the reality television programmes " Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa (season 6)" and "Bigg Boss 7" where she was voted out by audience vote in the first week.

</doc>
<doc id="19219699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219699" title="Chief police officer">
Chief police officer

Chief police officer is a phrase used in the United Kingdom to describe the position held by the most senior police officer in a police force. It refers to either one of the 53 Chief Constables, the Commissioner of the City of London Police or the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police. Such police officers are members of the Association of Chief Police Officers. The phrase is used in legislation when giving powers such as those to permit public processions, or grant firearms licenses. Some such activities can usually be delegated to any constable.
Chief officer rank.
Officers holding the ranks of assistant chief constable, deputy chief constable, chief constable, and those holding the following ranks in either the Metropolitan Police Service or City of London Police: commander, deputy assistant commissioner, assistant commissioner, the deputy commissioner and the commissioner are also members of ACPO and are usually referred to as being of "chief officer" rank.

</doc>
<doc id="19219703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219703" title="Thank You, Mr. Moto (novel)">
Thank You, Mr. Moto (novel)

Thank You, Mr. Moto, was originally published in serial form in the "Saturday Evening Post" from February 8 to March 14, 1936, this novel was first published in book form in 1936. It is the second of six Mr. Moto novels and can also be found in the omnibus "Mr. Moto's Three Aces" published in 1939.
The Moto novels are spy fiction and adventure novels set in the Orient, which in the 1930s was still considered mysterious and exotic. Mr. Moto is an Imperial spy for the Japanese government and often has to deal with people who accidentally get involved in his work.
Plot summary.
An expatriate American, Tom Nelson, has been living in Peking (modern day Beijing) for some time and believes that he understands the Oriental mind. When he meets Eleanor Joyce he thinks that she is getting involved in matters way over her head when she agrees to meet with Major Jamison Best, a British ex-Army officer who sells stolen Chinese artifacts and art treasures.
After dinner with Best, Nelson tries to make sense of Best’s cryptic conversation concerning a Chinese bandit chief named Wu Lo Feng and the possibility of trouble brewing in Peking. On leaving dinner, he runs into Joyce whom he tries to persuade to not get involved in any scheme Best has going. She doesn’t listen to him but later he finds her wandering around outside of Best’s house, distraught.
The next day Major Best is found dead, killed by a bolt from a Chinese crossbow. Mr. Moto is investigating the murder and he tells Nelson not to get involved with what is going on. Nelson doesn’t listen to him and goes to warn Joyce since she was the last to see Best alive. Nelson soon discovers that Moto has made Best’s murder seem like a suicide.
When he returns home someone tries to kill Nelson with a Chinese crossbow. Moto arrives and Nelson thinks he is the murderer. Cool and calm despite having a gun pointed at him, Moto once again warns Nelson not to interfere and offers him a chance to escape Peking on the next steamer. When Moto leaves, Nelson discovers that Wu Lo Feng is there ready to kill him.
After escaping, Nelson goes to Joyce’s hotel to convince her to leave. She refuses and Nelson sees that she has an ancient Chinese scroll that Best mentioned and that a curio dealer, Pu had offered to him. 
Nelson and Joyce take the scroll to Prince Tung, a friend of Nelson’s. Nelson discovers that Joyce is a museum buyer sent to Peking to buy a set of eight ancient scrolls. Tung is shocked to discover that someone has promised all eight scrolls to Joyce since seven of them are in his private vault. The situation becomes dire when Wu’s men arrive and kidnap Nelson, Joyce and Tung. Soon after they arrive at their prison, an abandoned temple, Mr. Moto is brought in as yet another prisoner. Moto explains the situation to them. 
A rival political party in Japan believes that their country is not advancing fast enough. These militant Japanese led by Mr. Takahara have hired Wu Lo Feng to cause a military disturbance in Peking. Major Best was to raise money for the campaign by selling the eight scrolls that were stolen from Prince Tung. Best double-crossed Wu by selling information to Mr. Moto, and so was killed.
Wu Lo Feng arrives with Takahara to finalize their plans for Peking. Nelson, Tung and Moto are certain to be killed but are philosophical about their plight. However, Joyce makes an unexpected move and grabs Wu’s gun. They all escape after tying up Takahara and Wu. Moto organizes the Peking police to stop the uprising and they all retire to Nelson’s home. Tung admonishes Nelson for not killing Wu since he is sure to retaliate. When Moto arrives he admits that he liquidated both Takahara and Wu to guarantee everyone’s safety. They all profusely thank Mr. Moto.
Themes.
Marquand’s Moto books are all generally about a clash of cultures between Asia and the West. In this novel, however, Nelson represents both the American and the Chinese way of thinking. Written in the first person from his point of view, Nelson admires the Chinese but is constantly reminded that he will never be part of their culture. Sometimes Nelson is praised by this Chinese friend Prince Tung for displaying the proper Chinese way of acting, and sometimes he is chastised for being too illogical, too Western. However, it was Eleanor Joyce’s highly illogical action of grabbing the bandit’s gun that ultimately saves their lives. 
Nelson and Joyce's budding romance and the Chinese scrolls are just minor complications set against the larger backdrop of Sino-Japanese relations. Moto as a conservative member of the Japanese Government is there to see that Japan advances at a slow and reasonable rate. Takahara represents the more militant Japanese who do not mind leaving chaos in their wake.
But, the ever-polite Moto wants to maintain a balance between the old and the new. In one scene Prince Tung, representing China’s past and Mr. Moto, representing its future, politely share a cup of tea. Nelson, the Western outsider, watches from a distance but doesn't participate. 
Americans at the time may have been uncertain about the Japanese expansion into China but Marquand gives Moto the opportunity to defend the actions of his country:
A disturbance happens, anywhere in China, and my nation is always blamed for it. It is hard; very, very hard. Did not your own great country seize a large part of Mexico in the past century, Mr. Nelson? And what of Britain's colonizing efforts? The British Empire has always held out a helping hand to distressed and backward nations. Yet if my own poor country tries in the most altruistic way to settle even the smallest Chinese difficulty, there are notes of protest and inflammatory passages in the press.
Ultimately, however, Mr. Moto is a decent man who goes out of his way to make sure everyone remains safe.
Film adaptation.
This novel was used as the basis for the movie "Thank You, Mr. Moto" starring Peter Lorre and produced in 1937 by 20th Century Fox. The film is only loosely based on the novel, retaining only a few character names and very little of the overall plot.

</doc>
<doc id="19219728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219728" title="2002 Ireland rugby union tour of New Zealand">
2002 Ireland rugby union tour of New Zealand

The matches.
New Zealand: 15.Leon MacDonald, 14.Doug Howlett, 13.Tana Umaga, 12.Aaron Mauger, 11.Caleb Ralph, 10.Andrew Mehrtens, 9.Justin Marshall, 8.Scott Robertson, 7.Richie McCaw, 6.Reuben Thorne (capt.), 5.Norm Maxwell, 4.Chris Jack, 3.Greg Somerville, 2.Mark Hammett, 1.Dave Hewett, - "replacements:" Daryl Gibson, Joe McDonnell, Jonah Lomu - "No entry :" Tom Willis, Taine Randell, Marty Holah, Byron Kelleher
Ireland: 15.Girvan Dempsey, 14.Geordan Murphy, 13.Brian O'Driscoll, 12.John Kelly, 11.Justin Bishop, 10.Ronan O'Gara, 9.Peter Stringer, 8.Anthony Foley, 7.Keith Gleeson, 6.Simon Easterby, 5.Paul O'Connell, 4.Gary Longwell, 3.John Hayes, 2.Keith Wood (capt.), 1.Reggie Corrigan, - "replacements:" Malcolm O'Kelly, David Humphreys - "No entry:" Shane Byrne, Paul Wallace, Alan Quinlan, Guy Easterby, Mel Deane
New Zealand: 15.Leon MacDonald, 14.Jonah Lomu, 13.Mark Robinson, 12.Aaron Mauger, 11.Caleb Ralph, 10.Andrew Mehrtens, 9.Justin Marshall, 8.Scott Robertson, 7.Richie McCaw, 6.Reuben Thorne (capt.), 5.Norm Maxwell, 4.Chris Jack, 3.Greg Somerville, 2.Mark Hammett, 1.Dave Hewett, - "replacements:" 17.Joe McDonnell, 18.Simon Maling, 19.Marty Holah, 20.Byron Kelleher, 21.Daryl Gibson, 22.Doug Howlett - "No entry :" Tom Willis
Ireland: 15.Girvan Dempsey, 14.Geordan Murphy, 13.Brian O'Driscoll, 12.John Kelly, 11.Justin Bishop, 10.Ronan O'Gara, 9.Peter Stringer, 8.Anthony Foley, 7.Keith Gleeson, 6.Simon Easterby, 5.Malcolm O'Kelly, 4.Gary Longwell, 3.John Hayes, 2.Keith Wood (capt.), 1.Reggie Corrigan, - "replacements:" 16.Shane Byrne, 17.Paul Wallace, 18.Leo Cullen, 19.Alan Quinlan , 21.David Humphreys- "No entry:" 20.Guy Easterby, 22.Mel Deane

</doc>
<doc id="19219729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219729" title="Lavallee Lake, Saskatchewan">
Lavallee Lake, Saskatchewan

Lavallee Lake is the site of the second largest breeding colony of white pelicans in Canada. It is in an access-controlled area at the northern boundary of Prince Albert National Park. It is a Class I Special Protection Zone, the only such zone that fully protects a white pelican colony in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19219730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219730" title="Swathi">
Swathi

Swathi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19219756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219756" title="Daniel Dobbins">
Daniel Dobbins

Daniel Dobbins (January 5, 1776 – February 29, 1856) was a sailing master in the United States Navy and captain in the United States Revenue Cutter Service. He fought in the War of 1812 and was in charge of the building of the ships at Erie, Pennsylvania that Oliver Hazard Perry commanded in the Battle of Lake Erie.
Early life.
He was born on January 5, 1776 (date from Dobbins' headstone, Erie Cemetery) in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania, near Lewistown. He traveled to Erie in 1795 with Judah Colt and a group of surveyors with the Pennsylvania Population Company. Colt's interest in expanding into lake transportation is what causes Dobbins to eventually become a merchant mariner. In 1809, Dobbins, with Rufus S. Reed, purchases the schooner "Charlotte", which he renamed the "Salina".
Dobbins was known as being a man of "remarkable temperament" who was a known prankster. A biographer described one of his pranks: "On one occasion, while anchored by a group of islands near the west end of Lake Erie, Barney decided to explore one of the islands and left in a small boat with his gun and dog. He promised he would be back shortly. Dobbins got tired of waiting, and hoping to frighten his friend a bit, pulled anchor and sailed around the island out of sight of the unsuspecting Barney. He naturally planned to return after his friend had several moments of panic, but a sudden storm arose and forced Dobbins away from the island. Assured that his friend was in no danger, he returned to the port of Erie. Poor Barney remained on the island for three days until the weather cleared and he was rescued."
War of 1812.
While in port at Mackinac Island, Dobbins, along with Rufus S. Reed and William W. Reed were captured when the British raided Fort Michilimackinac on July 17, 1812. They were paroled after they took an oath that they would not "take up arms against the United Kingdom," which Dobbins refused to take. The British ordered that he, along with the other prisoners of war, sail to Fort Malden. Instead, Dobbins met up with General William Hull at Fort Detroit, where Dobbins was again taken prisoner when General Hull surrendered Detroit to the British on August 16, 1812. When it was realized that Dobbins had broken his promise by "taking up arms in the defense of Detroit" and was in danger of being executed, British Colonel Robert Nichols, a friend of Dobbins before the war, granted him safe passage to Cleveland, Ohio.
After arriving back in Erie, Dobbins traveled to Washington, D.C. and briefed the United States Secretary of the Navy Paul Hamilton on the surrenders of Fort Michilimackinac and Detroit and the strength of the British navy on Lake Erie. When asked where the best place to build ships, Dobbin "unhesitatingly" said Presque Isle because "no finer oak grew than was to be found there, close to the water's edge, and in the land-locked harbor the vessels, when built, could ride in security." Before Dobbins left Washington, D.C., he was given the dimensions of a small gunboat and was made a sailing master in the Navy. After arriving back in Erie, Dobbins set about building a fleet as directed by Secretary Hamilton.
In 1813, upon completion of the fleet, Dobbins was given command of the , a former merchant vessel. On August 17, the fleet departed Erie and headed to Sandusky, Ohio to wait for the British fleet. On August 22, Dobbins was sent with the USS "Ohio" back to Erie to resupply with fresh provisions. In early September, he was again sent back to Erie for resupply. Dobbins returned to Sandusky on September 13, 1813, three days after the battle.
For the rest of the war, Dobbins and the USS "Ohio" transported supplies to Detroit for the use during the ground offensives of the war.
Revenue Cutter Service.
In 1816, Dobbins navigated the waters of Green Bay, with Colonel John Miller, to establish a fort at the head of the bay. He resigned his naval commission in 1826.
Dobbins lobbied hard for the establishment of a United States Revenue Cutter Service, for-runner to the United States Coast Guard, station at Erie. He was appointed commander of the USRC "Benjamin Rush" in 1829 by United States President Andrew Jackson after its former commander, Gilbert Knapp, publicly called Jackson "a cutthroat and a murderer." In 1834, Dobbins was given command of the USRC "Erie". Dobbins, being a Jackson Democrat, was removed from command and Knapp reinstated when William Henry Harrison, a Whig, was elected in 1841. Dobbins was reinstated in 1845 by President James K. Polk and was put in command of the USRC "Taney" in Norfolk, Virginia from 1845 to 1846. Dobbins, who was not pleased with his new command away from Lake Erie, took a leave of absence and was eventually assigned back to the USRC "Erie" in 1847. He was removed from command and Knapp reinstated again with the election of Zachary Taylor in 1848. The Coast Guard maintains a station at Erie to this day. 
Dobbins died in Erie on February 29, 1856 and was buried in the Erie Cemetery. His papers are in the collection of the Buffalo History Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19219760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219760" title="Fred Falke">
Fred Falke

Frédérick "Fred" Falke is a French house producer and DJ.
Falke started out as a bass player before turning his hand to production work. His first record, a collaboration with Alan Braxe named "Intro", which sampled The Jets' 1987 hit "Crush on You", was released in 2000 on Vulture Music.
The pair would form a very productive partnership releasing a handful of singles and becoming in-demand remixers for the likes of Goldfrapp, Röyksopp, Kelis and Justice. The partnership would last until 2008 when they went their separate ways.
Falke has also collaborated with France-based German producer, DJ and close friend Kris Menace, as well as releasing records on Menace's label Work It Baby. In addition, he has collaborated on various other productions with artists such as Savage, Miami Horror and Knightlife.
Fred Falke is an in-demand producer, writer and has worked with the likes of Ellie Goulding, Amelia Lily, Florrie, Will Young and Alexander Burke to name just a few. As a remixer, he has also worked for a number of mainstream rock and electronic artists such as Little Boots, Gossip, U2, Annie, Grizzly Bear, Uffie, Ladyhawke, Florrie, Lykke Li, La Roux among many others.
Falke has also worked with Xenomania.

</doc>
<doc id="19219768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219768" title="Brejo do Cruz">
Brejo do Cruz

Brejo do Cruz is a city located in the sertão of Paraíba, Brazil. The musician Zé Ramalho was born here. 

</doc>
<doc id="19219775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219775" title="Alexandr Mikhailovych Kondratov">
Alexandr Mikhailovych Kondratov

Alexandr Mikhailovych Kondratov (; October 3, 1937, Smolensk - April 16, 1993, St.Petersburg) was a Russian linguist, biologist, journalist and poet. He wrote many books on subjects as various as ancient and modern languages, history, mathematics, paleontology, geology, cryptozoology, Atlantis, and he also wrote poetry. He was the first Russian to write a monography about dinosaurs purportedly surviving into modern times 

</doc>
<doc id="19219786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219786" title="Prizefighter series">
Prizefighter series

The Prizefighter series is a professional boxing tournament created by boxing promoter Barry Hearn and aired on Sky Sports. The format has an initial eight fighters, who compete in four quarter-finals of 3 x 3 minute rounds (number and length of the rounds is same as in amateur boxing) followed by two semi-finals and one final all on the same night. The total prize money of the tournament is £80,000 with the winner of the tournament taking home £32,000, a figure that has increased from the initial top prize of £25,000 when the tournament first aired in April 2008. There have been 29 Prizefighter tournaments so far featuring 14 different weight divisions. Since February 2012, betting company Betfair have been the title sponsors of the tournaments, with the series now called the 'Betfair Prizefighter series'.
Prizefighter 1: The Heavyweights.
The first Prizefighter took place at York Hall, Bethnal Green in April 2008. The event was televised live on Sky Sports and saw 8 heavyweight fighters compete for the title. Competitors for the first series were Martin Rogan, David Dolan, Dave Ferguson, Billy Bessey, Alex Ibbs, Darren Morgan, Paul Butlin and Colin Kenna.
Martin Rogan and David Dolan met in the final each boasting unbeaten records of 9-0. Rogan won after three rounds of boxing in which Dolan had been knocked down twice. Dolan was possibly still feeling the effects of a gruelling first round in which a punishing left hook from Darren Morgan had him out on his feet and holding on.
Prizefighter 2: The Heavyweights II.
The second tournament was held at the Telewest Arena in Newcastle in September 2008, and involved Sam Sexton, Pele Reid, Luke Simpkin, Dave Ferguson, Chris Burton, David Ingleby, Lee Swaby and Darren Morgan. The draw for the first round of fights was made by reigning British champion Danny Williams. Speaking before the tournament, competitor Luke Simpkin said "This could change my life if I win it", initially a substitute he was brought in to replace Ian Millarvie who had sustained an injury. Of his tactics for the tournament Simpkin said "There’s no tactics involved in my game and attack is the best form of defence so I will just attack. You haven’t got much time to plan anything so I will just go out there, have a good time and try my best".
On the night it was the Norwich heavyweight Sam Sexton who came out on top with wins over Pelé Reid in the quarter-final, Luke Simpkin in the semi-finals and the hometown favourite Chris Burton in the final. After the win Sexton praised his tactics saying ""The night went exactly how we planned it, we had a gameplan for each fight worked out before we came tonight". On his future aspirations he added "At 24-years-old I still haven't got my man strength as yet, and I know I can keep improving, hopefully next year I can get a shot at British title, I will keep getting stronger and stronger."" 
Prizefighter 3: The Welterweights.
Prizefighter 3 took place on 24 October 2008 back at the York Hall and featured a different weight class to the previous two events with welterweights competing for the main prize. Fighters taking part in the competition were former European champion Ted Bami; English champions Nigel Wright and Ross Minter; Former ABA champion Michael Lomax; Commonwealth challenger Craig Dickson; Midlands Area champion Mark Lloyd; Former IBO light middleweight champion Steve Conway and Andrew Ferrans.
Michael Lomax won the tournament with wins over Craig Dickson, Nigel Wright and Ted Bami in the final. Lomax had been confident before the tournament had even begun despite not being the favourite to lift the trophy saying ""I am confident I'll win...no one is as dedicated as me, what you put in is what you get out"". He claimed that it was the best night of his career so far and raised hopes that this was the launchpad for his career saying "“Hopefully this will be the break my career needs and as I said afterwards this wasn't about the money I won, but the glory I have enjoyed from this competition.”" The result wasn't without controversy however as many people watching at ringside as well as the commentators on Sky thought that Lomax had actually lost his semi-final against Nigel Wright. The judges however thought differently and scored a split decision win for the eventual champion. A shocked Wright speaking after the bout said ""I'm absolutely disgusted – how could they rob me like that...One judge gave Lomax all three which is unbelievable...I can't remember Michael hitting me with a clean shot.""
Prizefighter 4: The Middleweights.
Prizefighter 4 took place again at the York Hall this time on 21 November 2008. The tournament featured Middleweights Paul Samuels, Danny Butler, Max Maxwell, Steve Ede, Cello Renda, Danny Thornton, Joe Rea and Martin Murray. It also formed part of a Sky Box Office show featuring the Ricky Hatton fight with Paulie Malignaggi as the main event.
Martin Murray won the tournament and the £25,000 prize money following wins over Joe Rea, Danny Butler and then in the final Cello Renda. The final itself saw Renda getting knocked down and with both fighters coming out swinging and fighting toe to toe.
Prizefighter 5: The Light Heavyweights.
The fifth instalment of the Prizefighter franchise took place on 20 February 2009 with the weight division on this occasion being light heavyweight. Boxers taking part in the competition were Courtney Fry, Shon Davies, Tony Oakey, Billy Boyle, Bob Ajisafe, Carl Dilks, Darren Stubbs and Steve Spartacus. Former British champion Tony Oakey eventually won the tournament having defeated Billy Boyle and Courtney Fry on the way to a final win over Darren Stubbs. 
Prizefighter 6: The Lightweights.
The sixth installment of the Prizefighter franchise took place on 24 March 2009 at the Kelvin Hall, Scotland with the weight division on this occasion being lightweight. Boxers taking part in the competition were Ryan Brawley, Ben Murphy, Paul Holborn, Charlie King, Gary McArthur, Steve Saville, Stephen Burke and Stuart Green. Brawley won the tournament with victories over Murphy, Holborn and Burke in the final.
Prizefighter 7: The Cruiserweights.
The seventh instalment of the Prizefighter franchise took place on 19 May 2009 at Earls Court Exhibition Centre, London with the weight division on this occasion being cruiserweight. Boxers taking part in the competition were Darren Corbett, Terry Dunstan, Dean Francis, John Keeton, Ovill McKenzie, Bruce Scott, Neil Simpson (boxer)|Neil Simpson and Mickey Steeds. Mark Krence was originally drafted in, but replaced by McKenzie after he was forced to withdraw due to injury. McKenize went on to win the title scoring wins over Dunstan, Corbett and Keeton in the final.
Prizefighter 8: The Heavyweights III.
The eighth tournament was held on 2 October 2009, it was originally due to be held at the York Hall in Bethnal Green, but was moved to the larger ExCeL London due to demand for tickets, increasing the potential attendance by 5,000. The boxers involved initially were Danny Williams, Audley Harrison, Michael Sprott, Scott Gammer, Scott Belshaw, Michael Holden, Coleman Barrett and Danny Hughes.
Carl Baker was eventually drafted in to take the place of Michael Holden after the BBBofC refused permission for Holden to fight after voicing concerns over his lack of activity over recent years in the ring. Sprott withdrew following a family bereavement and was replaced by Neil Perkins.
The quarter final draw took place on 11 September at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada by Mike Tyson alongside Matchroom Sports chairman Barry Hearn.
Former Olympic gold medalist Audley Harrison eventually won the title having defeated Scott Belshaw, Danny Hughes and Coleman Barrett. Reigning British heavyweight champion Danny Williams, lost in the first round to substitute boxer Carl Baker, with Baker knocking him down four times over the course of the three round contest. The defeat to Baker also meant that Williams would be stripped of his British title.
Prizefighter 9: The Light Welterweights.
On 4 December 2009, the tournament saw the light welterweight's competing for the first time. Amongst the contestants was Gavin Rees, the first former World champion to compete in the tournament's history. The competition also had a number of European champions competing with Colin Lynes, Jason Cook and Ted Bami, a man who had also reached the final of the Welterweight prizefighter tournament in October 2008. Former British champions David Barnes and Young Mutley also took part as did unbeaten fighter Michael Grant and Welshman Barrie Jones. The draw for the competition was conducted by Floyd Mayweather, Jr..
Gavin Rees, who was supported at ringside by Joe Calzaghe, eventually picked up the trophy and £32,000 prize money after defeating all three former European champions in Ted Bami, Jason Cook and Colin Lynes in the final.
Prizefighter 10: The Light Middleweights.
On 26 February 2010, Prizefighter returned to the York Hall and featured the first outing for the light middleweight division. Among the contestants were former British champion Neil Sinclair and former Commonwealth champion Bradley Pryce. The tournament also featured former middleweight semi finalist Danny Butler, Midlands Area champion Martin Concepcion, unbeaten boxers Steve O'Meara and Brett Flournoy as well as George Hillyard and Prince Arron.
In a tournament that proved difficult to predict, Droylsden boxer Prince Arron scored an upset win after beating Hillyard in the quarter final, Pryce in the semis and then knocking down the unbeaten former ABA champion Flournoy in the final.
Prizefighter 11: The Cruiserweights II.
On 30 April 2010, Prizefighter was at the York Hall once again and featured the second outing for the cruiserweight division. The main contender was two-time WBO world heavyweight champion Herbie Hide. Also in contention were former Commonwealth champion Darren Corbett and unbeaten prospect Jon-Lewis Dickinson. The tournament also featured former English heavyweight champion Mark Krence as well as novices Leon Williams, Zahid Kahut, John Anthony and Wayne Brooks.
Hide comfortably won his quarter-final against Brooks but suffered a cut after a clash of heads in the bout. He was forced to withdraw and was replaced by reserve Nick Okoth, a firefighter, who at been at work earlier in the day. He won a coin toss against Preston's Paul Morris to replace Hide. Journeyman Okoth, who had a record of 8-27-5 going into the tournament, pulled off the biggest win of his career with a UD victory against Corbett and faced Dickinson in the final who had knocked out Krence in his semi final bout. Dickinson dominated the final and knocked out Okoth in the final round to take the trophy and £32,000 cash prize.
Prizefighter 12: The Super Bantamweights.
On 29 May 2010, Prizefighter was at the York Hall once again and featured the first outing for the super-bantamweight division. The original line-up included former WBC world bantamweight champion Wayne McCullough, former British, Commonwealth and European champion Esham Pickering, former English champion Mark Moran and unbeaten prospects Craig Lyon and Ricky Owen. Josh Wale, Chris Riley and Gavin Reid completed the line up. McCullough, Lyon and Riley withdrew in the weeks leading up to the tournament and were replaced by 2002 Commonwealth Games gold medallist Jamie Arthur, undefeated Irishman Willie Casey, and Robbie Turley.
The opening bout between Moran and Casey was the only one to finish inside the distance. The remaining quarter-finals were all decided on split decisions with Pickering being the main casualty, being defeated by Josh Wale. In the semi-finals, Casey defeated Wale in a thrilling contest in which 532 punches were thrown in just three rounds. Owen maintained his unbeaten record with a victory over Jamie Arthur, however he was unable to progress to the final after injuries sustained in the fight. He was forced to withdraw and was replaced by young Paul McElhinney, a Scotsman who was undefeated in four fights and won a coin toss against Slough's Ian Bailey to replace Owen. Despite having already fought two bouts Casey was able to win the final by unanimous decision.
Prizefighter 13: The Super Middleweights.
On 30 June 2010, the first ever super middleweights Prizefighter took place in York Hall, London. The original line up featured former British champions Tony Dodson and Tony Quigley, former English champion Paul David, former BBofC Celtic champion Stevie McGuire, former British Masters champion Eddie McIntosh, as well as Daniel Cadman and Peter Fedorenko. For the first time, it was decided that the eighth competitor would be decided by an online public vote. The winner of the vote was former BBofC Southern Area champion Tony Salam. In the build up to the event, Dodson, McGuire, Quigley and Salam all withdrew, and were replaced by Gambia-born Patrick Mendy, who at 19 years old was the youngest ever Prizefighter contender, former Midlands Area champion Sam Horton, former Western Area champion Carl Drake, and unbeaten Welshman Jeff Evans.
Mendy was the eventual winner of the tournament, breaking the record for fastest Prizefighter knockout when he defeated Sam Horton after 82 seconds, and then became the youngest Prizefighter winner as well as competitor when he defeated Paul David in the final.
Prizefighter 14: The Heavyweights IV.
On 9 October 2010, the York Hall played host to the fourth outing for the heavyweights as part of the Prizefighter series. Contestants taking part included the former British, European and Commonwealth champion Matt Skelton and the former British and Commonwealth champion Michael Sprott. Other boxers taking part included Kevin McBride, the last man to beat Mike Tyson, Franklin Egobi, Ali Adams, Shane McPhilbin, Declan Timlin and Danny Hughes. The tournament was won by Sprott who beat Danny Hughes in the quarter finals, Shane McPhilbin in the semis and Matt Skelton in the final. The fight against Skelton in particular was notable for Sprott in that it was the third time the two had met in the ring with Skelton having won the previous two fights. Sprott himself was also coming into the tournament on the back of a defeat in a European title challenge to Audley Harrison, the winner of the previous Prizefighter tournament featuring heavyweights.
Prizefighter 15: The Super Featherweights.
On 21 November 2010, again at the York Hall, the 15th installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased boxers from the super featherweight division for the first time. Contestants taking part included the reigning British champion Gary Sykes and a former British and European title challenger in Gary Buckland. Ben Murphy and Gary McArthur had both previously contested the lightweight installment of the Prizefighter tournament on 24 March 2009.
Prizefighter 16: The Light Heavyweights II.
On 29 January 2011, at the Olympia, London, the 16th installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased boxers from the light heavyweight division for the second time. Former British champion Tony Dodson was the biggest name involved.
The winner of the tournament was Travis Dickinson, whose brother Jon-Lewis Dickinson won Prizefighter at cruiserweight in April 2010. Dickinson beat Llewellyn Davies, Justin Jones and Sam Couzens to win the title - Jones and Couzens stepping in as reserves after the withdrawals of Dodson and Jack Morris due to injury.
Prizefighter 17: The Super Middleweights II.
The second version of the super middleweight tournament took place in Liverpool on 23 March 2011 and saw a hometown winner in Rocky Fielding. Fielding became the first man to win the tournament by scoring three stoppages in a row beating the likes of Patrick J Maxwell (stoppage in the 2nd), Joe Ainscough (stoppage in the 1st) and Tobias Webb (stoppage in the 1st).
Prizefighter 18: The International Heavyweights.
On 7 May 2011, at Alexandra Palace, London, the 18th installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased an international field of boxers from heavyweight division for the first time.
The winner of the tournament was Mike Perez. Perez beat Kerston Manswell, Gregory Tony and Tye Fields to win the title - dispatching both opponents in the semi-final and final, Tony and Fields respectively, by first round stoppage.
Prizefighter 19: The Welterweights II.
On 7 June 2011, at York Hall, Bethnal Green, the 19th installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased a field of boxers from the welterweight division for the second time that included former world champion Junior Witter.
Moroccan fighter Yassine El Maachi won the tournament, beating Peter McDonagh, Colin Lynes and pre-tournament favourite Junior Witter by unanimous, split and majority decisions respectively to claim the Prizefighter trophy.
El Maachi suffered a serious knee injury and has not boxed since.
Prizefighter 20: The Light Middleweights II.
On 15 September 2011, at York Hall, Bethnal Green, the 20th installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased a field of boxers from the light middleweight division.
Robert Lloyd-Taylor won the tournament, beating Takaloo by split decision in the quarter-finals, Peter Vaughan by TKO 15 seconds from the end of the semi-final and earned a unanimous points victory over Liverpudlian Nick Quigley in the final.
^ Kris Agyei-Dua won 29-28 on referee Terry O'Connor's card after the judges scored the contest a majority draw.
Prizefighter 21: The Super Flyweights.
On 12 October 2011, at the Liverpool Olympia, the 21st installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased a field of boxers from the super flyweight division for the first time.
Lee Haskins won the tournament, getting through all his fights by unanimous decision. He beat Terry Broadbent in the quarter-final, Ryan Farrag in the semi-final and overcame Don Broadhurst in the final.
Prizefighter 22: The Featherweights.
On 29 October 2011, at York Hall, Bethnal Green, the 22nd installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased another weight division first, this time it was a field of boxers from the featherweight division.
Mongolian veteran Choi Tseveenpurev won the tournament, with the fan-favorite beating Lee Glover in the quarter-final with a second round KO, before eliminating George Jupp in the semi-final and overcoming Welshman Rhys Roberts in the final.
Prizefighter 23: The Light Welterweights II.
On 11 February 2012, at Civic Hall, Wolverhampton, the 23rd installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased fighters from the light-welterweight division for the second time.
Rising star Adil Anwar won the tournament, winning all three of his fights by unanimous decision. Anwar beat Barry Morrison in the quarter-final, before eliminating the heavily supported John Watson in the semi-final and overcame a spirited effort from Tyrone Nurse in the final to lift the Prizefighter trophy.
Prizefighter 24: All-Irish Middleweights.
On 5 May 2012, the Prizefighter series went to Belfast for the first time. At the King's Hall, Belfast, the 24th installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased Irish fighters from the middleweight division. It was the first Prizefighter event that Betfair were title sponsors.
Former amateur star Eamonn O'Kane won the tournament to the crowd's delight. He beat Anthony Fitzgerald by split decision in the quarter-final, before eliminating Ryan Greene in the semi-final with a brutal first round knockout and overcame the long reach of JJ McDonagh in the final to take home the £32,000 winners cheque.
Prizefighter 25: The International Heavyweights II.
On 20 June 2012, at York Hall, Bethnal Green, the 25th installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased an international field of fighters from the heavyweight division for the second time. In a first for Prizefighter, grime star Clement Marfo performed his single 'Champion' in the ring before the action begun.
American Tor Hamer shocked the bookies when he beat the pre-tournament favorite, the fast talking fellow yank Kevin Johnson, in the final to win the £32,000. Hamer, who holds a university degree, had beaten the Brazilian big hitter Marcelo Luis Nascimento in the quarters and the Englishman Tom Dallas in the semis to reach the last two.
Prizefighter 26: The Lightweights II.
On 6 October 2012, at Liverpool Olympia, the 26th installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased field of Liverpudlian and Mancunian fighters from the lightweight division. Dubbed 'Rocky and the Betfair Prizefighters', previous Prizefighter winner Rocky Fielding took on Carl Dilks for the vacant English super-middleweight title after the Prizefighter tournament. The eight man line-up was described by many in the build-up as the best ever and included former British title holders Derry Mathews, Gary Sykes and Anthony Crolla.
Mancunian Terry Flannigan defied the odds to maintain his unbeaten record and win the coveted Betfair Prizefighter trophy. Flannigan, a 10-1 shot at the start of the night, claimed the £32,000 winner’s cheque with a split decision victory over Gary Sykes in the final, having overcome Patrick Liam Walsh in his quarter-final and a bloodied Derry Mathews in the semi-final.
Prizefighter 27: The Light Middleweights III.
On 3 November 2012, at York Hall, Bethnal Green, the 27th installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased a field of fighters from the light middleweight division. The eight participants were: Craig McEwan 21(10)-2, Navid Mansouri 8(3)-0-1, Curtis Valentine 5(4)-2, Terry Carruthers 11(1)-13-6, Kris Carslaw 16(4)-2, Ryan Toms 11(6)-3-1, Larry Ekundayo 2(1)-0 and Peter Vaughan 6(1)-1-1.
In the build up to the competition promoter Eddie Hearn announced that he had added a new knockout bonus, with £2,000 handed out for every stoppage on the night. “I think the new knockout bonus will make things very interesting,” said Hearn. “The last Prizefighter in Liverpool was a cracker but we didn't have one stoppage or KO in the event. It's what the fans want to see and with this incentive, I believe the fighters will be more inclined to get their opponent out of there before the final bell.”
Local fighter Larry Ekundayo, coming into the competition with only two fight's experience, defied the odds to win the coveted Betfair Prizefighter trophy. Ekundayo, who became his manager Spencer Fearon's second Prizefighter champ after Choi won last year, claimed the £32,000 winner’s cheque plus a £2,000 KO bonus with a stoppage victory over Terry Carruthers in the final. He had previously beaten two Scot's to get there with a win over the pre-tournament favourite, Craig McEwan, in the opening quarter-final and Kris Carslaw in the semi.
Prizefighter 28: The Welterweights III.
On 19 January 2013, at the Civic Hall, Wolverhampton, the 28th installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased a field of fighters from the welterweight division. The tournament saw the greatest number of unbeaten fighters enter, with six men starting the night with their '0' intact. The eight participants were: Mark Thompson 24(14)-2, Rob Hunt 16(1)-1-2, Sam Eggington 3(0)-0, Dale Evans 4(3)-0-1, Chad Gaynor 9(4)-0, Calum Cooper 4(0)-0, Steven Pearce 6(1)-0 and Glenn Foot 7(4)-0.
Sunderland fighter Glenn Foot maintained his unbeaten record to win the new-look Betfair Prizefighter trophy. Foot claimed the £32,000 winner’s cheque as well as the £2,000 stoppage bonus the 24 year old earned after a second round TKO victory over Steven Pearce in the quarter-final. Foot overcome Chad Gaynor in an absorbing semi-final contest before edging out Welsh 21 year old Dale Evans in the final.
Prizefighter 29: The International Heavyweights III.
On 23 February 2013, at York Hall in Bethnal Green, London, the 29th installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased an international field of eight heavyweight fighters from five different countries.
The tournament saw two fighters hoping to become second time Prizefighter champions, Audley Harrison and Martin Rogan. The other six participants were: Derric Rossy, Ian Lewison, Travis Walker, Albert Sosnowski, Claus Bertino and Timo Hoffmann.
Audley Harrison, 2000 Olympics gold medalist, rolled back the years to become the first ever two-time Prizefighter champion and win the new-look Betfair Prizefighter trophy. He claimed the £32,000 winner’s cheque as well as £4,000 in stoppage bonuses the 41 year old earned after TKO victories in the quarter-final and the final. Harrison overcome Martin Rogan, keeping the Belfast fighter at the end of his jab, in an absorbing semi-final contest before stopping American Derric Rossy in the second round of the final.
Prizefighter 30: The Cruiserweights III.
On 18 May 2013, at York Hall in Bethnal Green, London, the 30th installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased a field of eight Cruiserweight fighters from the UK.
The tournament saw one of the most inexperienced fields seen in Prizefighter. Danny McIntosh (13-4), coming down from light-heavyweight, with 17 bouts on his record was the veteran of the group. The other six participants were: Wadi Camacho (6-1), Conall Carmichael (4-0), Tony Conquest (10-1), Neil Dawson (11-1), Shane McPhilbin (8-6), Nathan Owens (5-0-1) and Hari Miles (7-7).
Prizefighter 31: The Light Welterweights III.
On 6 July 2013, at York Hall in Bethnal Green, London, the 31st installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased a field of eight light-welterweight fighters from the UK.
The tournament saw an almost exclusive field of London-based fighters take part in this edition of Prizefighter. Eventual winner, Welshman Chris Jenkins (7-0), came in to replace injured Chris Evangelou to buck the cockney trend. The other seven participants were: Southern Area champ Danny Connor (8-5-1), Southern Area lightweight belt holder Liam Shinkwin (6-0-1), Charlie Rice (6-0), Ryan Taylor (7-1-1), Matty Tew (12-1), Eren Arif (3-0) and Tony Owen (14-1).
Prizefighter 32: UK vs. USA International Heavyweights.
On 14 November 2013, at York Hall in Bethnal Green, London, the 32nd installment of the Prizefighter competition showcased a field of eight heavyweight fighters from the UK and the USA.
The tournament saw a field of eight fighters, four from the UK and four from the USA, take part in this special edition of Prizefighter.
Former Prizefighter finalist Michael Sprott was joined by Hackney’s Larry Olubamiwo, Milton Keynes’ Matt Legg and Hertfordshire’s Tom Little in Team UK, who faced up to a Team USA boasting former three-weight World Champion James Toney in its ranks. Toney was joined in the US quartet by Californian Damian Wills, former World Cruiserweight challenger Brian Minto and Florida’s Jason Gavern.
In the Prizefighter prospect slots, Olympic Gold medal hero Anthony Joshua MBE fought Croatian Hrvoje Kisicek in his third pro fight while Cruiserweight prospect Ben Ileyemi clashed with Moses Matovu in his second pro outing.

</doc>
<doc id="19219787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219787" title="Paul Laurence Dunbar High School (Fort Worth, Texas)">
Paul Laurence Dunbar High School (Fort Worth, Texas)

Paul Laurence Dunbar High School is a comprehensive high school in the Stop Six neighborhood of Fort Worth, Texas, United States.
Named for the dialectical poet Paul Laurence Dunbar, the school strives to highly educate the majority African-American community it serves.
History.
Formal education in the Stop Six area was established in 1907 with the Rustville School, which joined the Fort Worth Public School System in 1924. The school changed its name to Paul Laurence Dunbar in 1938 and began adding high school classes in 1953, graduating its first class in 1957. Its last all-Black graduation class was the class of 1983.
Campus.
The current Dunbar High School building was completed in 1967.
Dunbar High School has had an engineering magnet program since 1980.
Extracurricular activities.
Clubs and Organizations.
Wildcat marching band.
Band director is Mr.Michael Polk
http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://i.ytimg.com/vi/7fVfL7K4PR8/0.jpg&imgrefurl=http://www.cnjianqing.com/index.php%3Fkey%3DDunbar%2BHigh%2BSchool&usg=__4mhSowsemECPfee6UKWLEN9XTJo=&h=360&w=480&sz=22&hl=en&start=0&zoom=1&tbnid=J5oGBzMCESQCuM:&tbnh=150&tbnw=202&ei=wTlXTdS3A4S6tgf72tzfDA&prev=/images%3Fq%3Dfort%2Bworth%2Bdunbar%2Bband%26um%3D1%26hl%3Den%26sa%3DN%26biw%3D1024%26bih%3D762%26tbs%3Disch:1&um=1&itbs=1&iact=rc&dur=170&oei=mjlXTZGDHYOKlweSj_HvBg&page=1&ndsp=17&ved=1t:429,r:1,s:0&tx=69&ty=112

</doc>
<doc id="19219788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219788" title="Riccardo Campogiani">
Riccardo Campogiani

Riccardo Campogiani, 16 at the time of death on October 7, was a Swedish teenager who was beaten to death at a party in central Stockholm, Sweden October 6, 2007. 
Campogiani died at the hospital from severe injuries sustained after multiple kicks to the head.
The death sparked a media sensation as five other teenagers Campogiani's age were found guilty of manslaughter - the five received different sentences, but because of their young age (all under the age of 18) none could be sentenced to prison. One of the five was acquitted and released.
The Campogiani case was special as it involved youth from upper-class areas of Stockholm, with both the murdered and the defendants coming from families of wealthy backgrounds.
The murder became world news when Anton Abele received an award at the MTV Europe Music Awards 2007, as a result of his work against street violence following Campogiani's death.
Manifestations.
Riccardo Campogiani's death became headline news in Sweden with a number of celebrities speaking out against teenage violence in Sweden. Anton Abele created a Swedish Facebook group called "Bevara oss från gatuvåldet” (Save us from street violence). In one week, the group grew to having more than 100,000 members. In addition, on October 12, 2007, Anton Abele arranged the demonstration “Stop street violence” with more than 10,000 young people and adults participating in Stockholm. Simultaneous with the massive demonstration in Stockholm, anti-violence demonstrations were also held in other major cities in the Nordic region.
Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden and Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden both paid tribute to Riccardo Campogiani and the work of Abele. The crown princess also attended a memorial service for Campogiani. The Campogiani family had close ties with the Swedish royal family and other high-class society people in Stockholm
Riccardo Campogiani & Alesso.
Riccardo Campogiani was also a good friend of Electronic producer Alesso, his death pushing the latter to succeed in the music industry. The murder was referenced halfway through the music video for his song "Years."

</doc>
<doc id="19219799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219799" title="2003 Ireland rugby union tour of The South Seas">
2003 Ireland rugby union tour of The South Seas

2003 Ireland rugby union tour of the South Seas. Eddie O'Sullivan initially selected a squad of 41 players for the Ireland national rugby union team 2003 summer tour. Keith Wood also travelled with the tour party as an additional player for training purposes. However Rob Henderson, Denis Hickie and Anthony Foley all subsequently withdrew due to injuries and Frankie Sheahan had to return home after testing positive for Salbutamol. Aiden McCullen and Mike Mullins were both then called up as replacements. Mark McHugh marked his senior international debut with a try against Tonga while McCullen and Anthony Horgan made their senior international debuts against Samoa. In the same game, Ronan O'Gara gave a man of the match performance, scoring 32 of Ireland’s 40 points.
Matches.
Australia.
Australia: Team, 15.Chris Latham, 14.Wendell Sailor, 13.Morgan Turinui, 12.Steve Kefu, 11.Joe Roff, 10.Elton Flatley, 7.George Gregan (capt), 6.Bill Young, 5.Jeremy Paul, 4.Patricio Noriega, 3.David Giffin, 2.Nathan Sharpe, 1.David Lyons, 9.George Smith, - "replacements:" 16.Brendan Cannon, 17.Ben Darwin, 18.Dan Vickerman, 19.Phil Waugh, 20.Chris Whitaker, 21.Nathan Grey, 22.Lote Tuqiri
Ireland: Team, 15.Girvan Dempsey, 14.James Topping, 13.Geordan Murphy, 12.Kevin Maggs, 11.John Kelly, 10.David Humphreys (capt.), 7.Keith Gleeson, 6.Alan Quinlan, 5.Malcolm O'Kelly, 4.Gary Longwell, 3.Reggie Corrigan, 2.Shane Byrne, 1.Marcus Horan, 9.Peter Stringer, - "replacements:" 17.Emmet Byrne, 18.Paul O'Connell, 21.Ronan O'Gara - "No entry:" 16.Paul Shields, 19.Eric Miller, 20.Guy Easterby, 22.Tyrone Howe
Tonga.
Tonga: Gus Leger, 14.Pierre Hola, 13.Johnny Ngauamo, 12.John Payne, 11.Simana Mafile'o, 10.Toni Alatini, 9.David Palu, 8.Tonga Lea'aetoa, 7.Vili Ma'asi, 6.Hemani Lavaka, 5.Milton Ngauamo, 4.Nisifolo Naufahu, 3.Inoke Afeaki (capt), 2.Stanley Afeaki, 1.Saia Latu, - "replacements:" 16.Ephraim Taukafa, 17.Kisi Pulu, 18.Viliami Vaki, 21.Taniela Tulia - "No entry :" 19.Benhur Kivalu, 20.Willie Gibbons, 22.Tevita Tu'ifua
Ireland: 15.Mark McHugh, 14.John Kelly, 13.Mike Mullins, 12.Jonathan Bell, 11.Tyrone Howe, 10.Ronan O'Gara, 9.Guy Easterby, 8.Eric Miller, 7.Kieron Dawson, 6.Simon Easterby, 5.Paul O'Connell, 4.Leo Cullen, 3.Reggie Corrigan (capt), 2.Shane Byrne, 1.Justin Fitzpatrick, - "replacements:" 17.Simon Best, 18.Donncha O'Callaghan, 19.David Wallace, 22.Gordon D'Arcy - "No entry:" 16.Paul Shields, 20.Brian O'Meara, 21.Paul Burke
Samoa.
Samoa: Fa'atonu Fili, 14.Lome Fa'atau, 13.Dale Rasmussen, 12.Brian Lima, 11.Ron Fanu'atanu, 10.Earl Va'a, 9.Denning Tyrell, 8.Kas Lealamanu'a, 7.Trevor Leota, 6.Jeremy Tomuli, 5.Opeta Palepoi, 4.Kitiona Viliamu, 3.Leo Lafaiali'i, 2.Maurie Fa'asavalu, 1.Semo Sititi (capt), - "replacements:" 16.Jonathan Meredith, 17.Tamato Leupolu, 18.Des Tuiali'i, 20.Steve So'oialo, 21.Gaolo Elisara - "No entry :" 19.Ponali Tapelu, 22.Dom Feau'nati
Ireland: 15.Girvan Dempsey, 14.John Kelly, 13.Mike Mullins, 12.Jonathan Bell, 11.Anthony Horgan, 10.Ronan O'Gara, 9.Guy Easterby, 8.Eric Miller, 7.Aidan McCullen, 6.Simon Easterby, 5.Paul O'Connell, 4.Leo Cullen, 3.Reggie Corrigan (capt), 2.Shane Byrne, 1.Marcus Horan, - "replacements:" 16.Paul Burke, 17.Gordon D'Arcy, 18.Donncha O'Callaghan, 19.Paul Shields, 20.Emmet Byrne, 21.Brian O'Meara, 22.David Wallace 

</doc>
<doc id="19219805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219805" title="Machines at War">
Machines at War

Machines at War is a real-time strategy video game developed by Isotope 244. It is the predecessor of Land Air Sea Warfare.
Gameplay.
The gameplay is inspired by the seminal Command & Conquer series. However, "Machines at War" does not feature infantry units or navy units.

</doc>
<doc id="19219813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219813" title="Kumaragurupara Desikar">
Kumaragurupara Desikar

Kumaragurupara Desikar (c. 17th century) or Kumaraguruparar was a poet and Saivite ascetic connected with the Dharmapuram Adheenam.
Early life.
Kumaraguruparar was born to Shanmukha Sikhamani Kavirayar and Sivakama-Sundari Ammaiyar in Srivaikuntam, Tirunelveli district. Until age five, he was dumb. When they visited Tiruchendur temple, he was blessed with speech. He sang "Kandar kalivenba" in praise on Murugan. A few years later, he wrote "Pillaitamizh" in praise of Madurai Meenakshi temple. Soon afterwards, he enrolled at the mutt at Dharmapuram where he began to study "Saiva Siddhanta".
Adoption of an ascetic lifestyle.
On entering the Dharmapuram mutt, he made a detailed study of the system of Saiva Siddhanta and worked on improving his knowledge of Tamil. Convinced of his deep learning and sincerity towards leading an ascetic lifestyle, the heads of the mutt conferred upon him the title of "Tambiran".
He went to Kasi as insisted by his guru. There he spread the message of Saivism. He renovated the Kedareswar temple. He established a mutt in Kasi and until death he was present in Kasi.
On 27-June-2010, a commemorative postage stamp on him was released by the Indian Postal department.
Literary contributions.
His contributions are
In all, Kumaraguruparar has composed 14 poems, the best of which, the "Nidineri-vilakkam" has been translated into English.

</doc>
<doc id="19219863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219863" title="UE Alcúdia">
UE Alcúdia

Unió Deportiva Alcúdia is a football team based in Alcúdia in the autonomous community of Balearic Islands. Founded in 1975, it plays in the Tercera División – Group 11. Its stadium is "Estadi Municipal Els Arcs" with a capacity of 5,000.
Stadium.
UD Alcúdia play their home matches at Estadi Municipal Els Arcs, the municipal sports centre between Platja d'Alcúdia and Ciutat Alcúdia. It has a capacity of 5,000, with a basic cantilevered cover on one side of the pitch and a small terrace behind the goal that backs on to the sports centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19219880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219880" title="German submarine Bremen">
German submarine Bremen

Bremen was a blockade-breaking German merchant submarine of World War I. Developed with private funds and operated by the North German Lloyd Line, she was one of the first of seven U-151 class U-boats built and one of only two used as unarmed cargo submarines.
Construction.
"Bremen" was built together with her sister ship "Deutschland" in 1916 by the "Deutsche Ozean-Reederei", a private shipping company created for the enterprise, a subsidiary company of the North German Lloyd shipping company (now Hapag-Lloyd) and the Deutsche Bank. She was constructed without armaments, with a wide beam to provide space for cargo. The cargo capacity was 700 tons (much of it outside the pressure hull), relatively small compared to surface ships.
"Bremen" was one of seven submarines designed to carry cargo between the United States and Germany in 1916, through the naval blockade of the Entente Powers. Mainly enforced by Great Britain's Royal Navy, the blockade had led to great difficulties for German companies in acquiring raw materials which could not be found in quantity within the German sphere of influence, and thus substantially hindered the German war effort.
Five of the submarine freighters were converted into long-range cruiser U-boats (U-kreuzers) equipped with two 105mm deck guns, and only two were completed according to the original design: the "Deutschland" and the "Bremen".
Maiden voyage and disappearance.
The "Bremen" departed Bremerhaven in September 1916 for Norfolk, Virginia, commanded by Kapitaenleutnant Karl Schwartzkopf, and reportedly carrying financial credits for Simon Lake to begin building cargo submarines for Germany. She did not complete this voyage and her fate is a mystery. Several views have been put forth as to the nature of her fate.
One source records that a submarine believed to have been the "Bremen" was sighted south of Iceland on a course for Baltimore and units of the 10th Cruiser Squadron were dispatched to intercept it; HMS "Mantua" reported ramming a heavy, submerged object. However, the official log of HMS Mantua makes no mention of this, so it appears to be a myth.
Another source states that "Bremen" was sunk by British submarine . In March 1917, "G13" was on patrol off Shetland, covering the exit by U-boats from the North Sea. There she sighted a submarine identified as "Bremen", and fired 2 torpedoes, which both missed. Turning, "G13" fired again, first with her starboard beam, and continuing her turn with her port beam torpedoes; both these also missed. Then a final shot, with her stern tube, at a range of 7000 yards, was rewarded with an explosion, and "Bremen" was believed sunk. The Admiralty, however, felt this was inconclusive, and withheld credit for the hit.
Yet another source regards her as lost, probably as a result of hitting a mine.
In the absence of any firm evidence, the cause of "Bremen's" loss remains a mystery.

</doc>
<doc id="19219894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219894" title="Yad soledet bo">
Yad soledet bo

The Hebrew phrase yad soledet bo (יד סולדת בו, the degree of heat "from which the hand recoils") is a principle in Jewish law that governs those laws that deal with cooking.
It can be referred to as "burning" and is the temperature at which someone would reflexively withdraw one's hand from the source of heat. The Talmud additionally refers to this degree of heat as that which would scald a baby's abdomen.(B.Shabbat 40b).
The temperature that constitutes "yad soledet bo" is under dispute. While Rabbi Moshe Feinstein ruled that a temperature of 110°F (43°C) must be considered "yad soledet bo" as a matter of practice, he noted that definitive "yad soledet bo" might be as high as 160°F (71°C). In practice, the more stringent of the two should be applied. In following with the principle of "sfeika d'oraita l'chumra", a doubt in a case of biblical law must be ruled upon stringently. If there is a question as to whether or not a violation of "Sabbath" would be transgressed by heating liquids to 120°F, the response would be in the affirmative, because this temperature exceeds 110°F; this would be an example of ruling stringently based on the lower temperature. As explained in greater detail further on, liquids that have already been fully cooked are no longer subject to the same restrictions as raw liquids in terms of "bishul" if they remain warm, and in cases of biblical laws of "bishul", pre-cooked liquids should have reached a temperature of 160°F to be properly considered as pre-cooked; this would be an example of ruling stringently based on the higher temperature.
A common practice when producing kosher wine is to render it "yayin mevushal" (יין מבושל, "cooked wine"); this is done in order to permit it to be handled by a non-"Shabbat" observer, whether Jew or gentile. While this cooking process used to be accomplished by bringing the wine or grape juice to a boil, recent technological advances have allowed for flash pasteurization to supplement for this procedure. According to one kosher wine maker, all of its "mevushal" wine is flash pasteurized to at least 185°F, well above the stringent 160°F of Rabbi Feinstein. However, there are more stringent authorities than Rabbi Feinstein in this matter, with some requiring 190°F.
It is debated whether this is a subjective temperature for which different individuals may determine their own personal "yad soledet bo". Joshua Falk doubts that "yad soledet bo" can be anything but that which would objectively scald an infant's abdomen because the temperature at which people will instinctively withdraw their hand from a heat source is not universal. Other authorities, including the "Rosh", have no qualms about equating the two temperatures. Yaakov Chaim Sofer quotes Yosef Chaim's work "Ben Ish Chai" as stating that one can know if something is not "yad soledet bo" if one can put it in one's mouth without exceeding the normal limitations of the food being too hot for one to eat or drink.

</doc>
<doc id="19219898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219898" title="St Patrick's Roman Catholic Church, Grangetown">
St Patrick's Roman Catholic Church, Grangetown

St Patrick's Roman Catholic Church in Grangetown, Cardiff, is part of the Cardiff West Deanery of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cardiff. It opened on St Patrick's Day 1930.
History.
There has been a St Patrick's Church in Grangetown since 1882, adjacent to St Patrick's School. A Memorial Hall was built in 1921. Plans were set in motion in 1928 to build a new church, on the site of allotments of two parishioners. The foundation stone was laid on St Patrick's Day 1929 and the church was opened exactly one year later. 
Recent events.
It has been proposed that the current parish hall in Bishop Street be demolished to make way for a new health centre to serve the whole of Grangetown. It has arisen, however, that this cannot take place due to a group of bats (a protected species in Britain) that live in the roof of the hall. Designs have been made for a new hall to be built next to the church, meaning a removal of the lawn.
Due to the reorganisation of the archdiocese, St. Cuthbert's Parish in the Docks will become part of St. Patrick's.
Also, the church will soon become part of the New Cardiff Deanery instead of the Cardiff West Deanery. (The new deanery will merge both Cardiff East and West deaneries)
The fortunes of the church have been revived by a growing Polish community. The church priest is Father Bogdan Wera, a Pole, who filled the position that had been vacant for two years after the previous priest, Father Fahey, died on Christmas Eve 2008.
School.
St Patrick's R C Primary School in Lucknow Street, Grangetown has close links with the church. A school mass is celebrated once a month in the church and sometimes in school during term times. The school has around 250 pupils aged 4–11 (Reception – Year 6) and around 15 teachers, as well as non-teaching staff including teachers aids and admin. The school feeds to the Catholic high school, Mary Immaculate, in Ely.

</doc>
<doc id="19219904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219904" title="Innerpartysystem (album)">
Innerpartysystem (album)

Innerpartysystem is the self-titled debut album by Innerpartysystem. The album features two tracks from Innerpartysystem's self-recorded The Download EP, "Don't Stop" and "Heart of Fire" which have been re-recorded and mastered. The album was originally scheduled to be released 10th of September (with an early rough date for June 17) but was pushed back to the 29th/30 September. Rocksound magazine (October 2008) said the band were a mix of industrial-pop and dance music.
Bonus tracks.
Bonus tracks are available through most online digital music stores via download. "Night Is Alive" first appeared on the band's EP.
Bonus UK / Best Buy DVD.
A bonus DVD is available with the UK version of the album. This DVD is also available with some Best Buy store versions of the album. All the videos on the DVD can be found on the bands official YouTube channel. The DVD contains:

</doc>
<doc id="19219908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219908" title="Hywel Fychan">
Hywel Fychan

This variant name form has been identified as relating to two different people:

</doc>
<doc id="19219909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219909" title="Costa Rica Country Day School">
Costa Rica Country Day School

County Day School (CDS) is a school in Escazú, Costa Rica.
Foundation.
The school was founded in 1963 by Marian Baker in order to provide an U.S. American college preparatory education in Costa Rica. It started off as a small school, and has since grown into a large school enrolling more than 1000 students. CDS is a member of the Association of American Schools in Central America (AASCA).
Escazú Campus.
Country Day Escazú is a private K-12, English-speaking school located in Escazú, an affluent westerly suburb of San José, Costa Rica. Country Day Escazú is recognized as having one of the highest college acceptance rates in the country, with most students attending schools in the United States. 
Guanacaste Campus.
Country Day Guanacaste was opened in 2004 following the success of the Escazu campus; it is now a leading international boarding school in Central America, the co-ed years 8-12 Boarding School is the only kind of its class in Costa Rica. The School has a covered gym, pool, athletic field, staff housing, 20-room boarding residence hall and classrooms for regular and specialty classes, and the school also runs a day school for students who are not boarders.

</doc>
<doc id="19219913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219913" title="Valentin Nikolayev (footballer)">
Valentin Nikolayev (footballer)

Valentin Aleksandrovich Nikolayev () (August 16, 1921 in Yerosovo, Vladimir Oblast - died October 9, 2009 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player and coach.
International career.
Nikolayev made his debut for USSR on July 20, 1952 in an Olympics game against Bulgaria. As a manager, he was in charge of USSR national football team from October 1970 until the end of 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19219923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219923" title="Atlantic Studios Cooperative">
Atlantic Studios Cooperative

The Atlantic Studios Cooperative in Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador, offers Atlantic Canada's largest film studio space. It is located in the Annex at the Pepsi Centre, the sporting complex built to host the 1999 Canada Games (and thus also known as the Canada Games Centre). The ASC has access to the main studio, as well as dressing rooms, office space, kitchen and catering facilities, and sporting facilities.
Along with the studio, the ASC owns mobile equipment for filming on location across Newfoundland and Labrador. Together with the studio, this allows filming to be conducted independent of support from the mainland, the primary goal of the ASC's start-up funders.

</doc>
<doc id="19219924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219924" title="Yuka Kashino">
Yuka Kashino

, nicknamed , is a member of the Japanese electropop group Perfume.
Biography.
Kashino was born and raised in Hiroshima, Japan, where she attended Hiroshima Actors School with friends and current Perfume members Ayaka Nishiwaki and Ayano Ōmoto. She and Nishiwaki are the two original members of Perfume. 
Kashino and Nishiwaki formed Perfume in 2001 with former member Yūka Kawashima, who left shortly after to focus on her schoolwork. Before Ōmoto joined Perfume after being asked by Nishiwaki, the two had not met.

</doc>
<doc id="19219937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219937" title="2. deild">
2. deild

2. deild, is the third tier of football in the Faroe Islands. It was founded in 1979 and is organised by the Faroe Islands Football Association. The league was once known as the 3. deild but since 2005, because the top division was renamed Formuladeildin for sponsorship reasons and the second division was renamed 1. deild, the third tier was renamed 2. deild to represent the fact it was the league below 1. deild and the league above the newly renamed 3. deild.
It currently has 10 participating teams. At the end of each season, two teams are relegated and two promoted from what is now the fourth division, pending the fact that the winning team in any given division doesn't already have a senior team in the division it is being promoted to. In such cases the team that finished second will be promoted in its stead. If a team is relegated to a division where one of its teams are already playing, the second best team will move one division down, thereby saving another team from relegation.
At the end of the 2008 season, "Fram", who were set to be renamed "FC Hoyvík" for the 2009 season and AB II finished in the promotion places. Fram (now FC Hoyvík) were promoted to 1. deild, while AB II would only be promoted if their 1st team finished in one of the promotion places in 1. deild. AB's first team eventually won promotion into the Vodafonedeildin, finishing runners-up in 1.Deild. However, AB II were denied promotion to 1.deild and MB Midvágur who finished 3rd in 2.Deild, were promoted instead. Because AB II who finished 2nd, had used illegal players. Though there is still an ongoing debate weather they finished 2nd or 3rd and which team should have been promoted.
The following season in 2009 MB Midvágur finished bottom in 1.Deild, only picking up 8 points and were relegated back into 2.deild. Meanwhile AB Argir II won the 2.deild in 2009 and were promoted to 1.deild.

</doc>
<doc id="19219939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219939" title="California Building Standards Commission">
California Building Standards Commission

The California Building Standards Commission is a commission of the state of California in the United States responsible for building codes in the state. The commission is formally defined under the "California Building Standards Law", and operates under the auspices of the California State and Consumer Services Agency.
Copyright.
In September 2008, Carl Malamud of Public.Resource.Org made headlines by scanning safety and building codes of California, which have been copyrighted by the commission and did not give him license to do so, on public.resource.org/bsc.ca.gov/.

</doc>
<doc id="19219946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219946" title="Peaceful, the World Lays Me Down">
Peaceful, the World Lays Me Down

Peaceful, the World Lays Me Down is the debut album by the English band Noah and the Whale. It was released on 11 August 2008 in the United Kingdom, and on 16 September 2008 in the United States. The band has since become very popular, especially in the U.K., in spite of the record receiving mixed or average reviews.
Track listing.
All songs written by Charlie Fink. 
Deluxe Edition.
This is the track listing of the deluxe edition (According to iTunes) :
All 11 tracks of standard edition +
Chart performance.
In the UK it debuted at 5, which is its current peak position. It then dropped 2 places to 7 the following week, then another 8 places to 15 the following week, and 3 places to 18 the week after.
In Ireland it debuted at 32, which is its current peak position, it then dropped 8 places to 40 the next week, the following week it dropped 16 places to 56, and the next week it rose 19 places to 37.
Their song, "Give a Little Love" was used in an episode of Cougar Town titled "Here Comes My Girl" which first aired on November 25, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19219949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219949" title="China National Aero-Technology Import &amp; Export Corporation">
China National Aero-Technology Import &amp; Export Corporation

China National Aero-Technology Import & Export Corporation (Abbreviate: CATIC, ) is a leading trading corporation of China, its core business is aviation defense product, both import and export.
A Brief Introduction of the CATIC.
CATIC, was established in 1979, was jointly owned by China Aviation Industry Corporation I (AVIC I) and China Aviation Industry Corporation II (AVIC II) 50:50, while after the merge of AVIC I and AVIC II, CATIC is to be owned by Aviation Industry Corporation of China. It is a large scale state-owned conglomerate with aviation products & technology import and export as its core business. Headquartered in Beijing, CATIC has 7 specialized companies and 10 regional subsidiaries in China and 56 overseas branches worldwide. With its total assets of up to RMB 24 billion and accumulated import and export volume of US $24 billion thus far, CATIC ranks among the first 20 of China's top 500 enterprises for import and export.
CATIC's aviation business is in general managed by its headquarters in Beijing. As a state authorized dealer of aviation products, CATIC has exported fighters, trainers, bombers, helicopters, transporters, general aviation aircraft and associated airborne equipment and ground support equipment as well as various components and spare parts. At present, over a thousand Chinese-made aircraft are flying over the sky in more than 30 countries. As a primary window and major channel serving China's aviation industry for international cooperation, CATIC has provided to its customers from home and abroad and to the national key projects with professional value-added services including market surveys and analysis, project development, business planning, program management, investment and financing, technology introduction, international trade and cooperation. Through multinational cooperation, CATIC has invested and developed some high-performance aircraft such as K-8 trainer, JF-17 fighter and EC-120 helicopter. As a world-recognized aviation parts and components contractor, CATIC has subcontracted a large number of parts and components of aircraft, engines and airborne equipment for the world famous aviation manufacturers such as Boeing, Airbus, GE, Rolls Royce, Pratt & Whitney, SNECMA, Honeywell and Rockwell Collins. Today, several thousands of aircraft having components supplied by CATIC are flying worldwide.
Specialized companies and regional subsidiaries of CATIC in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Zhuhai, Xiamen, Fujian, Hangzhou, Dalian and Harbin focus on non-aviation business. Their business scopes span over trade, industry, commerce, finance, real estate, hotel and real estate management, public tendering and bidding, machinery procurement, civil construction, logistics, investment, leasing, e-business, etc. Their main products include ships, civil engineering machinery, food processing machines, medical equipment, container inspection systems, automobiles, motorcycles, bicycles and spare services. In addition, CATIC has contracted international construction projects for countries and regions in Asia, Africa and Middle East. CATIC is the owner of some famous brands and enterprises: FIYTA watches, Shennan circuit, Tianma LCD, Tianhong shopping mall chains, Jiangnan Securities, etc. CATIC also owns two public companies listed on Hong Kong stock market and three companies listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
"To develop CATIC into a multi-national corporation with international competitiveness" is the vision of CATIC. With "Deeper understanding of the market and special care for the customer", CATIC is dedicated to sincere cooperation and mutual success with domestic and overseas partners in the pursuance of "lean management, professional service, working together and pursuit of excellence".
Divisions.
The CATIC headquarters in Beijing is assembled by two different divisions, which all under supervised by managing committees.
CATIC and Olympic Games.
CATIC plaza, the location of CATIC headquarters, is the only non-Olympic company located in the Olympic centre district, and the closest building to the Beijing National Stadium, the so-called Bird's Nest. Therefore the Grand Skylight CATIC Hotel, in the north wing of CATIC plaza, is the exclusive 5-Star luxury hotel in the Olympic centre district. The hotel is close enough that the rooms offer guests an incomparible view of the Bird's Nest.
On the opening day of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games, the Israeli President Shimon Peres was accommodated in the Grand Skylight CATIC Hotel by the Chinese Government. Because traveling in a vehicle is prohibited on the Shabbat of Judaism, this allowed him to walk to the opening ceremonies within 5 minutes (under good security protection).
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19219971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219971" title="James Burns (publisher)">
James Burns (publisher)

James Burns (1808 – 11 April 1871) was a Scottish publisher and author. 
During the last half of the nineteenth century his work in the cause of Catholic literature and Catholic church music contributed much to the rapid advancement of the Church in Great Britain and to the many conversions that were made throughout that period. 
Life.
Burns was born near Montrose, Angus. His father was a Presbyterian minister and sent him to a college in Glasgow with the idea that he should follow the same calling. But feeling no inclination for it, he left the school in 1832 and went to London where he found employment with a publishing firm. He acquired a knowledge of the trade and then set up for himself in a modest way. He soon won success and Anglican ministers adopted him, in their literary campaign of tracts and polemic publications. He then became a "Puseyite", or High Church man. From his press were issued books of a high literary tone in the series he called "The Englishman's Library" and "The Fireside Library". The Oxford Movement under John Henry Newman drew him within its range, and he became a Catholic convert in 1847.
The Anglican publications of the old house were sold off. Burns succeeded, in a comparatively brief time, in building up a reputation as publisher of Catholic literature. To his "Popular Library" Cardinal Wiseman contributed "Fabiola" and Cardinal Newman, "Callista". Other volumes from well-known writers, prayer books, and books of devotion made the name of the firm of Burns & Oates a household name.
Burns himself also wrote constantly on church music, and edited and republished many compositions. He died from cancer in London.
Family.
His widow, who was also a convert, survived him twenty-two years, dying a member of the Ursuline community at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, U.S.A., January, 1893. Of his five daughters, four entered the Ursuline Order and the other became a Sister of Charity. His only son was ordained a priest, serving for a long time as chaplain at Nazareth House, Hammersmith, London.

</doc>
<doc id="19219977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219977" title="Hou Bin">
Hou Bin

Hou Bin (), born in Jiamusi, Heilongjiang Province, in 1975, is a Chinese athlete who specialises in the high jump.
He lost his left leg in an accident at the age of nine. He subsequently became a Paralympian, and represented China at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta. He won gold in the high jump with a jump of 1.92 metres. He successfully defended his title by winning gold again at the 2000 and 2004 Paralympics.
Hou was selected to light the Paralympic flame during the Opening Ceremony of the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. He lifted himself and his wheelchair up on a rope by strength of arms to the top of Beijing National Stadium, where he lit the cauldron to mark the beginning of the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19219987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219987" title="Illinois Bureau of Criminal Investigations">
Illinois Bureau of Criminal Investigations

The responsibility of the Bureau of Criminal Investigation (BCI) is the enforcement of revenue related laws.
Special agents handle a wide range of investigations, including those involving tax fraud, tax evasion, and other acts that circumvent revenue laws. Examples of these investigation for the various taxes administered by the department include:
The special agents who staff the Bureau of Criminal Investigation are sworn peace officers. They are required to have a four-year college degree plus complete a 12-week police academy and required courses. Agents also attend in-service training and are required to meet firearms qualifications.
These highly trained, law enforcement personnel work mainly with white-collar crime. As investigators, they develop and evaluate evidence. They often work closely with federal, state, county, and local law enforcement agencies and make arrests, conduct searches and seizures, and participate in raids. Their expertise in financial crime investigations is often sought by other law enforcement agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="19219998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19219998" title="Pua'a Ka'a State Wayside Park">
Pua'a Ka'a State Wayside Park

Puaa Kaa State Wayside Park is a state park on the island of Maui, Hawaii. It is located along the Hana Highway approximately east of Kahului. The area consists of of rainforest with waterfalls and pools. The park is at an elevation of and roughly away from Waiohue Bay.
See also.
List of Hawaii state parks

</doc>
<doc id="19220003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220003" title="List of Iraqi Armenians">
List of Iraqi Armenians

This is a list of notable Iraqi Armenians.
Iraqi Armenians are people born, raised, or who reside in Iraq, with origins in the area known as Armenian, which ranges from the Caucasus Mountains to Anatolia.
To be included in this list, the person must have a Wikipedia article showing they are Iraqi Armenian or must have references showing they are Iraqi Armenian and are notable.

</doc>
<doc id="19220004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220004" title="Oula Jääskeläinen">
Oula Jääskeläinen

Panu Oula Jääskeläinen (born 8 March 1969 in Espoo) is a Finnish figure skater. He is a multiple Finnish national champion. He placed 19th at the 1992 Winter Olympics. His highest placement at the World Figure Skating Championships was 12th, which he achieved in 1991. His highest placement at the European Figure Skating Championships was 8th, which he achieved in 1993. During his career, he trained at the Mariposa School of Skating in Ontario, Canada.
As a professional skater, he appeared on Strictly Ice Dancing, partnering with celebrity Carol Smillie. He has also worked as a coach. Jääskeläinen's sister, Anu Oksanen (née Jääskeläinen), is the head coach for the synchronized skating team Marigold IceUnity who are three-time world champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19220014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220014" title="WOVV">
WOVV

WOVV (90.1 FM) is a low power (LP) FM radio station and current internet radio station with a FCC issued construction permit for Ocracoke, North Carolina, USA. The station is currently owned by Ocracoke Foundation.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19220015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220015" title="Mandalapuruder">
Mandalapuruder

Mandalapuruder (c. 16th century) was a Jain ascetic and lexicographer.
Literary contributions.
The greatest contribution of Mandalapruder or "Vira Mandalaver" is "Sudamani Nigandhu". This work, which he created at the suggestion of his guru Gunapattiren, comprises 989 stanzas arranged in 12 chapters. It treats of the synonyms of the Flindu Deities, and of the objects of the animal, vegetable and mineral kingdoms as well as of the homonymous and generic terms. Mandalapuruder follows the style of Amarakosha in this regard. Mandalapuruder is also the author of a poem in praise of "Arha", a divinity worshipped by Jains.
Mandalapuruder is a contemporary of the Vijayanagar Emperor Krishna Deva Raya.

</doc>
<doc id="19220036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220036" title="Tagblatt Pokal">
Tagblatt Pokal

The Tagblatt-Pokal was the first football competition in Austria played in a league format. It was founded by the "Neue Wiener Tagblatt", and was restricted to clubs in Vienna. Nevertheless, and despite the existence of the Challenge Cup, which was open to all football clubs in Austria-Hungary, it is regarded as a forerunner of the Austrian football championship. The trophy was awarded permanently to Wiener AC in 1903 after they had won it three times.
Divisions.
It was organised in a first division ("Erste Klasse") and two parallel second divisions ("Zweite Klasse A" and "Zweite Klasse B"). It was planned that the bottom two clubs from the top division should be relegated, and that the winners of the two second divisions should be promoted.
Seasons.
1900-01.
Promoted:
AC Viktoria Wien was also placed in the top division, but after turning down the participation joined the competition in Spring 1901 and played at the second level, and were relegated to that level for the 1901-02 season.
1902-03.
Play-off: SK Rapid Wien – Deutscher Sportverein 3-0
Promoted: SK Rapid Wien
1903-04.
apparent later results
First Vienna and Vienna Cricket left the Fußball-Union and joined the ÖFV, Olympia followed them, and the championship was abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="19220078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220078" title="Bruce Mitchell (drummer)">
Bruce Mitchell (drummer)

Bruce Mitchell (born in Didsbury, Manchester, England, 6 June 1940) is a jazz drummer, who plays regularly with Vini Reilly in the Durutti Column.
Biography.
Mitchell was born in the suburb of Didsbury,
He had no formal musical education. His father was a drummer and a bass player. He was in a Manchester trad band, around 1960, and during a time, he was a hippie. Prior to 1974 he was in the group Greasy Bear. In 1974 he joined comedy rock band Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias; the band folded in 1982.
He also helps run Manchester Light and Stage.
Bruce joined The Durutti Column in 1981 for the album LC, and has managed the band.

</doc>
<doc id="19220087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220087" title="Houston (I'm Comin' to See You)">
Houston (I'm Comin' to See You)

"Houston (I'm Comin' to See You)" is the 26th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1974 (see 1974 in music).
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States) 
Singles - Billboard (United States) 

</doc>
<doc id="19220098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220098" title="WRDK">
WRDK

WRDK (90.7 FM) is a planned radio station with a FCC issued construction permit for Bladenboro, North Carolina, USA. The station is currently owned by Richburg Educational Bdcstrs, Inc.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19220100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220100" title="Public works minister">
Public works minister

A minister of public works (also called public works minister), otherwise titled minister of infrastructure is a position in the governments of some countries responsible for dealing with public works matters.
The position exists in many countries under several names:

</doc>
<doc id="19220112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220112" title="Flag of Minorca">
Flag of Minorca

The flag of Minorca was adopted on 14 November 1983. It is based on and similar to the flag of Majorca. It is the predominantly red and yellow Catalan-Aragonese (Senyera) flag with the coat-of-arms of Minorca. 
During the British colonial period which ended in 1802, the British Union Flag was used.

</doc>
<doc id="19220119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220119" title="All the Small Things (TV series)">
All the Small Things (TV series)

All the Small Things (alternatively titled Heart and Soul in some countries) is a British television drama, produced by the BBC and created and developed by Debbie Horsfield. Following the lives and ambitions of a church choir and its members, the programme began airing on 31 March 2009 and ran for six episodes. The programme frequently features musical performances from its cast, usually popular music. The programme's title is taken from "All the Small Things", a hit song from the American pop punk band Blink-182.
Production.
The initial idea for the programme came from creator Debbie Horsfield's own experience performing in choirs since childhood. She felt it was a strong concept for a drama, based on the varied characters and multiple story ideas. She originally thought of the story as a stage play, but later decided to transfer it to television, citing that a series format would "give more opportunity to go into extra depth with the characters and narrative".
The programme was commissioned by Jane Tranter, Controller of BBC Fiction, and was produced in-house by BBC Drama Productions. Filming for the series started in August 2008 and ended in December 2008. Locations included the Derbyshire town of Glossop, Bolton town centre and Manchester. St John's Church in Farnworth doubles for St Cecelia's, the main location of the series.
The local Sixth Form College (Glossopdale Community College) participated in the filming of the show, and several of the children from its lower school appear in two episodes where a school choir features. Creator and writer Debbie Horsfield worked closely with the head of music at Glossopdale, Chris O'Hara, and its head of music technology, Colin Hanson-Orr. Local Glossop based band My First Hello provided two songs for the series - "I'm Not Your Hero" and "We're Not Supposed To Be Alone". The end title song "Can You Hear Me?", sung by Richard Fleeshman, was co-written by singer Elton John, Fleeshman himself and Debbie Horsfield.
Cast.
Other cast members include Jo Woodcock as Georgia Caddick, a keen member of the choir and daughter to Esther and Michael, Jamie Birtwistle as Fred Caddick, son of Michael and Esther and brother to Georgia and Kyle, Clive Rowe as Clifford "Shrek" Beale, the church caretaker, and Annette Badland as Ethel Tonks, member of the choir and a promoter of rules and organisation within the church, and Kiruna Stamell as Phoebe. David Fleeshman, father of Richard Fleeshman (Kyle), also appears as Ethel Tonks' husband, Gilbert "Jabba" Tonks.
Overseas broadcast.
Overseas, the series has often been retitled "Heart and Soul", under which it was broadcast in Europe on BBC Entertainment in October 2010. In Australia, "Heart and Soul" was first broadcast on the ABC on 12 September 2009, and in Belgium on Eén on 6 January 2010.
In New Zealand, "Heart and Soul" finished screening on Prime on 7 January 2011. 
In Finland, "Heart and Soul" was first broadcast on Yle TV1 from 9 November to 14 December 2012 under the Finnish title "Rakkautta ja riitasointuja" (Love and discords).

</doc>
<doc id="19220121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220121" title="Haleki'i-Pihana Heiau State Monument">
Haleki'i-Pihana Heiau State Monument

Halekii-Pihana Heiau State Monument is a park containing two important luakini heiau on a high ridge near the mouth of Iao Stream in Wailuku, Maui. Both Halekii and Pihana were associated with important Hawaiian chiefs, have been closely studied by archaeologists, and overlook the fertile Nā Wai Ehā ('Four Waters') region irrigated by the Wailuku, Waikapu, Waihee and Waiehu streams. The heiau complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 25 November 1985.
Pihana ('fullness' or 'gathering') is also known as Piihana and Pihanakalani ('gathering of the supernatural'). It began as a small temple site between 1260 and 1400, was expanded between 1410 and 1640 to serve as a residence and "luakini" (war/sacrificial) temple for Kiihewa, who lived at the time of Kakae, the father of Kahekili I.
Halekii ('image house' or "Tiki House") was added along the crest of the hill at about this time, reputedly at the instigation of chief Kihapiilani. Both were greatly expanded into their present shape between 1662 and 1705, and Pihana was enhanced and reoriented to face the island of Hawaii during a period of interisland warfare between 1684 and 1778. In 1790, after the forces of Kamehameha I won the very deadly Battle of Kepaniwai, his son Liholiho rededicated Pihana.

</doc>
<doc id="19220125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220125" title="Khidistavi">
Khidistavi

Khidistavi () is a village in the Chokhatauri district of Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="19220170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220170" title="Yngve Slettholm">
Yngve Slettholm

Yngve Slettholm (born 28 December 1955) is a Norwegian cultural executive, politician for the Christian Democratic Party and Salvationist.
Composing career.
Slettholm took his diploma exams at the Norwegian Academy of Music in 1980 and began his composing career in contemporary music. In the period 1982–1986 he was the President of the national organisation Ny Musikk (Norwegian section of the ISCM). After this, he travelled to the US and studied under Morton Feldman (1986–88) while he worked towards his doctorate. His doctoral work was submitted at the State University of New York. Slettholm has won many prizes for his work, as well as many study and work grants.
Slettholm has comprehensive teaching practice, running from instructor and conductor workshops in musical ensembles via school work as an associate professor in composing and music theory at the Norwegian Academy of Music, as well as prorector.
As well as his compositions in contemporary music, Slettholm has composed for choirs and brass bands in the Salvation Army.
Politics and cultural executive.
Slettholm's political career, where he represented the Christian Democratic Party, reached its high point when he was State Secretary in the Norwegian Ministry of Culture and Church Affairs under Valgerd Svarstad Haugland from 2001–2005. He has also been deputy leader of Oslo Christian Democratic Party.
Since 2006, Slettholm has been the executive director of the copyright management organisation Kopinor. From 2012 he is also appointed by the Government as chair of the Arts Council of Norway. He is also chair of Dronning Sonja Internasjonale Musikkonkurranse. He has been chair of Composers' Remuneration Fund, vice chair of the Norwegian Society of Composers, TONO and the Ultima Oslo Contemporary Music Festival and board nember of the Norwegian Music Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="19220173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220173" title="Cameron Medhurst">
Cameron Medhurst

Cameron Medhurst (born 1965) is an Australian figure skater. He is an eight time (1982, 1984–1990) Australian national champion. He represented Australia at the 1984 Winter Olympics, where he placed 19th; at the 1988 Winter Olympics, where he again placed 19th; and at the 1992 Winter Olympics, where he placed 16th.
He works as a coach and choreographer in Sydney.
Results.
He is now a full-time coach at the Medibank Icehouse, Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="19220182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220182" title="Nolwenn Ohwo!">
Nolwenn Ohwo!

"Nolwenn Ohwo!" is a 2006 song recorded by French singer Nolwenn Leroy. It was the first single from her second studio album "Histoires Naturelles", and was released on January 23, 2006. It achieved success in France, where it topped the singles chart, and Belgium (Wallonia), where it was a top three hit.
Song information.
The song was written by famous singers-songwriters Laurent Voulzy (he also participated in the writing of Leroy's previous album, notably on the song "Suivre une étoile") and Alain Souchon. It was performed during the Histoires naturelles tour and was available in its live version on the album of the same name.
In France, the song was first released digitally in early December 2005. It was then officially released as a CD single in a limited edition on January 23, but it was sold by certain stores a few days before. Therefore, it entered the French single chart two days before, at #47, before climbing straight to #1 the week after. It then almost kept on dropping, and totalled four weeks in the top ten, 11 weeks in the top 50 and 19 weeks on the chart (top 100).

</doc>
<doc id="19220187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220187" title="William Vail">
William Vail

Wlliam Vail (born November 30, 1950) is an American set decorator and actor best known for his role as "Kirk" in the 1974 American horror classic "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre".
Vail was born in San Antonio, Texas. He began his film career in 1974, when he played the character of "Kirk" in the "Texas Chainsaw Massacre". He then starred in three more films titled "Poltergeist" (1982), "Mausoleum" (1983), and "Glitch!" (1988). He then decided to switch as a Set Decorator in the film, "" (1989).
He continues to work as a Set Decorator, and has recently helped with the TV Movie, "The Craigslist Killer" (2011).

</doc>
<doc id="19220195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220195" title="Southampton Village Historic District">
Southampton Village Historic District

Southampton Village Historic District is a historic district in Southampton, New York, in Suffolk County.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988, and its boundaries were increased in 1993 by what was termed the Lewis Street Expansion Area. 
It includes the James L. Breese House which is separately listed on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19220245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220245" title="Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's individual pursuit (CP 3)">
Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's individual pursuit (CP 3)

The Men's individual pursuit (CP 3) at the 2008 Summer Paralympics took place on 7 August at the Laoshan Velodrome. The pre-event favorite to win the gold medal was reigning champion, Darren Kenny of Great Britain.
Preliminaries.
Favourite, Kenny, managed to set a new world record in the preliminary round. The new record was 5.812 seconds faster than the previous record, which was set by Kenny in Alkmar in 2005. Javier Ochoa was disqualified for riding too close to his opponent in the preliminary round, after he had been overtaken by Kenny. Kenny stated that he was disappointed by this as he would have liked to compete against Ochoa in the final.
Q = Qualifier
PR = Paralympic Record
WR = World Record
Finals.
Kenny went on to catch his opponent, Yong-Sik Jin of South Korea, in the final round.

</doc>
<doc id="19220263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220263" title="Brian McGlinchey">
Brian McGlinchey

Brian Kevin McGlinchey (born 26 October 1977) is a Northern Irish former football defender. He made a total of 195 competitive appearances in an eleven-year career as a professional player before he was forced to retire in 2006, aged 28, due to injury. He also won 14 caps for Northern Ireland under-21's and one cap for the Northern Ireland B team.
Born in Derry, Northern Ireland, he started his career with Manchester City, but joined Port Vale in 1998 having never made a first team appearance at City. The next year he moved on to Gillingham, before he signed with Plymouth Argyle in 2000. He enjoyed a four-year spell with Plymouth, before he joined Torquay United in 2004, having spent some time on loan at the club the previous year. He stayed with Torquay until his retirement two years later. His honours included three promotion campaigns, once each with Gillingham, Plymouth, and Torquay.
Playing career.
McGlinchey started his career with Manchester City in 1995, but never made a first team appearance in his three seasons with the club. In June 1998, he was signed by Port Vale manager John Rudge. He played 15 First Division games for "Valiants" during the 1998–99 season, bagging his first senior goal in a 2–1 defeat at Oxford United on 21 November 1998.
He was released by manager Brian Horton, and subsequently joined Peter Taylor's Second Division side Gillingham in August 1999. He started just six games in the 1999–2000 promotion season, and did not feature in the play-off final victory over Wigan Athletic. He made just one appearance in the First Division under new boss Andy Hessenthaler, before he left Priestfield Stadium, dropping down two tiers to the Third Division with Plymouth Argyle in December 2000.
He featured 22 times at left-back in 2000–01, as Paul Sturrock's "Pilgrims" posted a mid-table finish. He then made 29 league appearances in 2001–02, as Plymouth topped the Third Division table; his contribution was limited after he broke his foot. He was limited to 21 appearances at Home Park in 2002–03 by new signing Hasney Aljofree, and played no part of the club's success in 2003–04. He was instead loaned out to Third Division side Torquay United in October 2003, with the deal being made permanent in January 2004.
He played 34 league games in 2003–04, as the "Gulls" secured promotion into League One. Manager Leroy Rosenior could not keep the Plainmoor outfit in the third tier, however, and McGlinchey played 37 games as Torquay were relegated into League Two in 2004–05. He signed a 12-month contract in January 2005, but picked up a hamstring injury two months later. After a further medical examination in April his injury turned out actually to be a slipped disc. An operation was necessary, and in September 2005 he went under the knife. However this did not solve the problem and he was forced to retire in May 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19220273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220273" title="List of covered bridges of Bradford, Sullivan and Lycoming Counties">
List of covered bridges of Bradford, Sullivan and Lycoming Counties

The Covered Bridges of Bradford, Sullivan and Lycoming Counties are seven covered bridges in northcentral Pennsylvania in the United States, which were included on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in a Thematic Resources submission on July 24, 1980. One of the bridges is in Bradford County, and three each are in Lycoming and Sullivan counties. The Sullivan County bridges are the oldest as all three were built in or "circa" 1850, while the 1898 Buttonwood Covered Bridge in Lycoming County is the youngest. The Buttonwood bridge is also the shortest at , while the Hillsgrove Covered Bridge in Sullivan County is longest at . On July 2, 1973, the Hillsgrove bridge was the first of the seven to be added to the NRHP, and it was the only one so listed before the Thematic Resources submission.

</doc>
<doc id="19220276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220276" title="Linn Skåber">
Linn Skåber

Linn Skåber (born 31 March 1970) is a Norwegian actress, singer, comedian, text writer and TV personality. She made her stage début on Oslo Nye Teater ("Centralteatret") in 1997, playing the title role in Goldoni's comic opera Mirandolina. 
Skåber received "Komiprisen" in 2006 (best female artist), for her role in "Utlendingen", and a Gullruten award in 2007, for the TV series "Hjerte til hjerte".
From 2007 she has been panellist in the weekly TV comedy program "Nytt på nytt".
Stage performance.
After her theatre debut with "Mirandolina", she played in the musicals "Beatles" and "Rocky Horror Show" on Oslo Nye Teater (Centralteatret).
Outside the theatre stage she played with the cabaret group "Lompelandslaget" from 1993 to 2001, where she also contributed as script writer. She toured with Kristopher Schau in "Reidar Roses orkester" in the mid 1990s. "We had no money, played on the street, and slept over with strangers", she said in an interview a decade later.
Films.
Her film debut was a minor role in "1732 Høtten" (1998) (English title "Bloody Angels"). She has further participated in the films "Fire høytider" (2000), "Get Ready to be Boyzvoiced" (2000), "Tommys inferno" (2005), "Vinterkyss" (2005), "Gymnaslærer Perdersen" (2006), and "Den siste revejakta" (2008).
TV.
Skåber has participated in several TV series, among these are "Sejer - se deg ikke tilbake" (2000), "Ca. Lykkelig" (2000/2001), "Nissene på låven" (2001), "Sushi" (2001), "Brødrene Dal og mysteriet om Karl XIIs gamasjer" (2005) and "Herte til hjerte" (2007). The TV-series "Hjerte til hjerte" lead to wide media coverage, and Skåber became a popular guest star in Norwegian entertainment programs (16 guest appearances in eleven different programs during the first half part of 2007, more than anybody else in that period).
Writing.
She has worked as script writer on several productions, both for her own performances and for others.

</doc>
<doc id="19220332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220332" title="Barry Miller (footballer)">
Barry Miller (footballer)

Barry Miller (born 29 March 1976 in Ealing) is a former English professional footballer who was active between 1996 and 2004 and played in England. He notably played for Doncaster Rovers. Miller also had spells with Wokingham, Gillingham, Woking, Hucknall Town, Farnborough, Burton Albion.
Career.
Miller began his career as a junior with Brentford, but didn't make any first team appearances before moving to Wokingham in August 1996 on a free transfer.
He moved to Farnborough in August 1997, and shortly moved to Gillingham, where he didn't make as much of an impact as he would have liked. He then went on two successful loan spells to Woking and Doncaster Rovers. In September 2000, he made his loan move to Doncaster Rovers permanent and enjoyed his most successful spell at a club in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="19220350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220350" title="Mother Vulpine">
Mother Vulpine

Mother Vulpine were a four piece alternative rock band from Leeds, England. They formed in early 2006 and split unofficially sometime in late 2007. They were notable for their distinctive sound which quickly gained a lot of interest in the band, with its combination of Q.O.T.S.A. esque riffs and heavy dance orientated beats.
Career.
The band formed over a period of about four years, where Lindsay Wilson and Matt Bigland played guitar together and began the sounds and concepts that would later become Mother Vulpine. A while later, they enlisted Tom Hudson's help as a guitarist, but then realised he fitted perfectly as a bassist. In April 2006, they came across Ben Waddleton and decided to try him out as a drummer. The dance influenced beats he brought to the sound, were exactly what the band wanted for their original vision, and so he was asked to join.
In early 2007, the band were approached by Eagles of Death Metal's record label to submit a demo. The band used this opportunity to ask if they could support EODM on their UK tour, as they knew there would be a date passing through Leeds. Luck had it that the main support pulled out, so Mother Vulpine were asked to join the tour.
Around a similar time, the band sent demos to Justin Lockey from , who was insistent that he recorded their material. With growing media interest, the band decided to use this recording session for their debut single, which would be released by new Leeds label On The Bone Records. For the release, the band made a self-directed video made in the setting of a forest.
At the start of September 2007, the band announced on their MySpace page that they were cancelling all shows for the immediate future, to sort problems out within the band, suggesting that band members were not getting along. Some believe that guitarist Lindsay Wilson and bassist Tom Hudson had formed a relationship which might have had an effect. However. From this point the band made no official statement of a split, but instead various members started new projects of their own; with singer Matt Bigland forming Dinosaur Pile-up (www.dinosaurpileup.com) and bassist Tom Hudson forming Pulled Apart By Horses. Guitarist Lindsay Wilson also joined Grammatics on Cello.

</doc>
<doc id="19220370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220370" title="Wai'anapanapa State Park">
Wai'anapanapa State Park

Waianapanapa State Park is a state park in Hana, on the island of Maui, in Hawaii. It is located at the end of Waianapanapa Road off Hana Highway, east of Kahului, Maui. Waianapanapa means “glistening fresh water” in the Hawaiian language, referring to nearby fresh water streams and sparkling pools. The camp offers camping facilities, including a small lawn where campers may pitch a tent, and a public bathroom nearby.
Natural history.
Waianapanapa State Park's natural features include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19220374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220374" title="List of Egyptian Armenians">
List of Egyptian Armenians

A list of notable Egyptian Armenians who have contributed to modern Egypt:

</doc>
<doc id="19220383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220383" title="New Jersey Lightning">
New Jersey Lightning

The New Jersey Lightning are a professional basketball team based in Randolph, New Jersey, in the United States. The Lightning is a member of the Eastern Basketball Alliance. The Lightning current home venue is County College of Morris.
Former Players.
<br style="clear:both;">
New Jersey Lightning: EBA History.
The New Jersey Lightning have been members of the Eastern Basketball Association since 2007. The franchise is owned by Champion Sports and Entertainment. The EBA first organized in 1946, the Eastern Basketball Association (EBA) was an East Coast-based league with teams coming from Pennsylvania and the surrounding states. It was eventually supplanted by the Easter Basketball League (EBL). 
Throughout the years, a group of adventurous basketballers in the early 1990s created the Atlantic Basketball Association (ABA) which had a strong commitment from Pennsylvania. 
Still another group played its inaugural 1996/97 season as the Eastern Basketball Alliance (EBA). This league played the season with seven teams. In the fall of 1997, the EBA became organized and incorporated, and expanded to ten franchises, representing five different states. 
The 1998 season featured teams located in Lancaster, PA; York, PA; Reading, PA; Harrisburg, PA; Wilkes-Barre, PA; Mercer County, NJ; Springfield, MA; Brooklyn, NY; Hudson Valley, NY; and New Haven, CT. The '98 season also marked the first time that the EBA elected a commissioner, in the person of Julius McCoy, and set up a league office. 
In 1999, four EBA teams and two ABA teams joined together and played the season under the banner of UBA (United Basketball Alliance). This continued in 2000 and 2001 with nine teams participating. 
2002 saw the league return to its historic and incorporated roots of the Eastern Basketball Alliance, where it flourishes today. Most noteworthy is the high-caliber of play, and the strength of individual franchises and of the league. Organizationally, the EBA has never been stronger, which, combined with the solid group of existing franchises, makes the EBA one of the fastest growing professional leagues in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19220396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220396" title="Médanos">
Médanos


</doc>
<doc id="19220398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220398" title="Orote Field">
Orote Field

Orote Field is a former air base in the United States territory of Guam built by the United States Marine Corps and the United States Navy (1921-1931). It was captured by the Imperial Japanese Navy at the start of World War II and remained under Japanese control until the end of July 1944, when it was taken back by the USMC. The airfield itself, built on the Orote Peninsula, was one of many on Guam, and was closed for good in 1946, but still sees some use as a touch-and-go training strip used by C-130 Hercules crews located nearby on Andersen Air Force Base.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19220415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220415" title="Darren Carr">
Darren Carr

Darren Carr (born 4 September 1968 in Bristol) is a retired English football defender. In the 1996–97 season, he was part of Chesterfield's historic run to the FA Cup semi final, coming on as a substitute in both the semi final and semi final replay against Middlesbrough.

</doc>
<doc id="19220416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220416" title="Carlos Eire">
Carlos Eire

Career.
Before joining the Yale faculty in 1996, he taught at St. John’s University in Minnesota and the University of Virginia, and spent two years at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton.
He is the author of "War Against the Idols" (Cambridge, 1986), "From Madrid to Purgatory" (Cambridge, 1995), "A Very Brief History of Eternity" (Princeton, 2009), and "Reformations: Early Modern Europe 1450-1700" (forthcoming, Yale, 2014). He is also co-author of "Jews, Christians, Muslims: An Introduction to Monotheistic Religions" (Prentice Hall, 1997). His memoir of the Cuban Revolution, Waiting for Snow in Havana (Free Press, 2003), won the U.S. National Book Award for Nonfiction and has been translated into many languages. A second memoir, "Learning to Die in Miami" (November 2010) focuses on the early years of his exile in the United States.
Personal life.
Carlos Eire was born in Havana, Cuba, on 23 November 1950. At the age of eleven he fled to the United States without his parents, as one of 14,000 unaccompanied Cuban children airlifted by Operation Peter Pan.

</doc>
<doc id="19220428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220428" title="Medical and Surgical History of the War of the Rebellion">
Medical and Surgical History of the War of the Rebellion

The Medical and Surgical History of the War of the Rebellion, 1861-65 (the MSHWR) was a U.S. Government Printing Office publication consisting of six volumes published between 1870 and 1888 and “prepared Under the Direction of Surgeon General United States Army, Joseph K. Barnes”. The history was divided into three parts, each consisting of a medical history volume and a surgical history volume. The works detail tens of thousands of surgical cases and diseases occurring during the American Civil War (1861-65).
The MSHWR included numerous statistical summaries relating to diseases, wounds, and deaths in both the Union and Confederate armies, almost all of the material formed from the reports of U.S. medical directors, surgeons, doctors, and hospital staff. The accounts are a basic source for medical data on the War and also comprise an important source of information relating to individual soldiers. The names of the surgeons who submitted these case studies are almost always included, so the books can be helpful in tracking where an individual surgeon was at various times.
Hundreds of etchings, wood engravings, charts, and tables, as well as many photographs and color plates (lithographs, chromolithographs, albumen photographs, heliotypes, and woodburytypes) accompany the approximately 3,000 pages of densely printed text. (Almost every reproductive process available at the time can be found somewhere within the six volumes.) 
Publication of the MSHWR was preceded by publication of "Reports on the Extent and Nature of the Materials Available for the Preparation of a Medical and Surgical History of the Rebellion" (Surgeon General's Office; War Department, J.B. Lippincott, 1865).
The MSHWR was reprinted (1990-92) as "The Medical and Surgical History of the Civil War" (Broadfoot Publishing Company; editor, James I. Robertson, Jr.).
In addition to original printings and the reprinting, the MSHWR is also available on CD and on the internet (see External links).
The volumes.
Prepared under the direction of Joseph K. Barnes, Surgeon General United States Army, by J.J. Woodward, Assistant Surgeon United States Army. Consists of a series of statistical tables summarizing the monthly reports made to the Surgeon General regarding the Sickness of the Army, Deaths, and Discharges and is arranged into two groups: Part I refers to "Sickness and Mortality of White Troops" and Part II to "Colored Troops." 
Prepared, under the direction of Joseph K. Barnes, Surgeon General United States Army, by George A. Otis, Assistant Surgeon, United States Army. Covers wounds and injuries of the head, face, neck, spine, and chest. Includes a chronological summary of engagements and battles.
Prepared under the direction of Joseph K. Barnes, Surgeon General, United States Army, by Joseph Janvier Woodward, Surgeon, United States Army. Covers diarrhea and dysentery; Case studies and heliotype illustrations of diseases and sections of tissue, etc. 
Prepared under the direction of Joseph K. Barnes, Surgeon General United States Army by George A. Otis, Assistant Surgeon, United States Army. Covers injuries of the abdomen, pelvis, flesh wounds of the back, and wounds and injuries of the upper extremities. 
Prepared under the direction of Surgeon General John Moore, United States Army, by Charles Smart, Major and Surgeon, United States Army. Covers medical statistics; camp fevers [ typhus, etc.] and other miasmatic diseases; scurvy; diseases attributed to non-miasmatic exposure; and other diseases such as nostalgia, army itch, poisoning, alcoholism, and venereal diseases; Includes one small folding map.
Prepared under the direction of Joseph K. Barnes, Surgeon General United States Army by George A. Otis and D.L. Huntington. Covers "Wounds and Injuries of the Lower Extremities," "Miscellaneous Injuries," "Wounds and Complications," "Anesthetics," "The Medical Staff and Materia Chirurgica," and "Transportation of the Wounded."
External links.
The MSHWR at the Internet Archive:

</doc>
<doc id="19220448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220448" title="Video game controversies">
Video game controversies

Video game controversies are debates about video game content and the potential for that content to negatively impact player attitude and behavior. Since the early 1980s, advocates of video games have emphasized their use as an expressive medium and argued for their protection under laws of freedom of speech. Detractors argue that video games are harmful and therefore subject to legislative oversight and restrictions. The effect of video games, particularly whether they cause harm, is the subject of scientific study. Results of investigations into links between video games and addiction, aggression, violence, social development, and a variety of stereotyping and sexual morality issues are inconsistent. 
Background.
Since the late 1990s, there have been numerous highly publicized incidents, where acts of great violence have been attributed to video game playing by the perpetrators. Some research finds violent video games use correlates with a temporary increase in aggression and decrease in prosocial behavior (caring about the welfare and rights of others) but results are not reproduced consistently. Others theorise positive effects including prosocial behavior in some contexts and argue that the video game industry has served as a scapegoat for more generalised problems. In response to public concern about video games, some governments have enacted, or have tried to enact, legislation that regulates distribution of video games, including censorship with content rating systems or banning.
Research methods.
There are five dimensions researchers most often focus on when analyzing the effects video games can have on the players. These five dimensions are the amount of game play, the content of the game, the context that the game is played in, the structure of the game, and the mechanics of the game. Studies that focus on amount of game play often look at grades and health of individuals as the amount of time playing video games increases. Studies looking at the content of video games are often concerned with the level of violence in the games, or the manner in which characters act or are portrayed and how this affects players' perceptions and behaviors. The context a game is played in looks at the group dynamic of video games, and how prosocial behaviors are inhibited or developed. The structure of the game is less of a controversial topic, mainly pertaining to improvements in visual attention skills or translating three-dimensional information from the two-dimensional display. Lastly, mechanics of game play studies often look at the possible improvements to be gaining in certain areas, like hand-eye coordination.
Demographics.
Age.
According to The Entertainment Software Association, 20% of video game players are boys under the age of 17 and 26% are men and women over the age of 50. The average age of a video game player is 37. The updated information on a 2013 survey according to The Entertainment Software Association, the average age of a video game player is 30.
According to a survey of 1102 12–17 year olds, 97% have played video games and have played in the last day.
Three-quarters of parents who were surveyed in a study said that they check the ratings on their children's games before allowing them to purchase it. However, about 50% of the boys and 14% of the girls favored games with an "M" (mature) or "AO" (adult-only) rating.
The adult demographic is the fastest-growing segment of the American video games market; 32% of adults now play video games.
Controversial topics.
Crime and violence.
One of the most common criticisms of video games is that it leads to increased tendencies for aggression in youth. Numerous studies have been conducted on this topic and several have found a correlation between these two aspects. However, several other major studies by groups such as The Harvard Medical School Center for Mental Health, "The Journal of Adolescent Health", and "The British Medical Journal" have found no conclusive link between video game usage and violent activity.
A number of studies found a positive correlation between video game play and increased violent behavior. One study did find an increase in reports of bullying, noting, "Our research found that certain patterns of video game play were much more likely to be associated with these types of behavioral problems than with major violent crime such as school shootings." Long Island PTA president Ronnie Lamm pushed for legislation in the early 1980s to place restrictions on how close video game arcades could be to schools, asserting that they caused children to fight. Portrayals of violence have allegedly become more realistic with time, prompting politicians such as U.S. Senator Joe Lieberman to conduct hearings during the 1990s regarding what he referred to as "violent video games" which, in his opinion, included games like "Mortal Kombat". His sentiments have been echoed by researchers including Dr. Craig A. Anderson who testified on the topic before the U.S. Senate and who in 2003 found that "ome studies have yielded nonsignificant video game effects, just as some smoking studies failed to find a significant link to lung cancer. But when one combines all relevant empirical studies using meta-analytic techniques, it shows that violent video games are significantly associated with: increased aggressive behavior, thoughts, and affect; increased physiological arousal; and decreased pro-social (helping) behavior." Anderson himself was later criticized by both opposing witnesses and the judge in a 2005 video game court case for failing to cite research that differed from his view.
"" (2002) is an example of a video game that stirred a lot of controversy due its violent game play and for allegedly encouraging racist hate crimes. The game takes place in "Vice City", a fictionalized Miami, in 1986, and involves a gang war between Haitians and Cuban refugees, with the player's character getting involved and encouraging the inter-ethnic violence. For example, in a shoot-out with the Haitian gang, which highly incensed both Haitian and Cuban anti-defamation groups; after the Haitian-American Coalition threatened to sue Rockstar in 2006. Rockstar removed the word "Haitians" from this phrase in the game's subtitles and replaced with "gangster".
Lt. Col. David Grossman, a former West Point psychology professor, has written several books related to the subject of violence in the media including "" (1996) and "Stop Teaching Our Kids to Kill" (1999). During tense periods of video game controversy, he has been interviewed on the contents of his books and has repeatedly used the term "murder simulator" to describe first-person shooter games. He argues that video game publishers unethically train children in the use of weapons and, more importantly, harden them emotionally to the act of murder by simulating the killing of hundreds or thousands of opponents in a single typical video game. Grossman's conclusions have been criticized by some scholars, however, as highly selective and misleading.
Research published by Drs. Craig A. Anderson and B.J. Bushman in 2001 suggested that violent video games may increase mild forms of aggressive behavior in children and young adults. Also, analyses have found that exposure to violent video games results in increased physiological arousal, aggression-related thoughts and feelings as well as decreased prosocial behavior. The research comprised a meta analysis, laboratory and field studies. However meta-analyses by other groups have not replicated these findings and have been critical of attempts to link violent games with aggression. For instance in 2007 John Sherry asked: "why do some researchers (e.g. Gentile & Anderson, 2003) continue to argue that video games are dangerous despite evidence to the contrary?"
A 2003 study by Dr. Craig A. Anderson "et al." compared the effects of violent video games on youth violence to those of smoking on lung cancer. In a 2010 article for "Review of General Psychology", Christopher J. Ferguson ruled out a relationship between video game violence and serious aggression, concluding: "Taken together these meta-analyses range from those which argue against meaningful effects to those which find weak effects. Thus the debate on video game violence has been reduced to whether video game violence produces no effects...or almost no effects."
Other studies reach the conclusion that violence in video games is not causally linked with aggressive tendencies. This was the conclusion of a 1999 study by the U.S. government, prompting Surgeon General David Satcher to say, "We clearly associate media violence to aggressive behavior. But the impact was very small compared to other things. Some may not be happy with that, but that's where the science is." A 2007 meta-analysis by psychologist Jonathan Freedman reviewed over 200 published studies and also reached this conclusion, finding that the "vast and overwhelming majority" did not establish a causal link. A 2002 US Secret Service study of 41 individuals involved in school shootings found that only 12% were attracted to violent video games, while 24% read violent books and 27% were attracted to violent films. A 2007 Swinburne University of Technology study found that only children already predisposed to violence were affected by violent games. A long-term outcome study of youth published in 2010 by Christopher J. Ferguson, found no long-term relationship between playing violent video games and youth violence or bullying.
In order to judge the morality of video games, it is important to conduct research that could, first, accurately present the moral principles in which the games are based. While researchers focus on the negative effects of violent video games, many games are in fact far less violent than critics make them out to be. To elaborate, it is prejudicial, in the context of design, to define the morals and messages of video games without first analyzing the entire gaming experience. Frequently singled out, the GTA series provides players with an open-world environment in which they may either complete missions or freely roam about. In one study, a player spent 90 minutes playing GTA IV and only killed two people. This is fair less than expected if solely based on initial negative criticisms of the game.
A 2011 longitudinal study of youth in Germany conducted by Maria von Salisch found that aggressive children tend to select more violent video games and not the reverse. This study found no evidence that violent games are psychologically harmful to minors. The author further speculated that other studies may have been affected by "single responder bias" due to focusing on youth self-report of aggression rather than reports by parents or teachers.
In "Grand Theft Childhood: The Surprising Truth About Violent Video Games and What Parents Can Do" (2008), researchers/authors Lawrence Kutner, PhD, and Cheryl K. Olson, ScD, refute claims that violent video games cause increases in violent behavior. The researchers' study finds that adolescents that do not play video games at all are most at-risk for violent behavior (but without statistical significance), and claims that video game play is part of an adolescent boy's normal social setting. However, the authors do not completely deny the negative influences of violent (M-rated) video games on pre-teens and teenagers. Kutner and Olson say that the views of both alarmists and the video game industry are often supported by flawed or misconstrued studies. The real risks according to them are not just exposure to violence, gore, and sex, but are more subtle—with some children at greater risk than others.
Official 2010 records at the U.S. Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention and Office of Justice Programs show that violent crime rates have declined dramatically since the early 1990s in the USA, among both juveniles and adults. This decrease occurred despite an explosion in sales of violent video games and increases in graphically violent content during the same period. According to Dr. Craig A. Anderson, video game violence is not the primary contributor to societal violence, however, as there are many other factors at play.
According to media scholar Henry Jenkins:
Fears have been expressed about player exposure to violent video games. For example, politicians, people, and organizations have considered video games effects on society, where the causative factor was not clear, "there has been some fears specially from UK news service that hijackers may have used flight simulator software to practice flying jet planes, also, "Beam Breakers" removed all references to the World Trade Center already used in the game 1".
The most recent large scale meta-analysis (2010), examining 130 studies with over 130,000 participants worldwide, concluded that exposure to violent video games causes both short term and long term aggression in players and decreases empathy and prosocial behavior. However, this meta-analysis was criticized by Dr. Christopher Ferguson, department chair of psychology and communications at Texas A&M International University in Laredo, for a number of methodological flaws including failure to abide by quantifiable measurements of aggression and for failing to engage dissenting studies which Ferguson suggested as having an aggravating effect on the sampling bias of incorporated studies. Some of the authors from the original meta-analysis replied to this critique by defending their methodological and statistical approach. In an interview with CBSNews.com, Ferguson said he has not come across any link between playing violent video games and likelihood for violent behavior. Referring to children with mental health problems, Ferguson noted that "we can't find any evidence that those kids are affected either."
Biological links to aggressive behavior.
Some researchers believe that while playing violent video games leads to violent actions, there are also biological influences that impact a person's choices. According to Sean P. Neubert of Rochester Institute of Technology, a person who is biologically predisposed to aggression will be more strongly influenced by violent scenes and thus will have a greater risk for carrying out destructive actions. For example someone with antisocial personality disorder has a greater risk of going out and shooting someone after playing hours of Grand Theft Auto or a game of a similar nature.
Other biological theories of aggression and violence have specifically excluded video game and other media effects. For instance the Catalyst Model proposed by Ferguson and Beaver specifically exclude media violence as a contributor to violence, arguing research evidence for such effects have been weak, and media violence is too distal a factor to have much influence.
Sexual themes.
Sexual themes in video games are much less tolerated in the US than violent themes. One well-known example of a controversy related to sexual themes in video games is the Hot Coffee mod controversy. In June 2005, an entire portion of unused code was found within the main script of "", allowing the player to simulate sexual intercourse with the main character's girlfriends. The game could be accessed in the PC version via mod, and through Action Replay codes in the PS2 and Xbox versions. The scene was left on the disc and could be accessed by altering a few bytes of the game's code via hex editor. This feature prompted the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) to change the rating of San Andreas to "Adults Only" on July 20, 2005. Furthermore, the game was pulled from many stores. Rockstar Games posted a loss of $28.8 million that quarter.
Another game that sparked controversy because of its sexual content was "RapeLay", a Japanese eroge (see below) with a storyline centering around the player's character stalking and raping a mother and her two daughters. Campaigns against the game resulted in its being banned in many countries. "RapeLay"'s publisher, which had never intended for the game to be available outside of Japan, eventually withdrew it from distribution entirely.
Sex and nudity.
Very few North American video games display full frontal nudity. Sexual themes are more common in Japanese PC games, particularly in the eroge and visual novel genres, where they often play a similar role to sex scenes in Hollywood movies. However, console companies such as Microsoft, Nintendo and Sony often do not license adult-only content games for their systems, except for visual novels. These novels are often ported to Sony and Microsoft consoles in Japan, but with sex scenes removed from the game to lower the CERO rating.
Portrayal of gender.
A 1998 study conducted at the University of Central Florida found that of the 33 games sampled, 41% do not feature female characters, 28% sexually objectified women, 21% depicted violence against women, and 30% did not represent the female population at all. Furthermore, characterizations of women tended to be stereotypical: highly sexualized ("visions of beauty with large breasts and hips"), dependent ("victim or as the proverbial 'Damsel in Distress'"), opposed ("evil or as obstacles to the goal of the game"), and trivial ("females depicted in fairly non-significant roles").
However, this report has been criticized for not representing a wide range of video games, and that the games analyzed—being up to 20 years old—do not represent the current status of the video game industry. Also, strong female characters are increasingly more prevalent in video games. There is also analysis lacking on the often narrow gender role depictions and stereotypes of male characters, whether it be represented physically as violent, overly muscled, or blazing big guns, or demonstrated socially in what is expected of them to be viewed as worthwhile. For example, despite male characters often being depicted as powerful, the power comes at the high price of risking life and limb often solely to attain the affection of a beautiful female, who may be argued to hold a kind of beauty, sexual, or emotional power which causes the male character to go through such risk in the first place. It can also be argued that if female characters can be viewed as sex objects then male characters can be viewed as violence objects, with both male hereos and villains often receiving ample violence onto them as well as using much violence themselves onto others.
A study conducted by Children Now in 2003 has indicated that gender stereotypes pervade most video games. Male characters (52%) were more likely than females (32%) to engage in physical aggression. Nearly 20% of female characters were hyper-sexualized in some way, while 35% of male characters were extremely muscular.
Terry Flew has expressed the view that gender bias exists in many games. In 2005, Flew wrote that general representations of gender in digital games are stereotyped. Male characters are portrayed as hard bodied, muscled men while female characters are portrayed as soft bodied, nearly naked women with large breasts. In addition, Flew also believes that female characters in games are usually portrayed in a narrowly stereotypical manner. Females are usually constructed as visual objects in need of protection who wait for male rescue, whereas men are portrayed with more power. According to Flew, such depiction of females in games reflects underlying social ideas of male dominance and themes of masculinity. Although not all video games contain such stereotypes, Flew suggests that there are enough to make it a general trait. Ultimately, Flew ends with the statement of the broad demographic's excessive demands, in that '...different genders have different gaming.'
However, other video games feature more active, powerful female characters. One such example would be the protagonist Lara Croft in the "Tomb Raider" video game series. She is presented as a beautiful, clever, athletic, and brave English archaeologist-adventurer. Lara Croft has achieved popularity with both males and females as an action heroine, although depending on what perspective is applied she can either represent 'a positive role model for young girls' or a 'combination of eye and thumb candy for the boys'. In 2004, game developer Eidos remodeled the character for "". The character was modified to have a more believable figure with less revealing clothing in order to avoid offending female gamers.
It has also been claimed that violent video games have the effect of reinforcing sexist stereotypes.
LGBT characters.
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) characters have been depicted in some video games since the 1980s. LGBT content has been subject to changing rules and regulations by game companies. These rules are generally examples of heterosexism in that heterosexuality is normalized while homosexuality is subject to additional censorship or ridicule. Sexual orientation and gender identity were significant in some console and PC games, with the trend being toward greater visibility of LGBT identities, particularly in Japanese popular culture and games marketed to LGBT consumers.
Social development.
Over two hundred published studies examine the effects of violence in entertainment media, partially focusing on violence in video games. Some psychological studies have shown a correlation between children playing violent video games and psychological sufferings, although many other studies find no such link causation.
In 2004, the American Psychological Association summarized the issue as "Psychological research confirms that violent video games can increase children's aggression, but that parents moderate the negative effects." A more recent press release by the APA in 2010 summarized recent research findings as "Bad effects depend on certain personality traits; games can offer learning opportunities for others". Craig Anderson has conducted meta-analysis of previous studies and claimed they have demonstrated five effects: "increased aggressive behavior, thoughts, and affect; increased physiological arousal; and decreased pro-social (helping) behavior".
Nevertheless, other studies have explicitly denied that such a connection exists, most notably Anderson and Ford (1986), Winkel "et al." (1987), Scott (1995), Ballard and Lineberger (1999), and Jonathan Freedman (2002). More recently, Block and Crain (2007) claim that, in a critical paper by Anderson (and his co-author, Bushman), data was improperly calculated and produced fallacious results. Other meta-analyses by other groups, such as by Ferguson and Kilburn (2009) and Sherry (2007) have repudiated any links between video game violence and aggression, as have recent reviews by the Australian Government (2010) and the US Supreme Court (June, 2011).
After conducting a two-year study of more than 1,200 middle school children about their attitudes towards video games, Harvard Medical School researchers Lawrence Kutner and Cheryl Olson found that playing video games did not have a particularly negative effect.
The portrayal of race in video games has also been an issue, seen in games like the "Grand Theft Auto" series, "Custer's Revenge", ', and '. In 2009, the issue of race emerged with the release of "Resident Evil 5", wherein the player kills numerous African enemies, resulting in arguments from both parties. In response, supporters of Resident Evil 5 argued that to censor the portrayal of black antagonists was discrimination in itself. A similar outrage also occurred when it was revealed that "Left 4 Dead 2", set in New Orleans, would include African-American zombies. These and other games demonstrate an interesting trend towards the increased presence of racial differences in video games. It is true that "significantly, these games, and particularly their questionable claims of authenticity, establish compelling learning environments that help facilitate how young gamers develop their knowledge of and familiarity with popular views of race and urban culture."
Video games have been linked to improving cognitive functions such as visual cooperation and decision making. Daphne Bavelier has conducted many studies on the effects of video games, and in a study conducted by the University of Rochester, gamers who played action games were able to make decisions faster and more accurately than non gamers. Bavelier said "It's not the case that the action game players are trigger-happy and less accurate: They are just as accurate and also faster. Action game players make more correct decisions per unit time. If you are a surgeon or you are in the middle of a battlefield, that can make all the difference."
Addiction.
Video game addiction is the excessive or compulsive use of computer and video games that interferes with daily life. Instances have been reported in which users play compulsively, isolating themselves from family and friends or from other forms of social contact, and focus almost entirely on in-game achievements rather than broader life events. The first video game to attract political controversy for its "addictive properties" was the 1978 arcade game "Space Invaders".
Censorship.
Many video games have certain elements removed or edited due to regional rating standards. While, in the past, games were often toned down when translated overseas, in terms of violence, religious references, sexual themes, etc., when compared to Japanese counterparts, in recent years rating organizations have imposed restrictions on games.
Digital rights management.
Digital Rights Management (DRM) is a type of technology that it intended to control the use of digital content and devices after purchase. Many companies make use of DRM to prevent copyright infringement and protecting an entity's intellectual property from public access. Opponents of DRM argue that it only inconveniences legitimate customers and allows big business to stifle innovation and competition. DRM has gained strength thanks to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) of 1998; which sought to outlaw any attempt to bypass DRM.
Always-on Digital Rights Management (DRM), also known as persistant online authentication, is a type of controversial technology related to video games. This technology requires a consumer to maintain a connection to a host server in order to use a particular product or play a game. Supporters focus on DRM as a tool for companies to protect and auto update their products. Those against Always-on DRM focus on server connection difficulties, single player offline preferences, and game playability once companies shut down a server.
Criticism of DRM has even caused Microsoft to do a complete reversal on its DRM policies for Xbox One.
Physiological effects.
In a 2011 study from Karachi, Pakistan, it was observed that short periods of electronic gaming in young adults are associated with increased heart rates in inexperienced gamers to an extent similar to that of moderate physical activity for an individual. On the other hand, results also showed that experienced gamers actually had lower heart rates during the same time period, in comparison to inexperienced gamers.
Similar and other effects were denounced in 2004 by Gary Webb in his article "The killing game", exposing the use of increased reality videogames by the US Army.
Publicized incidents.
Many incidents that are speculated to be related to video games in recent decades have helped fuel controversy.
Theories of video game effects.
Several theoretical approaches have been applied to potential video game violence effects (or lack thereof). These models compete, attempting to explain how video games may or may not have effects on players.
For example the Catalyst Model of aggression comes from a diathesis-stress perspective, implying that aggression is due to a combination of genetic risk and environmental strain. The Catalyst Model suggests that stress, coupled with antisocial personalities is most salient in leading to aggressive behaviour. The Catalyst Model does allow that proximal influences such as family or peers may influence aggressiveness. However the Catalyst Model specifically states that media influences are too weak and distant to have much influence.
The General Aggression Model (GAM) models video games as having an influence on people, proposing that a participant's thoughts, feelings and physical arousal can be affected by simulated violence. The GAM asserts believes this creates an effect on an individual's interpretation of an aggressive or violent act.
The GAM claims that video games have both short- and long-term effects. In the short-term the aggressive cognitions, affects and arousal are posited to increase while long-term effects are asserted to be possible, but not yet accurately determined. Anderson and Bushman claim violent video games promote violent behavior, attitudes and beliefs by desensitizing an individual to aggression.
Regulation of video games.
In response to concerns about video games, governments around the globe have enacted or attempted to enact legislation regulating, prohibiting, or outright banning video games. Similarly, support for video game and media regulation has been linked to moral panic. To that end, different video game content rating systems have been introduced across the globe.
Psychology professor Chris Ferguson discusses in an interview how these myths are perpetuated. When asked to describe the nature of how negative propaganda is spread by activist against video games, Ferguson explained that many respected academics and elected officials develop apprehension towards the media in question and formulate disproportionate accusations of harm. Those claims are out in the public when expert evidence proves them to be invalid, making it difficult to withdraw from such allegations. Possible motivations for why activist claims are not retracted are "...there are certain financial incentives and political incentives. It's hard to get grant money arguing that something *isn't* a problem...and some scholars take money from anti-media lobbying groups. Politically scholars to support a government mandated censorship regimen naturally intend to be in charge of that regimen themselves". Ferguson adds that present research on violence in video games confirms no valid link, "The best studies now coming out—those which take care to use well-validated clinical outcome measures and which carefully control for other important risk factors—provide no support for the belief that VVG contributes to youth violence".
Voluntary rating systems adopted by the video game industry, such as the ESRB rating system in the United States and Canada (established in 1994), as well as the Pan European Game Information (PEGI) rating system in Europe (established in 2003), that are aimed at informing parents about the types of games their children are playing (or are asking to play). Certain game publishers' decision to have controversial games rated seems to show that they are not targeted at young children. They are rated by the ESRB as "Mature" (M) or "Adults Only" (AO) in the US, or given British Board of Film Classification (BBFC) ratings of 15 or 18 in the UK. The packaging notes that these games should not be sold to children. In the US, ESRB ratings are not legally binding, but many retailers take it upon themselves to refuse the sale of these games to minors. In the United Kingdom (UK), the BBFC ratings are backed up by law, so it is actually illegal to sell the game to anyone under the indicated age, and many UK retailers go beyond that and also enforce the PEGI ratings, which are not backed up by law. No video game console manufacturer has yet to allow any game to be published in North America with the harshest ESRB rating, "Adults Only", signaling that the game is only appropriate for ages 18 years and up. Additionally, no major retailers are willing to set aside shelf space for AO-rated games. Although Grand Theft Auto San Andreas was given a rating of AO after widespread surfacing of an add-on originally deleted from the game, "Hot Coffee," in which the player controls a fully clothed sexual encounter. It was later fully removed and the game retained the M rating. GTA San Andreas is the best selling game to ever receive the AO rating.
The sales of M- and AO-rated games to minors has been an issue of much concern to parent groups and public officials, and bills have been submitted to government agencies, including the Video Games Ratings Enforcement Act introduced to the US House of Representatives in both the 109th Congress and 110th Congress. The proposed legislation would require an ID check for M- and AO-rated game purchases. The bill was not passed into law and other proposed bills were stopped because of First Amendment violations.
Although no law mandates ID checking for games with adult content, a 2008 secret shopper survey done by the Federal Trade Commission shows that video game retailers have voluntarily increased ID verification for M- and AO-rated games, and sales of those games to underage potential buyers have been reduced from 83% in 2000 to only 20% in 2008.
In April 2011, the Federal Trade Commission undercover shopper survey found that video game retailers continue to enforce the ratings by allowing only 13% of underage teenage shoppers to buy M-rated video games, a statistically significant improvement from the 20% purchase rate in 2009. By contrast, underage shoppers purchased R-rated movies 38% of the time, and unrated movies 47% of the time.
On January 7, 2009, Representative Joe Baca of California's 43rd District introduced H.R. 231, the Video Game Health Labelling Act. This bill called for labels to be placed in a "clear and conspicuous location on the packaging" which states "WARNING: Excessive exposure to violent video games and other violent media has been linked to aggressive behaviour." The proposed legislation mandated that all video games with an ESRB rating of T (Teen) or higher be subjected to the compulsory labelling. The press release accompanying the introduction of the bill referred to scientific studies from the Pediatrics Journal, Indiana University, University of Missouri and Michigan State University which pointed to a "neurological link between playing violent video games and aggressive behaviour in children and teenagers." The proposed legislation was referred on to the Subcommittee on Commerce, Trade and Consumer Protection. On January 24, 2011; Rep. Joe Baca reintroduced the Video Game Health Labelling Act as H.R. 400 of the 112th Congress. The bill was once again passed onto the Subcommittee.
On June 27, 2011, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled on "Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Association", cited video games as protected speech under the First Amendment. The case centered on a California law that sought to restrict sales of violent video games to minors. The video game industry, led by the Entertainment Merchants Association and the Entertainment Software Association, successfully obtained an injunction on the bill, believing that definition of violence defined by the California law was too vague and would not treat video games as protected speech. This opinion was upheld in lower courts, and supported by the Supreme Court's decision. In the decision, the Court determined that there was no direct link between violent video games and their influence on children, in as much as compared to other types of media like television and pictures, and that they could not create a new class of restricted speech that is not applied to other forms of media.
On April 3, 2013, California Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein spoke in San Francisco to a group of 500 constituents about gun violence. In her talk she brought the game industry to task saying video games have "a very negative role for young people, and the industry ought to take note of that." In the talk she also said Congress might have to step in if the video games industry did not cease to glorify guns.
Video game consoles have been banned in China since June 2000.
Parental controls.
According to the Entertainment Software Association (ESA) and the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) parents believe that parental controls on gaming consoles are useful. The percentile of parents that do place times limits are shown: 79% of parents place time limits on video game playing. 78% of parents place time limits on internet usage. 72% place time limits on television viewing. 69% place time limits on movie viewing. Through the development of gaming consoles, parents are able to control how much gaming time their child plays by simply preseting the gaming console to the number they want. As shown here are the numbers of the presets and their description on a Playstation 3 gaming console:
2- EC (Early Childhood 3+),
3- E (Everyone 6+),
4- E10 (Everyone 10+),
5- T (Teen 13+),
9- M (Mature 17+), and
10- AO (Adults Only 18+). According to the ESA, the lower the number, the tighter the restrictions. Setting restrictions at one of these numbers will prevent games rated above that level from being played on the system.
Positive effects of video games.
Violent and non-violent video games may become the future of how people teach and learn as a society. Unlike other media available today, video games have the ability to gain the full attention of the player by immersing them in a virtual world. In these virtual environments players must learn new techniques and concepts in order to advance to the next level, or just stay alive. These environments can be created to teach firefighting skills or help soldiers learn proper combat techniques. If there is something a person would like to teach, a video game can be created to help its intended audience learn that something. The potential of video games as a learning and teaching device is slowly being recognized by today's researchers. Violent and non-violent video games may become the unlikely champion of education.
Numerous researchers have proposed potential positive effects of video games on aspects of social and cognitive development and psychological well-being. It has been shown that action video game players have better hand-eye coordination and visuo-motor skills, such as their resistance to distraction, their sensitivity to information in the peripheral vision and their ability to count briefly presented objects, than non-players. With the development of the PlayStation Move, Kinect and Wii, video games can also help develop motor skills through full body movement. Video games also develop the individual's intelligence, and in social games develop the social capabilities of the individual.
Another way in which the usage of video games might provide a benefit is in the relief of stress. There is a study being conducted by Dr.Cheryl Olson and her team at Massachusetts General Hospital's (MGH) Center for Mental Health and Media and Harvard to prove that violent games help students deal with stress and aggression. She has found that over 49% of boys and 25% of girls use violent games such as Grand Theft Auto IV as an outlet for their anger. Dr. Olson has come to the conclusion that violent games affect students positively and not negatively because crime rates are decreasing while the popularity of M-rated video games has increased. She suggests that instead of stopping children from playing M-rated games completely, parents should just monitor how much time their children spend playing games. Parents should take responsibility.
Dr. Olson also wrote a review in 2010 for the Review of General Psychology, on the topic of what motivates children to play video games and what role video games play in normal child development. The studies suggest that video games can have social benefits for children; for example, video games can provide a topic of discussion and something over which children can bond, and can help children make friends. Playing video games can increase a child's self-esteem when they are struggling in one aspect of their life, but are able to do something correctly in a video game. Children can also learn to take on leadership roles within a multi-player online game.
Several studies have explored the possible benefits of multiplayer video games in a family setting. The most recent study found that girls 11–16 who played video games with their parents had better mental health and less aggressive behavior, with a stronger connection if they played age-appropriate games.
Many studies have been done on gaming and its integration into the classroom in order to support the educator. "The use of gaming has the ability to actively involve students in learning." On-line gaming is especially important in helping students build collaborative skills while completing given tasks. Playing video games outside of the school is a way to develop useful skills for the classroom and the rest of the social world for that matter. It's quite common for games to use puzzles, mazes, and recalling past events in the game to progress. It will also show the child that sometimes choices may be hard to make when trying to get something done. It has a person evaluate consequences and benefits from a choice, and also decide to confront or avoid a problem based on their individual skill set. Video games can be very advantageous to the mind and in a sense that they help improve dexterity, computer literacy, and other mental skills that can be very beneficial. Video games also improve fact recall processes in the brain and improve problem solving skills.
Video games teach an individual to not be burdened by defeat. Players learn that the information gained though failing allows for a better chance at future success. The readiness to learn from failure puts game players at a particular advantage in the business world as creative thinkers and entrepreneurs. When people plan future endeavors based only on past success, the risks that they are prepared to take are limited to those that have previously yielded positive results. Video games offer a safe place to make critical decisions with weighty consequences, evaluate the outcome, and attempt alternate methods. "A kid in the classroom has to worry about looking like an idiot. In a game, they're raising their hand all the time, and true learning comes from failing".
To date, video game training appears to be one of the more interesting and promising means to improve perceptual, attentional, and cognitive abilities. One of its promises is that, compared to traditional training, it can be engaging and entertaining. This has led some companies to begin to market video games for the specific purpose of improving cognition. For example, Nintendo advertises "Big Brain Academy" as a game that "trains your brain with a course load of mind-bending activities across five categories: think, memorize, analyze, compute, and identify".
It enables players to explore various aspects of their identity in a virtual world.
Journalist and author, David Sheff, believes that many skills can be learned from the gaming experience, it builds practical and intellectual skills, "by playing video games children gain problem solving abilities, perseverance, pattern recognition, hypothesis testing, estimating skills, inductive skills, resources management, logistics mapping, memory, quick thinking and reasonable judgments".
Research at University of Rochester suggest that playing video games that contain high levels of action can improve eyesight.
Many authors disagree with the notion that suggests that the media can cause violence, they propose media cannot cause violence because humans have the ability to recognize what is wrong, and what is right. They suggest people are not going to mistake fiction for reality. Some people who criticize the proposed negative effects based their research are Terry Flew, Sal Humphreys, Martin Barker and Jonathan Freedman.
J.C. Herz argued that many so-called negative effects of video games, such as aggression and lack of pro-social behavior, are both necessary and useful traits to have in a capitalistic society. Specifically, Herz argued that many academic researchers have an anti-capitalist bias, and thus failed to notice the benefits of such traits.
Some authors also suggest that video games have many healthy and positive aspects, for example they can be a safe outlet for aggression and frustration.
While video games have been known to help the body as much as the mind, it also has brought more families together. According to a study conducted by the Entertainment Software Association, 78% of parents think that video games are a great time to bond or socialize with their child. Parents are also starting to love playing games with their kids as well. 58% of parents play with their kids monthly and 35% play with their kids weekly. Parents are also starting to see benefits of video games as well. 71% of parents believe that video games provide mental stimulation or education for their child or the family.
See also.
Examples:

</doc>
<doc id="19220457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220457" title="Lumeneo SMERA">
Lumeneo SMERA

The SMERA is an ultra-small battery electric vehicle (BEV) by Lumeneo. The concept car is a two-seater tilting car which tilts up to 25° in curves. With a length of 2500 mm and width of 960 mm (track 655 mm), it is something between an electric car and a scooter and includes a lithium ion battery pack. It is regulated in Europe as a car (classification M1). Its speed is listed as with a range of . It made its debut at the 2008 Paris Motor Show. 
French railroad company SNCF invested €1.5 million in Lumeneo. The French railway reportedly injected capital into Green Cove Engineering, a provider of carpooling services.
A production version, the Lumeneo Neoma began sales in France in May 2013. After selling only 10 units Lumeneo filed for bankruptcy in November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19220460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220460" title="Dan Fitzpatrick">
Dan Fitzpatrick

Daniel Charles Fitzpatrick (born November 21, 1977) is the American author of the Vision trilogy, a fictional thriller series which follows the events of Jade Walker, a librarian turned vigilante serial killer with numerous mind-altering abilities.
Early life and education.
Dan Fitzpatrick spent the first eight years of his life in Fairhaven, Massachusetts. After his parents divorced in 1985, his father moved him and his older brother across the state to the village of Shelburne Falls, Massachusetts and attended Buckland Shelburne Regional Elementary School. While initially struggling to fit in as the new kid, Fitzpatrick became an avid fan of the horror industry. Since he spent the majority of his spare time alone at home while his father worked rigorous hours, he was able to spend his after school hours watching scary movies such as "Friday the 13th" and "A Nightmare on Elm Street". It did not take long for him to become fascinated with these types of films. In 1996, he graduated from Mohawk Trail Regional High School in Buckland, Massachusetts. He attended Greenfield Community College the following fall, but decided that college was not the best thing for him at that time. He dropped out in 1997 and entered the work force. After numerous struggles with love and money, Fitzpatrick decided to return to Greenfield Community College and finish his education. In 2005, he received his associate's degree in education. He then attended Keene State College in New Hampshire, where he received a bachelor's degree in social sciences in 2007.
Personal life.
In October 2006, Fitzpatrick married his long-time girlfriend, Lauren. In January 2008, they had their first child, a son named Bryce. They welcomed their second son, Cole, in August 2009. The family currently resides in Hinsdale, New Hampshire. 
Writing career.
When his wife became pregnant with their first child, Fitzpatrick decided he would start writing a book to pass on to his children. Initially, he planned to write an extensive family biography which would include the genealogy, significant events, and most noted memories. It was a very difficult task since nobody in his family had any type of information to fit the requirements for the plan. After a few months of extensive research, he came up short handed and decide to abandon the story. However, he did enjoy writing so he decided to continue in the form of a journal, expressing his feelings of entering fatherhood; something he could still pass on to his children in the future.
When he was just a few pages into this new project, he heard a story on a local news station about a mother who attempted to kill her 9-month old daughter. Since he was becoming a parent himself, Fitzpatrick took special notice on this case and the cases of other child abuse cases. With the newfound desire to write a book and the fury over what these parents were doing to their children, he decided once again to change his story. Since he had no way to properly express his disgust towards these violent criminals, he decided to put his rage into a story.

</doc>
<doc id="19220467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220467" title="Ho Kham municipality">
Ho Kham municipality

Ho Kham (เทศบาลตำบลหอคำ) is a subdistrict municipality ("Thesaban Tambon") in Mueang Bueng Kan District, Bueng Kan Province, Thailand. The municipality covers the whole subdistrict Ho Kham. It covers an area of 
40.04 km² and 14 administrative villages. As of 2012, it has a total population of 7,116 people.
History.
The local administration was created as a subdistrict administrative organization (TAO) in 1996. Effective July 18, 2008 it was upgraded to a subdistrict municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="19220470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220470" title="Fraser Doherty">
Fraser Doherty

Fraser Doherty is a Scottish entrepreneur from Edinburgh, CEO of SuperJam. He is also director of the registered Scottish charity, The SuperJam Tea Parties.
Doherty, through Super, has invested in various charitable projects. The SuperJam Tea Parties, which runs tea parties for lonely elderly people who live alone or in care homes, was established by Doherty in 2008. The company reports to have run over 120 such events between March 2008 and March 2009, with the largest events attracting over 600 guests. The company organizes various ‘knitathons’, encouraging the public to knit for good causes. In 2008, several thousand knitted squares were collected, sewn into blankets and sent to orphanages in India. 
Books.
Doherty published his first book on 5 August 2010, "The SuperJam Cookbook". The book contains recipes for making jams, cakes and desserts and was launched with a "Vintage Tea Party" at the Bethnal Green Working Men's club in East London.
On 21 April 2011, Doherty published his second book, "SuperBusiness". The book is a guide to starting your own business, based on SuperJam's journey from village fetes in Scotland to supermarket shelves around the world. The book was launched with a Village Fete themed party at The Rocket in North London.
Awards.
Doherty was the 2007 Global Student Entrepreneur of the Year, an international award given to the top student entrepreneur worldwide. Over 750 students from around the world competed in the 2007 Global Student Entrepreneur Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19220477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220477" title="Akt/PKB signaling pathway">
Akt/PKB signaling pathway

The Akt/PKB signaling pathway is a pathway in cell signaling.
Proteins involved include AKT (also known as "protein kinase B", PKB) and phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K).
It can be associated with cancer.
PI3 Kinase is a lipid kinase that is activated (via an SH2-domain adaptor) by signals (e.g., members of the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) family of signal proteins) transmitted by many transmembrane receptors with protein kinase cytosolic domains. 
This activation leads to production from membrane inositol of the inositol phospholipids PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 and PtdIns(3,4)P2.
These in turn signal to a constitutive membrane threonine kinase called PDK-1 and, simultaneously, to a cytosolic protein kinase called Akt (or alternatively Protein Kinase B, PKB).
Interaction between the inositol phospholipids and Akt, together with activation of PDK-1 recruits Akt into a complex with PDK-1 on the inner leaflet of the cell membrane. (PIP3 recruits PDK-1 and Akt to the plasma membrane. PDK-1 phosphorylates and thus activates Akt.) This complex phosphorylates many highly significant substrates. 
Akt indirectly activates (not phosphorylates) mTOR, which lies at the heart of growth regulatory pathways.
mTOR promotes cell growth by:
- activating S6kinase (an activator of translation)
- activating PKC (so turning on many synthetic and secretory pathways)
- inhibiting p21 (so releasing cells from G1 arrest)
- inhibiting GSK3β (with similar effect, since GSK3β targets cyclin D for proteolysis)
Akt also phosphorylates Bad (a pro-apoptotic protein,which in its non-phosphorylated state, promotes apoptosis) which sequesters it and keeps it out of action, promoting cell survival.
The activity of this powerful, branching signaling pathway can be turned down close to source, however, through removal of the phosphate groups from the inositol phospholipids by the 3’ phosphoinositide phosphatase PTEN. Deficiency of "PTEN" therefore facilitates inappropriate entry to the cell cycle, through generation of prolonged inositol phospholipid signals after growth factor stimulation. Many tumor cells completely lack "PTEN" activity. "PTEN" is therefore a tumor suppressor gene.

</doc>
<doc id="19220483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220483" title="Klára Engi">
Klára Engi

Klára Engi is a Hungarian ice dancer. She competed with Attila Tóth. Together, they placed 16th at the 1984 Winter Olympics, 7th at the 1988 Winter Olympics, and 7th at the 1992 Winter Olympics. Their highest placement at the World Figure Skating Championships was 4th, which they achieved in 1989. Their highest placement at the European Figure Skating Championships was 4th, which they achieved in 1989, 1990, and 1991.
Engi works as a coach and choreographer. Her clients include Jacqueline Voll, Josip Gluhak, and Nathalie van Uffelen

</doc>
<doc id="19220496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220496" title="A New Place in the Sun">
A New Place in the Sun

A New Place in the Sun is the ninth album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1968 by Capitol Records.
Charts.
Album – Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19220511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220511" title="Harlem Cultural Festival">
Harlem Cultural Festival

The Harlem Cultural Festival (also known as "Black Woodstock") was a series of music concerts held in Harlem during the summer of 1969 to celebrate African American music and culture and to promote the continued politics of black pride. Notable participants included Nina Simone, B.B. King, Sly & the Family Stone, Jesse Jackson, Abbey Lincoln & Max Roach, The 5th Dimension, Gladys Knight and the Pips, Stevie Wonder, Mahalia Jackson, and Moms Mabley, among many others.
The concerts were broadcast on New York's affiliate television station WNEW Metromedia Channel 5 (now FOX) on Saturday evenings
at 10:30 PM in June 1968-August 1969. The festival was hosted and promoted by Tony Lawrence, a New York night club singer.
It was originally inaugurated at 129th and 7th Ave in Harlem, at Vest Park in July 1967.
The concerts took place in Harlem's Mount Morris Park on Sundays at 3PM from June 29, 1968 to August 24, 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19220520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220520" title="Attila Tóth">
Attila Tóth

Attila Tóth is a Hungarian ice dancer. He competed with Klára Engi. Together, they placed 16th at the 1984 Winter Olympics, 7th at the 1988 Winter Olympics, and 7th at the 1992 Winter Olympics. Their highest placement at the World Figure Skating Championships was 4th, which they achieved in 1989. Their highest placement at the European Figure Skating Championships was 4th, which they achieved in 1989, 1990, and 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19220540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220540" title="Valérie Grand'Maison">
Valérie Grand'Maison

Valérie Grand'Maison(born on October 12, 1988) is a Canadian swimmer. She holds six Paralympic medals with a combined total of 12 world records in paralympic swimming.
Biography.
Valérie Grand'Maison was born in Fleurimont, a city in the province of Quebec, Canada. She is the daughter of François Grand'Maison, the director of neurology at the Clinique Neuro Rive-Sud, in Montérégie. Valérie started swimming at the age of seven years and started to compete competitively at the age of nine years with the swimming club CAMO of Montréal.
Valérie Grand'Maison developed a condition that degrades the vision of the eyes called mascular degeneration at the age of 12. By the time she was 15 she lost most of her vision in both eyes. Pierre Lamy, her swimming coach in her club CAMO, suggested that she get classified as an athlete who is handicapped.
At the 2005 Canada Games in Regina she qualified to be part of the Canadian Handicapped Swimming Team. She then participated at the Commonwealth Games held in Melbourne, Australia. In 2006 at the National Swimming Paralympic Championships in South Africa, she won seven medals with five of them being gold. She also established a new record for the 100 Metre free.
At the 2008 Summer Paralympics Grand’Maison won six medals, with three of them being gold. One gold was for the 100 Metre Butterfly, another for the 100 Metre Free and the last for the 400 Metre Free. In addition she broke two world records.
In 2010 a right shoulder injury but her career on hold. Grand'Maison changed her swimming schedule to accommodate the injury. She currently is a member of the McGill University’s Marlets and trains with her new coach, Peter Carpenter.
In 2011, at the Pan-Pacific Championships in Edmonton, Grand'Maison raced the 200 m Individual Medley and won the Gold Medal. She also added three silver medals and one bronze to her collection. Grand'Maison finished second in the 50 freestyle, 200 freestyle and 100 breaststroke. In addition, she won third place in the 100 butterfly and fifth in the 100 freestyle.
At the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, Grand'Maison participated in the 50m and 100m Free, 100m breakstroke and 200 m Individual Medley. Saturday the 1st of September, Grand’Maison qualified for the final of the 50 m free and got a silver. (S13). The next day she won another silver medal in the 100 m Free. S13 She won a gold medal in the 200m IM and set a world record.
Personal life.
Grand'Maison is currently in her fourth year at McGill University majoring in psychology and minoring in history with the goal of pursuing a master's degree. She currently swims with the McGill Swimming Team, The McGill Martlets. In addition to swimming she enjoys music, literature and cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="19220542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220542" title="FIPS (computer program)">
FIPS (computer program)

FIPS (First nondestructive Interactive Partition Splitter) - is a DOS program for non-destructive splitting of File Allocation Table (FAT) hard disk partitions.
Splitting partitions is an alternative to deleting the partitions and creating new ones using software such as fdisk, the advantage of which is that the data is not lost. The most common use is installing multiple operating systems on a single computer.
FIPS is free software, licensed under the GNU General Public License (GPL).
Limitations.
FIPS only works on primary partitions that are formatted using the File Allocation Table (FAT) filesystem. Most new machines with Windows pre-installed use NTFS, leaving FIPS obsolete for its intended purpose of resizing existing Windows installations to install Linux. In addition, FIPS cannot grow partitions due to technical limitations with the design, and partitions shrunk with it have some wasted space since it does not shrink the File Allocation Table. The filesystem to be shrunk must also be defragmented before FIPS is run - since FIPS does not move data, any data near the end of the partition prevents it from being resized.
Alternatives.
These limitations have caused it to be largely superseded by more modern tools with better filesystem support, more advanced resizing methods and more complete partitioning functionality, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="19220553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220553" title="Mai, Nakhon Ratchasima">
Mai, Nakhon Ratchasima

Mai (เทศบาลตำบลใหม่) is a township in Non Sung district, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand effective July 18 2008. The TAO was created in 1996. It covers in 16 villages with 12,772 citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19220583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220583" title="Lac de Chermignon">
Lac de Chermignon

Lac de Chermignon is a reservoir in the municipality of Lens, in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. The lake has a surface area of 2.1 ha and a volume of 130,000 m³.

</doc>
<doc id="19220595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220595" title="Orgill">
Orgill

Orgill is a large area in the town of Egremont, Cumbria which contains an estimated 1000 enhabitants.
Crab Fair.
Orgill is part of one of the oldest fairs in history, as it is where the crab fair field is every year, which usually contains carnival style games, fair ground rides and performances from various local bands/entertainers.
Sport.
Orgill is where the football team WIndscale F.C is located who currently compete in the Wearside Football League, which has had various players who have played professional in the current squad such as Matt Henney and Graham Goulding who have both played for Workington A.F.C. One of the most famous players to come through the ranks at Windscale is Ryan Byrne who has played for Kenya national under-20 football team as he was eligible through his Grandfathers origin.

</doc>
<doc id="19220608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220608" title="Wim Polak">
Wim Polak

Willem Polak (14 September 1924, Amsterdam – 1 October 1999, Ilpendam) was mayor of Amsterdam from 15 June 1977 until 1 June 1983.
Polak was born to a Jewish merchant family in Amsterdam on the 14th of September 1924. His parents were murdered by the Nazis during the German Occupation of the Netherlands. After the Second World War, he worked as a journalist for "Het Vrije Volk". Polak was appointed Secretary of State for local finances in Joop den Uyl's government. He worked towards improving the financial position of the larger Dutch cities. Subsequently, he became mayor of Amsterdam for a six-year period, where his challenges included numerous squatting cases as well as riots related to Queen Beatrix's coronation.
He died in 1999 at his home in Ilpendam.

</doc>
<doc id="19220637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220637" title="1890 Open Championship">
1890 Open Championship

The 1890 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club. The tournament was won by John Ball.

</doc>
<doc id="19220646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220646" title="Estonian Film Foundation">
Estonian Film Foundation

The Estonian Film Foundation () is Estonia's public film funding organization financed from the state budget of the Republic of Estonia. Founded in 1997 by the Estonian Ministry of Culture, the foundation finances and promotes film productions where at least one participating producers is an independent Estonian production company; Establishes and develops international film contacts and supports Estonian filmmakers training and maintains the Estonian film database.,
Estonia is a member of European Film Promotion, Media Plus, European Audiovisual Observatory and Eurimages.

</doc>
<doc id="19220648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220648" title="Wailua Valley State Wayside Park">
Wailua Valley State Wayside Park

Wailua Valley State Wayside Park is located 31 miles east of Kahului, Maui. The lookout provides views into Ke'anae Valley. From the park you can view waterfalls, the Ko'olau Gap, Wailua Peninsula and the rim of Haleakala Crater.
See also.
List of Hawaii state parks

</doc>
<doc id="19220662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220662" title="Pak Thong Chai">
Pak Thong Chai

Pak Thong Chai (เทศบาลตำบลปักธงชัย), Pak Thong Chai district, Nakhon Ratchasima province, effective July 16, 2008. The TAO was originally named Mueang Pak (เมืองปัก) and was renamed together with the upgrade, as the central part of the subdistrict already forms a subdistrict municipality named Mueang Pak. The TAO was created in 1996, covers 17.92 km², 7 villages and 4,304 citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="19220665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220665" title="Ronald Brunmayr">
Ronald Brunmayr

Ronald Brunmayr (born 17 February 1975 in Steyr, Upper Austria) is an Austrian football player, who plays for SV Garsten.
Club career.
Brunmayr started his professional career with FC Linz, making his "Bundesliga" debut in August 1994, and was signed by Vienna giants Austria Wien in 1996. He moved to SV Ried after two years and again two years later he moved to Grazer AK with whom he won a domestic cup, became footballer of the year and topped Austria's goalscoring charts. He then joined Sturm Graz and rejoined SV Ried before finishing his career at FC Kärnten in 2007 after "325 games and 101 goals", aged only 32 years.
International career.
He made his debut for Austria in August 2000 against Hungary and earned 8 caps, scoring one goal. His final international game was a March 2003 friendly match against Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19220672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220672" title="Laem Thong">
Laem Thong

Laem Thong (เทศบาลตำบลแหลมทอง) is a subdistrict municipality ("Thesaban Tambon") in Nong Bun Mak District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand. It became a municipality effective July 18, 2008. The TAO was created in 1996, covers 69.22 km², ten villages and 5,667 citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19220680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220680" title="1891 Open Championship">
1891 Open Championship

The 1890 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Old Course at St Andrews. The tournament was won by Hugh Kirkaldy.

</doc>
<doc id="19220682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220682" title="Dan Khla">
Dan Khla

Dan Khla (เทศบาลตำบลด่านคล้า) is a sub-district municipality of Non Sung District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand. It was created as a TAO in 1996 and upgraded to a municipality in 2008. It covers 29 km², 14 villages and 8,567 citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19220684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220684" title="Szilárd Tóth">
Szilárd Tóth

Szilárd Tóth is a Hungarian ice dancer. With partner Enikő Berkes, he placed 20th at the 1994 Winter Olympics and 23rd at the 1995 European Figure Skating Championships. When that partnership ended, he teamed up with Bianca Szijgyarto, with whom he placed 24th at the 1997 European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19220693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220693" title="Robert K.C. Forman">
Robert K.C. Forman

Robert K.C. Forman, a critic of the constructionist approach to mystical experience, was professor of religion, author of several studies on religious experience, and co-editor of the Journal of Consciousness Studies. 
Career.
Robert Forman has worked as professor of religion at City University of New York, both Hunter College and City College, and is Founding Executive Director of The Forge Institute for Spirituality and Social Change. His books include "The Problems of Pure Consciousness", "The Innate Capacity" and "Enlightenment Ain't What It's Cracked Up to Be".
As well as editing a number of books on the topic of consciousness and mysticism, Forman has worked as co-editor of the Journal of Consciousness Studies. He has also collaborated with Ken Wilber on work (Forman, Wilber & Andresen, 2000). 
Philosophical stance.
Forman argues that there is such a thing as Pure Consciousness Event, a feature common to all mystical experience. This distinguishes his work on mystical experience from that of constructivists such as Hjalmar Sundén. Forman describes his position as "perennial psychology" (a term which appears to originate with Ken Wilber), but he is keen to point out that this is not the same as perennial philosophy. His arguments to defend his view that there is a common feature found in all mystical experiences include that mystical experiences involve a sense of stripping away of learnt concepts, and that one can have an experience and only later learn about it. 
Forman can be understood, along with Walter Terence Stace, as a defender of the perennialist position on mystical experience, the view that there is indeed a core experience common to mystics of all creeds, cultures and generations. This position can be contrasted with the constructivists, who believe that mystical experience takes very different forms in different contexts, such as Steven T. Katz, Hjalmar Sundén or Wayne Proudfoot. For Forman, one core feature common to most traditions of mysticism is something that he terms the "Pure Consciousness Event"—a state of neither knowing-how nor knowing that, but simply of knowing. Forman is influenced by the doctrine of intentionality insofar as he claims that, during a Pure Consciousness Event, cognition may lack an intentional object. 
Works.
"The Innate Capacity".
In "The Innate Capacity", he gives the example of a man who had the Buddhist experience of satori, although not himself a Buddhist at the time, and only later learnt about satori. Indeed, even if one did learn about an experience and later learn about it, in Forman's view this does not prove that the learning causes the experience; to think in this way would, in Forman's view, be to commit the logical error of post hoc ergo propter hoc. 
"Enlightenment Ain't What It's Cracked Up to Be".
"Enlightenment Ain't What It's Cracked Up to Be", Forman's most popular book, is his most personal book. Using his own experience as a touchstone, the volume is an exploration into the experiential nuances of and nature of spiritual enlightenment. Forman describes both the illusions that many gurus have communicated about it, and the nature of the disillusionment process. Tapping his own 40 years of experience of such a permanent shift, Forman describes the long term value of enlightenment as he came to view it: the honesty and authenticity that it serves to encourage. The book teaches however mostly through its tone of honesty and authentic seeking, offering a teaching through the quality of writing and openness.
Publications.
Articles by Forman.
Forman, R.K.C. (1998). What does mysticism have to teach us about consciousness? Journal of Consciousness Studies, 5 (2) 185–201

</doc>
<doc id="19220696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220696" title="1892 Open Championship">
1892 Open Championship

The 1892 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Muirfield. The tournament was won by Harold Hilton.
This edition of The Open Championship holds a significant place in golf history as the first tournament ever contested over four rounds of 18 holes each, now the most common format for major competitions worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19220703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220703" title="1893 Open Championship">
1893 Open Championship

The 1893 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club. The tournament was won by William Auchterlonie.

</doc>
<doc id="19220705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220705" title="Nong Nam Sai, Sikhio">
Nong Nam Sai, Sikhio

Nong Nam Sai (หนองน้ำใส) is a sub-district, ("Tambon"), in the Sikhio District of Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand. It was created in 1996, and covers 101km², 18 villages, and 12,443 citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19220706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220706" title="1894 Open Championship">
1894 Open Championship

The 1894 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Royal St George's Golf Club. The tournament was won by John Henry Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="19220709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220709" title="Sikhio Town">
Sikhio Town

Sikhio () is the central town of Sikhio district, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, northeastern Thailand. It covers parts of the subdistricts Sikhio and Mittraphab, a total area of 11.63 km². As of 2007 it has a population of 18,663. The town is subdivided into 19 boroughs ("chumchon").
History.
Sikhio was established as a sanitary district ("sukhaphiban") in 1956. In 1966 the area of the sanitary was enlarged. Like all sanitary districts it was upgraded to a subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") in 1999. Effective January 31 2008 it was upgraded to a town ("thesaban mueang").
Traffic.
Sikhio is located on the northeastern railway connection Bangkok with Nakhon Ratchasima. Also, Mittraphap Road passes south of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19220710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220710" title="1895 Open Championship">
1895 Open Championship

The 1895 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Old Course at St Andrews. The tournament was won by John Henry Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="19220717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220717" title="1896 Open Championship">
1896 Open Championship

The 1896 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Muirfield. The tournament was won by Harry Vardon.

</doc>
<doc id="19220718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220718" title="Nok Ok">
Nok Ok

Nok Ok () is a subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") in Pak Thong Chai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring subdistricts are (from the north clockwise) Mueang Pak, Don, Kaem Sap, Sakae Rat, and Ngio.
History.
While the subdistrict ("tambon") Nok Ok is much older, the Tambon administrative organization (TAO) as the local administration unit was established in 1996. Effective June 30 2008 it was upgraded to a subdistrict municipality.
Administration.
The subdistrict is subdivided into 10 administrative villages ("muban").

</doc>
<doc id="19220720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220720" title="Noise Fest">
Noise Fest

Noise Fest was an influential festival of no wave noise music performances curated by Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth at the New York City art space White Columns in June 1981. Sonic Youth made their first live appearances at this show. 
In mid 1981 Kim Gordon and Josh Baer convinced Thurston Moore to organize this nine day noise festival to accommodate underemployed experimental performers in the downtown scene. The festival was held in the White Columns gallery, which had a capacity of 60 people. Each night three to five acts performed, including Glenn Branca, Rhys Chatham, Jeffrey Lohn, Built on Guilt, Rudolph Grey, the Avant Squares, Off Beach, Mofungo, Red Decade, NNB, Robin Crutchfield's Dark Day, Ad Hoc Rock, Smoking Section, Chinese Puzzle, Avoidance Behaviour, and Sonic Youth. 
Recording history.
In 1978 a similar series of punk rock influenced loud noise music mixed with performance art was held at New York’s Artists’ Space that led to the Brian Eno-produced recording "No New York". This recording was seen by many as the first attempt to define the no wave sound, as it documented The Contortions, Teenage Jesus and the Jerks, Mars and DNA. 
Music from the Noise Festival was first released as a cassette titled "Noise Fest" on ZG Music in 1981; the music label of the legendary ZG magazine organized by Rosetta Brookes. All material was recorded live at White Columns. This included the music of John Rehnberger, Off Beach, Ut, Lee Ranaldo, Mofungo, Khmer Rouge, The Problem, Smoking Section, Sonic Youth, Jeff Lohn, Ima, Jules Baptiste Red Decade, EQ'D, Avant Squares, Don King, Primivites, Ad Hoc Rock, Y Pants, Barbotemagus (as it is spelled on the cover), Economical Animal, Chinese Puzzle, Glorious Strangers, Built On Guilt, Fakir, Lampshades. In 1982 the "Noise Festival Tape" was released by White Columns.
Influence.
Noise Fest inspired the Speed Trials noise rock series organized by Live Skull members in May 1983 at White Columns. Among an art installation created by David Wojnarowicz and Joseph Nechvatal, various performance artists such as Ilona Granet and Emily XYZ did their acts intermixing with the music of The Fall, Beastie Boys, Live Skull, Sonic Youth, Lydia Lunch, Elliott Sharp, Swans and Arto Lindsay. 
"Speed Trials" was eventually released as a live album recorded by Mark Roule and became one of the best-selling independent records of its time. 
See also.
 

</doc>
<doc id="19220727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220727" title="1897 Open Championship">
1897 Open Championship

The 1897 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Royal Liverpool Golf Club, Hoylake that was won by Harold Hilton.

</doc>
<doc id="19220731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220731" title="Khok Sung, Nakhon Ratchasima">
Khok Sung, Nakhon Ratchasima

Khok Sung () is a subdistrict ("tambon") and subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") in Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima District of Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand. The municipality was upgraded from subdistrict administration organization (TAO) status on July 1, 2008. The TAO was created in 1996. It covers 30.46 km², and consists of 11 villages with 9,235 citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19220734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220734" title="1898 Open Championship">
1898 Open Championship

The 1898 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club. The tournament was won by Harry Vardon.

</doc>
<doc id="19220741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220741" title="1899 Open Championship">
1899 Open Championship

The 1899 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Royal St George's Golf Club. The tournament was won by Harry Vardon.

</doc>
<doc id="19220745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220745" title="Mueang Yang">
Mueang Yang

Mueang Yang () is a subdistrict municipality ("Thesaban Tambon") in the Mueang Yang district of Nakhon Ratchasima province, Thailand. It was created in 1996, and covers . It contains 12 villages and 8,363 citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19220749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220749" title="La bonne cuisine de Madame E. Saint-Ange">
La bonne cuisine de Madame E. Saint-Ange

La bonne cuisine de Madame E. Saint-Ange is a French cookbook written by Marie Ébrard under the name E. Saint-Ange and published in 1927 by Larousse. A "classic text of French home cooking", it is a highly detailed work documenting the cuisine bourgeoise of early 20th century France, including technical descriptions of the kitchen equipment of the day.
Before writing "La cuisine", the author had written a cooking column in her husband's magazine "Le Pot au Feu" for twenty years, and much of the content is drawn from that magazine. The book was originally published as "Le livre de cuisine de Madame Saint-Ange: recettes et méthodes de la bonne cuisine française"; the current title was drawn from a later abridgement, and was retroactively applied to a modest updating of the original work by the publisher in the 1950s. Other editions use the title "La cuisine de Madame Saint-Ange".
Many American chefs and cooking teachers working in French cuisine have cited it as a significant influence, including Madeleine Kamman, Julia Child, and Chez Panisse co-founder Paul Aratow, the last of whom translated it into English.
Though the book reflects the equipment and the tastes of 100 years ago, reviewers have found it useful for cooking today:
Its recipes work; the dishes they produce are delicious; the extensive advice is empowering. ...this is a book that cries out to be cooked with.

</doc>
<doc id="19220750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220750" title="22-Dihydroergocalciferol">
22-Dihydroergocalciferol

22-Dihydroergocalciferol is a form of vitamin D, also known as vitamin D4. It has the systematic name (5Z,7E)-(3S)-9,10-seco-5,7,10(19)-ergostatrien-3-ol.
Vitamin D4 is found in certain mushrooms.

</doc>
<doc id="19220755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220755" title="P53 p63 p73 family">
P53 p63 p73 family

P53 family.
The p53 p63 p73 family is a family of tumor suppressor genes.
It consists of:
They are sometimes considered part of a "p53 family".
Evolution of the p53 family.
P53, p63, and p73 have similar features in their gene structures and functions but have also diverged evolutionarily. The p53 family evolved from a p63/p73 ancestor gene in invertebrates. P53 diverged from p63/p73 with a gene duplication in the cartilaginous fish. P63 and p73 differentiated from each other in bony fish. These genes developed different functions and structures throughout their evolutionary divergence (TP73L, p73, p53)

</doc>
<doc id="19220775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220775" title="RAF Haverfordwest">
RAF Haverfordwest

RAF Haverfordwest was a Royal Air Force airfield in World War II. It was operational from 1943 to 1945. The airfield was located 2 miles North of Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire, Wales. It was under the control of 17 Group, RAF Coastal Command.

</doc>
<doc id="19220784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220784" title="Nong Hua Raet">
Nong Hua Raet

Nong Hua Raet (เทศบาลตำบลหนองหัวแรต) is a subdistrict municipality ("Thesaban Tambon") in the Nong Bun Mak District of Nakhon Ratchasima province, Thailand. It was created as subdistrict administrative organization in 1996 and upgraded to a municipality in 2008. It covers 93.99 km², 15 villages, and 8,265 citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19220795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220795" title="Nong Khai Nam">
Nong Khai Nam

Nong Khai Nam (เทศบาลตำบลหนองไข่น้ำ) is in the Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima district of Nakhon Ratchasima province, Thailand. It was created in 1999, and covers 43.44 km², eight villages and 5,792 citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19220804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220804" title="Wang Sai">
Wang Sai

Wang Sai (เทศบาลตำบลวังไทร), Pak Chong district, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, effective July 18 2008. The TAO was created in 1996, covers 134.34 km², 18 villages and 11,197 citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19220818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220818" title="Don Wai">
Don Wai

Don Wai (เทศบาลตำบลดอนหวาย) is a subdistrict municipality ("Thesaban Tambon"), Non Sung District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand. It became a municipality effective February 28 2008. The TAO was created 1999, covers 20.49 km², 7 villages and 3,440 citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="19220821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220821" title="Shanksville Volunteer Fire Department">
Shanksville Volunteer Fire Department

The Shanksville Volunteer Fire Department is a volunteer fire department in rural Pennsylvania. It is best known for its response to the crash of United Airlines Flight 93 during the September 11 attacks. 
Call Area.
The Shanksville Volunteer Fire Department provides fire, emergency medical services (EMS), and various types of rescue, including SCUBA, to the borough of Shanksville, the borough of Indian Lake, and Stonycreek Township. All are located in Somerset County, Pennsylvania. The fire district is approximately with an approximate population of 3,000. It also provides emergency services for of the Pennsylvania Turnpike.
History.
The fire company was formed in February 1951. In September 1951 the company purchased a vacant building to meet and store equipment. The company built a new truck garage and meeting place in 1989. 
September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
On September 11, 2001, the Shanksville Volunteer Fire Department responded to the United Airlines Flight 93 crash scene to search for survivors. They found a smoking crater to deep, and to wide surrounded by burning wreckage of the aircraft. None of the 44 people on board survived. Flight 93 was one of four airliners hijacked that day as part of the al-Qaeda terror attack on the United States. It is widely held that the Flight 93 hijackers intended to use the aircraft to attack the United States Capitol building in Washington, DC.
An assistant chief was one of the first on the scene, within seven or eight minutes. Firefighters from nine other local companies also came to the crash site. 
Shanksville Firehouse memorial.
New York City fire fighters donated a memorial made from a steel cross from the World Trade Center and mounted atop a platform shaped like the Pentagon. Hundreds of firefighters riding motorcycles escorted the beams from New York City to Shanksville. It was installed outside the firehouse on August 25, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19220840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220840" title="Fasano (surname)">
Fasano (surname)

Fasano is an Italian surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19220853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220853" title="Enikő Berkes">
Enikő Berkes

Enikő Berkes is a Hungarian ice dancer. With partner Szilárd Tóth, she placed 20th at the 1994 Winter Olympics and 23rd at the 1995 European Figure Skating Championships. 
When that partnership ended, she teamed up with Endre Szentirmai, with whom she competed at the 1996 World Figure Skating Championships, placing 24th, and at the 1996 European Championships, placing 18th.
Berkes is an ISU Technical Specialist for Hungary in the ice dancing event. She served as the Assistant Technical Specialist at the 2008 Four Continents Championships; as the Technical Specialist at the 2007 NHK Trophy

</doc>
<doc id="19220857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220857" title="Walt Walker">
Walt Walker

Walter S. Walker (March 12, 1860 - February 28, 1922) was a Major League Baseball player. Walker played for Detroit Wolverines in the 1884 season. He played just one game in his career, having one hit in four at-bats, with one run scored.
He was born in Berlin Center, Michigan and died in Pontiac, Michigan

</doc>
<doc id="19220875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220875" title="Guy Basquet">
Guy Basquet

Guy Basquet was a French rugby union player, born 13 July 1921 in Layrac and died 1 February 2006 in Agen. He was 1 m 81 and weighed 102 kg, he played third line centre and left flank for Agen.
He started out as a basketball player, but rapidly succeeded in the Juniors of Racing Metro, and moved to Agen during the Second World War, (around 1940), the town where he would stay for the rest of his career, until 1953.
During the championship final of 1947, he was temporarily sent off during the second half of the first period, a rule which was not rescinded for a further two decades. 
He played at Agen alongside Albert Ferrasse, then followed him as head of the FFR, and of the club. 
He became, in effect, vice-president of the Fédération from 1968 to 1991, the date that Bernard Lapasset became head of the FFR, and ultimately head of the selection committee from 1980, succeeding Élie Pebeyre.
He was also president of the French Barbarians, and of Agen from 1985 until the arrival of Daniel Dubroca.
His comments were collected into the book by Roger Driès: "Un missionnaire du rugby au cœur de tous les défis", éd. CMCP in 2001. 
He is the grandfather of the Racing Metro scrum-half Jérôme Fillol.

</doc>
<doc id="19220883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220883" title="Snowracer">
Snowracer

Snowracer was a Swedish supergroup consisting of Amir Chamdin (Infinite Mass), Dregen (Backyard Babies), Brady Blade and Martin "Nåid" Landquist. In 2005 they released a self-titled album which spawned two singles, "Native Americans" and "The Way I'm Watching You".

</doc>
<doc id="19220889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19220889" title="Ayano Ōmoto">
Ayano Ōmoto

, nicknamed , is a member of the Japanese electropop group Perfume.
Biography.
Ōmoto was born and raised in Hiroshima Prefecture, and attended Hiroshima Actors School with friends and Perfume members Ayaka Nishiwaki and Yuka Kashino. She was placed in the advanced class for singing, as she was always interested in singing. In a letter she wrote to her "Future Me" she recalled her singing teacher telling her if she just wanted to sing and dance because she loved it she was not fit to be a singer. Nishiwaki and Kashino were still in the beginner class at this time, meeting Ōmoto secretly.
She joined the group in 2001, replacing the original third member Yūka Kawashima, who left the group to focus on her schoolwork. In 2002, she appeared in an advertisement for Johnson & Johnson.

</doc>
