<doc id="19390984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390984" title="Gallium(II) selenide">
Gallium(II) selenide

Gallium(II) selenide (GaSe) is a chemical compound. It has a hexagonal layer structure, similar to that of GaS. It is a photoconductor, a second harmonic generation crystal in nonlinear optics, and has been used as a far-infrared conversion material at 14-31 THz and above.
Uses.
It is said to have potential for optical applications but the exploitation of this potential has been limited by the ability to readily grow single crystals Gallium selenide crystals show great promise as a nonlinear optical material and photoconductor. Non-linear optical materials are used in the frequency conversion of laser light. Frequency conversion involves the shifting of the wavelength of a monochromatic source of light, usually laser light, to a higher or lower wavelength of light that cannot be produced from a conventional laser source. 
Several methods of frequency conversion using non-linear optical materials exist. Second harmonic generation leads to doubling of the frequency of infrared carbon dioxide lasers. In optical parametric generation, the wavelength of light is doubled. Near-infrared solid-state lasers are usually used in optical parametric generations. 
One original problem with using gallium selenide in optics is that it is easily broken along cleavage lines and thus it can be hard to cut for practical application. It has been found, however, that doping the crystals with indium greatly enhances their structural strength and makes their application much more practical. There remain, however, difficulties with crystal growth that must be worked out before gallium selenide crystals may become more widely used in optics.
Synthesis.
Synthesis of GaSe nanoparticles is carried out by the reaction of GaMe3 with trioctyl phosphine selenium (TOPSe) in a high temperature solution of trioctyl phosphine (TOP) and trioctyl phosphine oxide (TOPO). 
A solution of 15 g TOPO and 5 mL TOP is heated to 150 °C overnight under nitrogen, removing any water that may be present in the original TOP solution. This initial TOP solution is vacuum distilled at 0.75 torr, taking the fraction from 204 °C to 235 °C. A TOPSe solution (12.5 mL TOP with 1.579 g TOPSe) is then added and the TOPO/TOP/TOPSe reaction mixture is heated to 278 °C. GaMe3 (0.8 mL) dissolved in 7.5 mL distilled TOP is then injected. After injection, the temperature drops to 254 °C before stabilizing in the range of 266-268 °C after 10 minutes. GaSe nanoparticles then begin to form, and may be detected by a shoulder in the optical absorption spectrum in the 400-450 nm range. After this shoulder is observed, the reaction mixture is left to cool to room temperature to prevent further reaction. After synthesis and cooling, the reaction vessel is opened and extraction of the GaSe nanoparticle solution is accomplished by addition of methanol. The distribution of nanoparticles between the polar (methanol) and non-polar (TOP) phases depends on experimental conditions. If the mixture is very dry, nanoparticles partition into the methanol phase. If the nanoparticles are exposed to air or water, however, the particles become uncharged and become partitioned into the non-polar TOP phase.

</doc>
<doc id="19390993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390993" title="2004 Ukrainian Amateur Cup">
2004 Ukrainian Amateur Cup

This year Haray Zhovkva, Pivdenstal Yenakieve, and ODEK Orzhiv received a bye to quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19390994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390994" title="Cayetano Alberto Silva">
Cayetano Alberto Silva

Cayetano Alberto Silva (August 7, 1868 — January 12, 1920) was an Uruguayan musician, naturalized Argentine, and author; his work includes the San Lorenzo march, the official march of the Argentine army.
Early life.
Silva was born on August 17, 1868, in the department of Maldonado in San Carlos, Uruguay. His mother was Natalia Silva, a black slave of the family who gave her the surname. Cayetano Silva studied with maestro Francisco Rinaldi of the Popular Band of San Carlos. In 1879, he attended the School of Arts and Crafts of Montevideo, where he joined its music band directed by Gerardo Grasso, who taught him music theory, horn, and violin. In 1888, he left the school to attend social centers of workers' agitation, theaters, and music conservatories in Montevideo.
In 1889, he traveled to Buenos Aires, Argentina, where he ventured to the Teatro Colón and attended the School of Music directed by Pablo Berutti. He later moved to the city of Rosario, Province of Santa Fe; on February 1, 1894, he was appointed director of the Seventh Infantry Regiment band. In Rosario, he married Filomena Santanelli, with whom he raised eight children.
Silva and his family moved to Venado Tuerto in 1898 after being hired by the Italian Society of Venado Tuerto. He founded a lyrical center, taught music, and created a rondalla—an ensemble of plucked string instruments—with which he performed during the Carnival of 1900. He wrote the music for the plays "Canillita" and "Cedulas de San Juan" for his compatriot friend Florencio Sánchez; both works were premiered in Rosario.
La Marcha San Lorenzo.
On July 8, 1901, at his home in Venado Tuerto, he composed a march dedicated to Colonel Pablo Ricchieri, then war minister of that country and modernizer of the Argentine army. Ricchieri thanked him for the homage, but requested the title be changed to "San Lorenzo", the city where Riccheri was born. The march was publicly performed for the first time on October 30, 1902, in San Lorenzo, in the vicinity of the historic San Carlos Convent, where the Battle of San Lorenzo took place. That day, the march was designated the official march of the Argentine Army. Two days after, Silva played it again at the opening ceremony for the monument to General San Martín in Plaza San Martín (Rosario), in the presence of President Julio Argentino Roca and Ricchieri.
In 1906, Silva became master of the Third Infantry Regiment. His neighbor, Carlos Javier Benielli, added the lyrics in 1907 that would later be adapted for schools. Years later, affected by poverty, Cayetano Silva sold the rights to the march to an editor in Buenos Aires for a negligible amount.
The march became famous in other countries over time to such an extent that it was played on June 22, 1911, during the coronations of King George V and Elizabeth II (with prior approval sought by the British government from Argentina). In addition, the march is played during the changing of the guard at Buckingham Palace, although it was suspended during the Falklands War. It was also played by the Germans when they entered Paris during World War I. General Dwight D. Eisenhower also had it played during the entrance of the Allied army following the liberation of Paris.
While residing in Mendoza, he founded the Firefighters Music Band of that city and worked as an educator.
Other works.
Other marches composed by Cayetano Silva were: "Black River", "Anglo Boers", "July 22", "San Genaro" (in honor of the city of the same name near Rosario), "Curapaytí" (1906, inspired by the Paraguayan War), and "Tuyutí". Like the "San Lorenzo" March, the lyrics of the latter two were also written by Benielli.
Final years.
Silva was also a police employee in Rosario. In 1920, after dying of serious health problems in that city, he was denied burial in the Police Pantheon because he was black, and was buried in a grave without a name. In 1997, however, his remains were transferred to the municipal cemetery of Venado Tuerto, through efforts made by the association Friends of the Historical House "Cayetano A. Silva". This house—headquarters of the regional museum, historical archives, and headquarters of the Cayetano A. Silva Municipal band is located where the composer once lived, at Maipú 966, Venado Tuerto (Province of Santa Fe).

</doc>
<doc id="19390997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19390997" title="List of The Tracey Ullman Show episodes">
List of The Tracey Ullman Show episodes

The following is an episode guide to "The Tracey Ullman Show", which ran from 1986-1990. The animated shorts are listed in "italics".

</doc>
<doc id="19391002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391002" title="CICR-FM">
CICR-FM

CICR-FM, branded as Parrsboro Community Radio, is a Canadian community radio station operating in Parrsboro, Nova Scotia. CICR-FM broadcasts at 99.1 FM with an effective radiated power of 17 watts.
Owned by the Parrsboro Radio Society, the station was licenced on September 19, 2008 and began broadcasting in September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19391009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391009" title="Chondrina clienta">
Chondrina clienta

Chondrina clienta is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Chondrinidae.
This species is also known under the synonyms "Chondrina arcadica" (Reinhardt, 1881) and "Chondrina arcadica clienta" (Westerlund 1883).
Shell description.
The shell of this species is slender, greyish-brown to reddish-brown. It is conical-ovoid in shape with 7 - 7½ whorls. The shell is slightly translucent and shows regular axial lines. There is some microgeographical variation in its shell size. The apertural margin is slightly widened, and has a thin, whitish lip. There are strong, angular teeth along the aperture.
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is Alpine and southeastern-European. but this snail can occur as far north as on the Baltic island of Oland, southern Sweden. The snails can be found on exposed limestone rocks to a height of about 2,500 m.
This species occurs in:
Feeding habits.
"Chondrina clienta" feeds on calcicolous lichens.

</doc>
<doc id="19391011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391011" title="Fuerzas Populares de Liberación Farabundo Martí">
Fuerzas Populares de Liberación Farabundo Martí

The Fuerzas Populares de Liberación "Farabundo Martí" (FPL) (English: Farabundo Martí Liberation People's Forces) was a left wing guerrilla military and political organization in El Salvador. It was the oldest of the five groups who in 1980, merged to form the Frente Farabundo Martí para la Liberación Nacional (FMLN).
History.
The origin of the FPL is found with the Partido Comunista Salvadoreño (PCS), which at the end of the 1960s proposed the possibility of armed aggression as the best method to face the military dictatorship in El Salvador. The FPL were formed on April 1 of 1970. Amongst the founders, Salvador Cayetano Carpio was considered top leader of the organization, and the leader of the educational union, Mélida Anaya Montes and university professors Clara Elizabeth Ramírez and Felipe Peña Mendoza were high profile figures. During the 1970s, the FPL grew progressively left wing in their armed approach. The FPL began to increase their social base, carrying out political and social work between the farmers of the North and Central Zone of El Salvador and between the university students. In 1975, the Bloque Popular Revolucionario (BPR) formed to unite trade unions and the backing of the farmers. In 1979, the organization initiated conversations with other groups armed of left for the unification of the revolutionary forces. These negotiations developed, taking shape with the foundation of the FMLN, on the 10 of October 1980.
During the Civil War of El Salvador, the FPL maintained their bases in the rural departments of Chalatenango, Cabañas, Usulután and the San Vicente Department. In April 1983 the organization faced a serious internal crisis with the assassination of Mélida Anaya Montes (Commander Ana Maria) in Managua, Nicaragua. The Secretary General and leader of the organization, Salvador Cayetano Carpio was accused to have ordered the assassination, but before the investigations into the death continued he committed suicide. After the events of April 1983, Commander Leonel González was chosen as the new Secretary General of the organization. After the Chapultepec Peace Accords, the FPL demobilized their military apparatus. By 1995 the internal structure of the organization had dissolved and had completely integrated into the FMLN.
References.
"This article incorporates text translated from Spanish Wikipedia"

</doc>
<doc id="19391013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391013" title="1891–92 FA Cup">
1891–92 FA Cup

The FA Cup 1891–92 was the 21st staging of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. West Bromwich Albion won the competition, beating Aston Villa 3–0 in the final at the Kennington Oval, with Wembley Stadium still 30 years away from being built. 
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Results.
Semi-Finals.
The original semi-final matches were played on February 27, 1892. Aston Villa comfortably came through their tie with Sunderland 4–1 but West Bromwich Albion and Nottingham Forest drew their match 1–1. The tie went to a replay, again played at Molineux, but again finished 1–1. A third replay was needed to separate the teams, played in Derby and this time West Bromwich Albion came through winners 6–2 to reach the final against Aston Villa.
Final.
The 1892 FA Cup Final was a football match played on 19 March 1892 at the Kennington Oval. The final was contested by West Bromwich Albion and Aston Villa. West Brom won 3–0, with goals from Alf Geddes, Nicholls and John Reynolds.

</doc>
<doc id="19391031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391031" title="Tim Melia">
Tim Melia

Tim Melia (born May 15, 1986 in Great River, New York) is an American soccer player who plays for Chivas USA of Major League Soccer.
Career.
College and amateur.
Melia attended East Islip High School and played two years of college soccer at the State University of New York at Oneonta before transferring to Lynn University in 2006, where he played his junior and senior years.
Melia played for the Long Island Rough Riders in the USL Premier Development League in 2007.
Professional.
Melia signed with the Rochester Rhinos of the USL First Division on April 30, 2008, . An injury to veteran goalkeeper Scott Vallow has resulted in increased playing time and a number of starts for Melia during the 2009 season, and he is becoming known for his accurate long balls from goal kicks and dead ball situations.
After trialling with Real Salt Lake during their pre-season, Melia signed with the club on March 16, 2010; he was sent on loan to USL2 side Charleston Battery in April.
Following his clean sheet June 29 in a U.S. Open Cup win over MLS side Chicago Fire (Charleston won 3-0 on penalty kicks), Melia was named "Player of the 3rd Round" for the 2010 Edition of the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup Tournament.
Melia was waived by Real Salt Lake on November 23, 2011.
Melia signed with Chivas USA in January 2012 and joined them during the 2012 pre-season.

</doc>
<doc id="19391039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391039" title="Abo Elementary School">
Abo Elementary School

Abo Elementary School in Artesia, New Mexico, United States, was the first public school in the United States constructed entirely underground and equipped to function as a fallout shelter. Designed at the height of the Cold War and completed in 1962, the school had a concrete slab roof which doubled as the school's playground. It contained a large storage facility with room for emergency rations and supplies for up to 2,160 people in the event of nuclear warfare or other catastrophe. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Background.
Abo Elementary School was built partly in order to further the development of American fallout shelter design and to further knowledge about the long-term effects of life underground in a shelter environment. The U.S. civil defense film "Duck and Cover" was produced with students in mind, in the hopes that they would learn how, in the event of a nuclear blast, to be shielded from glass and blast waves using desks and chairs. However, educators, school administrators, and government officials soon realized that such measures would be inadequate, especially if a school received a direct hit from an atomic blast or was within the immediate blast radius of the weapon. One official argued that his school district was "in no position to guarantee physical protection… from a thermonuclear explosion or radioactive fallout." Many state departments of education viewed the school shelter plans as "worthless." California's Department of Education, for example, was given designs intended to reduce radiation levels inside the school to 1/100 the level outdoors. These plans were rejected. When the California Department of Education then specified protection which would increase the protection factor to 1/1,000, it judged the costs to be too high, and the plans were rejected. Other departments of education and administrators rejected such plans because of their concern for the psychological well-being of their students, who, they believed, would be "constantly reminded of the possibility of a nuclear war" if kept in such a school for extended periods of time.
Construction.
Building the Abo Elementary School required that it be constructed with concrete reinforcing walls and a concrete outer shell to protect the inner parts of the school. In order to fulfill all requirements, Abo contained multiple drinking wells, a cafeteria, food storage, bedding and supplies for up to 2,160 people, air filtration systems, an emergency power generation system, decontamination systems, and a morgue.
Architect Frank Standhardt, in designing the school said, "I consider my profession derelict on civil defense. We've had ten years of grace and done nothing about it." Standhardt had built multiple aboveground windowless schools before Abo, believing them to positively influence pupils' ability to concentrate. He also cited reduced maintenance costs since there were no windows. Construction cost estimates were inconsistent: a "Time" magazine article (September 5, 1960) quotes Standhardt as estimating the costs at ten percent above the cost of an average above-ground school, while Loretta Hall in "Underground Buildings: More than Meets the Eye" suggests a cost at thirty percent. Regardless, the U.S. Office of Civil Defense contributed the excess cost, assuming that it would benefit from any empirical testing performed on the students in the underground environment.
Standhardt designed the school in such a way as to make every element serve multiple purposes. In order to reduce cost of concrete, for example, the concrete shell roof of the school would double as a basketball court, and the drinking wells were designed to pump water into the air conditioning systems during peacetime. Two-way radio systems, Geiger counters, and fire fighting equipment were also built into the design.
Cultural impact and criticism.
Within Artesia, Abo Elementary School was lauded by teachers and many parents. Teachers often described Abo's students as less likely to cause trouble, more attentive, and less likely to require discipline. On the other hand, many of those same students described heightened awareness of the possibility of nuclear war, and some were terrified that they could be orphaned in the event of war. One of the most substantial fears raised by students involved the 2,160 person capacity of the school. In the event of a war, only the first 2 160 people would be allowed into the school for shelter, which would likely have left the majority of Artesia's nearly 12 000 residents, including the parents of some of Abo's students, without any shelter in the event of a nuclear attack.
Outside of Artesia, Abo Elementary School was condemned by many councils and groups, some of whom rejected the concept of an underground school entirely. Notwithstanding, the President of Artesia's Board of Education, C.P. Bunch, called the school "more a matter of insurance than fear", and expressed hope that future schools built in Artesia would follow its example. Federal studies concluded that the students suffered no long-term effects from their time in Abo, and many students who suffered from chronic allergies or asthma were transferred to Abo as its advanced air filtration systems reduced the impact of dust storms and allergens. Indeed, these studies concluded that many students' health improved as a result of extended time in the school.
Retirement.
Abo Elementary School was shut down in 1995 as a result of increased maintenance costs, aging mechanical equipment and difficulties associated with removing asbestos insulation from the underground, windowless structure. Instead, a new school, Yeso Elementary School, was built next door and Abo was converted into a storage shed.
External links.
The Abo School - "Atomic Skies" blog

</doc>
<doc id="19391049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391049" title="Béla Bácskai">
Béla Bácskai

Béla Bácskai (April 25, 1912 – 1994), also known as "Bogschütz", was a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was a member of the Hungarian team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played one match as back.

</doc>
<doc id="19391068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391068" title="Patrick M. McCarthy">
Patrick M. McCarthy

Patrick M. McCarthy is an American lawyer and officer in the United States Navy. 
He was appointed Commander on July 12, 2001.
He was appointed Captain on May 23, 2006. 
Captain McCarthy was Staff Judge Advocate in Okinawa, Japan from November 1992 until July 1995, legal advisor to the Commandant of Midshipmen at the United States Naval Academy from July 1995 to August 1997, Staff Judge Advocate to the Iceland Defense Force from June 1998 to July 2001, Staff Judge Advocate of Joint Task Force Guantanamo from May 2006 to July 2008, and in 2010 was Staff Judge advocate to Joint Task Force 435 (TF 435), which is responsible for U.S. detention policy in Afghanistan.
United States Naval Academy.
Then Lt. Cdr. McCarthy, while posted as legal advisor to the Commandant of Midshipmen, was involved in the arrest and eventual conviction of Diane Zamora for murdering Adrianne Jones. When McCarthy was informed Midshipmen had indicated Ms. Zamora had participated in the murder, McCarthy called authorities in the Fort Worth, Texas area, and Ms. Zamora was finally arrested, and later convicted, for the crime. McCarthy was eventually called as a witness at the trial of Zamora.
Guantanamo Bay.
He was appointed Joint Task Force Guantanamo’s Staff Judge Advocate, its lead attorney, from May 2006 to Summer, 2008.
He was interviewed on the program, "Fresh Air":
He filed an affidavit, accompanying a court filing, noting that detainee lawyers had gathered information from the detainees for news organizations, and the lawyers had provided detainees with accounts of events outside Guantanimo, like a speech at an Amnesty International conference and details of terrorist attacks. "Such information," his affidavit said, "threatens the security of the camp, as it could incite violence among the detainees." 
He said that in one case a detainee's attorney took questions from a BBC reporter with him into a meeting with a detainee at the camp, and that such indirect interviews are "inconsistent with the purpose of counsel access" at the prison.
Captain McCarthy gave testimony at the trial of Omar Khadr, where he stated “Mr. Khadr was always very respectful...He had a pleasant demeanor. He was friendly.” Captain McCarthy went on to state “Fifteen-year-olds, in my opinion, should not be held to the same level of accountability as adults”, arguing that Omar Khadr has the potential to be rehabilitated.
Afghanistan.
In 2010, Captain McCarthy served as Staff Judge Advocate to Joint Task Force 435, which is responsible for U.S. detention policy in Afghanistan. After this 13 month tour, Captain McCarthy was stationed as Staff Judge Advocate at United States Pacific Command on August 1, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19391086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391086" title="Sphyradium doliolum">
Sphyradium doliolum

Sphyradium doliolum is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orculidae.
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is central-European and southern-European. This species occurs in the following countries:

</doc>
<doc id="19391092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391092" title="Zoltán Berkes (field hockey)">
Zoltán Berkes (field hockey)

Zoltán Berkes (born October 1, 1916, died April 16, 1996) was a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was a member of the Hungarian team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played one match as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19391115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391115" title="Orcula dolium">
Orcula dolium

Orcula dolium is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orculidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following countries:

</doc>
<doc id="19391131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391131" title="Botti">
Botti

"Botti" is an Italian surname can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19391136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391136" title="Lazier">
Lazier

Lazier is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19391138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391138" title="The Magic Sword (1950 film)">
The Magic Sword (1950 film)

The Magic Sword () is a 1950 Yugoslav fantasy/adventure film based on Serbian folk tales.

</doc>
<doc id="19391149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391149" title="How Lucky I Am">
How Lucky I Am

How Lucky I Am is the fourth studio album released by American country music artist Bryan White. It was released in 1999 (see 1999 in country music) on Asylum Records. The album included two singles: "You're Still Beautiful to Me" at number 39 and "God Gave Me You" at number 40. Dann Huff produced tracks 1–3 and 6–8, and White co-produced the remainder of the album with Derek George.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine gave the album three stars out of five, with his review saying that its sound was "more suited for adult contemporary stations than contemporary country" but adding that the album worked "in small doses."

</doc>
<doc id="19391158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391158" title="Antony's Parthian War">
Antony's Parthian War

Antony's Parthian War or the Roman-Parthian War of 40-33 BC was a major conflict between the Roman Republic, represented in the East by the triumvir Mark Antony, and the Parthians. Although the campaign ended in distastrous defeat for Antony, the war became a strategic draw when peace was later negotiated by Augustus.
Background.
Julius Caesar, after ensuring victory in his civil war, planned a campaign into the Parthian Empire in 44 B.C. to avenge the earlier defeat of a Roman army led by Marcus Licinius Crassus at the Battle of Carrhae. Caesar's plan was, after a brief pacification of Dacia, to continue east into Parthian territory. After his assassination, the Second Triumvirate, composed of Marcus Antonius (Antony), Marcus Lepidus and Gaius Octavianus (later known as Augustus), was formed. After the defeat of Caesar's assassins at the Battle of Philippi, Caesarian rule over the Republic was effectively ensured. Shortly after, however, with the triumvirs preoccupied with the revolt of Sextus Pompeius in Sicily, Parthia attacked Roman-controlled Syria and the client kingdom of Judea. The Judean high priest and puppet Roman ruler, Hyrcanus II, was overthrown and sent as prisoner to Seleucia, and the pro-Parthian Hasmonean Antigonus was installed in his place. Antigonus was the only remaining son of former king Aristobulus II who the Romans deposed when they installed the weaker Hyrcanus II as high priest (but not king) in 63 BC. Upon capturing Hyrcanus II, Antigonus bit off his uncle's ears to disqualify him from ever again serving as high priest.
In Anatolia, the Parthians allied with Quintus Labienus, son of Caesar's former general and later antagonist Titus Labienus, penetrating deep into the west and defeating a Roman army under Decidius Saxa. They were however defeated in turn by a veteran army led by Publius Ventidius Bassus, who drove the invaders from Roman territory.
The war.
With the aid of Mark Antony, Triumvir and lover of Egyptian Ptolemaic Queen Cleopatra VII, the son-in-law of Hyrcanus, Herod, returned to Judea and recaptured Jerusalem in 37 BC. Antony then went on to attack the Parthian Empire itself, marching into Atropatene (present-day Iranian Azerbaijan) with some 100,000 legionaries, aided by the Roman client kings in Armenia, Galatia, Cappadocia and sovereign Pontus. The campaign proved a disaster however, after a Roman slipup at Phraaspa, capital of Atropatene, and thousands of Romans and auxiliaries died during the retreat due to the cold winter. Antony lost more than a quarter of its strength in the course of the campaign.
Again with Egyptian money, Antony invaded Armenia, this time successfully. In the return, a mock Roman Triumph was celebrated in the streets of Alexandria. The parade through the city was a pastiche of Rome's most important military celebration. For the finale, the whole city was summoned to hear a very important political statement. In 34 BC, surrounded by Cleopatra and her children, Antony ended his alliance with Octavian.
Subsequent events.
Antony later went on to annex Armenia, afraid the kingdom would seek Parthian support, but the war didn't end formally until 20 BC, by a peace made by Augustus, ensuring the return of the captured legionary eagles of Crassus' and Saxa's armies, Antony's main excuse for the invasion of Parthia proper.

</doc>
<doc id="19391159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391159" title="Corporations Canada">
Corporations Canada

Corporations Canada is the government agency of Industry Canada responsible for incorporation of Canadian businesses and "corporate laws governing federal companies, except for financial intermediaries".

</doc>
<doc id="19391162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391162" title="Dénes Birkás">
Dénes Birkás

Dénes Birkás, also known as "Deján Bikár" (March 13, 1907 – July 10, 1996), was a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Budapest.
In 1936 he was a member of the Hungarian team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played all three matches as halfback.

</doc>
<doc id="19391168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391168" title="Orculidae">
Orculidae

Orculidae is a family of mostly minute, air-breathing, land snails; terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the order Pulmonata.
Taxonomy.
The family Orculidae contains two subfamilies (according to Hausdorf 1996 and the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
Genera.
Genera within the family Orculidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19391191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391191" title="Kərimbəyli, Nakhchivan">
Kərimbəyli, Nakhchivan

Kərimbəyli, Nakhchivan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19391193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391193" title="History of pathology">
History of pathology

The history of pathology can be traced to the earliest application of the scientific method to the field of medicine, a development which occurred in the Middle East during the Islamic Golden Age and in Western Europe during the Italian Renaissance. 
Early systematic human dissections were carried out by the Ancient Greek physicians Herophilus of Chalcedon and Erasistratus of Chios in the early part of the third century BC. The first physician known to have made postmortem dissections was the Arabian physician Avenzoar (1091–1161). Rudolf Virchow (1821–1902) is generally recognized to be the father of microscopic pathology. Most early pathologists were also practicing physicians or surgeons. 
Origins of pathology.
Early understanding of the origins of diseases constitutes the earliest application of the scientific method to the field of medicine, a development which occurred in the Middle East during the Islamic Golden Age and in Western Europe during the Italian Renaissance.
The Greek physician Hippocrates, the founder of scientific medicine, was the first to deal with the anatomy and the pathology of human spine. Galen developed an interest in anatomy from his studies of Herophilus and Erasistratus. The concept of studying disease through the methodical dissection and examination of diseased bodies, organs, and tissues may seem obvious today, but there are few if any recorded examples of true autopsies performed prior to the second millennium. Though the pathology of contagion was understood by Muslim physicians since the time of Avicenna (980–1037) who described it in "The Canon of Medicine" (c. 1020), the first physician known to have made postmortem dissections was the Arabian physician Avenzoar (1091–1161) who proved that the skin disease scabies was caused by a parasite, followed by Ibn al-Nafis (b. 1213) who used dissection to discover pulmonary circulation in 1242. In the 15th century, anatomic dissection was repeatedly used by the Italian physician Antonio Benivieni (1443-1502) to determine cause of death. Antonio Benivieni is also credited with having introduced necropsy to the medical field. Perhaps the most famous early gross pathologist was Giovanni Morgagni (1682-1771). His magnum opus, "De Sedibus et Causis Morborum per Anatomem Indagatis", published in 1761, describes the findings of over 600 partial and complete autopsies, organised anatomically and methodically correlated with the symptoms exhibited by the patients prior to their demise. Although the study of normal anatomy was already well advanced at this date, "De Sedibus" was one of the first treatises specifically devoted to the correlation of diseased anatomy with clinical illness. By the late 1800s, an exhaustive body of literature had been produced on the gross anatomical findings characteristic of known diseases. The extent of gross pathology research in this period can be epitomized by the work of the Viennese pathologist (originally from Hradec Kralove in the Czech Rep.) Carl Rokitansky (1804-1878), who is said to have performed 20,000 autopsies, and supervised an additional 60,000, in his lifetime.
Origins of microscopic pathology.
Rudolf Virchow (1821-1902) is generally recognized to be the father of microscopic pathology. While the compound microscope had been invented approximately 150 years prior, Virchow was one of the first prominent physicians to emphasize the study of manifestations of disease which were visible only at the cellular level. A student of Virchow's, Julius Cohnheim (1839-1884) combined histology techniques with experimental manipulations to study inflammation, making him one of the earliest experimental pathologists. Cohnheim also pioneered the use of the frozen section procedure; a version of this technique is widely employed by modern pathologists to render diagnoses and provide other clinical information intraoperatively.
Modern experimental pathology.
As new research techniques, such as electron microscopy, immunohistochemistry, and molecular biology have expanded the means by which biomedical scientists can study disease, the definition and boundaries of investigative pathology have become less distinct. In the broadest sense, nearly all research which links manifestations of disease to identifiable processes in cells, tissues, or organs can be considered experimental pathology.

</doc>
<doc id="19391196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391196" title="IEAH Stables">
IEAH Stables

IEAH Stables operates a thoroughbred horse racing stable in the United States. It is based in Garden City, New York.
IEAH was formed in 2003 by Michael Iavarone, Michael Sherack and Richard Schiavo. Current IEAH employees include Hall of Fame jockey Gary Stevens as a bloodstock agent and Mike Jarvis, basketball coach at Florida Atlantic University. IEAH also employs a handful of trainers, including Rick Dutrow, Dominick Shettino, Donald Chatlos Jr. and John Terranova II.
Honors.
IEAH Stables was a finalist for the Eclipse Award for outstanding owner in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19391202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391202" title="Sphyradium">
Sphyradium

Sphyradium is a genus of very small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Orculidae within the superfamily Pupilloidea.
Species.
Species within the genus "Sphyradium" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19391211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391211" title="Pagodulina">
Pagodulina

Pagodulina is a genus of very small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Orculidae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Pgodulina" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19391225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391225" title="429 Transport Squadron">
429 Transport Squadron

429 Transport Squadron of the Royal Canadian Air Force is one of three transport squadrons attached to CFB Trenton in Trenton, Ontario. The squadron was originally formed as a bomber squadron of the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) attached to RAF Bomber Command during the Second World War.
History.
The squadron was formed in 1942 as the 429 (Bomber) Squadron RCAF, at RAF East Moor and disbanded on May 31, 1945. 
The current transport role was established at RCAF Station St Hubert on June 21, 1967 as 429 Tactical Transport Squadron and in August 1981 renamed 429 Transport Squadron. The final move was in 1990 to 8 Wing in Trenton, Ontario. As part of the Canadian Forces Transformation, 429 was merged into No. 437 Squadron in 2005.
Two years later in August of 2007, 429 Squadron was again re-activated, this time as the CF's first Strategic Transport Squadron operating the CC-177 Globemaster III strategic transport aircraft.
Aircraft used by 429 include:

</doc>
<doc id="19391244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391244" title="University of Maryland Medical Center">
University of Maryland Medical Center

The University of Maryland Medical Center (UMMC) is a teaching hospital with 757 beds based in Baltimore, Maryland, that provides the full range of health care to people throughout Maryland and the Mid-Atlantic region. It gets more than 35,000 inpatient admissions and 165,000 outpatient visits each year. UMMC has approximately 6,500 employees as well as 1,000 attending physicians, and provides training for about half of Maryland's physicians and other health care professionals. All members of the medical staff are on the faculty of the University of Maryland School of Medicine.
The University of Maryland Medical Center was named one of the nation's best acute-care hospitals in patient safety and quality of care in 2006 and 2007 by the Leapfrog group. It is part of the University of Maryland Medical System, a private, not-for-profit health system that includes nine acute care, specialty and rehabilitation hospitals as well as outpatient facilities throughout Maryland.
History.
The University of Maryland Medical Center is one of the nation’s oldest teaching hospitals. It was created in 1823 as the Baltimore Infirmary, which was located on the same site as today’s medical center, on the West side of downtown Baltimore.
Overview.
The University of Maryland Medical Center is a referral center for trauma, cancer care, neurocare, cardiac care and heart surgery, women's and children's health and organ transplants. It has one of the nation's largest kidney transplant programs and is known for developing and performing minimally invasive surgical procedures.
Major centers/programs.
The major components of the University of Maryland Medical Center include:
R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center.
The R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center (also known as Shock Trauma) is the world's first center dedicated to saving lives of people with severe, life-threatening injuries sustained in motor vehicle collisions, violent crimes and other traumatic incidents.
Shock Trauma has more than 100 inpatient beds dedicated to emergency surgery, resuscitation, intensive care, and acute surgical care. The trauma staff treat more than 7,500 critically injured patients each year who arrive by helicopter or ambulance. 
It is named after its founder, R Adams Cowley, M.D., who came up with the concept of the "golden hour" — that lives can be saved when trauma patients receive appropriate care within one hour of their injury. Shock Trauma trains physicians and medical personnel from locations overseas and throughout the United States
University of Maryland Marlene and Stewart Greenebaum Cancer Center.
The University of Maryland Greenebaum Cancer Center (UMGCC) is designated by the National Cancer Institute as one of the top cancer centers in the country UMGCC is known for providing coordinated care from teams of specialists—medical oncologists, radiation oncologists, surgical oncologists, pathologists, nurses and other team members who have expertise in particular types of cancer—who consult on each patient's case and develop a joint treatment plan.
UMGCC also is known as a center with expertise in laboratory and clinical research. UMGCC researchers actively particate in new drug development, and the center offers more than 100 clinical trials.
University of Maryland Hospital for Children.
The University of Maryland Hospital for Children (UMHC) provides care for serious and complex health problems in patients ranging from newborns to young adults. UMHC has its own pediatric pharmacy and emergency room, and is also very active in children's health care research.
Special programs and services include a headache clinic, asthma program, AIDS program, pediatric surgery and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Infants born prematurely are transported from around the region to be cared for in the 40-bed NICU — one of the largest in the state.
University of Maryland Heart Center.
The University of Maryland Heart Center was recognized as one of the 100 Top Cardiovascular Hospitals by Thomson Healthcare for 2007. 
The Heart Center is recognized for its expertise in robotic heart surgery, minimally invasive heart bypass and valve surgery, heart transplants and heart pumps. 
The Heart Center's cardiologists and cardiac surgeons treat a full range of heart problems, including heart failure, coronary artery disease, heart rhythm abnormalities, aortic and mitral valve disorders and cardiomyopathy.
The Heart Center also emphasizes heart disease prevention by educating patients about lifestyle factors, including proper nutrition and exercise.
University of Maryland Division of Transplantation.
The University of Maryland Division of Transplantation is one of the nation's largest kidney and pancreas transplant programs with a reputation for its expertise in treating patients who need kidney, pancreas or liver transplants. It is also known for its laboratory and clinical research, and offers a wide selection of clinical trials. 
The Division of Transplantation is known for such programs as its living kidney and living liver donor programs, a steroid-free protocol, which reduces medication side effects following a transplant, as well as combined heart and liver transplants, simultaneous bilateral kidney transplant for polycystic kidney disease and domino liver transplants.

</doc>
<doc id="19391254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391254" title="Tarako (food)">
Tarako (food)

, in Japanese cuisine, is a salted roe food, usually made from Alaska pollock, although actually means cod in Japanese.
Tarako is served in a number of ways:
Traditionally, tarako was dyed bright red, but recent concerns about the safety of food coloring have all but eliminated that custom. In Kyūshū, tarako is commonly served with red chili pepper flakes, possibly due to that region's historic ties with Korean culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19391265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391265" title="Blue Mountain (New York)">
Blue Mountain (New York)

Blue Mountain is a peak in the Adirondack Mountains of New York State in the United States. Located east of Blue Mountain Lake, Hamilton County, the peak reaches a height of 3750 ft/1143m. For hiking, the elevation gain is 1,559 feet (475 meters) and the trail length is four miles. The trailhead elevation is 2,200 feet (670.56 meters). It is the location of the Blue Mountain Fire Observation Station, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19391271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391271" title="Trav">
Trav

"Trav" can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19391282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391282" title="Sorin Cârțu">
Sorin Cârțu

Sorin Cârțu (born 12 November 1955 in Cornu, Dolj County) is a former football striker and currently a football coach. Cârțu won two Romanian Championships and four Romanian Cups with Universitatea Craiova. As a coach he succeeded to win in the 1990–91 season with FC Universitatea Craiova both trophies in Romania, Liga I and the Romanian Cup.
During Cluj's Champions League tie against Swiss Super League champions FC Basel at St. Jakob-Park, Cârțu destroyed a section of the dugout with his foot after his side conceded a 75th minute goal. After the match, CFR Cluj sacked Cârțu, citing his behaviour in the game as the reason behind his dismissal.

</doc>
<doc id="19391285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391285" title="Bussum Zuid railway station">
Bussum Zuid railway station

Bussum Zuid is a railway station located in Bussum, Netherlands. It is located approximately 25 km southeast of Amsterdam. It is on the Amsterdam - Hilversum - Amersfoort main line. The station was opened in 1966. The station is double tracked and has 2 platforms with many trains passing through, with 4 trains stopping per hour.
Train services.
The following train services call at Bussum Zuid:
Bus service.
The station is served by one bus service.

</doc>
<doc id="19391329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391329" title="EU Individual Open Chess Championship">
EU Individual Open Chess Championship

The EU Individual Open Championship was first contested in Cork, Ireland in 2005, under the auspices of organising body, the European Chess Union (ECU). The event is open to members of chess federations within the European Union. Exceptionally, at the discretion of the organisers, guest players have also been allowed to compete; for example, when the host nation has non-EU neighbours.
Background.
Since the inaugural event, the contest has been held on an annual basis, sometimes in conjunction with the celebrations of cities awarded European Capital of Culture status. Financial backing has not been consistently high, but in the case of Liverpool 2008, the prize fund totalled £30,000, which was large enough to attract many of the EU's strongest players.
The events are run on an inclusive format, open to a range of players of varying standard, typically from Elo 1600 to 2700 or more, but unrated players are also eligible to play. Substantial prize money is awarded not just to the overall top finishers, but also to the highest finishing women and junior players. Additional prizes go to those showing the best rating improvement over the course of the tournament.
The time limits for play tend not to follow the FIDE format, but more closely resemble classical time limits, to give some assistance to players in the endgame phase.
Results.
1st EU Individual Open, Cork 2005.
The first European Union Individual Open Championship formed part of the programme of events celebrating Cork City's status as European Capital of Culture for 2005. Played over ten rounds, the event took place 21 March - 3 April 2005 in the Ballroom Suite of the Gresham Metropole Hotel, MacCurtain Street, Cork, Ireland. There were one hundred and fifteen participants and Hungarian grandmaster Zoltan Gyimesi won the event on tie-break from Mateusz Bartel of Poland, who drew level on points in the final round. The highest placed woman player was IM Viktorija Čmilytė of Lithuania with 6½ points.
2nd EU Individual Open, Liverpool 2006.
The second edition of the Championship took place at the World Museum, William Brown Street, Liverpool, England. Held between 6–15 September 2006, the tournament entry totalled eighty-four. Going into the final round, host nation grandmaster Nigel Short was the only leading player to win, defeating Mark Hebden to capture clear first place with 7½/10. The highest placed woman player was IM Dagne Ciuksyte of Lithuania on 6½ points, repeating the achievement of compatriot Cmilyte, in the previous year's event.
3rd EU Individual Open, Arvier 2007.
The third European Union Individual Open Championship took place June 15-24th 2007, in Arvier (Aosta Valley), Italy. There were one hundred and ten competitors and the tournament was open to the players of the twenty-seven countries of the European Union, plus four additional countries close to the host nation, these being Croatia, Montenegro, Serbia and Turkey. Croatian Nikola Sedlak took the contest on tie-break from local favourite Michele Godena, after both finished on 8/10. Godena was however awarded the Champion's title, due to Sedlak being a non-EU citizen. IM Cristina Foisor (ROM) was the top finishing woman player with 6½ points.
4th EU Individual Open, Liverpool 2008.
The fourth edition of the Championship saw a return to the venue of 2006—Liverpool's World Museum. Held September 9-18th 2008, during the city's reign as European Capital of Culture, there were one hundred and forty participants, from twenty member states, competing for a record prize fund. The event was won by Jan Werle of the Netherlands, the best tournament success of his chess career to date. He drew with Maxime Vachier-Lagrave in the final round, while Michael Adams, a half point behind, settled for an early draw with Emanuel Berg, thereby securing a share of second place. The women's top spot was shared between Jovanka Houska, Yelena Dembo and Ketevan Arakhamia-Grant, all on 6 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19391339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391339" title="John L. LeFlore">
John L. LeFlore

John L. LeFlore (1903–1976) was a civil rights leader and politician in Mobile, Alabama. He was elected to the Alabama House of Representatives in 1974 as a Democrat. He served in that position until his death in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19391356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391356" title="Strahil Popov">
Strahil Popov

Strahil Venkov Popov (; born 31 August 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Litex Lovech. He is a right back. Popov played for Bulgaria U19.
Career.
Born in Blagoevgrad, Popov began his career playing for Pirin Blagoevgrad before departing for the Pirin 2001.
In 2008, Popov joined Litex Lovech. On 9 July 2009, Popov joined Lokomotiv Mezdra on loan until December 2009. He made his team début on 10 July, scoring once in an 1-2 friendly loss against Sivasspor.

</doc>
<doc id="19391361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391361" title="Tracy Little">
Tracy Little

Tracy Little (born November 26, 1985 in Pointe-Claire, Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian synchronized swimmer. She competed for Canada at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She became the first synchronized swimmer to appear on Michael Landsberg's Off The Record when the episode aired in late-April 2009.
Her second Olympics was during the London 2012 games.

</doc>
<doc id="19391370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391370" title="Chondrinidae">
Chondrinidae

Chondrinidae is a family of mostly minute air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the order Pulmonata.
Anatomy.
In this family, the number of haploid chromosomes lies between 26 and 30 (according to the values in this table).
Taxonomy.
2005 taxonomy.
According to the taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi (2005) the family Chondrinidae has no subfamilies.
2010 taxonomy.
Kokshoorn B. & Gittenberger (2010) established a new subfamily to system of Chondrinidae:
Genera.
There are six genera within the family Chondrinidae and they include:

</doc>
<doc id="19391403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391403" title="Newcastle United Supporters Trust">
Newcastle United Supporters Trust

The Newcastle United Supporters Trust, or the NUST, is a supporters' trust consisting of fans of Newcastle United (NUFC), an English football club. The prime role of the group is to "represent the interests of and provide a voice for the fans of Newcastle United". The group was set up as an initiative by the fanzines "True Faith" and "The Mag", and the fan website NUFC.com, aiming to be independent of but maintain a working relationship with the owners of the football club. A later stated aim was to achieve stakeholder representation on the board of the football club
Background.
The group was formed in September 2008 as the Newcastle United Supporters Club (NUSC), following on from large scale fan demonstrations against the NUFC board and club owner Mike Ashley after the shock resignation of manager Kevin Keegan, culminating in a long and emotional statement from Ashley on 14 September announcing he intended to sell NUFC, stating that he had listened to the fans who "want him out". A backdrop to the demonstrations was a general feeling of disorganisation through lack of a common voice, resulting in various competing and conflicting ideas of how to protest against the club. Fans also sought an outlet to offence felt by the insinuation by Ashley in his official statement that he or his family would be assaulted if he attended a game, and that the fans demanded unrealistic Galactico signings. Fans were also seeking to correct the perceived inaccurate and stereotypical depiction of their aims and intentions by sections of the national media, such as unrealistic expectations and demands while claiming to be working towards a seat on the board.
History.
Formation.
The day after Ashley's statement on 15 September 2008 a press release from True Faith and The Mag announced a public meeting would be held on the night of 16 September 2008 to judge support for a proposed new supporter's group, initially identified as the "Newcastle United Supporters Group".
The release stated that while the continuation of the protest against the Ashley regime would be the initial focus of the group, the group was also intended to be a long term initiative, and the proposed group would be "energetic, intelligent and responsibly represent the broad church of Newcastle United's support". The group would through an inclusive mass membership attempt to be the legitimate voice of the supporters of NUFC, something which neither supporting fanzines, despite earlier releasing a joint statement over the desired form of the Ashley protest, had "never claimed to be".
The meeting was held in the Tyneside Irish Centre opposite the Gallowgate End of St James' Park, home stadium of NUFC, attended by a "few hundred" fans. The meeting sought comments from the floor, and was attended by an invited speakers panel made up of John Gibson, Malcolm Dix and Colin Whittle.
Sports writer John Gibson was a veteran reporter for the Evening Chronicle. NUFC honorary life vice-president Malcolm Dix had formed the Magpie Group to take over NUFC in 1987 with Sir John Hall, eventually succeeding in 1993. Dix had also formed the Newcastle Supporters Association in 1977, which folded in 1984, as well as editing an early fanzine "The Supporter". Solicitor Colin Whittle was involved with the Save Our Seats campaign, a dispute in the late 1990s between fans and NUFC over seat ownership at St James' Park.
Following the initial public meeting, a further private meeting was held on 18 September 2008, at which an interim committee was established. NUSC made their first official statement through this committee on 19 September 2008 on a newly launched website, which also contained a registration form for prospective members to register their interest in the group. In the statement, NUSC expressed the feeling that for progress to be made, the club should be sold at the "earliest possible opportunity".
December 2008.
On 28 November 2008, interim team manager Joe Kinnear's contract was converted from a monthly rolling contract to a permanent one running until the end of the 2008/9 season. On 2 December 2008, in reaction to this news indicating the club might not be sold until the end of the year, the NUSC called for a truce, and while affirming the main aim was to still see the club sold, it speculated that if that did not happen, and Mike Ashley were to publicly apologise for mistakes made, that he might be given a second chance to run the club. Although at that time, the NUSC had so far not been able to open a dialogue with senior figures at the club.
At the same time, the NUSC website was updated with a countdown timer alongside an article addressed to Mike Ashley, Derek Llambias and Dennis Wise, which contained a list of potential problems that Ashley and the club would face if immediate and substantial investments were not made towards the first team playing squad during the January transfer window.
NUSC also published a "NUFC Christmas Tale" on their website, which was a satirical poem about Mike Ashley and his "Cockney Mafia".
The 28 December 2008 match at St James' Park between Newcastle and Liverpool was designated Bobby Robson day by the NUSC, celebrating the man and raising funds for the Sir Bobby Robson Foundation.
On the same day, Mike Ashley announced he had decided not to sell NUFC, and had taken it off the market. The timing of this announcement was criticised by the NUSC as hijacking the tribute to Bobby Robson
February 2009.
On 4 February 2009, the NUSC announced their intention to stage a protest rally at Grey's Monument directly before Newcastle United's home game against Everton FC on 22 February 2009.
The protest rally was given the go-ahead by Northumbria Police and a schedule was released a few days before the event was due to take place. There was no explanation from NUSC as to what had caused the delay between the announcement of the rally and clarification of what was due to take place.
Despite this uncertainty, the rally went ahead at Grey's Monument which had been draped in a "Ashley - Wise Out!!" banner along with "NUSC - change".
Several members of NUSC took the opportunity to talk to the varying crowd, estimated as being around 200–300 at any given point, interspersed with local entertainment.
March 2009.
The NUSC announced their intention to change their status to that of a Supporters' trust, the details of which were discussed in a public meeting on Thursday 19 March 2009 at the Tyneside Irish Centre, with speakers from Supporters Direct, the Lincoln City Supporters Trust, along with other notable Newcastle United related figures, who related their experiences of Supporters' Trusts.
On 26 March 2009 NUSC released a press statement entitled "All Together Now" as a rallying cry for supporters to get behind the team in an effort to stave off the immediate threat of relegation from the FA Premier League.
April/May 2009.
Following the appointment of Alan Shearer as caretaker manager until the end of the season, the local paper, the Evening Chronicle gave its support to the slightly renamed "Al Together Now" campaign.
Prior to Shearer's first game in charge, against Chelsea on 4 April, the NUSC staged a balloon release. Following this, the club agreed to provide Flags and scarves at the last three home games of the season in order to generate a better atmosphere. However, after providing flags for the home game against Middlesbrough, the club decided not to provide any flags or scarves for the final home fixture against Fulham.
June/July 2009.
Having received backing from Supporters Direct, NUSC worked over the summer in the transfer of status to a Supporters Trust. This was officially achieved in July 2009, and resulted in a slight name change to Newcastle United Supporters Trust (NUST).
Official launch.
NUST was officially launched in October 2009 at Newcastle Civic Centre. The trust produced its "More than a Trust" document, outlining NUST's vision "to engage with the owners of Newcastle United..., the community the club serves, and ultimately to have supporters representation on the board."
Structure.
Governance.
It was decided that the initial NUSC interim committee would remain in place until June 2009, at which point, elections would be held on a one member, one vote basis. However, the elections were postponed until early 2010, due to the transfer in status to a Supporters Trust and to allow the trust to work with Supporters Direct to ensure that the elections meet their requirements. The NUST committee incorporates representation with the Football Supporters' Federation (FSF). NUST is a recognised Supporters' trust, with a constitution matching a that of a Supporters' trust
Funding.
The start-up costs of the new group have been initially been funded by the fanzines and nufc.com website. Funding was then transferred to an annual £10 membership fee (with concessions) model, payable using PayPal or by cheque. Should the NUSC become a Supporters' trust, it would also gain government funding. The NUSC instituted a dissolution clause within their rules, such that, in the event of three quarters of the membership signing a dissolution motion, the NUSC would be wound up, and any monies remaining after winding up would be donated to the Sir Bobby Robson Cancer Trust.
Achievements.
Roadshows.
NUST holds regular meetings in pubs and social clubs throughout the North East of England. The meetings are open to both NUST members and non-members and allow committee members to inform and update Newcastle United supporters with the latest trust developments. The roadshows are also partly social events with quizzes and regular guest speakers, ex-Newcastle player John Anderson and local journalist, John Gibson of the Evening Chronicle.
Local Achievers.
In October 2009, NUST launched its 'Local Achievers' scheme, in conjunction with the Evening Chronicle. The scheme rewards people in the local community, who have been nominated by Newcastle fans with tickets to Newcastle United home games. Examples of local achievers include three teenagers who formed their own junior Newcastle United supporters club, charity fundraisers, and a youth football coach.
Newsletters.
Trust members now receive a monthly newsletter called NUST News updating them with the main news concerning the trust. The majority of members receive this in the form of an e-mail, although those without e-mail addresses receive a hard copy.
Yes We Can! campaign.
On 10 November 2009, NUST launched a campaign to buy Newcastle United on NewcastleGateshead Quayside. The campaign aims to raise the money via pledges both fans and local businesses. Initially, the campaign is aimed at investors with either a minimum of £1,500 cash, or a Self-invested personal pension at a minimum transfer of £25,000, with each investor entitled to one vote, regardless of the amount invested.
Board resignations.
On 24 November 2010, committee member Bill Corcoran resigned from the board. On 1 December 2010 Neil Mitchell resigned from the board. In April 2011 Steve Hastie resigned from the board.
In all, three members have resigned, citing problems with the board and way in which the Trust is being run.

</doc>
<doc id="19391405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391405" title="Granaria">
Granaria

Granaria is a genus of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Chondrinidae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Granaria" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19391421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391421" title="István Csák">
István Csák

István Csák, also known as "Hircsák" (February 18, 1915 – December 31, 1976) was a Hungarian ice hockey and field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was part of the Hungarian ice hockey team which was eliminated in the second round of the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches as goalkeeper.
At the 1936 Summer Games he was a member of the Hungarian field hockey team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played all three matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="19391427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391427" title="Dol2day">
Dol2day

dol2day is the name of a social networking platform for politically interested German speaking people. "dol2day" is the abbreviation for “democracy online today”. Most of the members are college and university students, pupils and younger professionals, in particular from Germany. Average age is between 20 and 30 years. The website was launched in May 2000 by five students from Aachen. Therefore "dol2day" claims to be one of the oldest social networks and the biggest for politics in Germany. The site is a combination of Internet forum and multi-user dungeon (MUD).
Features.
"dol2day" provides several features for its members (“Doler”). Users are able to keep and maintain a personal page. This page contains information about their name, age, contact details, interests, friends list, political preferences and group as well as virtual party memberships within "dol2day". Doler also have the option to upload a photo on their personal page. Furthermore the website provides a private messaging service for its members and an internet radio. "dol2day" is comparable to other social networking sites.
Users can start public-opinion polls about political and social topics. In these polls all Doler are able to discuss the issue and to evaluate articles by other member.
Doler are accessed to vote an “Internet Chancellor” for a period of four months. This “Internet Chancellor” organizes chats with politicians and other celebrities (e.g. Franz Müntefering, Christian Wulff, Günter Verheugen) and starts referendums to develop the community. But the ultimate decision makers are the owner of "dol2day", DEESITE GbR, a German company constituted under civil law.
From time to time Doler are holding local real life-meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="19391451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391451" title="Russians in Spain">
Russians in Spain

Russians in Spain form one of the country's smaller foreign communities, making up about 0.83% of all foreigners in Spain.
History.
During the Spanish Civil War there were 72 White émigré volunteers on the Nationalist side, as well as some hundreds of Soviet advisors on the Republican side.

</doc>
<doc id="19391458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391458" title="Murali (Malayalam actor)">
Murali (Malayalam actor)

Murali (, 25 May 1954 - 6 August 2009) was an Indian actor and author. He mainly appeared in Malayalam and Tamil films. He won the National Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of a communist freedom fighter and professional weaver in the film "Neythukaran" (2002). He was also a stage actor and television actor. He was known for his powerful portrayal of character roles, lead roles, and negative roles. His last film was "Aadhavan".
Besides acting, he was the chairman of the Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Academy from 2006 until his death. He also authored five books, and was also a Sangeetha Nataka Academy award winner. He contested the 1999 Lok Sabha polls as a communist candidate without success. He was also the Director of the CPI(M) promoted television company "Malayalam Communications", which runs Malayalam TV channels Kairali TV, People TV and WE TV.
He started his film career playing villain roles and soon turned into a character actor. The 1992 film "Aadhaaram", in which he played the lead role, gave a 'break' to his career. The film was well received in the box office and Murali ascended to the status of a star in Malayalam film, which he enjoyed for a couple of years.
He was closely associated with the Communist Party of India (Marxist). 
Early life.
Murali was born on 25 May 1954 as the first of five children to P. Krishna Pillai and K. Devaki Amma at Kudavattoor, Kollam, Kerala, India. He did his schooling from Kudavattoor L. P. School and Thrikannamangalam S. K. V. High School. He passed the pre-degree from M.G. College, Thiruvananthapuram and his Degree from Devaswom Board College, Sasthamkotta. He was an active member of the Students Federation of India. He took an Ll. B degree from the Thiruvananthapuram Law Academy. After studies, he worked for some years as Lower Division Clerk in the Department of Health, Government of Kerala and as Upper Division Clerk in the office of Kerala University. He was married to Mini and has a daughter Karthika. 
Career.
Film actor.
Murali debuted in films with the lead role in "Njattadi", directed by Bharath Gopi. But the film was never released. He then got chance to act in "Chidambaram", directed by the National Award-winning filmmaker Aravindan. He then acted in "Meenamasathile Sooryan" and "Panchagni", directed by Lenin Rajendran and Hariharan, respectively. "Panchagni" got released first and it gave him the break in his acting career. He soon established himself as a powerful actor in the Malayalam film industry. "Aadhaaram", directed by George Kittu, was the first film to be released with Murali in a lead role. He acted in a variety of roles, ranging from lead roles to villain roles, and won accolades. Some of his other notable films include "Nee Ethra Dhanya", "Dhanam", "The King", "Pathram", "Chankoram", "Veeralippattu", "Achan Kombathu Amma Varambathu", "Meenamasathile Sooryan", "Swarnam", "Kaarunyam" and "The Truth".
Murali acted in the longest TV commercial ever on Indian TV, spanning 150 seconds. This was for Air Deccan in 2005.
Stage actor.
Murali was actively involved with "Natyagriham", a drama venture started by actor Narendra Prasad. Murali won critical acclaim for his portrayal of Ravana in the Malayalam play "Lanka Lakshmi", which was based on C. N. Sreekantan Nair's novel of the same name.
Author.
Murali authored five books. His book on Kumaranasan, "Abhinethavum Asante Kavithayum" ("Actor and Asan's Poetry") won him the Sangeetha Nataka Academy award. One of his other critically acclaimed books was "Abhinyathinte Rasathanthram" ("Chemistry of Acting").
Politician.
Murali contested the 1999 Lok Sabha polls from the Alappuzha constituency as a Left Democratic Front candidate, but lost to V. M. Sudheeran of Indian National Congress.
Death.
Murali died in Thiruvananthapuram on 6 August 2009 at the age of 55, due to acute diabetes which led to a heart attack at 8.20 PM IST.
Awards.
National Film Awards:
Kerala State Film Awards:
Kerala state TV Awards
Filmfare Awards:
Other awards:

</doc>
<doc id="19391461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391461" title="Grünerløkka–Torshov Line">
Grünerløkka–Torshov Line

The Grünerløkka–Torshov () is a tramway line running from Jernbanetorget to Storo in Oslo, Norway. It is served by lines 11, 12 and 13 of the Oslo Tramway.
The line was built by Kristiania Sporveisselskap and opened for horsecars in 1878 from Stortorvet to Grünerløkka, and was extended on 12 April 1879 to St. Halvards Plass. Electrification occurred in 1899, with a further extension to Grefsen Station in 1902. In 1934 the new Kjelsås Line was built branching off from Storo to Kjelsås.

</doc>
<doc id="19391507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391507" title="Graphopoli">
Graphopoli

GRAPHOPOLI is the first edition of an Urban Art Biennale curated by Celina Nogueras Cuevas, developed by the Museum of Art of Puerto Rico (MAPR) and sponsored by UBS Financial Services
With an open call for portfolios last April the MAPR drafted the best urban artists from the Island and challenged them to transform giant scale structures into eye-catching urban landmarks. The artists had an opportunity to intervene uncommon places such as a water pump, a student residence building, a sport center, a lighthouse viewpoint and a water tank, among others. A selection committee which consisted of international figures such as infamous Miss 17 from NY and artist/editor of Swindle Magazine, Sonik (Boston) among local professionals selected the artists that were to participate in the event.
GRAPHOPOLI accommodated the contestants in two categories: solo and crew. Artists such as BIKISMO, SOFIA, LARREGUI, NEPO and PUN18, preceded the solo artist category. Each artist challenged concepts of everyday life and propaganda, such as consumerism and visual exploitation, gentrification, femininity, fantasy, childhood among others.
The second category composed by: ADMcru, COROGRAFICO and OS Crew, transformed ordinary structures and walls with their signature styles: a combination of playful personages, colorful urban settings, and remarkable photo-like creations. 
This first edition of GRAPHOPOLI captivated various municipalities of Puerto Rico that instantly adopted this innovative program into their art and cultural enhancement plan.
Official Web Site

</doc>
<doc id="19391508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391508" title="Chondrina tatrica">
Chondrina tatrica

Chondrina tatrica is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Chondrinidae.
Distribution.
The species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="19391537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391537" title="Camp Cody">
Camp Cody

Camp Cody, located 3 miles northwest of Deming, New Mexico, was a World War I Army camp from 1916 to 1919.
History.
During World War I, Camp Cody was an army training camp for the National Guard units from North and South Dakota, Nebraska, Minnesota and Iowa. Soldiers received basic training there before leaving for the war in France. The different National Guard units together formed the 34th Infantry Division and were nicknamed the "Sandstorm Division," a name based on the camp's desert climate.
Construction.
The camp was constructed during the summer of 1917 by the government. Unable to accommodate the 30,000 troops that served at the camp it was necessary to build 120 mess houses and 1,200 bathhouses. Each regiment had its own office building and it took 11 large warehouse to store all the supplies needed for the Division. A large hospital was needed and stayed in use long after the war ended.
June 14, 1918, Hughes Co. (Oklahoma) Men Called To the Colors. Call No. 607 for 113 recruits to entrain from Hughes county for Camp Cody, Deming, New Mexico between the 24th and 29 June. The following are the names and addresses of those called. Olen Ashby, Holdenville, E. F. McKinney, Dustin, Raymond Sieminshie, Stuart, C. E. Dewitt, Holdonville, Clarence Spruell, Holdenville, Earl Crane, Stuart, Daniel A. Johnson, Holdenville, William N. Stanfill, Wetumka, Albert Annis, Wetumka, Charles W. Stanfill, Wetumka, Rufus Garland, Wetumka, Leftric Perry, Holdenville, Tom Sanders, Holderville, R. B. White, Dustin.
World War One.
During the US-Mexican Border War the camp was named "Camp Brooks". Then with the beginning of the First World War it was renamed "Camp Deming". The camp was renamed again shortly after the death of the famous buffalo hunter and showman, William F. Cody (1846–1917), better known as "Buffalo Bill Cody." The camp was open from July 16, 1916 until the early months of 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="19391541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391541" title="Thai President Foods">
Thai President Foods

Thai President Foods PCL () is a Bangkok-based Thai company established April 18, 1972. It is internationally quite well known for its instant noodles under the brand "MAMA".
Company.
, Thai President Foods is the premiere instant noodle manufacturer in Thailand. In the world market, it ranks top ten with that product.
Since 1978, the company's shares are traded at the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET). Chairman of the Board of directors is Boonsithi Chokwatana; President is Pipat Paniangvait; Vice President is Suchai Ratanajiajaroen 
As of 2008, 3,824 people are employed by Thai President Foods The factory sites are all located in Thailand (Lamphun Province and Sriracha Cholburi). As of 2008, Thai President Foods has a registered capital of 180m Thai baht. (c. $5,31m). Exports are executed by the company's subsidiary "President Interfood Co., Ltd."
Products.
The food company's main products are flavoured instant noodles mainly sold under the "MAMA" brand and other brands such as "Mamy", "Pama", "Papa", "Sai Keo" and "Honghow" which are distributed worldwide. In Thailand, instant noodles made by Thai President Foods have a 50% + market share which gives the company a market dominance in that segment. Currently, the export quantity of MAMA Instant noodles soups is five million packages per day.
The product range is
Thai President Foods takes part in the government marketing campaign "Diversity and Refinement" (registration no. FB 0128/05) by the Department of Export Promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="19391545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391545" title="Douglas Warren (bishop)">
Douglas Warren (bishop)

Douglas Joseph Warren (21 March 1919 – 6 February 2013) was an Australian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. At the time of his death he was, at the age of 93, the oldest Australian Roman Catholic bishop.
Warren was born in Canowindra, New South Wales, Australia and ordained a priest on 20 December 1942 in the Diocese of Wilcannia-Forbes. He was appointed auxiliary bishop of the same diocese, as well as titular bishop of Aquae Novae in Numidia, on 16 June 1964 and ordained a bishop by Cardinal Sir Norman Thomas Gilroy on 27 July 1964 and co-consecrators Bishop Bryan Gallagher of Port Pirie and Bishop Bernard Stewart of Sandhurst. On 26 September 1967 he was appointed the diocesan bishop and remained in position until his retirement on 30 March 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19391558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391558" title="1992 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles">
1992 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles

Patrick Galbraith and Anders Järryd were the defending champions, but Galbraith chose not to participate, and only Jarryd competed that year.
Jarryd partnered with John Fitzgerald, but lost in the first round to Marc-Kevin Goellner and David Prinosil.
Marc-Kevin Goellner and David Prinosil won in the final 6–2, 6–7, 7–6, against Paul Haarhuis and Mark Koevermans.

</doc>
<doc id="19391576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391576" title="The Rachel Maddow Show">
The Rachel Maddow Show

The Rachel Maddow Show (also abbreviated TRMS) is a daily news and opinion television program that airs on MSNBC, running in the 9:00 pm ET timeslot. It is hosted by Rachel Maddow, who gained popularity with her frequent appearances as a liberal pundit on various MSNBC programs. It is based on her former radio show of the same name. The show debuted on September 8, 2008.
Background.
Keith Olbermann, then host of MSNBC's "Countdown with Keith Olbermann", was Maddow's first guest on her debut show, and has been given credit for pushing for Maddow to get her own show. Prior to getting her own show, Maddow had served as regular guest host for "Countdown" when Olbermann was absent. "The Rachel Maddow Show" replaced "Verdict with Dan Abrams".
Format.
"The Rachel Maddow Show" is broadcast from 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York.
Current segments.
Maddow invites a variety of commentators and newsmakers onto the show to discuss the day's news. Frequent segments include:
Live audience shows.
The series has occasionally aired in front of theatre audiences, including the 92nd Street Y in New York City on December 20–22, 2010; the Free State Brewery in Lawrence, Kansas on February 23, 2011; and the French Quarter of New Orleans, Louisiana on February 5, 2010 (to mark the impending Super Bowl XLIV game featuring the New Orleans Saints under the name ""The Rachel Maddeaux Sheaux"").
Ratings and reviews.
"The Rachel Maddow Show" debuted on September 8, 2008, with 1,543,000 viewers (483,000 of whom were in the 25–54 demographic). Early reviews for her show were mostly positive. "Los Angeles Times" writer, Matea Gold stated that Maddow, "finds the right formula on MSNBC", while "The Guardian" writes Maddow has become the "star of America's cable news". Associated Press columnist, David Bauder called her Keith Olbermann's "political soul mate" and referred to the Olbermann/Maddow shows as a two-hour "liberal ... block." "The New York Times" writer Alessandra Stanley opined, "Her program adds a good-humored female face to a cable news channel whose prime time is dominated by unruly, often squabbling schoolboys; Ms. Maddow’s deep, modulated voice is reassuringly calm after so much shrill emotionalism and catfights among the channel's aging, white male divas".
On September 16, 2008, the show drew 1,801,000 viewers (with 534,000 in the 25–54 demographic), beating "Larry King Live" and becoming the highest-rated MSNBC show of the night. Maddow's ratings success on September 16, 2008 prompted many of her MSNBC colleagues on "Morning Joe" to congratulate her on the air, including Joe Scarborough, who said it was "just one of those times where good people do well." In the month of March 2009 the average number of viewers dropped to 1.1 million, part of a general trend in the ratings decline for cable news programs. During the third quarter of 2009, the show was ranked in third place behind Fox News's "Hannity" and CNN's "Larry King Live". The average total number of viewers for the show's airtimes during this period was 992,000.
During the first quarter of 2010, Maddow's show pulled well ahead of "Larry King Live", regularly beating the show in overall and primetime ratings, becoming the second highest-rated program in its time slot, behind only Fox News's "Hannity". The show continued its lead during the second quarter of 2010, staying well ahead of CNN's "Larry King Live" for the third consecutive quarter, and topping the show in both primetime and overall ratings.
In September 2012, "Maddow" viewership in the 25–54 demographic topped that of "Hannity" on Monday and Tuesday and in the demographic's daily average for the week, though not in the week's cumulative viewership for the time slot. The week was MSNBC's strongest since February 2009. At the time, the network regularly ranked "a distant second" to Fox News viewership.
In May 2013, the show delivered its lowest-rated month since it debuted in September 2008 (717,000 total viewers) and its second-lowest with adults 25-54 (210,000). Maddow was topped by both FNC's "Hannity" and CNN's "Piers Morgan Tonight".
In November 2013, during the off-year election coverage, Maddow was "up significantly, averaging second place in both measures with 1.267 million viewers and 313,000 adults 25-54." This placed the "Maddow Show" second, running behind Fox News' Megyn Kelly, but ahead of CNN's "Piers Morgan Live".

</doc>
<doc id="19391580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391580" title="Peruvian migration to Spain">
Peruvian migration to Spain

As of 2009, official statistics showed 137,154 Peruvians in Spain.
Integration and community.
In 2008, Wilbert Bendezú Carpio, the vice-president of the Parliament of the Andean Community of Nations, denounced what he described as racism, xenophobia, and unwarranted violence by Spanish police against Peruvian migrants.

</doc>
<doc id="19391589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391589" title="African immigrants to New Zealand">
African immigrants to New Zealand

African immigrants to New Zealand are citizens and residents of New Zealand born in, or with recent ancestors from Africa. They represent less than 0.2% of New Zealand's population, although the number grew substantially during the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19391599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391599" title="Tau1 Serpentis">
Tau1 Serpentis

Tau1 Serpentis (Tau1 Ser, τ1 Serpentis, τ1 Ser) is an M-type giant star in the constellation of Serpens, approximately 900 light-years from Earth. It has an apparent visual magnitude which varies between 5.13 and 5.20.

</doc>
<doc id="19391604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391604" title="Hilversum Media Park railway station">
Hilversum Media Park railway station

Hilversum Media Park (between 1989 and 2013, called Hilversum Noord, until 1989, called Hilversum NOS) is a railway station in the town of Hilversum, Netherlands. Opened on 25 September 1974, Hilversum Media Park is located on the Amsterdam–Zutphen railway - also called the Gooilijn - north of the town centre, serving Media Park, where most Dutch television and radio broadcasters are located. The station is approximately from Amsterdam Centraal. Before 1989, the station was named Hilversum NOS: a reference to the public broadcaster Nederlandse Omroep Stichting (more commonly referred to as NOS).
Services.
The Dutch operator Nederlandse Spoorwegen operates the following services from the station:

</doc>
<doc id="19391607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391607" title="USNS Captain Arlo L. Olson (T-AK-245)">
USNS Captain Arlo L. Olson (T-AK-245)

USNS "Capt. Arlo L. Olson" (T-AK-245) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed for the United States Navy during the closing period of World War II. However, the war ended, and she was transferred to the U.S. Army as USAT "Capt. Arlo L. Olson" in 1946 who kept her in service until transferred to the U.S. Navy in 1950.
Built in Brunswick, Georgia.
The ship was laid down as "MV Bell Ringer" on (date unknown) and launched on (date unknown) at J. A. Jones Construction Company, Brunswick, Georgia, as a type (C1-M-AV1) under U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 2478). She was acquired by the U.S. Maritime Commission on 11 August 1945 and issued to the Waterman Steamship Corporation under a bare bottom charter. 
U.S. Army service.
She was returned to the U.S. War Department 13 August 1946 and assigned to the U.S. Army which commissioned her on 30 August 1946 as USAT "Capt. Arlo I. Olson". She was retained by the U.S. Army until she was transferred to the U.S. Navy in 1950.
U.S. Navy service.
"Captain Arlo L. Olson" (AK-245) was acquired from the U.S. Army on 1 March 1950 and immediately transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) USNS "Capt. Arlo L. Olson" (T-AK-245) for permanent assignment. 
She continued to serve the U.S. Navy until she was placed out of service on 25 October 1956.
Post-war inactivation.
She was stricken from the Navy List on 22 May 1958 and laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Olympia, Washington until she was sold on 4 March 1971 and subsequently scrapped.
Honors and awards.
Qualified vessel personnel were authorized the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19391621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391621" title="Mount Sarbach">
Mount Sarbach

Mount Sarbach is a mountain located in Banff National Park between Mistaya River and Howse River and is visible from the Icefields Parkway. The mountain is named after Peter Sarbach, a mountain guide from Switzerland, who guided the first ascend by J. Norman Collie and G.P. Baker in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="19391651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391651" title="Live (Roxy Music album)">
Live (Roxy Music album)

__NOTOC__
Live is a double live album by English art rock band Roxy Music, released in 2003. Their fourth official live album, it contains performances from a variety of venues on their 2001 reunion world tour, and represents the entire set list from those concerts. "Live" was packaged in a Digipak case, with "Both Ends Burning" featured as an enhanced visual element.
Critical reception.
On allmusic Sean Westergaard wrote: "This set should impress those unfamiliar with Roxy and will surely thrill longtime fans. It's a fine testament to this band that these songs sound timeless rather than dated nearly 30 years down the line in many cases. After nearly two decades away, Roxy Music prove that they still have plenty of style and plenty of substance".
On bbc.co.uk, Nigel Bell stated: "Roxy’s reunion might have been short lived (who knows?) but this is evidence that the band members can still compete with their younger upstarts".

</doc>
<doc id="19391670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391670" title="Tau2 Serpentis">
Tau2 Serpentis

Tau2 Serpentis (Tau2 Ser, τ2 Serpentis, τ2 Ser) is a B-type main sequence star in the constellation of Serpens, approximately 430 light-years from Earth. It has an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 6.218.

</doc>
<doc id="19391690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391690" title="Lewis Sargentich">
Lewis Sargentich

Lewis Daniel "Lew" Sargentich (b. 1944), frequently referred to simply as "Sarge", has been a professor at Harvard Law School since 1973 where he teaches courses tort law and jurisprudence. Sargentich is well known for his remarkable tenure as a student at Harvard Law School, where he both named and first analyzed the First Amendment overbreadth doctrine in a student note [https://web2.westlaw.com/find/default.wl?rs=WLW9.11&ifm=NotSet&fn=_top&sv=Split&cite=83+Harv.+L.+Rev.+844&vr=2.0&rp=%2ffind%2fdefault.wl&mt=208]. He graduated "summa cum laude".
He grew up in Alhambra, California, and is the son of Daniel Sargentich, a first-generation American who lost most of his hearing working in copper mines, and Peggy Sargentich, who was known as Margaret until she told a handsome man in a voter registration line that her name was "Peggy" a name that stuck as that man became her husband of 65 years. Sarge is also the brother of Thomas O. Sargentich, the late professor at American University School of law and Karen Sargentich Stafford author of The Obelisk and "Dad Turned 90 on the 4th of July: Daniel Milo Sargentich".
He co-authors the popular tort law casebook "Tort and Accident Law: Cases and Materials" with Gregory Keating and the late Robert Keeton (whose position as editor will be replaced by James Fleming of Boston University Law School in the 2010 edition).
Biography.
Academic career.
During his time at Alhambra High School Sargentich was the most acclaimed student orator in the country. He won both the prestigious National Forensic League Boys Domestic Extemporaneous Speaking tournament and the Lions Club National Speaker Contest in 1961. He then attended and graduated from Occidental College, Sussex University, and Harvard Law School.
His brilliant academic career won him many accolades. Notably, Sargentich was one of a total of only six HLS students to receive the "summa cum laude" designation at Harvard Law during the over fifty years in which it was determined by a Grade Point Average threshold. While earning this distinction, Sargentich gained his first exposure to his future field of tort law in a course on the subject taught by longtime HLS Professor Charles Fried, who gave him an A+. This performance was sandwiched between his experiences as a Marshall Scholar at the University of Sussex in 1965 and as a member of Thurgood Marshall's inaugural class of Supreme Court Law Clerks in 1970–71.
Early legal career.
He first gained acclaim in the legal profession for his student article, The First Amendment Overbreadth Doctrine (83 Harv. L. Rev. 844 ), which has been cited by over 210 scholarly works and over 150 cases making it the second most cited student legal article ever written. The article has been widely acclaimed as brilliant and sufficient impetus for HLS's extremely rare award of tenure to Sargentich before he had published any works professionally. Ironically, the only published work Sargentich has authored since being granted tenure is the above noted casebook; however, he is commonly cited for his unpublished manuscript Complex Enforcement written in March 1978 and on file at the Harvard Law School Library.
Sargentich clerked at the Supreme Court during the height of the Vietnam War protest era, when the Court was on security alert from time to time. A confidential memo to justices from Court Clerk E. Robert Seaver, dated May 3, 1971, warned ominously that "further trouble an alert is expected tomorrow morning". The memo laid out the security measures that executive-branch employees were using, including leaving the office early "to avoid a heavy rush-hour traffic and further trouble with the demonstrators". The memo also said: "The key executives in the executive branch are being told that if they want to avoid possible delays they should be in their offices by 6 a.m." Next to that sentence is a hand-drawn line, leading to a note at the bottom, apparently written by Marshall himself which read: "Not germane to law clerk Sargentich!!!"
Asked about the note, Sargentich laughed loudly. "That was the justice, all right", he said. That year, Sargentich recalls, "I always strolled in rather late, and then worked very late", a habit he continues even now. "Getting in at 6 a.m.? I'm barely moving at that hour". Reflecting on his time as a clerk, Sargentich once commented that Justice Marshall "always was a person who believed in liberal values and who believed in the law and its service to the world".
Later career.
After clerking, Sargentich worked as staff counsel for the Washington Research Project for a year. He then worked for a year as associate general counsel for the United Mine Workers in Washington. He currently teaches jurisprudence and torts at Harvard Law; he became a lecturer at the school in 1973 at the age of 29, an assistant professor in 1974, and a full professor in 1979. Listing him as "One of 10 Professors to Take" in 2003, the Harvard Law Record noted that "s the legal academy focuses increasingly on the intersection of law and politics, economics, race, literature, Sargentich stands tall as a steadfast expositor of the philosophical roots of law". His other activities at Harvard while a professor have included chairing Harvard's international graduate program.
On October 16, 1983, the "New York Times" published a letter co-written by Sargentich and fellow Harvard law professors Duncan Kennedy and Richard Parker responding to adverse media reaction to George McGovern's announcement of his presidential candidacy. The letter provides a rare window into Sargentich's political leanings. It states in part:
"What makes McGovern different is just this: He moved his party not to the right but to the left - and he seeks to move it to the left again. That, it seems to us, is reason enough to support his candidacy."
In class, Sargentich is a brilliant lecturer and possesses an uncanny ability to summarize and elucidate difficult texts. Harvard Law students have overwhelmingly enjoyed his classes, calling him on course evaluations "brilliant", "inspirational", "the king", and "the smartest man on this planet or any other" among other things.
Personal.
Sargentich is married to and frequently makes joint contributions with Valerie Bradley, who has been the President of the Human Services Research Institute—an organization involved in assisting states and the federal government to enhance services and supports to people with mental illness and people with intellectual disabilities—in Cambridge, MA since its inception in 1976. Sarge's apparent reclusivity was recently satirized in a "Harvard Law Record" April Fools Day article quoting (a fictional version of) Sargentich as saying "I still don't fully understand what the Internet even is, your world frightens and confuses ".

</doc>
<doc id="19391691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391691" title="National Air Force Museum of Canada">
National Air Force Museum of Canada

The National Air Force Museum of Canada, formerly known as the "RCAF Memorial Museum", is an aviation museum dedicated to preserving the history of the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) and is located on the west side of CFB Trenton in Trenton, Ontario.
Opened April 1, 1984 on the 60th anniversary of the establishment of the RCAF, it is home to a large collection of RCAF aircraft and artifacts.
The museum is a permanent archive which collects, preserves and displays Royal Canadian Air Force
(RCAF) memorabilia, photographs, paintings and documents as a lasting tribute and memorial to all the men and women who served our nation in the RCAF and its predecessor organizations.
Memorials.
There are 29 memorials and cairns dedicated to RCAF squadrons and units:
Affiliations.
The museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, OMMC and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19391694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391694" title="Tau3 Serpentis">
Tau3 Serpentis

Tau3 Serpentis (Tau3 Ser, τ3 Serpentis, τ3 Ser) is a G-type giant star in the constellation of Serpens. It is approximately 410 light-years from Earth. It has an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 6.108.

</doc>
<doc id="19391706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391706" title="Çəmənli">
Çəmənli

Çəmənli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19391709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391709" title="Sawyers">
Sawyers

Sawyers is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19391723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391723" title="Channel 12 – Misiones">
Channel 12 – Misiones

LT85 TV Canal 12 de Posadas is an Argentine television station broadcasting from Posadas, Misiones to all the province and the south of Paraguay and Brazil. It is an independent station, with a few time-delayed Artear shows. Founded on November 18, 1972, the station produces a great deal of local programming.
Local programming.
The station produces around 60% of its schedule. The most important shows are:

</doc>
<doc id="19391727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391727" title="Vertigo ronnebyensis">
Vertigo ronnebyensis

Vertigo ronnebyensis is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.
Shell description.
The shell is deeply perforate, long-ovate, regularly finely striate, very glossy and reddish-brown in color. The shell has 5½ convex whorls. The last whorl is about equal to the penult, which is a third higher than the preceding whorl, which is double the height of the next earlier. Last whorl has a transverse callus of the same color near the aperture. Suture is very oblique, ascending to the aperture.
Aperture is quite obliquely piriform, excised by the very oblique parietal wall. Aperture has 4 teeth: 1 parietal lamella, 1 conic tooth at the lower end of the sharply emerging, dark-colored columella; 2 short, widely separated, deeply immersed palatal folds. Margins are delicately united, the outer margin is weakly arcuate, nearly straight, the columellar margin is broadly reflected.
The width of the adult shell is 1.15-1.35 mm, the height is 2.0-2.35 mm.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:
Habitat.
This species lives in forests.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from reference.

</doc>
<doc id="19391730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391730" title="Felix Magalela Mafa Sibanda">
Felix Magalela Mafa Sibanda

Felix Mafa is a Zimbabwean activist, politician and member of parliament for Magwegwe in Bulawayo for the MDC-T party, as well as being provincial spokesperson for that party.
In 1980 he was the Zimbabwe African People's Union (ZAPU) candidate for Mashonaland Central constituency in Harare. 
In 1985, he stood for ZAPU as a Glen View Candidate. This was done at the request of Joshua Nkomo himself.
In 1999, his Glen View house set on fire by the Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front thugs and he was chased away from Harare and sent packing to Bulawayo or risk execution. 
In 1987. his eldest son Canan Mafa, a former Zimbabwe People's Revolutionary Army freedom fighter was abducted by ZANU PF Fifth Brigrade and drowned in the Zambezi river. He became the most outspoken person against Gukurahundi and eventually founded Post Independence Survivors' Trust, a pressure group to find justice against Gukurahundi pepetrators and healing for the victims. 
As a trade unionist in 1981, Felix Mafa was the first person recorded in Zimbabwe's history to be responsible for nation wide civil servants strike for better wages and work conditions, including fighting for pensions, and medical services. In subsequent year, Felix continued to press the government for better conditions in civil government. He was the president of the Zimbabwe Teachers Union (ZITU) for many years. The Minister of Labour said that the strike was illegal, and on 22 August, the general secretary, John Makoni, and deputy general secretary, Charles Chiiru, of the Public Service Association (PSA) were arrested. They were released the next day.
The strike was called off on 22 August, but thousands of workers stayed out. On 23 August, the government said that strikers were sacked. This was estimated to affect 70–80% of 180,000 civil servants. Armed riot police were deployed in the capital, Harare, on 27 August to keep watch over sacked workers who gathered in the central park.
The PSA was prevented from giving its viewpoint in the state-owned press. There were threats of arrests, intimidation and victimisation of strikers.
On 3 September, the government agreed to reinstate sacked workers who went back to work. However, managers were told to identify everyone who had gone on strike. Over 30,000 workers were identified and not paid for the two and half weeks of the strike. The government began to abolish jobs.
Nurses and junior doctors resumed the strike on 21 October because they had not got the increase promised by the government. On 28 October, doctors and senior nurses went back to work.
On 4 November, Dr. Farai Jiah was arrested and charged with inciting the strike. Dr. Austin Bene was arrested on 5 November. Both were sacked. Doctors went on strike again.
On 8 November, Felix Mafa, the ZITU president was arrested and sacked, though the charges were later dropped. Many nurses were fired and given one month to appeal.
The government started to advertise health service vacancies in South Africa and the UK.
On 11 November, the Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions (ZCTU) and other sections of society held a demonstration in Harare in support of the strikers. The authorities refused to provide a police escort. Morgan Tsvangirai, the ZCTU general secretary, and Isaac Matongo, the ZCTU vice-president, were arrested for two hours and the crowd was tear-gassed before the march started. Riot police used tear gas and batons to disperse demonstrators. The government invoked the colonial Law and Order (Maintenance Act) against the strikers.
On 12 November, the ZCTU called a two-day national strike calling for the reinstatement of the sacked workers.
On 18 November, the Supreme Court referred the cases of the five arrested doctors and nurses for inciting workers to strike. The Harare Magistrates Court noted that the law might be unconstitutional thus violating the right of the accused.
On 26 November, after an appeal to President Mugabe, half the nurses and a third of the junior doctors had been reinstated. Union leaders were excluded. Nurses refused to go back until their leaders were reinstated. They said they would continue to press for a legal mechanism for collective bargaining and dispute resolution.
By 18 December, the two doctors were still not reinstated. The authorities also refused to reinstate five nurses, and three hundred nurses walked out again. The government said they would not be reinstated and tried to stop them getting jobs in local health institutions. Nurses who went back to work reported victimisation.
Prior to his involvement in MDC party politics, he was a civil society activist in the National Constitutional Assembly, and Advocacy chairman. He also serves as director of the Post Independence Survivors' Trust (PIST), from its formation in 2004 until 2008. In the 1990s, Mafa was a teachers' trade unionist, for the Zimbabwe Teachers' Union. He has spoken out strongly against the Gukurahundi

</doc>
<doc id="19391731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391731" title="Keshtaz">
Keshtaz

Keshtaz (, also Romanized as Keshtāz; also known as Keshtār) is a village in Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 28, in 7 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="19391733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391733" title="Ichikawa FM">
Ichikawa FM

Ichikawa-FM is a Japanese local FM radio station (Community FM) in Ichikawa.

</doc>
<doc id="19391736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391736" title="C.C. Banana">
C.C. Banana

Anthony John Confessore (1969–2012), better known as C.C. Banana, was a music personality, known for conducting interviews for Metal Sludge while wearing a large yellow banana costume. Banana was profiled by such publications as Classic Rock Magazine, The Aquarian and the New York Press and was a recurring guest on Sirius satellite radio.
History.
The name was "C.C. Banana" was inspired by Poison guitarist C.C. DeVille, who was charging fans money for autographs, photos, and handshakes at a 2001 Poison concert Confessore attended. At the concert Confessore, then unknown, decided to do the same, while wearing a banana costume that was in the back of his friend's car. 
He continued wearing the banana costume, sometimes modifying it. For interviews with Star Wars personalities, C.C. Banana donned a Jedi robe and calls himself "Bananakin Skywalker." When conducting himself within the Kiss community, he often dressed as original Kiss guitarist Ace Frehley and referred to himself as "Ace Peeley."
In 2007, he appeared on the Sci Fi Channel reality series "Who Wants to Be a Superhero?." In 2008, he was a featured guest on the weekly Fuse TV series "Talking Metal On Fuse." Later in 2008, he appeared on the Kiss tribute album "KISS MY ANKH: A Tribute To Vinnie Vincent," for which he recorded a parody of the Kiss song "Unholy," rewritten as a roast of Danger Danger vocalist Ted Poley. The parody also featured a guitar solo by Chris Caffery of Savatage and Trans-Siberian Orchestra.
Death.
Confessore committed suicide at his New Jersey home on May 21, 2012. He was reportedly in financial trouble as a result of his extensive investment in the tribute album "Whole Lotta Love — an All-Star Tribute to Fat Chicks". He left a suicide note on his facebook page stating:
"Xanadu has been breached, my friends.
Cry “Havoc!” and let slip the vultures and jackals.
No more past. No more future. Both have been taken away….
If only those who knew less didn’t always think they knew better.
It took just one year of Hell to undo a lifetime of hope.
I am too lost to be found and too broken to be fixed.
Let the Monday morning quarterbacking begin.
Anthony John Confessore
PS: Kudos to my sister Valerie Swift, my niece Kristin Margetis and my nephew Gregory Confessore for orchestrating the above. Please pray for my mother Mavis, for she is now in their care."

</doc>
<doc id="19391754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391754" title="Vertigo alpestris">
Vertigo alpestris

Vertigo alpestris is a species of minute, air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs or micromollusks in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails. 
Shell description.
The shell is subcylindrical, thin and semitransparent, closely and rather strongly striate in the line of growth. Its color is very glossy, a pale yellowish-horn-color. The periphery is rounded: epidermis thin. The shell has 4½ convex whorls, but slightly compressed. The spire is short, abrupt and bluntly pointed. The suture is excessively deep.
The shell aperture is semioval and subangular, owing to the outward compression of the periphery. The aperture has 4 teeth: one sharp and 
prominent tooth on the middle of the pillar wall, one strong and also prominent and thick tooth on the pillar lip, and two lamellae or plate-like teeth which are placed at some little distance within the outer lip, but not on any rib or callous fold as in "Vertigo pygmaea". The labial teeth are visible on the outside, owing to the thinness and transparency of the shell. The outer lip is rather thick and very slightly reflected, not strengthened by any rib either outside or inside. The outer edge is abruptly reflected. The inner lip is somewhat thickened in adult specimen. The umbilicus is small and narrow, but rather deep.
The width of the adult shell is 0.9-1.1 mm, the height is 1.6-2.15 mm.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="19391758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391758" title="Miss Turismo Dominicana 2008">
Miss Turismo Dominicana 2008

The Miss Turismo Dominicana 2008 pageant was held on August 12, 2008. This year only 19* candidates were competing for the national crown. The chosen winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss Tourism World 2008. The Miss TQI República Dominicana will represent the country in Miss Tourism Queen International 2009. The Miss República Dominicana Turismo Latina will represent the country in Miss Turismo Latina International. The runner ups and the top 10 will enter other international pageants.

</doc>
<doc id="19391773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391773" title="Martin Nicholas Lohmuller">
Martin Nicholas Lohmuller

Martin Nicholas Lohmuller, DD, JCD (born August 21, 1919) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as an auxiliary bishop of Philadelphia from 1970 to 1994.
Biography.
Martin Lohmuller was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Martin Nicholas and Mary Frances (née Doser) Lohmuller. He attended St. Henry School in North Philadelphia and graduated from Northeast Catholic High School in 1937, and studied at St. Charles Borromeo Seminary in Overbrook, from where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1942. Lohmuller was ordained to the priesthood on June 30, 1944, and then taught at St. James Catholic High School for Boys until 1948.
He earned a doctorate in canon law from the Catholic University of America in 1947, and taught for a year at St. James High School in Chester. He was then transferred to the Diocese of Harrisburg, where Bishop George Leech needed a canon lawyer to reorganize his tribunal. He was elected vice president of the Canon Law Society of America in October 1954. He also served as the founding pastor of Our Lady of Good Counsel Church in Marysville (1954–1964), Vicar for Religious in the Harrisburg Diocese (1958–1970), and pastor of St. Catherine Laboure Church in Harrisburg (1964–1968). He also led the effort to establish Holy Spirit Hospital in Camp Hill, which opened in 1963.
On February 12, 1970, Lohmuller was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Philadelphia and Titular Bishop of "Ramsbiria" by Pope Paul VI. He received his episcopal consecration on the following April 2 from John Cardinal Krol, with Bishops Gerald McDevitt and John Graham serving as co-consecrators. He selected as his episcopal motto: ""Love, Fidelity, Peace.""
In addition to his role as auxiliary, he was vicar general of the Archdiocese, and pastor of both Old St. Mary's Parish and Holy Trinity Parish from 1976-1989.
After reaching the mandatory retirement age of 75, Lohmuller resigned as Auxiliary Bishop of Philadelphia on October 11, 1994. He has, however, retained his titular see. He is currently living at St. Cyril of Jerusalem Parish in Jamison.

</doc>
<doc id="19391776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391776" title="Vertigo antivertigo">
Vertigo antivertigo

Vertigo antivertigo is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:
Shell description.
The shell is rimate, oval, ventricose, nearly smooth, glossy, amber-brown or nearly chestnut, slightly transparent, outlines very convex. Whorls are rather convex, the last somewhat compressed below, with an impression over the lower palatal fold, a moderately developed, opaque crest behind the peristome; and a very deep impression between the crest and the point of the outer lip.
Aperture having 6 principal and usually several smaller teeth: parietal lamella rather long; angular and infraparietal short and smaller. Columellar 
lamella large, ascending inwardly. Upper and lower palatal folds strong, the lower longer. Basal fold stout, in a subcolumellar position. Usually there are small suprapalatal and infrapalatal denticles. Peristome is thin, a little expanded, the outer margin biarcuate, with a median entering angle. Palatal callus is well developed.
The width of the adult shell varies from 1.2 to 1.4 mm, the height from 1.95-2.25 mm.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from reference.

</doc>
<doc id="19391789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391789" title="Pinakes">
Pinakes

The Pinakes (Ancient Greek: "tables", plural of ) was a bibliographic work composed by Callimachus (310/305–240 BC) that is popularly considered to be the first library catalog; its contents were based upon the holdings of the Library of Alexandria during Callimachus' tenure there during the third century BCE.
History.
The Library of Alexandria had been founded by Ptolemy I Soter about 306 BCE. The first recorded librarian was Zenodotus of Ephesus. During Zenodotus' tenure, Callimachus, who was never the head librarian, compiled the "Pinakes", thus becoming the first bibliographer and the scholar who organized the library by authors and subjects about 245 BCE.
Apollonius of Rhodes was the successor to Zenodotus. Eratosthenes of Cyrene succeeded Apollonius in 235 BCE and compiled his "tetagmenos epi teis megaleis bibliothekeis", the "scheme of the great bookshelves." In 195 BCE Aristophanes of Byzantium was the librarian and updated the "Pinakes", although it is also possible that his work was not a supplement of Callimachus' "Pinakes" themselves, but an independent polemic against, or commentary upon, their contents.
Description.
The library collection at the Library of Alexandria contained nearly 500,000 rolls, which were grouped together by subject matter and stored in bins. Each bin carried a label with painted tablets hung above the stored papyri. "Pinakes" was named after these tablets and are a set of books or rolls of index lists. The bins gave bibliographical information for every roll. A typical entry started with a title. It also provided the author's name, birthplace, his father's name, any teachers he trained under, and his educational background. It contained a brief biography of the author and a list of the author's publications. The entry had the first line of the work, a summary of its contents, the name of the author, and information about the origin of the roll.
Callimachus' system divided works into six genres and five sections of prose. These were rhetoric, law, epic, tragedy, comedy, lyric poetry, history, medicine, mathematics, natural science and miscellanies. Each category was alphabetized by author.
Callimachus composed two other works that were referred as "pinakes" and were probably somewhat similar in format to the "Pinakes" (of which they "may or may not be subsections"), but were concerned with individual topics. These are listed by the "Suda" as: "A Chronological Pinax and Description of Didaskaloi from the Beginning" and "Pinax of the Vocabulary and Treatises of Democritus".
Later bibliographic "pinakes".
The term "pinax" was used for bibliographic catalogs beyond Callimachus. For example, Ptolemy-el-Garib's catalog of Aristotle's writings comes to us with the title "Pinax (catalog) of Aristotle's writings".
Legacy.
The "Pinakes" proved indispensable to librarians for centuries. They became a model to use all over the Mediterranean. Their later influence can be traced to medieval times, even to the Arabic counterpart of the tenth century: Ibn al-Nadim's "Al-Fihrist" ("Index"). Variations on this system were used in libraries until the late 1800s when Melvil Dewey developed the Dewey Decimal Classification in 1876, which is still in use today.

</doc>
<doc id="19391791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391791" title="Korean Airlift">
Korean Airlift

Korean Airlift was a military operations of the Korean War by the USAF and other airforces participating in the United Nations mission during the Korean War.
Began in 1950 under the command of Major General William H. Tunner, it provided air-support to the air war in Korea.
The Airlift provide such things like:

</doc>
<doc id="19391794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391794" title="Beeby (surname)">
Beeby (surname)

Beeby is an English surname. Notable people with this surname include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19391798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391798" title="Juan Carlos La Rosa">
Juan Carlos La Rosa

Juan Carlos La Rosa (born 12 March 1980) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a midfielder. He currently plays for Universitario de Deportes in the Torneo Descentralizado.
Career.
He won the Copa Sudamericana with Cienciano and also the Recopa Sudamericana in 2003 and 2004 respectively.
La Rosa made 13 appearances for the Peru national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19391805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391805" title="Polytechnic University of the Philippines">
Polytechnic University of the Philippines

The Polytechnic University of the Philippines (PUP) is a coeducational, research state university located in Manila, Philippines. It was founded on October 19, 1904, as the Manila Business School, then the city's business school. The university operates on three campuses located throughout Manila. PUP is the largest university in the Philippines by enrollment with more than 60,000 students. PUP's mission is to be an avenue for the development of the citizenry and for the enhancement of nation building through meaningful growth and transformation. PUP also puts an emphasis on the alleviation of the plight of the poor. In accordance with its mission, PUP is also notable for charging the lowest tuition among all universities in the Philippines at 12 pesos (US$0.29) per academic unit, a rate that has unchanged since 1979.
PUP awards bachelors, masters, and doctoral degrees, and is broadly organized into 15 colleges and institutes spread across twenty-one campuses located throughout the Philippines. All campuses are accredited as a single institution by the Commission on Higher Education. Some of the degrees have been recognized as Centers of Development. 
PUP's athletic team competes in the National Capital Region Conference of the State Colleges and Universities Athletic Association (SCUAA) and are collectively known as the Mighty Maroons. They are also members of the National Athletic Association of Schools, Colleges and Universities (NAASCU). Along with multiple athletic clubs and recreational facilities, PUP is also home to over 100 registered student organizations across all of its campuses, reflecting the diversity of the student body.
History.
The institution started as the Manila Business School (MBS), founded on October 19, 1904, as part of the city school system of Manila under the superintendence of C.A. O’Reilley. The school was established to meet the demands of needed businessmen and businesswomen for government service and private employment. It was renamed as Philippine School of Commerce (PSC) on 1908 and became a National school. In 1911, the school was again placed under the administration of the city school system but still kept its status as a National school.
In 1933, PSC merged with the Philippine Normal School (PNS) and the Philippine School of Arts and Trades. The resulting merger placed PSC under the administration of PNS and PSC students who completed their courses were considered graduates of the PNS. President Manuel L. Quezon promised a new building for the school through his graduation address in 1940. This was supported by Congressman Manuel A. Alazarte and PSC's Department Head Luis F. Reyes, who formulated a bill to this effect and present it to the Congress in 1942. Unfortunately, the plan was not carried out because of the Pacific War. 
In 1946, efforts for the school's re-establishment and rehabilitation was intensified. The Bureau of Public Works released more than ₱8,000 for the repairs and maintenance of public buildings of which the school is a beneficiary. The ruins of PNS's Normal Hall was reconstructed and the college resumed its operations. Afterwards, the Normal Hall was converted as a dormitory, forcing PSC to continue its operations on its former campus before the merge with PNS and PSAT. However, its campus size is inadequate to serve its ever-growing student population and therefore the school authorities sought to acquire a bigger lot to establish a new campus. A new campus lot was acquired and PSC moved to its new campus on July 1947 which is located at S. H. Loyola Street in Sampaloc, Manila. It continued its operations there until 1971.
PSC became the Philippine College of Commerce (PCC) on 1952 by virtue of Republic Act 778, which broadened the school's course offerings. Reyes continued to served the school, becoming its first president. Expansion and establishment of satellite campuses throughout the country started on the late 1960s. It was also at this time that the school acquired a large lot located at Santa Mesa, Manila. PSC moved there and it became the school's flagship campus.
PCC became a chartered state university which was accordingly renamed as the Polytechnic University of the Philippines (PUP), through Presidential Decree (PD) 1341 in 1978 with Mateo serving as the first president of the university. Mateo was succeeded by Dr. Nemesio E. Prudente who was known for his educational reforms and his contribution to the university. A plaza was erected in the center of the campus in honor of Prudente and his achievements.
On 2004, PUP celebrated its centennial anniversary. To highlight the signing of the Declaration of Peace to be put before the United Nations, PUP held the record for the world's largest human rainbow consisting of 30,365 students, faculty, staff and alumni.
Dante G. Guevarra assumed presidency on 2005, and his administration faced numerous issues including allegations of graft and corruption, the assassination of the then-Vice President for Administration Augustus Cezar, and robust university academic and infrastructure development. Because of the issues tied to Guevarra and his administration, he failed to obtain an outstanding rating as the president of the university and therefore his term was not renewed. Students also expressed outrage and dissatisfaction against Guevarra's administration.
Guevarra was replaced by Edicio G. dela Torre, followed by Estelita Wi-Dela Rosa, both of whom became the Officers-in-Charge of PUP for a while as the Board of Regents searched for a new university president, although this move did not fare well among the faculty and students and several protests occurred. Emanuel de Guzman was appointed as the new president of the university on March 2012.
On 2014, PUP participated in a successful attempt to set a world record for most organ donation pledges, a project spearheaded by the Department of Health. It broke the record for most organ donation pledges in one hour. 3,548 people signed up in the span of 30 minutes, beating India's 2,755 pledged organ donors.
Campuses and locations.
The flagship campus of PUP is located at Santa Mesa, Manila. PUP is a multi-campus university in which each campus in Manila is academically focused on certain aspects. The Mabini Campus is the main campus which in which most of the colleges resides and holds all the offices of the administration. Nearby the Mabini Campus, two sub-branch campuses was established as an extension of the Mabini Campus in order to accommodate its ever-growing student population: the National Development Corporation Compound (NDCC) Campus and the M. H. Del Pilar Campus. Of the two extension campuses, NDC Campus is the nearer to the Mabini Campus. The three campuses are considered as a single institution.
The Mabini Campus is the flagship campus of the university located at the banks of Pasig River. It holds the administration and executive offices. Most of the colleges of PUP resides in this campus. A ferry station located inside the Mabini Campus.
Mabini Campus is named in honor of Apolinario Mabini, a Filipino revolutionary during the Spanish colonial times. A house where the Mabini lived can be found inside the campus and next to it is a museum dedicated to him. The "Mabini Circle", a roundabout inside the campus is now the location of a towering obelisk dedicated to the history and people of PUP, with a bust of Apolinario Mabini located at its foot.
NDC Campus is where the College of Architecture and Fine Arts, College of Communication, College of Engineering, and the Institute of Technology resides. The area in which the campus lies was formerly where the National Development Corporation once stood. Further away from the Mabini Campus is the M. H. Del Pilar Campus, where the graduate school and the College of Tourism, Hospitality, and Transportation Management resides.
Among the legal issues of PUP's campus is the purchase of two GSIS condotel-hostel buildings on NDC Campus in 2007, dubbed by the Commission on Audit as "waste of government funds" because the buildings are in dilapidated condition and costs 575.7 million. Only two floors of one of the buildings is currently in use up until today and its rehabilitation cost already amounted to P101.3 million. The overall cost for the buildings was pegged at P677.1 million and may balloon higher as rehabilitation continues.
Organization and administration.
PUP's Board of Regents is the governing body of the university. Members of the board include University President, the Chairperson of the Commission on Higher Education, and the Chairpersons of the Committees of Higher Education of the Senate and the House of Representatives. The Board of Regents appoints and elects the president of the university, who is considered the chief executive officer of the institution. The Chairperson of the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) serves as the Chief Chairperson while the president of the university serves as the Co-Chairperson. The Chairpersons of the Committees of Higher Education of the Senate and the House of Representatives functions as committee chairpersons.
Academics, ranking and research.
The university is composed of 15 colleges. It has largest student body in the Philippines with a population of 61,253 students. Aside from its degree-granting units, PUP also has a distance education unit, a graduate school, and a laboratory high school. 58 programs of PUP are in the list of accreditation by the Accrediting Agency of Chartered Colleges and Universities in the Philippines (AACCUP) (4 Level III accredited programs, 15 qualified for Level III accreditation with 9 programs undergoing assessment, 14 Level II accredited programs, 11 Level I accredited programs, and 5 programs in the list as candidate for accreditation). 
In 2009, PUP was ranked fifteenth by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) and the Professional Regulation Commission (PRC), placing in as one of the top 20 higher learning institutions in the Philippines. The Webometrics Ranking of World Universities, which rank universities according to web presence, visibility, and access placed the university at 10,610 (worldwide) and 48 (national), respectively. According to the QS Asian University Rankings, PUP ranked at 401 out of 424 Asian institutions.
PUP currently admits all students, including internationals, on a need-blind basis. Admission in PUP mainly requires passing the PUPCET, the university's entrance test. Other criteria for admission are: a general weighted average in high school which is 82% and above, and the enrollee's good moral character. A graduate of PUP Laboratory High School is exempted to take the entrance test, unless they opt to take it for scholarship purposes. Also exempted from taking the test are entrance scholars (e.g. valedictorian, salutatorian, journalist, athlete, etc.). Of an estimated 50,000 annual entrance test examinees, only 8,000 will be accepted due to the university's limited budget. In 2014, the national government subsidy amounts to ₱16,000.00 per student.
PUP charges the lowest tuition fees for undergraduates among all the universities in the Philippines at ₱12.00 ($0.29) per academic unit which it has been charging this rate since 1979. Tuition fees for the Institute of Technology, Graduate School, and the Open University are higher.
PUP's academic programs operate on a semester calendar beginning in late June and ending in late March. Graduating students with a final grade of 1.19-1.00 are awarded degrees "summa cum laude", students graduating with a final grade of 1.44-1.20 are awarded "magna cum laude", and the students graduating with a grade of 1.75-1.45 are awarded "cum laude".
PUP employs a total of 2,190 faculty members, with 1,483 serving as full-time and part-time with a few of the full-time faculty holding administrative positions. There are 707 casual and regular administrative employees serving the university.
Colleges.
The College of Accountancy and Finance (CAF) started in 1960 as a bachelor program in Commerce with major in Accounting.
The College of Architecture and Fine Arts (CAFA) started as a course in Architecture in 1987. 
In 2012, the College of Arts and Letters (CAL) was formed when College of Arts and College of Languages and Linguistics was merged in 2012. The Filipino program is recognized as a Center of Development by Commission on Higher Education. 
The College of Business Administration (CBA) roots from the entrepreneurship courses offered in 1904. 
The College of Communication (COC), which started as a Bachelor of Arts program in Mass communication in 1974, was established in 2001 when the Department of Mass Communications was separated from the College of Languages and Mass Communications. The Journalism program is recognized as Centers of Development by Commission on Higher Education. 
The College of Computer and Information Sciences (CCIS), started in 1969 as an Electronic Data Process course offered by the College of Accountancy. Its Information Technology program is recognized as a Center for Development by the Commission on Higher Education (from 2000 up to 2006) and as a Virtual Center for Technology Innovation in Information Technology by the Department of Science and Technology. It is affiliated with Cisco since 2012.
The College of Education (COED), the normal school of the university, is the oldest college of PUP and was the predecessor of all the university's degree-granting units. Formerly the College of Office Administration and Business Teacher Education, CoEd began with the offering of business education courses in 1904 which later became BBTE. It was awarded by the Business Writers Association of the Philippines the title of "Business College of the Year” in 1955. The Bachelor in Business Teacher Education and Doctor in Educational Management programs are recognized as a Center of Development in Teacher Education. 
The College of Engineering (CE) is the engineering school of the university. It was established on 1986 when the former Institute of Technology was renamed as the College of Engineering and Architecture (CEA). The architecture department would secede and became the College of Architecture and Fine Arts in 2001. All of its Bachelor of Science programs are accredited to Level III status by AACCUP. 
The College of Human Kinectics (CHK) began as the College of Physical Education and Sports in 1978. It was established to improve the culture of sports and athleticism in the university.
The College of Law (CL) is the law school of the university. It was formed in 2001 when the proposal to elevate the status of the Law department to a college was approved. The college was ranked 17th in the Commission on Higher Education's Top Law Schools in 2009.
In 2012, the College of Political Science and Public Administration (CPSPA) was formed when College of Economics, Finance, and Politics was abolished. 
The College of Science (CS) was formed when College of Arts and Sciences was abolished in 1969. The College of Nutrition and Food Science was merged with CS in 2012. It specializes in pure and applied sciences. 
In 2012, the College of Social Sciences and Development (CSSD) was formed when College of Cooperatives and Social Development and the departments of Economics, History, Psychology, and Sociology were merged. Short specialized courses and certificate programs are offered by the college. It also conducts in-house studies and provides research and information services to various clients especially the cooperative sector.
The College of Tourism, Hospitality, and Transportation Management (CTHTM) was established in 2001 when the Hospitality Management (former Hotel and Restaurant Management) program and Tourism program were separated from College of Hotel and Restaurant Management and Food Technology and College of Business. 
The Institute of Technology (ITECH) is the technical school of the university. Formerly the College of Technology, it focuses on the integration of technology and skills development to its students.
Research.
The Office of the Vice President for Research, Planning, Extension, and Development (OVPRPED) is the official research and planning agency of the university. It oversees the implementation of the research thrusts as defined by the Commission on Higher Education. It is composed of two offices and six research and development centers that caters the needs for the production of information to contribute to the development of science and technology, as well as on health, humanities and economics. It also supervises the Research and Extension Management Department, the primary department responsible for the research undertakings of the university. The department is a member of the De La Salle University–Commission on Higher Education Zonal Research Center. 
PUP is the host of the International Research Conference in Higher Education (IRCHE) (2013).
Student life.
The university's Central Student Council is the official governing student body and acts as the regulatory body for all student campus organizations. It approves the registration and oversees implementation of university-wide activities, such as annual freshmen welcoming. These include religious and cultural groups, academic and athletic clubs and groups. Numerous fraternities and sororities have established chapters inside the university.
The university is also notable for its performing arts. The PUPLHS Chorale, which has won several awards from different local and international choir competitions, and the PUP Coro Obcento (former Bagong Himig Serenata) are some of the chorale groups in the university. The Banda Kawayan, a bamboo orchestra group organized in 1973, is an internationally recognized music group which received several accolades and was notable for its promotion of the country's cultural heritage. Aside from music groups, PUP is also represented by different dance groups from its different colleges: the Power Impact Dancers, POSH and Delta Force to name a few, and the award-winning Maharlika Dance Troupe. Numerous sports group are also present in PUP.
The university's alumni association, the Federation of Alumni Associations in PUP, Inc. (FEDAAPI), oversees various activities such as class reunions, local gatherings, alumni travel, and career services. The PUP Tahanan ng Alumni Building was established through the cooperation of the university's alumni.
Athletics.
The PUP Mighty Maroons are the representative athletic teams of PUP and are members of the State Colleges and Universities Athletic Association (SCUAA) and National Athletic Association of Schools, Colleges and Universities (NAASCU) Other athletic groups also represents PUP in sever inter-collegiate athletic competitions. The university also promotes the culture of sports and athletics through its College of Human Kinetics.
Activism.
The university is well known for its student activism. Activists have played significant role throughout the university. Staged demonstrations and rallies within the campus are frequent, although only a number of people are known to participate, but the total figure swells up on the event of a larger uprising. Vandalism in the campus is also frequent, and often student activists are responsible for all these. PUP also has many student groups focused on political reform. The university also has a variety of partisan groups ranging from liberal to conservative, and several third party organizations. Given the university's proximity to the Malacañan Palace, activists often stage rallies or demonstrations at the palace grounds, especially at Mendiola Street.
Insignia and other representations.
Motto and song.
"Tanglaw ng Bayan" is the official motto of the university, translated in English as "Light of the Nation". The university song is called as ""Imno ng PUP"", which is sung in Tagalog and has been the university's song ever since Prudente restructured the university's philosophy in the 1980s. An English translation of "Imno ng PUP" was published at the university's website, although it notes that it is not to be sung.
Seal.
The university's seal is the official scheme used by the university in official documents and official publications. 
The star in the logo stands for the perfection of the human person as well as the search for truth, while the five concentric circles depict infinite wisdom. The five-pointed star and the five concentric circles stand for quintessence, meaning the highest form of quality or the most perfect example of creation. These five concentric circles are white because it symbolizes purity. The colors used in the seal represents PUP's traditional color.
University symbols.
Other symbols that represents PUP are the Pylon, the Obelisk, the Mural, and "The Transformation", which are collectively known as "University Symbols".
The Pylon is a triad pillars of marble erected at the main entrance of the Mabini Campus. It was constructed in the 1970s. The Pylon originally stood for the true, the good and the beautiful. However since 1987, it became to symbolize truth, excellence and wisdom. The Pylon may also stand for wisdom, strength and beauty.
Another symbol of PUP is the Obelisk, constructed on the site called the Mabini Circle. It was intended to be a toned-down replica of the Washington Monument. A bust of Apolinario Mabini was erected at its front. The obelisk was meant to symbolize the "strength" of the university as "an institution of higher learning". On the top of it was the university seal, which can be illuminated at night. The university seal being placed on top of the obelisk symbolizes PUP as the "Light of the Nation" – the university's official motto.
Aside from the Pylon and the Obelisk, two artworks also came to stand as representation for the university. In 1974, the "Mural" was built by national artist Eduardo Castrillo. The mural illustrates the social, economic, industrial, technological, and cultural aspect of life with which man blends himself to develop an environment necessary to the progress of the nation. The mural was placed at the main entrance of Mabini Campus. Meanwhile, "The Transformation", a masterpiece built by architect Lor Calma in 2000 depicts the "dynamic transformation" of PUP as it "embraces the power of Information and Communications Technology". "The Transformation" is displayed at the lobby of Ninoy Aquino Learning Resources Center.
Notable people.
Persons affiliated to the university, either as students, faculty members, or administrators, are known as ""PUPians"", an unofficial term coined by the PUP community. Individually, students at the university are known as ""Iskolar ng Bayan"" which translates in English as ("the") "Scholar(s) of the Nation". Throughout the university's history, faculty, alumni, and the students have played prominent roles in many different fields.
Alumni and faculty.
PUP has produced alumni distinguished in their respective fields. Among the well-known people who have attended the university are Filipino political leaders Satur Ocampo, Ted Failon, and numerous other people in the Congress. Businessman such as Ed Teovisio and Fernando Martinez also attended the university. Prominent educators who have attended the university are Galcoso Alburo, University of the East founder Francisco Dalupan, Sr., and the University of Santo Tomas Rector Magnificus Rev. Fr. Herminio Dagohoy.
Notable people who have served as faculty of the university are Jesus Is Lord Church founder, evangelist and political leader Eddie Villanueva, former Senator Blas Ople and former Supreme Court Associate Justice Dante Tiñga.
In film, entertainment, television, PUP is represented by 2006 Binibining Pilipinas-International titleholder Denille Lou Valmonte, actors Bayani Agbayani, Richard Gomez, Tado Jimenez and the comic duo brothers James Ronald and Rodfil Obeso, better known as "Moymoy Palaboy".

</doc>
<doc id="19391806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391806" title="Vertigo pusilla">
Vertigo pusilla

Vertigo pusilla is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.
"Vertigo pusilla" is the type species of the genus "Vertigo".
Shell description.
Shell subfusiform, with, somewhat of a quadrangular outline, thin and semitransparent, very glossy, horn-color, with a faint tinge of yellow, very slightly and remotely striate in the line of growth; periphery rounded, with a tendency to angularity; epidermis thin; whorls 4 ½ or 5, very convex and cylindrical, gradually increasing in size, the penultimate whorl as broad as the last, which occupies about two-fifths of the shell. Spire is shortish, but rather tapering, and blunt at the point. Suture is very deep.
Aperture is semioval, contracted or sinuous in the middle of the outer edge; teeth six or seven, viz. two on the pillar wall, two on the pillar lip (the inner one of which is always larger, and the outside one tubercular and placed in the angle where the outer lip joins), and two or three within the outer lip (the third, when it is present, placed near the pillar lip and being a mere tubercle:) outer lip rather thick and slightly reflected, strengthened by a strong rib both outside and inside, which is situate near the opening of the mouth and is yellowish-white; outer edge rather abruptly inflected; inner lip slightly thickened in full grown specimens; umbilicus small and narrow, contracted by a rather sharp and gibbous crest or ridge at the base of the shell.
Distribution.
This snail occurs in European countries and islands including:
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from reference.

</doc>
<doc id="19391808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391808" title="Serge Doubrovsky">
Serge Doubrovsky

Serge Doubrovsky (born 1928 in Paris) is a French writer and 1989 Prix Médicis winner for "Le Livre brisé". He is also a critical theorist.
Biography.
Along with publishing seven volumes of autobiography, he is known as a critical theorist. He has coined the term 'autofiction', which has now entered the French dictionary.
His cousin is Pierre Clavilier a French writer too who wrote history and biography as the famous Frida Kahlo, les ailes froissées, ed Jasmin 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19391814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391814" title="Lebed XI">
Lebed XI

__NOTOC__
Lebed XI was the designation applied to a number of reconnaissance aircraft supplied to the Imperial Russian Air Force by the Lebed factory of St Petersburg during World War I. Rather than representing any one particular type of aircraft, or even aircraft of Lebed's own design, the designation covered a variety of different German Albatros aircraft that had been brought down behind Russian lines and captured. Lebed repaired or rebuilt these machines and returned them to service on the Russian side. 
Subtypes from A1 through A8 were assigned to identify different Albatros designs supplied. As replacements for the damaged water-cooled engines used on the German aircraft were hard to come by, Lebed eventually fitted Salmson radial engines to some airframes.

</doc>
<doc id="19391866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391866" title="1912 World Figure Skating Championships">
1912 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion. 
The 1912 men competitions took place on 16 to 17 February 1912 in Manchester, Great Britain.
The 1912 ladies competitions took place on 27 to 28 January 1912 in Davos, Switzerland.
The 1912 pairs competition took place on 27 February 1912 also in Manchester, Great Britain. 
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19391867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391867" title="Greatest Hits (Half Japanese album)">
Greatest Hits (Half Japanese album)

Greatest Hits is the first compilation album released by the punk rock band Half Japanese, in 1995. It includes the line ups from all albums released by the band.
History.
Half Japanese's "Greatest Hits", which was the band's first compilation album, was released on March 13, 1995, after more than twenty years of activity as a band. By the time it came out, the band had gained an international fan base and it had already released thirteen studio albums; since the release of the compilation, there have been three more. Half Japanese later released two more compilation albums.
Music.
"Greatest Hits" is two discs and has at least one song from each album: from "1/2 Gentlemen/Not Beasts", with the band's original set, to "Boo! Live in Europe 1992". The album features notable guests such as John Zorn and Eugene Chadbourne. 
There are strong differences in the styles as well as the sound fidelity between the songs. It is possible to find noise and electronic tracks, such as the ones from "1/2 Gentlemen/Not Beasts"; punk rock songs, like those from "Charmed Life"; experimental songs, such as those from "The Band That Would Be King" as well as more straightforward rock from other releases. 
Critical reception.
Ned Raggett from Allmusic gave the album 4.5 stars of 5 calling it the best way to start with Half Japanese given the scattered discography of the band. He praised the songs "King Kong", "Amazing Clock" and "Identical Twins" as well as "How to Play Guitar", which, according to him, makes for a great final touch.
The album was included in "Blender"'s top 100 indie rock albums, where it was called "undeniably difficult and triumphantly messy".
Personnel.
The people involved in the album are from the band's different line ups:

</doc>
<doc id="19391878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391878" title="1892–93 FA Cup">
1892–93 FA Cup

The FA Cup 1892–93 was the 22nd staging of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Wolverhampton Wanderers won the competition, beating Everton 1–0 in the final at Fallowfield Stadium for the only time (moved from Kennington Oval), with Wembley Stadium still 30 years away from being built. Wolves continued the recent Midlands dominance of the FA Cup, after the success of West Brom, Aston Villa and Nottingham Forest the previous season.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Results.
Final.
The Final was played on 25 March 1893 at Fallowfield Stadium. The final was contested by Wolverhampton Wanderers and Everton. Wolves won 1-0, with a single goal from Harry Allen.

</doc>
<doc id="19391883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391883" title="Abdylaqim Ademi">
Abdylaqim Ademi

Abdylaqim Ademi (Macedonian: "Абдилаќим Адеми") is an ethnic Albanian politician in Macedonia and the current Deputy Prime Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="19391906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391906" title="Cochlicopa lubrica">
Cochlicopa lubrica

Cochlicopa lubrica is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlicopidae.
This species can be hard to differentiate from the similar species "Cochlicopa lubricella".
Taxonomy.
"Cochlicopa repentina" Hudec, 1960 has been evaluated as a form of "Cochlicopa lubrica" in 1994.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="19391907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391907" title="Dikgang Mabalane">
Dikgang Mabalane

Dikgang Mabalane (born 28 December 1979 in Soweto, Gauteng) is a South African football (soccer) right-winger who currently plays for Moroka Swallows.
He is nicknamed "Terminator" in South Africa due to his pace.

</doc>
<doc id="19391912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391912" title="Media naturalness theory">
Media naturalness theory

Media naturalness theory was developed by Ned Kock. This theory is sometimes referred to as the psychobiological model, or compensatory adaptation theory. It has been used to understand human behavior toward technology in various contexts, such as: education, knowledge transfer, communication in virtual environments, e-negotiation, business process improvement, trust and leadership in virtual teamwork, online learning, maintenance of distributed relationships, performance in experimental tasks using various media, and modular production. Media naturalness theory can be considered a Darwinian theory of behavior toward certain types of communication media. Its development is also consistent with ideas from the field of evolutionary psychology.
The theory builds on human evolution ideas and has been proposed as an alternative to media richness theory. Media naturalness theory argues that since our Stone Age hominid ancestors have communicated primarily face-to-face, evolutionary pressures have led to the development of a brain that is consequently designed for that form of communication. Other forms of communication are too recent and unlikely to have posed evolutionary pressures that could have shaped our brain in their direction. Using communication media that suppress key elements found in face-to-face communication, as many electronic communication media do, thus ends up posing cognitive obstacles to communication. This is particularly the case in the context of complex tasks (e.g., business process redesign, new product development, online learning), because such tasks seem to require more intense communication over extended periods of time than simple tasks.
Biological basis.
A simple thought experiment highlights the biological basis of media naturalness theory, and the fundamental difference between the media naturalness and media richness theories. Let us assume that the human species had evolved in an ancestral environment without light. If that were the case, modern humans would all be blind, and therefore a communication medium’s ability to convey facial expressions and body language would be irrelevant for effective communication. Conversely, a medium’s ability to convey smell might be fairly important for effective communication. This illustrates the fact that one cannot define a medium’s ability to support effective communication without taking into consideration characteristics of the communicators. Of these, biological characteristics often have an evolutionary basis.
Medium naturalness.
The naturalness of a communication medium is defined, in media naturalness theory, as the degree of similarity of the medium with the face-to-face medium. The face-to-face medium is presented as the medium enabling the highest possible level of communication naturalness, which is characterized by the following five key elements: (1) a high degree of co-location, which would allow the individuals engaged in a communication interaction to see and hear each other; (2) a high degree of synchronicity, which would allow the individuals to quickly exchange communicative stimuli; (3) the ability to convey and observe facial expressions; (4) the ability to convey and observe body language; and (5) the ability to convey and listen to speech.
Media naturalness theory predicts that any electronic communication medium allowing for the exchange of significantly less or more communicative stimuli per unit of time than the face-to-face medium will pose cognitive obstacles to communication. In other words, media naturalness theory places the face-to-face medium at the center of a one-dimensional scale of naturalness, where deviations to the left or right are associated with decreases in naturalness (see Figure 1).
Electronic media that enable the exchange of significantly more communicative stimuli per unit of time than the face-to-face medium are classified by media naturalness theory as having a lower degree of naturalness than the face-to-face medium. As such, those media are predicted to be associated with higher cognitive effort; in this case due primarily to a phenomenon known as information overload, which is characterized by individuals having more communicative stimuli to process than they are able to.
Main predictions.
Media naturalness effects on cognitive effort, communication ambiguity, and physiological arousal. Media naturalness theory’s main prediction is that, other things being equal, a decrease in the degree of naturalness of a communication medium leads to the following effects in connection with communication interactions in complex tasks: (a) an increase in cognitive effort, (b) an increase in communication ambiguity, and (c) a decrease in physiological arousal.
Naturalness of electronic communication media. Electronic communication media often suppress key face-to-face communication elements, with the goal of creating other advantages. For example, Web-based bulletin boards and discussion groups enable asynchronous (or time-disconnected) communication, but at the same time make it difficult to have the same level of feedback immediacy found in face-to-face communication. That often leads to frustration from users who expect immediate feedback on their postings.
The high importance of speech. Media naturalness theory predicts that the degree to which an electronic communication medium supports an individual’s ability to convey and listen to speech is particularly significant in determining its naturalness. The theory predicts, through its speech imperative proposition, that speech enablement influences naturalness significantly more than a medium’s degree of support for the use of facial expressions and body language.
Compensatory adaptation. According to media naturalness theory, electronic communication media users can adapt their behavior in such a way as to overcome some of the limitations of those media. That is, individuals who choose to use electronic communication media to accomplish complex collaborative tasks may compensate for the cognitive obstacles associated with the lack of naturalness of the media. One of the ways in which this can be achieved through email is by users composing messages that are redundant and particularly well organized, compared to face-to-face communication. This often contributes to improving the effectiveness of communication, sometimes even beyond that of the face-to-face medium.
Cognitive effort.
Human beings possess specialized brain circuits that are designed for the recognition of faces and the generation and recognition of facial expressions, which artificial intelligence research suggests require complex computations that are difficult to replicate even in powerful computers. The same situation is found in connection with speech generation and recognition. Generation and recognition of facial expressions, and speech generation and recognition, are performed effortlessly by humans.
Cognitive effort is defined in media naturalness theory as the amount of mental activity, or, from a biological perspective, the amount of brain activity involved in a communication interaction. It can be assessed directly, with the use of techniques such as magnetic resonance imaging. Cognitive effort can also be assessed indirectly, based on perceptions of levels of difficulty associated with communicative tasks, as well as through indirect measures such as that of fluency. Fluency is defined as the amount of time taken to convey a certain number of words through different communication media, which is assumed to correlate (and serve as a surrogate measure of) the amount of time taken to convey a certain number of ideas through different media. According to media naturalness theory, a decrease in the degree of naturalness of a communication medium leads to an increase in the amount of cognitive effort required to use the medium for communication.
Communication ambiguity.
Individuals brought up in different cultural environments usually possess different information processing schemas that they have learned over their lifetimes. Different schemas make individuals interpret information in different ways, particularly when information is expected but not actually provided.
While different individuals are likely to look for the same types of communicative stimuli, their interpretation of the message being communicated in the absence of those stimuli will be largely based on their learned schemas, which are likely to differ from those held by other individuals (no two individuals, not even identical twins raised together, go through exactly the same experiences during their lives). According to media naturalness theory, a decrease in medium naturalness, caused by the selective suppression of media naturalness elements in a communication medium, leads to an increase in the probability of misinterpretations of communicative cues, and thus an increase in communication ambiguity.
Physiological arousal.
To say that our genes influence the formation of a phenotypic trait (i.e., a biological trait that defines a morphological, behavioral, physiological, etc. characteristic) does not mean the same as saying that the trait in question is innate. Very few phenotypic traits are innate (e.g., blood type); the vast majority, including most of those in connection with our biological communication apparatus, need interaction with the environment to be fully and properly developed.
While there is substantial evidence suggesting that our biological communication apparatus is designed for face-to-face communication, there is also ample evidence that such an apparatus (including the neural functional language system) cannot be fully developed without a significant amount of practice. Thus, according to media naturalness theory, evolution must have shaped brain mechanisms to compel human beings to practice the use of their biological communication apparatus; mechanisms that are similar to those compelling animals to practice those skills that play a key role in connection with survival and mating. Among these mechanisms, one of the most important is that of physiological arousal, which is often associated with excitement and pleasure. Engaging in communication interactions, particularly in face-to-face situations, triggers physiological arousal in human beings. Suppression of media naturalness elements makes communication interactions duller than if those elements were present.
Speech importance.
Complex speech was enabled by the evolution of a larynx located relatively low in the neck, which considerably increased the variety of sounds that our species could generate; this is actually one of the most important landmarks in the evolution of the human species. However, that adaptive design also significantly increased our ancestors’ chances of choking on ingested food and liquids, and suffering from aerodigestive tract diseases such as gastroesophageal reflux. This leads to an interesting conclusion, which is that complex speech must have been particularly important for effective communication in our evolutionary past, otherwise the related evolutionary costs would prevent it from evolving through natural selection. This argument is similar to that made by Amotz Zahavi in connection with evolutionary handicaps. If a trait evolves to improve the effectiveness in connection with a task, in spite of imposing a survival handicap, then the trait should be a particularly strong determinant of the performance in the task to offset the survival cost it imposes.
Media naturalness theory builds on this evolutionary handicap conclusion to predict that the degree to which an electronic communication medium supports an individual’s ability to convey and listen to speech is particularly significant in defining its naturalness. Media naturalness theory predicts, through its speech imperative proposition, that speech enablement influences naturalness significantly more than a medium’s degree of support for the use of facial expressions and body language. This prediction is consistent with past research showing that removing speech from an electronic communication medium significantly increases the perceived mental effort associated with using the medium to perform knowledge-intensive tasks. According to this prediction, a medium such as audio conferencing is relatively close to the face-to-face medium in terms of naturalness (see Figure 2).
Compensatory adaptation.
Increases in cognitive effort and communication ambiguity are usually accompanied by an interesting behavioral phenomenon, called compensatory adaptation. The phenomenon is characterized by voluntary and involuntary attempts by the individuals involved in a communicative act to compensate for the obstacles posed by an unnatural communication medium. One of the key indications of compensatory adaptation is a decrease in communication fluency, which can be measured through the number of words conveyed per minute through a communication medium. That is, communication fluency is believed to go down as a result of individuals making an effort to adapt their behavior in a compensatory way.
For example, an empirical study suggests that when individuals used instant messaging and face-to-face media to perform complex and knowledge-intensive tasks, the use of the electronic (i.e., instant messaging) medium caused several effects. Those effects were consistent with media naturalness theory, and the compensatory adaptation notion. Among those effects, the electronic medium increased perceived cognitive effort by approximately 40% and perceived communication ambiguity by approximately 80% – as predicted by media naturalness theory. The electronic medium also reduced actual fluency by approximately 80%, and the quality of the task outcomes was not affected, suggesting compensatory adaptation.

</doc>
<doc id="19391913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391913" title="Rahim Gaziyev">
Rahim Gaziyev

Rahim Hasan oglu Gaziyev (; born 1943, Shaki) was Azerbaijani Defense Minister in 1992–1993, in the turmoil of the Nagorno-Karabakh War, and later a political prisoner.
Prior to the war.
Gaziyev graduated from the Azerbaijan Architecture and Construction University and has a Candidate of Sciences degree in Physics and Mathematics. From 1968 to 1990, he worked as an associate professor of mathematics at the same institution. In 1988, he became one of the founders and first fifteen members of the sovereigntist Popular Front of Azerbaijan. He was known for his radical nationalist viewpoints and vehement support of Abulfaz Elchibey. Gaziyev was arrested in the summer of 1990 as an organiser of the anti-Soviet riots leading to the Black January massacre, and was incarcerated in the Lefortovo prison in Moscow. He was freed upon being elected to the Supreme Soviet of Azerbaijan later that summer, although his criminal case was never closed. With the escalation of the Armenian-Azerbaijani military conflict in Nagorno-Karabakh and Shusha becoming one of the few remaining Azerbaijani strongholds in the region, Gaziyev took command of the city's defence in January 1992.
Office.
After the resignation of President Ayaz Mutallibov on 6 March 1992, no official body regulated Gaziyev's actions, which provoked him to break ceasefire on a number of occasions including artillery bombardment of Nagorno-Karabakh's capital city Stepanakert. On 17 March 1992, Acting President of Azerbaijan Yagub Mammadov appointed Gaziyev (who had no professional military training) Defence Minister. Two months later, with various political groups chaotically struggling for power, both Shusha and Lachin (city in Azerbaijan-proper linking Nagorno-Karabakh to Armenia) lacked any serious or unified defence and quickly fell to the Armenians. In response, Gaziyev ordered troops to move to the north of the province. Mardakert was taken back in June 1992 and by August, Azerbaijani troops were already at Vank, 12 kilometres north of the province capital Stepanakert. Contrary to his radical anti-Russian sentiment in the late 1980s, Gaziyev was now convinced in the necessity of partnership with Russia. In November, the Azerbaijanis were dislodged from most of Mardakert. After Armenians started advancing into Kalbajar, the Popular Front which had been in power since June 1992 issued a statement in which it blamed Rahim Gaziyev and Elchibey's official representative in Nagorno-Karabakh Surat Huseynov for treason and intentional surrender of Shusha in an attempt to restore Mutallibov as President and indulge Russia's geopolitical interests. Gaziyev was forced to resign in February 1993.
After Heydar Aliyev came to power in June 1993, Gaziyev was elected to the National Assembly and was offered the position of Vice Premier for Defence Industry. However knowing that Azerbaijan at the time did not produce any defence materials which made the office of no significance (the industry was only established in 2005; see: Azerbaijan Defense Industry), infuriated Gaziyev verbally attacked Aliyev during a parliament session calling him a liar. In an early 1996 interview, Gaziyev claimed having had a mutual agreement with Aliyev by which Gaziyev was to be appointed Deputy Prime Minister of Azerbaijan upon Aliyev's rise to power but was wronged for the sake of the latter's regionalist policies favouring natives of Nakhchivan.
Conviction and later pardon.
Now confronting Aliyev's powerful figure Gaziyev was officially convicted of treason in surrendering Shusha to Armenians. He was detained in jail in August 1993 and was to be tried in court in November but managed to escape to Moscow, followed by Surat Huseynov. There he declared his full support of ex-President Ayaz Mutallibov who had been living in exile in Russia since summer of 1992 and ironically whom Gaziyev helped to have removed from power just two years earlier. On 16 April 1996 Prosecutor General's Office of Russia decided that Gaziyev (already sentenced to death "in absentia" in his home country) be deported to Baku where his sentence was replaced by life imprisonment in 1998.
At the insistence of PACE, Rahim Gaziyev was pardoned and released in March 2005. After his release, Gaziyev published several articles in an attempt to rehabilitate himself in the public eye but was taken no interest in.

</doc>
<doc id="19391923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391923" title="Guan Zhen">
Guan Zhen

Guan Zhen (; born February 6, 1985 in Tianjin) is a Chinese international footballer who currently plays for Jiangsu Sainty as a goalkeeper in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Shandong Luneng.
Guan would make his senior club debut on March 16, 2003 for Shandong Luneng in a league game vs Yunnan Hongta. His appearance was to make him the youngest goalkeeper to ever appear in the top tier in the Chinese league system, however this record was later broken by Wang Dalei. After his debut he would play understudy to Zong Lei and Deng Xiaofei for several seasons, however Shandong Luneng would bring in Li Leilei in the 2006 league season and Guan was loaned out to Chengdu Wuniu.
Chengdu Wuniu.
Guan would join second tier club Chengdu Wuniu on loan in 2006 to gain more playing time but failed to make it as their first choice goalkeeper. He would return to Shandong Luneng where he would once more be used as a third choice goalkeeper. Unable to improve unpon his position Shandong Luneng were willing to let Guan leave at the end of the 2007 league season.
Jiangsu Sainty.
He transferred to second tier club Jiangsu Sainty at the beginning of the 2008 league season and was immediately placed as their first-choice goalkeeper within the team. He played extremely well enough to immediately help the club in their push for promotion to the Chinese Super League by aiding them to win the 2008 Chinese League One title. The following season Guan's former team mate Deng Xiaofei was brought into the club and for a short period replaced Guan as the team's first choice goalkeeper, however he would eventually go on to win back his place within the team and help establish Jiangsu within the top tier.
International career.
Guan was the first choice keeper for the Chinese U-20 team before the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship that was managed by Eckhard Krautzun, however he was ruled out after suffering an injury before the tournament by his own teammate Wang Yongpo. He would go on to be promoted to the Chinese U-23 and was part of the squad that played in the Football at the 2006 Asian Games, however it was only after an impressive start to the 2009 Chinese Super League season with Jiangsu Sainty before Guan would be called up into Gao Hongbo's squad to face Kyrgyzstan in a 3–0 win on July 25, 2009 where he came on as a substitute for Zeng Cheng. His performance was good enough for him to be tried out in the 2010 East Asian Football Championship and then later included in the squad for the 2011 AFC Asian Cup.
Club statistics.
Last update: "November 5, 2013"
Honours.
Club.
Jiangsu Sainty
Country.
China PR national football team

</doc>
<doc id="19391928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391928" title="Jari Sarasvuo">
Jari Sarasvuo

Jari Sarasvuo (born "Jari Heinonen" on 12 June 1965 in Turku) is the founder, chief owner and CEO of Trainer's House, a Finnish company that arranges training and lectures particularly for marketing topics.
Sarasvuo has worked as an editor and chief editor in several magazines and also in Helsinki's Radio City. His first publicity was as a host in a talk show on the Finnish channel MTV3 in the 1990s. After leaving jobs in television, he has worked as a lecturer and as a motivational coach, also publishing six books on the same topic. One of his famous concepts is the "inner hero" ("sisäinen sankari"), and he has also coined the term "huomiotalous" ("attention economy"), describing the central role of publicity in the today's economy.
Sarasvuo studied business administration, but has not finished the degree. In his conscript duty, he was an editor of the army newspaper "Ruotuväki", and was promoted to Second Lieutenant ("vänrikki") in reserve.
Sarasvuo was the host in "Diili", a localized version of "The Apprentice". Sarasvuo has often appeared in publicity and his company hosted Bill Clinton's lecture in Tampere. Sarasvuo owns about a third of Trainer's House, and if evaluated, the stock is valued at some 34 million euros (January 2008). He has also contributed to charity in the form of providing microcredit and taking part in a project to support Bangladeshi women to become entrepreneurs.

</doc>
<doc id="19391930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391930" title="I Hate This Part">
I Hate This Part

"I Hate This Part" is a song by American girl group The Pussycat Dolls from their second album, "Doll Domination". Written by Wayne Hector, Lucas Secon, Jonas Jeberg and Cutfather it was released as the album's third single in United States, Canada, and United Kingdom and second elsewhere on October 7, 2008. The song is about someone who knows a relationship is over, and needs to end it – which is the hardest part – and the part they hate.
"I Hate This Part" has been well received by the critics praising the melodramatic sound. The song managed to reach number one in Romania and top five in Canada, Belgium and France. It peaked at number nine in Ireland, New Zealand and Switzerland, while it went top twenty in Australia, Denmark, Finland, United Kingdom and United States. The music video of the song was filmed in a desert where it shows the Dolls in various locations where they could express themselves emotionally.
The Pussycat Dolls performed the song for the first time in "Wal-Mart Soundcheck" and other various television shows as well as the Doll Domination Tour.
Music and composition.
"I Hate This Part" is an up-tempo R&B-dance ballad, written by Wayne Hector, Lucas Secon, Jonas Jeberg and Mich Hansen. Originally intended for lead singer Nicole Scherzinger's debut solo album, "Her Name Is Nicole", the song was reassigned to The Pussycat Dolls for the group's second album, "Doll Domination" when "Her Name is Nicole" was shelved. The concept of the song focuses on the conversation between two people, before the break-up of their relationship, with a recurring theme of that "difficult moment when a romance runs aground". Hector, spoke of the song's inspirations and creation during an interview with HitQuarters's Kimbel Bouwman. Hector said "I Hate This Part" is written in the key of F major with a time signature in common time and a tempo of 110 beats per minute. According to Hector, the song was written and composed within an hour. It uses a simple chord progression of D4—F(add 9)—C—B♭2. A portion of the song uses a chord progression popularized in the United States in a Folgers Coffee jingle arranged by Leslie Pearl. Jamie Gille from YahooMusic UK described Scherzinger's vocals as "breathless" and understated, while David Balls of Digital Spy focused on the high levels of emotion on her vocals. In the song, Scherzinger uses a vocal range of F3 – E5.
Critical reception.
The song generated mostly positive reviews from critics. According to "The Sun" "I Hate This Part" was recognized as "the album's best number.". Priya Elan from "The Times," said that "I Hate This Part" along with Whatcha Think About That" are the exceptions of the album which "[...] lacks any distinct personality." Nick Levine from Digital Spy said that "I Hate This Part" has a wonderful melodramatic sound. Jaime Gill from Yahoo! Music UK for the review for "Doll Domination" described the song as "breathless" and "understated" ballad. Sal Cinquemani from "Slant Magazine" told that "the song adds Danish production duo Jonas Jeberg and Cutfather to an alarmingly growing list of current hitmakers who keep recycling the same drum loops and formulas ad nauseam; the difference this time is that the songwriting is strong enough to forgive whatever similarities the song has to Kylie Minogue's 'All I See' and Jordin Sparks's 'One Step at a Time'." Fraser McAlpine gave 4 out of five stars. "It must get so tiring singing about how sexy you are all the time. [...] But it's nice to come away from a PCD moment not feeling winded by their over-strident plastic showbiz hugeness. So, a cautious 'well done' to everyone concerned."
Live performances.
The Dolls performed the song live for the first time for a "Wal-Mart Soundcheck" on the Wal-Mart website. They performed the song for the first time on television on October 15 on the Australian morning show, titled "Sunrise". They performed the song again for "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" on November 3. This performance originally did not air on television but instead appeared on the show's website as an online-exclusive, until December 19 when the performance was aired on television.
Chart performance.
"I Hate This Part" was a success in Oceania. In Australia, "I Hate This Part" debuted at number forty-five on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart, based solely on download sales, and has since peaked at number-ten. "I Hate This Part" has been certified Gold by ARIA for sales in excess of 35,000. It reached seven on the physical chart.
Two days after debuting in Australia, "I Hate This Part" debuted at number thirty-two on the New Zealand RIANZ Singles Chart, and eventually peaked at number-nine. "I Hate This Part" has been certified Gold by RIANZ for sales in excess of 7,500.
In Europe, the song charted within the top five, top ten and top twenty on most of the charts it entered. It has also peaked at number-four on "Billboard"'s European Hot 100 Singles Chart. In Romania, the single became a considerable hit, and received strong airplay. As a result, the track peaked at number-one, becoming the Pussycat Dolls' third number-one single, after "Don't Cha" and "Wait a Minute". In the United Kingdom the song entered on November 8, 2008 at number thirty-six. In December 6, 2008 it ultimately peaked at number twelve. On February 7, 2009 it fell off the top-forty after a thirteen week run that saw it bound around the chart but ultimately never peak any higher than number twelve, their first ever hit to miss the top-ten.
"I Hate This Part" rose steadily in the United States until it reached its peak of number eleven on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number ten on the "Billboard" Pop 100 following a considerable increase in airplay on 3 formats. "I Hate This Part" also spent two weeks at number one on "Billboard"'s Hot Dance Club Play, becoming the Dolls' fourth single to reach the top of the chart but the first to spend two weeks there. "I Hate This Part" is the only single in the Pussycat Dolls' history that has charted higher in the United States than the United Kingdom (albeit it was only 1 position higher). On March 11, 2010 "I Hate This Part" was certified platinum by RIAA, after a year since it was released.
In Canada, the song debuted at number ninety-three and in following weeks fell to number ninety-six and then to number one-hundred. However it later rebounded up the charts and has since reached a peak position of number five.
"I Hate This Part" debuted and peaked at number-three on the French Singles Chart, becoming the group's second consecutive top 3 hit, and their second highest peaking single to date. By doing so it has surpassed the peak position of the group's worldwide hit "Don't Cha" which reached number-six on this chart in 2005.
Music video.
In an interview for Rap-Up, Melody Thornton said that her 24th birthday will be spent shooting the video for "I Hate This Part". She also said that there might be desert-theme video. Nicole Scherzinger explained that they are going to "[...] explore all different emotional sides of this song in making this video." The video was filmed for two days and was directed by Joseph Kahn. The video like any other is mainly focused on Nicole Scherzinger . The video starts with Scherzinger playing the piano to the beat of the song, and images of a book and flowers blowing in the wind. When the first verse begins, it shows Scherzinger singing on the piano while the girls are shown on the road with a broken-down car, waiting for a car to arrive. At the beginning of the chorus, the girls start walking to the beat of music. In the next verse Scherzinger is seen singing in the desert alone, while Jessica Sutta is shown trying to wave down a passing car with her bandanna. All the girls are then shown on top of many broken-down cars during the bridge of the song. During the second chorus, the girls are seen dancing on the sand in sync. In both pre-chorus all the girls are then shown in different elements in the desert: Scherzinger in front of the broken-down car with a wolf, Sutta in a parking lot on top of an arcade machine, Ashley Roberts walking in a parking lot with a pink stuffed elephant-doll, Melody Thornton with a flower, and Kimberly Wyatt in a broken-down pick-up truck. During the climax of the scene, Scherzinger is singing during an incoming storm at night. The girls are then shown in the same scene as before while dancing in sync, but this time, it is raining. The music videos ends with an eruption of emotions from all the girls, climaxing with a clip of Roberts comforting Thornton who is in sadness. The video closes with Scherzinger still playing with the beat of the background on the piano and a butterfly on her hand, before ending with a shot of the rain-soaked girls united in an embrace. John Kordosh of Yahoo! Music negatively commented that the video "shows Nicole pretending to play the piano while the rest of the Dolls troupe looks good in situations that have nothing to do with anything." MTV Buzzworthy noted that "[Scherzinger's] post-breakup ritual is less skulking-around-the-house and more crazy, desert-style Wet t-shirt contest." Nick Levine from Digital Spy, wrote that:
" video is a less racy affair than usual, though the girls do get to flash some flesh during a dancing-in-the-rain scene at the end." In 2009, the video received a MuchMusic Video nomination for Best International Group Video, but lost to The Black Eyed Peas's music video for "Boom Boom Pow".
Track listing.
CD single
Australian EP (iTunes only)
American single (iTunes only)
UK CDr promo remixes
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Doll Domination".

</doc>
<doc id="19391931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391931" title="Cochlicopa lubricella">
Cochlicopa lubricella

Cochlicopa lubricella is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlicopidae.
This species is closely related to "Cochlicopa lubrica", but the shell is narrower in proportion.
Distribution.
Distribution of "Cochlicopa lubricella" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19391939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391939" title="Johnny Pramesa">
Johnny Pramesa

John Steven Pramesa (August 28, 1925 – September 9, 1996) was an American professional baseball player, a catcher in the Major Leagues from – for the Chicago Cubs and Cincinnati Reds. A native of Barton, Ohio, he threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Pramesa spent the full seasons of and as the Reds' second-string catcher, playing behind Homer "Dixie" Howell. In 1950, his best MLB season, Pramesa batted .307 in 74 games played and 228 at bats, with a career-high 30 runs batted in. 

</doc>
<doc id="19391940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391940" title="Salomón Libman">
Salomón Libman

Salomón Libman (born 25 February 1984) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper in the Torneo Descentralizado for CD Universidad César Vallejo and the Peru national team. Before joining Alianza Lima he played for Peruvian team Sport Boys.

</doc>
<doc id="19391941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391941" title="Almere Muziekwijk railway station">
Almere Muziekwijk railway station

Almere Muziekwijk is a railway station which lies in Almere, in the Netherlands. It is located approximately 20 km southeast of Amsterdam. It is on the Weesp–Lelystad railway. The station is on the newest polder in the Netherlands, the Flevopolder which is in the region Flevoland. The station was opened in 1987 when the line Weesp - Lelystad Centrum was built. In 1987 Almere Centrum and Almere Buiten stations also opened before the Almere Buiten - Lelystad section was completed in 1988. 
Almere has become a commuter city for Amsterdam. The first house was built in 1976 and on 7 July 2008, it was recorded that there were 184 405 citizens living in Almere. The station lies in the centre of the 'Muziekwijk' the "Music Estate".
Train services.
Almere Muziekwijk is served by the following services:

</doc>
<doc id="19391952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391952" title="Rube Manning">
Rube Manning

Walter S. "Rube" Manning (April 29, 1883 – April 23, 1930), was a Major League Baseball pitcher from 1907 to 1910.
Manning started his professional baseball career in 1906. He pitched for Williamsport of the Tri-State League for two years before being purchased by the New York Highlanders. In his first major league season, he went 13–16 with a 2.45 earned run average. Manning continued to pitch for New York through 1910. He then pitched in the minors until 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="19391956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391956" title="Cochlicopidae">
Cochlicopidae

Cochlicopidae is a taxonomic family of small, air-breathing, land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cochlicopoidea.
Anatomy.
In this family, the number of haploid chromosomes lies between 26 and 30 (according to the values in this table).
Taxonomy.
The following two subfamilies have been recognized in the taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi (2005):
Genera.
The family Cochlicopidae includes the following genera:
subfamily Cochlicopinae
subfamily Azecinae

</doc>
<doc id="19391960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19391960" title="Yasara">
Yasara

YASARA (acronym of Yet Another Scientific Artificial Reality Application) is a molecular visualisation, modelling, and dynamics program that can be used for a series of scientific applications as is expressed by the large number of scientific articles mentioning this software. The free version of YASARA (YASARA-View) is well suited for bioinformatics education. A series of freely available bioinformatics courses exist that use this software. See the CMBI education pages for a series of examples.

</doc>
<doc id="19392005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392005" title="Luluwah bint Abdulaziz Al Saud">
Luluwah bint Abdulaziz Al Saud

Luluwah bint Abdulaziz Al Saud (1928 - 17 September 2008) was a member of the House of Saud. 
Early life.
Luluwah bint Abdulaziz was born in 1928. She was a daughter of King Abdulaziz and Hassa bint Ahmad Al Sudairi. She is full sister of Sudairi brothers.
Personal life.
Luluwah bint Abdulaziz is the mother of Abdullah bin Faisal bin Turki and Abir bint Faisal bin Turki, who is the spouse of Saud bin Nayef.
Death.
Princess Luluwah died on 17 September 2008 at the age of 80. Her funeral prayers were performed by King Abdullah, her brothers and other senior Saudi royals at the Grand Mosque in Mecca on 18 September 2008. Her brother late Prince Sultan received condolences on her death at his palace in Al Khaldiah district in Jeddah on 18 and 19 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19392015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392015" title="Thomas de Strickland">
Thomas de Strickland

Thomas de Strickland (1367 – 30 July 1455) was the oldest son of Sir Walter de Strickland (d 1407), Sheriff of Westmorland, and Margaret de Lathom. He is best known for carrying the banner of St. George at the battle of Agincourt.
At war.
Biography.
On 21 July 1403 he fought on the Royalist side at the Battle of Shrewsbury for Henry IV and was awarded by the King, a sum of £38 and two horses which had belonged to the rebel Henry Percy (Hotspur). He was also rewarded for his valiant efforts by being made Keeper of Inglewood royal forest in Cumberland.
He was appointed Sheriff of Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire for 1410 and for 1414.
He was elected knight of the shire (MP) for Westmorland in 1404, 1429 and 1431.
Battle of Agincourt.
On Friday 25 October 1415 Thomas and his Men at arms, including a group of elite archers known as "the Kendal Bowmen", were part of the army of King Henry V that won a major battle at Agincourt in North West France against superior numbers. As Thomas was a Knight in training (Esq) he fought dismounted with a sword, it was a question of honour that any one who carried the banner of St. George did so without the protection of shield as they would be protected by their men at arms.
Family life.
He married Mabel De Beethom, daughter of Sir John de Bethom, in 1405 and had several children:
Thomas was finally knighted before 1418 following the Battle of Agincourt. After that time it became common practice amongst noble families to drop the French "de" from family names so Thomas de Strickland became Sir Thomas Strickland.

</doc>
<doc id="19392016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392016" title="László Cseri">
László Cseri

László Cseri (also known as "Cerva", June 6, 1912 – December 29, 1998) was a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Budapest.
In 1936 he was a member of the Hungarian team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played all three matches as forward and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="19392021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392021" title="Corpus Clock">
Corpus Clock

The Corpus Clock is a large sculptural clock at street level on the outside of the Taylor Library at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge University, in the United Kingdom, at the junction of Bene't Street and Trumpington Street, looking out over King's Parade. It was conceived and funded by John C. Taylor, an old member of the college.
It was officially unveiled to the public on 19 September 2008 by Cambridge physicist Stephen Hawking.
The clock was one of "Time"'s Best Inventions of 2008. It is also featured in the Hindi movie "Paa", the associated music video "Mudi Mudi", and shown briefly in the TV Show "Zero Hour" (episode 3)
Appearance.
The clock's face is a rippling 24-carat gold-plated stainless steel disc, about in diameter. It has no hands or numbers, but displays the time by opening individual slits in the clock face backlit with blue LEDs; these slits are arranged in three concentric rings displaying hours, minutes, and seconds. 
The dominating visual feature of the clock is a grim-looking metal sculpture of an insect similar to a grasshopper or locust. The sculpture is actually the clock's escapement (see below). Taylor calls this beast the Chronophage (literally "time eater", from the Greek χρόνος "time", and φάγω [phago "I eat"). It moves its mouth, appearing to "eat up" the seconds as they pass, and occasionally it "blinks" in seeming satisfaction. The creature's constant motion produces an eerie grinding sound that suits its task. The hour is tolled by the sound of a chain clanking into a small wooden coffin hidden in the back of the clock.
The Chronophage is affectionately known by students variously as "Rosalind", a name coined by the college's Prælector, or "Hopsy".
Below the clock is an inscription from the Vulgate 1 John 2:17: "mundus transit et concupiscentia eius" ("the world passeth away, and the lust thereof").
The clock is entirely accurate only once every five minutes. The rest of the time, the pendulum may seem to catch or stop, and the lights may lag or, then, race to get ahead. According to Taylor, this erratic motion reflects life's "irregularity".
Conceived as a work of public art, the Chronophage reminds viewers in a dramatic way of the inevitable passing of time. Taylor deliberately designed it to be "terrifying": "Basically I view time as not on your side. He'll eat up every minute of your life, and as soon as one has gone he's salivating for the next." Others have described it as "hypnotically beautiful and deeply disturbing".
Mechanics of the clock.
The Corpus Clock is a product of traditional mechanical clockmaking. It features the world's largest grasshopper escapement, a low-friction mechanism for converting pendulum motion into rotational motion while at the same time giving back to the pendulum the energy needed to maintain its swing. The grasshopper escapement was an invention of the renowned eighteenth-century clockmaker John Harrison, and Taylor intended the Corpus Clock to be a homage to Harrison's work. Since "no one knows how a grasshopper escapement works", Taylor "decided to turn the clock inside out" so that the escapement, and the escape wheel it turns, would be his clock's defining feature.
The Corpus Clock's clockwork is entirely mechanically controlled, without any computer programming, and electricity is used only to power a motor, which winds up the mechanism, and to power the blue LEDs that shine behind the slits in the clock's face. The clock has many unexpected and innovative features; for example, the pendulum briefly stops at apparently irregular intervals, and the Chronophage moves its mouth and blinks its eyes. Taylor explains it as follows:
The gold eyelids travel across the eye and disappear again in an instant; if you are not watching carefully you will not even notice... Sometimes you will even see two blinks in quick succession. The Blink is performed by a hidden spring drive, controlled in the best tradition of seventeenth century clockmakers of London. The spring is coiled up inside a housing that can be seen mounted on the large gearwheel visibly protruding from the bottom of the mechanism. As the huge pendulum below the Clock rocks the Chronophage as he steps round the great escapewheel, each backward and forward movement is used by sprag clutches to wind up the drive spring. A position step prevents the spring from being overwound yet allows the spring to be ready at an instant to drive the Blink. The mechanism is released by a countwheel with semi random spacing so the Blink takes place at any position in the to- and fro- motion of the pendulum. A further countwheel mechanism chooses a single or a double blink whilst the air damper at the top of the gear train slows the action to a realistic pace.
The Corpus Clock is expected to be able to run accurately for at least two hundred years. In practice, however, it stopped three times in the first month of its operation.
Funding and realisation.
Taylor invested five years and £1 million in the Corpus Clock project, and two hundred people, including engineers, sculptors, scientists, jewellers, and calligraphers, were involved. The clockwork incorporates six new patented inventions. The rippling gold-plated dial was made by explosive forming–using an explosive charge to press a thin sheet of stainless steel onto a mould underwater at a "secret military research institute in Holland." Stewart Huxley was the design engineer. Sculptor Matthew Sanderson modelled the Chronophage. The graticule, or measuring dish, for the Corpus Clock was designed and created by Alan Meeks of Visitech Design. It was machined in aluminium and silver before being plated with gold and rhodium.

</doc>
<doc id="19392028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392028" title="Vasalunds IF">
Vasalunds IF

Vasalunds IF is a Swedish football club based in Solna which is within the Stockholm urban area. The club is affiliated to the Stockholms Fotbollförbund.
History.
Vasalunds was formed in 1934 and is currently playing in the Swedish Third Division: Division 1 Norra. In 2002 the club merged with Essinge IK and changed its name to Vasalund/Essinge IF. The original name was restored before the 2008 season.
Attendances.
In recent seasons Vasalunds IF have had the following average attendances:

</doc>
<doc id="19392034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392034" title="Elwin Inlet">
Elwin Inlet

Elwin Inlet is a body of water in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region, in Canada. It lies on the eastern side of the mouth of Admiralty Inlet, forming a border to Sirmilik National Park. To the south lie Baillarge Bay () and the hamlet of Arctic Bay ().
The inlet and surrounds are characterized by steep cliffs of Ordovician origin. Harp seals, narwals, polar bears, ringed seals, and white whales frequent the area, and it is also notable for one of the largest Northern Fulmar colonies in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19392052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392052" title="Rick Cole">
Rick Cole

Rick Cole (born 1953) served eight and a half years as City Manager of Ventura, California from 2004-2012. On his resignation, the Ventura County Star editorialized: "The Star hopes at least one thing won't change after Mr. Cole's last day on the job: The high level of professionalism and integrity we've seen in the city under his management and leadership." The Star said Cole "led a downtown revitalization, guided Ventura through daunting budget challenges and oversaw important but unsexy work such as improving public works, water and sewer operations."
He became the Parish Administrator at the San Buenaventura Mission in 2012.
In July, 2013, L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti appointed Rick to the position of Deputy Mayor for Budget and Innovation.
Cole previously served as City Manager of the City of Azusa, Ca, which was cited by an editorial in the San Gabriel Valley Tribune as the "most improved City in the San Gabriel Valley" during his tenure. He served 12 years in elective office in his hometown of Pasadena, California, including as Deputy Mayor of Pasadena from 1990–1992 and as Mayor of Pasadena from 1992-1994. He was a co-founder of the newspaper "Pasadena Weekly".
In 2006, he was selected as one of Governing Magazine's "Public Officials of the Year" which observed, "First in Azusa, and now on a larger scale in Ventura, he has offered ample proof that good politics and good management aren’t as different as is sometimes assumed."

</doc>
<doc id="19392055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392055" title="Matrimonial law of Singapore">
Matrimonial law of Singapore

The Matrimonial Law of Singapore is governed by two acts, the Muslim Marriages act (1966) which falls under the Administration of Muslim Law Act (AMLA) whereas the other is under the Women's Charter. Muslim marriages are solemnised and administered by the Registry of Muslim Marriages (ROMM) whereas the Civil Registry (ROM) governs the Women's Charter.
Muslim marriages.
Under the law, a Muslim can marry at the age of puberty and whereupon the bride is a single unmarried woman (commonly known as a Virgin Bride or 'Anak Dara'), the wali must grant consent to the marriage. The wali in this case will be the natural father, natural blood brother (legitimate), paternal grandfather, uncle (brother of the father) and whereupon a woman is a child out of wedlock, the solemn declaration of the natural mother must be made in the name of Allah, and the like if the father is no longer known to exist, or have gone away and the next of kin is not known.
In this case, a Wali Hakim or Wali Raja is called upon and the 'Wali' or next of kin will be the Administrator of the Region, State or the like, thus the naming of Hakim (judge) or Raja (King/Sultan in the ancient days). The Kadi (Khadhi) can also cite for which whereupon the parties concerned are away by 2 marhalah (approximately 2 days by walking distance, about 90 km), the terms are being met by using Allah as the Wali Mukminin. This strict conditions must be met for the solemnisation of the Marriage called the Nikah.
If the father is still alive but unknown whereabouts in Singapore, the Registry will take out a petition notice in the local papers for him to be summoned to the Muslim Court for the Marriage to be approved. This takes within 30 days.
No wali is needed if the Bride is a Muslim Convert and is the only convert in the family.
Rules of the Nikah are the existeance of the bride, groom, 2 Male Muslim Witnesses or 4 Female Muslim Witnesses (independent of the family), The existence of the Wali, Kadi and Mahar or Mas Kawin in the region. The Dowry is not mandatory as it's a gift to the brides' family to cater for the wedding expenses.
The Mahar,(currently set at least S$200) is the equivalent of the wife's expenses to be given for the upbringing as it's part of the Taklik or terms of the agreement.Think of it as the alimony.
During the registration, the parties must be in attendance (except for the witnesses) to sign the affidavit for the application at the ROMM. The bridegroom will sign the agreement for petition and application to wed and book the solemnisation date.If the interviewing Kadi is not satisfied of the needs of Islamic Knowledge, he can require them to take additional classes prior to allowing them to marry.
Couples should be of the age of 21 but the age of 16 is allowed with consent of the parents present. Marriage of Bride under 16 require special licensing.
The couple must by then attend the Marriage Counselling Course by an approved provider. The certificate issued is only valid for 3 years.
A Decree Nisi Absolute or Divorce certificate is required for the woman if she has existing marriage and must lapse for 90 days before the wedding. If the Groom has existing living wife, the husband is required to show evidence of the financial means to support the wives, as well as obtain permission all his existing wives before a polygamous marriage is approved. A man is allowed to have a maximum of 4 living wives at any point in time.
Upon satisfying all conditions, the Muslim Marriage will take place which consists of the Khutbah or Sermon of Nikah, the Akad or Agreement of both Parties and the thanksgiving.
The Khutbah is basically the Sunnah of Muhammad stating that his sunnah is of three, of Brushing the Teeth to ensure good hygiene, to wear attar and of Nikah for he wants to see many his followers upon the day of Judgement.
During the Akad, the Kadi will ask the Bride of the consent to the marriage and ask for the signature to be on the certificate and carry on with the agreement in the presence of the witnesses. He will require the wali to ask him to marry his daughter(or ward) off on his behalf as by law, he is required to solemnise the marriage. The Kadi will do a handshake saying that "I be wed thee, Of (the groom name) to (the bride name) with the Mahr or Mas kahwin of (the amount) and in the handshake, he must say he agree to take the bride in wed with the said mahar.
After which, the groom will then say aloud the Taqlik or defaulting terms of the marriage for which it can be dissolved by the wife complaining to the Syariah court, which are of hurting her (or her properties), not giving her nafkah (means of sustainability) by him or the next of kin for 6 months (thus the amount of the Mahar) and leaving her for more than 6 months and in which the court finds true will decree that the marriage is dissolved by One Talak. The divorce will be finalised after 90 days of the talak nikah.
Civil marriages.
The two parties have to register a date either at the Registry of Marriage (ROM) or on the ROM website. The chosen date will be at least 21 days after the date of registration and within 3 months of the date of registration. A marriage licence can only be issued on proof of a number of conditions (see below) by Statutory Declaration. Both parties must appear in person at the Registrar to declare that their intended marriage adheres to the following:
a) for couples where at least one party is not a Singapore Citizen or Singapore Permanent Resident, one of the parties to the intended marriage must have been physically present in Singapore for at least 15 days preceding the date of the notice, not including the day of arrival in Singapore;
b) each of the parties is 21 years of age or above, or if not, is divorced or is a widower or widow or has had his or her previous marriage declared null and void;
c) if either party is a minor who has not been previously married, the consent of the appropriate person mentioned in the Second Schedule (click here) must have been given in writing or consent of the High Court has been given;
d) neither party is below the age of 18 years (by the date of solemnization);
e) there is no lawful impediment to the marriage; and
f) neither of the parties to the intended marriage is married under any law, religion, custom or usage to any person other than the person with whom such marriage is proposed to be contracted.
g) where one of the parties to the proposed marriage has been previously married but is divorced, the party must also state whether he/she owes any arrears in respect of any maintenance which is payable under a maintenance order.
They must then bring their approval to a Licensed Solemniser, which can be a Religious Leader (order of the church, Buddhist, Taoist, Hindu, Sikh), Judge, Justice of Peace, grassroots leaders.
Note: Malay in Singapore can declare that they are non-Muslim to marry in a civil manner. This is allowed by the oath of Religious Order.
Inter-faith marriages.
Cross marriage of a Muslim man to non-Muslim is allowed. Cross marriage of a Muslim woman to a non-Muslim man is illegal. They can marry under the Civil Marriage Law.
However, it is more common for either party to convert to Muslim. In such cases, the non-Muslim bride must go for conversion course. Rigorous interviews are made to the groom to ensure that he is fit to guide the new convert as a wife and as a fellow Muslim. Non-Muslim groom marriages are allowed only after 1 year of proper conversion courses.
There is no restriction on interfaith marriages in Singapore apart from Muslim Marriages. Certain rules may apply for Muslim and Jewish marriage.
<http://app.rom.gov.sg/reg_info/rom_other.asp>
Foreigners, permanent residents and mixed marriages.
Foreigners marrying in Singapore may require approval from Ministry of Manpower, depending on the type of visa they are on. Failure to get such an approval, when needed, may result in being deported and permanently banned from entering Singapore and be on the Fugitive List with AFIS details. For couples who are not Singapore citizens or Permanent Residents, at least one of the parties to the intended marriage must be physically present in Singapore for at least 15 days preceding the date of the notice.
Same-sex marriage.
Same-sex marriages are not allowed in Singapore and determined by the National Registration Act of which the gender the person is born. Should the sex be changed at later stages, if the new sex is different from the partner, it is allowed by petition of court for Civil Marriages.
Muslim Marriages do not allow same-sex marriages regardless of sex change done. This is waived if the person is born with both genital organs (hermaphrodite or pseudohermaphroditism) and makes a change.
Marriage among Armed Forces.
Ministry of Defence (MINDEF) rules state that any marriages within MINDEF or Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) must be approved by the personnel's Commanding Officer or G3 branch army. Personnel are encouraged to consult their Chief Clerks (Branch Administration Officer / Executive) for the latest ruling regarding this.
Marriage outside the MINDEF/SAF (to civilians) is allowed and the SAF awards benefits such as time off and gratuity payments to personnel for getting married.
The "Official Secrets Act" discourages their marriage to foreign nationals, and excludes such marriages to foreign government employees, whether employed in the civilian, diplomatic or military service.
Staffs (mostly civilians) from the Defence Science and Technology Agency and other military agencies have different sets of rules, in accordance to relevant orders and directives concerning Defence Executive Officers (DXO, formerly NUSAF - Non-Uniformed SAF). These civilian staffs are partially under "Singapore Armed Forces Act" (a civilian act since Singapore does not formally have military laws), mostly concerning secrecy & informations and professionalism & conflict of interest while excluding military discipline that are normally applied to military uniformed staffs.
DXO have more terms imposed compared to DSTA staffs.
Information regarding marriage of military and MINDEF staff is classified as restricted and is not released to the public.
Divorce.
One can obtain a divorce in Singapore's Family Court if one or both spouses is a Singapore Citizen, has lived in Singapore for at least three years, or is domiciled in Singapore. It is suggested that those hoping to divorce first seek legal advice as there are a number of regulations that must be followed. For example, you cannot apply for a divorce if you have been married less than three years unless you have the Court’s permission to do so.
To prove that the marriage has ended, the spouse seeking divorce must show the Court that one or more of the following facts is true:
Singaporeans Registering Marriage Overseas.
The law does not require Singaporean or Permanent Resident couples who married overseas to re-register (includes "converting" or "endorsing" a foreign marriage certificate) with the Singapore ROM. The marriage certificate issued by the competent authority of the foreign country may be accepted as prima facie evidence of a marriage between the parties named in the certificate.
Notes.
From Wiki and other government sources

</doc>
<doc id="19392059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392059" title="Béla Háray">
Béla Háray

Béla Háray (March 25, 1915 – March 9, 1988) is a Hungarian ice hockey and field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Budapest, Hungary.
In 1936 he was part of the Hungarian ice hockey team which was eliminated in the second round of the Olympic tournament. He played five matches and scored four goals.
At the 1936 Summer Games he was a member of the Hungarian field hockey team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played all three matches as forward and scored two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19392065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392065" title="Zhijin County">
Zhijin County

Zhijin County () is a county under the administration of Bijie City in western Guizhou province, China.
History.
It has been inhabited since Qin Dynasty, populated mainly by Gelao people. After Jin Dynasty, Yi people moved in. During the Kangxi years in Qing Dynasty, a city was founded at its place and called Pingyuan (平远), meaning "peace at the borders".In 1914, it was renamed after one of its streets called Zhijin (织金,meaning "weaving gold") by the newly formed Republic of China government.
Geography and climate.
Zhijin County is located in the southeastern part of Bijie Prefecture, roughly in the middle of Guizhou province. It is 151 km from Guiyang, 95 km from Anshun, 129 km from Bijie City. It spans 82.5 km from East to West, and 66 km from North to South. Its total area is 2868km2.
Karst topography dominates the landscape, with caves everywhere. The Zhijin Cave 22 km from the county seat is considered the most magnificent cave in China, and is a popular tourist spot.
The highest point in the county has altitude 2262 m, and the lowest 1319 m. Average temperature is 14.7 c, with annual rainfall 938.4 mm.
Economy.
The most important industry is tourism, with Zhijin Cave the number one attraction drawing tourists from all over China and the world.
Demographics.
There are 23 ethnic groups living in Zhijin, including Han Chinese, Miao, Yi, Hui and Buyei. 48.02％ of Zhijin's population are considered minorities in China.
Administration.
There are 11 towns and 21 townships in the county. Among them are:

</doc>
<doc id="19392066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392066" title="Darwin D. Martin">
Darwin D. Martin

Darwin D. Martin (1865–1935) was an early 20th Century New York State businessman best known for the house he commissioned from Frank Lloyd Wright.
Early life.
Martin was born in upstate New York in Bouckville. Martin had a difficult childhood, starting with the death of his mother when he was six. Martin's family was separated and Martin, who was the youngest of five, was forced to part ways with all his siblings except for his brother. The two Martin brothers went to New York City and Darwin obtained a job selling soap. Martin then came by himself to Buffalo to work in the Larkin Soap Company. One of the figures in the company who Martin admired was Elbert Hubbard, an executive. Martin worked ferociously, putting in 361 workdays a year. His efforts enabled the company to expand and rival Sears and Roebuck Co. He is credited with converting all the company customer records from cumbersome ledgers to efficient card catalogs, a pioneering advance in business record-keeping at the time. When Hubbard left the company, Martin filled the opening. One of his assignments was to find an architect to design a new administrative building for the expanding company. His brother, William Martin, who was living in Chicago, recommended a young architect named Frank Lloyd Wright.
Friendship with Wright.
Martin and Wright formed a lifelong friendship due to their similar outlooks on family. Although John D. Larkin, the company president, was unimpressed by Wright, Martin convinced Larkin to give Wright the job. By this time Martin had built a considerable fortune and asked Wright to design a house for him as well. This project would become the historic Darwin D. Martin House. Wright had complete freedom and an almost unlimited budget to execute it. Isabelle Reidpath Martin, Darwin's wife, was unhappy with the house due the limited light it received, as she was nearly blind. Darwin and Isabelle and their two children, however, would live there for over 20 years. During this time Martin's fortune continued to rise, while Wright, with whom he kept in constant contact, fell on troubled times. Martin began to lend Wright money, becoming the largest benefactor behind Wright's Taliesin. At one point Wright solicited Martin to become his business partner. Martin declined, having just retired from the Larkin Company. During a fallow period in Wright's career, Martin commissioned him to design a summer home, Graycliff, stressing that this house was to conform to Isabel's desires. The result was one of Wright's most important mid-career designs, taking extensive advantage of Graycliff's location on a bluff overlooking Lake Erie. The largest of the three buildings at Graycliff, the Isabelle R. Martin House, is transparent, allowing views of the lake through the house. Terraces and cantilevered balconies enhance the organic nature of the buildings.
Downfall and death.
Martin was a millionaire when the great stock market crash occurred. Overnight, he lost almost everything. When Wright's autobiography came out, Martin was so impoverished he could not afford to buy a $6.00 copy. In a letter Wright said that of the mere six copies he was receiving, Darwin Martin would receive one if no one else. The money that Martin had lent Wright, over seventy thousand dollars, was never repaid. 
After a series of strokes, Darwin Martin died in 1935 at the age of 70. He is buried in Forest Lawn Cemetery. Wright designed his only cemetery monument, the "Blue Sky Mausoleum," at Darwin Martin's request, but because of the family's declining fortunes, it was not built until 2004, when Forest Lawn administrators erected the Blue Sky monument in honor of Darwin Martin and Frank Lloyd Wright.
Some of Martin's papers survive in the collection of the Buffalo History Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19392072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392072" title="Het Vrije Volk">
Het Vrije Volk

Het Vrije Volk was a Dutch social-democratic daily newspaper. It was the successor, after World War II, of the socialist daily "Het Volk".
After World War II, it appeared legally 1 March 1945 in Eindhoven. From January 28 1946, all subdivisions of the newspaper were united and a national edition was introduced.
For a while, it was the biggest newspaper in the Netherlands and at its peak it had over 300 editors and reporters. After 1958, the number of subscribers decreased rapidly. The newspaper disappeared in 1970 as national newspaper from Amsterdam, only regional editions remained and at the end of 1971 only Rotterdam was its home base. 
The last edition entitled Het Vrije Volk appeared on March 30, 1991 and it was merged with the Rotterdams Nieuwsblad into the Rotterdams Dagblad. That newspaper was merged with the Algemeen Dagblad in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19392076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392076" title="Stay True">
Stay True

Stay True is the debut album by Deez Nuts. It was released on October 4, 2008, by Stomp Entertainment. All of the albums instruments and lead vocals were done by JJ Peters. Guest vocals performed by Jamie Hope (ex-The Red Shore), Joel Birch (The Amity Affliction), Ahren Stringer (The Amity Affliction) and Louie Knuxx.

</doc>
<doc id="19392092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392092" title="Palauan presidential election, 2008">
Palauan presidential election, 2008

The Palauan presidential election was held as part of the Palauan general elections on November 4, 2008. It was won by Johnson Toribiong. Incumbent President Tommy Remengesau was ineligible to run because he has served the maximum two terms allowed.
This was the first presidential election in Palau's history in which presidential candidates are running with declared vice-presidential candidates. In past elections the President and Vice-Presidents were elected separately, and the winners of those elections served as a "national leadership team".
Outgoing President Tommy Remengesau announced that he would run for a seat in the Senate.
Candidates.
The first round of the election was primary election held on September 23, 2008. Four candidates ran in the election, but only the top two candidates with the most votes qualified for the November 4, 2008 general election.
The original four presidential and vice-presidential candidates are as follows:
Campaigning.
All four presidential candidates and their running mates held rallies throughout Palau. Campaigning also took place in overseas Palauan communities in the mainland United States, Hawaii, Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands.
Results.
Primary.
Elias Chin and Johnson Toribiong were the top two vote-getters in the September 23 primary election. Chin and Toribiong, faced each other in the general election on November 4, 2008.
General.
The general presidential election, between Toribiong and Chin, was held on November 4, 2008. In early, preliminary results Toribiong held a 130 vote lead over Chin, with 1,629 votes to Chin's 1,499.
Toribiong and his running mate, Kerai Mariur, were declared the winner of the election on November 7, 2008, after the final vote tally showed them receiving 4,942 votes. Toribiong defeated Chin, who garnered 4,726 total votes, by just 216 votes. It was reported that Toribiong had received a concession phone call from Vice-President Chin.

</doc>
<doc id="19392094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392094" title="Li Zhuangfei">
Li Zhuangfei

Li Zhuangfei (; born 24 January 1988 in Zibo) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Xiamen Lanshi.
Li Zhuangfei began his football career playing for the various Shandong Luneng youth teams and showed great potential by being called up for the Chinese U-17 team that won the 2004 AFC U-17 Championship. Li, however, struggled to break into the Shandong senior team and was instead loaned out to the newly promoted top-tier side Xiamen Lanshi in 2006. He made his league debut for Xiamen on March 18, 2006, against Shanghai Shenhua in a 2-2 draw where he came on as a substitute for Zou Yougen. After the game Li gradually became the first-choice defensive midfielder in the team, and the club's manager Gao Hongbo hailed him as the most promising Chinese star among his age.
Wuhan Guanggu.
After his loan period with Xiamen ended Li joined top-tier side Wuhan Guanggu on a deal that brough him to Wuhan with several other Shandong Luneng players that included Ren Yongshun, Guo Mingyue and Deng Xiaofei. However, due to some bad relationship with local players, most Shandong players in the team were purged at the end of the season except Deng Xiaofei.
Jiangsu Sainty.
He transferred to second-tier club Jiangsu Sainty in the 2008 league season where he was awarded No.10 jersey and played in six games and scored one goal to help aid Jiangsu to the division title as well as promotion to the top tier. Within the top tier Li saw even less playing time and only made one appearance throughout the season as the club finished in mid-table. This saw Li decide to move to top-tier club Qingdao Jonoon half-way through the 2010 league season where he made his debut for the club in a league game on July 18, 2010, against Changsha Ginde, which ended in a 2-0 victory for Qingdao.
National team.
U-17 National Team.
Li was the captain of China U-17 National Team compete in 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship.
Honours.
Club.
Jiangsu Sainty
International.
China U-17

</doc>
<doc id="19392133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392133" title="Gyula Kormos">
Gyula Kormos

Gyula Kormos (also known as "Konorót", December 27, 1911 – October 18, 1980) was a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Budapest.
In 1936 he was a member of the Hungarian team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played two matches as halfback.

</doc>
<doc id="19392134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392134" title="Matt Campagna">
Matt Campagna

Matt Campagna (born May 25, 1980) is a director, writer, editor and new media producer from Toronto, Canada. He is known for his film Six Reasons Why as well as his work on web series "BSGcast", Your Geek News, The Naked Wine Show and "WHIRtv".
Background.
Born and raised in Mississauga, Campagna attended Ryerson's Radio and Television Arts program for 4 years, majoring in Digital Film and Interactive Television. Before pursuing film and new media, he worked at Toronto radio and television stations CKFM-FM and Toronto1 as a producer.
Career.
Film.
Campagna's first internationally distributed film was the post-apocalyptic western Six Reasons Why where he co-wrote, co-directed, co-edited and was the cinematographer on the film. Matt and his brother/co-director/writer/editor Jeff Campagna, shot the final scenes of the film starring Colm Feore in 2007 after Jeff Campagna had made initial contact with the actor by approaching him about the project in an airport. Made for $12,000, the film was sold in a quarter million dollar bidding war to THINKFilm after the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival and was released in theatres and on DVD in August 2008. The Campagna Brothers' follow-up film is to be another western, entitled "Roll the Hard Six".
Internet Television.
In 2005, Campagna began his online work shooting and directing "WHIRtv" and the online video content for the "Web Host Industry Review". In 2006, he began directing the weekly online cultural news show "YourGreekNews" which has gone on to become a show on ethnic specialty television channel MEGA Cosmos (Canada). In 2007, he launched "BSGcast" and Your Geek News as co-host and director, and guest directed an episode of web series Galacticast. In 2008 he began directing The Naked Wine Show.
Film Festival Director.
In July 2008 the Campagna Bros. hosted the first annual Mississauga Independent Film Festival showcasing Canadian Independent short films, documentaries and feature films. In the first year, winning films included Matt Bissonnette's Who Loves the Sun for Best Feature Film. In 2009, Dean Bajramovic won for his feature Gangster Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="19392146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392146" title="Utah State Route 109">
Utah State Route 109

State Route 109 (or SR-109) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah. The route serves as an east–west connector in the city of Layton in Davis County.
Route description.
The route starts at the intersection of SR-126 (Main Street) and Gentile Street in the historic section of Layton, close to the historic Utah Central Railroad and the current-day Union Pacific Railroad, as well as the Layton Frontrunner station. From here, the route travels east along Gentile Street, almost immediately crossing Interstate 15 via an overpass, after which it passes by the Layton city offices and Layton High School. From this point onwards, the route primarily passes by residential subdivisions, crossing Fort Lane and Fairfield Road, the two primary north–south roads in the area. Shortly after Fairfield, the route splits off from Gentile Street, becoming Oakhills Drive as it continues east-northeast, climbing into the foothills of the Wasatch Mountains, where it ends at the intersection with US-89.
History.
State Route 109 was originally established in 1931 as the road from SR-1 (US-91) westerly for four miles along what is now Gentile Street in Layton.
In 1969, the route was moved to the east along the same street (Gentile Street) to its current alignment.

</doc>
<doc id="19392159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392159" title="Jardin botanique de Caen">
Jardin botanique de Caen

The Jardin botanique de Caen (5,000 m²), more formally known as Le jardin des plantes et le jardin botanique de Caen, is a botanical garden and arboretum located at 5, place Blot, Caen, Calvados, Basse-Normandie, France. It is open daily.
The garden's earliest plants were collected in 1689, and its first catalog published in 1781 ("Jardin botanique de Caen" by Farin and Demoneuse). It was established on the site of an old stone quarry as a university botanical garden, but in 1803, after the French Revolution, it was extended by 3.5 hectares to become a municipal park. In 1860 two large greenhouses were constructed, and a botanical institute added in 1891, but all were destroyed in World War II. New greenhouses were built in 1988.
Today the garden contains more than 8,000 species laid out in two sections. The lower section contains native plants of Normandy (about 1,000 species), a medicinal garden (600 plants), horticultural collections (700 varieties), rockeries (1,500 dwarf specimens), an arboretum of trees and shrubs (500 species), and a greenhouse of about 1,500 exotic species. The upper section is a public park containing remarkable tree specimens including "Sophora japonica" (1750), "Sequoiadendron giganteum" (1890), and "Cryptomeria japonica" (1870).

</doc>
<doc id="19392164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392164" title="Gusztáv Lifkai">
Gusztáv Lifkai

Gusztáv Lifkai (also known as "Lifka", born June 11, 1912, date of death unknown) was a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was a member of the Hungarian team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played all three matches as back.

</doc>
<doc id="19392215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392215" title="Róbert Lifkai">
Róbert Lifkai

Róbert Lifkai (also known as "Lifka", born July 20, 1916, date of death unknown) was a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was a member of the Hungarian team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played one matches as back.

</doc>
<doc id="19392272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392272" title="Tamás Márffy">
Tamás Márffy

Tamás von Márffy-Mantuano (March 20, 1907 – March 21, 1969) was a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Rome, Italy and died in London, England.
In 1936 he was a member of the Hungarian team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played two matches as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19392338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392338" title="Mad Love Chase">
Mad Love Chase

Mad Love Chase, known in Japan as Harlem Beat wa Yoake Made: Mad Love Chase, is a manga by Kazusa Takashima. In 2002, it began serialization in "Asuka". In 2009, it was licensed by TokyoPop under the name "Mad Love Chase", the subtitle of the series.
Plot.
A supernatural comedy about the Prince of Hell, Kaito, and his cat, Levun, who decide to run away together to escape an arranged marriage the Prince wants no part of. Somehow upon entering the human world, the Prince's appearances changes from tall, dark, and handsome to short, light and skinny, and his cat becomes a tall, busty female. Now the Prince is living life as a regular high school student and his cat is the school's nurse. Meanwhile, the King of Hell sends a womanizing vampire, a short tempered werewolf, and a kind hearted zombie to retrieve his son. Not to mention, the Prince's fiancée is not going to just wait around forever.

</doc>
<doc id="19392462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392462" title="Andha Naal">
Andha Naal

Andha Naal () is a 1954 Indian crime mystery film in Tamil directed by "Veenai" S. Balachander. It is arguably the first film-noir in Tamil cinema and is the first Tamil film to be made without songs. The film was inspired by the 1950 Akira Kurosawa film Rashômon. However, in contrast to Rashômon, the film's climax provides a solution to the murder using an Indian proverb as a vital clue.
The film revolves around a murder of Radio Engineer Rajan (Sivaji Ganesan), with suspects being five characters: Rajan's wife Usha (Pandari Bai), Chinnaiah Pillai, Rajan's brother Pattabi, Rajan's sister-in-law Hema, and dancer Ambujam (also Rajan's Mistress). Each one recounts an incident which points to a new suspect. Sivanandam then uses clues in the victim's room, serendipitous leads, and understands the characters' persona, and uses the knowledge to identify the culprit.
Plot.
On the night of 11 October 1943, the Japanese bombed the Indian city of Madras (now known as Chennai), causing commotion all over the city. In Triplicane the next morning, Rajan (Sivaji Ganesan), a radio engineer and communications researcher, is found murdered with his own hand gun. His neighbour Chinnaiah Pillai (P. D. Sambandam) hears the gunshot and complains to the police. A local Police Inspector named Purushothaman Naidu arrives and investigates the scene. He is joined by C.I.D. officer Sivanandam (Javar Seetharaman) there. He concludes that the killer is some petty thief who must have shot Rajan for the lump of money found in the same room of the crime scene. However, Sivanandam states that to be a bad solution, as the amount of money matches exactly with the withdrawal entry in the bank passbook found in the same room, without a single rupee's difference. Nonetheless, it was clear Rajan was making plans to leave Chennai in anticipation of the bombings. Rajan's wife Usha (Pandari Bai) is almost dumbstruck and unable to speak during any inquiries. Sivanandam and Naidu feel reluctant and embarrassed to do any questioning to her.
The two decide to investigate the case by questioning the people in and around the house, who are the family members or friends of Rajan. They start their questioning with Chinnaiah Pillai, the neighbour, as he is the first to inform them. He tells that the killer could probably be Pattabi, Rajan's younger brother (T. K. Balachandran). He recounts an incident (as flashback), in which Pattabi confronts Rajan at the house's garage to ask for his share of the family property to be apportioned and given to him. Rajan, in good faith, denies to give Pattabi his share, feeling that he and his wife might squander it. Chinnaiah concludes that this would have caused Pattabi to kill Rajan.
Sivanandam and Naidu decide to inquire Pattabi. However, Pattabi had rushed to the Beach before their arrival, probably to commit suicide. They rush there themselves to inquire him. When questioned, Pattabi feels remorseful of his brother's death. He states that he did not treat his brother well when he was alive and failed to understand his good intentions. He recounts another incident where his wife Hema, had fought with him herself, during dinner for the apportionment of the property. She is also a person who loses sanity when overpowered by anger. Pattabi believes it is easily possible that Hema used the Rajan's gun to shoot him for the money.
Sivanamdam briefly parts Naidu, to meet Hema soon after, to do his inquiry. Hema was initially impudent and refusing to give her statement about the crime, but later gives in when threatened that her husband would be arrested for the same. She reveals a secret of Rajan. Rajan has had an extramarital affair with a dancer named Ambujam (Suryakala). Only a week before the murder, she found this out when she stumbled upon and overheard Rajan and Ambujam conversing in some public place. During their conversation, Ambujam unveils that she is pregnant with Rajan's child. Rajan treats the news with a reckless attitude, infuriating Ambujam. Additionally, Hema had received a letter addressed to Rajan from Ambujam, that had the address "No.15, Thoni Street". Hema proposes that Ambujam could have killed Rajan in retaliation to Rajan's lack of concern for her.
Fatigued with the case's complicated nature, Naidu compares it with a supposed "Peruvala Vaikal" in Trichy, a river that has a lot of twists and turns. Sivanandam makes a better analogy of the case, to the story of "blind men and an elephant", in which he states each suspect has a different and contrasting opinion to offer. On Thoni Street, Ambujam leaves her house, at the news of Rajan's death, to go out of town. Thirty minutes after her departure, Sivanandam and Naidu arrive to find the house locked. They take with them Shanmugam, Ambujam's servant boy, to the police station and inquire him on the physical features of Ambujam, to locate and recognize her, but in a coincidence, Ambujam's bullock-cart and another bicycle strike each other in a road accident, right in front of the very same police station. They identify and inquire Ambujam.
Ambujam accuses Chinnaiah (Rajan's neighbour whom they had inquired as the very first suspect) of the murder. She explains that Chinnaiah was her foster father, who wanted her to stay away from Rajan. She started loving him after the trio's meeting in a picnic. When their relationship started deepening, Chinnaiah got infuriated and wanted to put an end to the affair. Ambujam gives a strong opinion that it must have been Chinnaiah who killed Rajan.
Sivanandam does his homework by developing the film roll found in Rajan's camera, collecting and comparing all of the suspects' and others' fingerprints with those found in Rajan's shoes, finding a teardrop mark in Rajan's shoes and finding broken bangle pieces on the crime scene. He finds that they further complicate the case and the case comes to nowhere. He gets small clue at a sharbat shop, apparently making no sense. He make inquiries to Rajan's college (Victoria College) principal Ranganathan, who has a good opinion of both Rajan and Usha, his wife, both being his alumni. He says Rajan once broke into the college laboratory at night, to complete an experiment, for which he never felt guilty, and Usha once put up the Indian flag as part of Freedom Movement and accepted doing it herself. This emphasizes her patriotism.
Sivanandam finally inquires Usha. She narrates an incident during college where Rajan spoke of individualistic needs that are equally as important as the country's freedom. He managed to convince the entire crowd of his viewpoint, who previously opined in contrary. However, he was bullied and disdained when Usha took over and changed the crowd back to "giving your life for the nation". Usha further tells Sivanandam on how she and Rajan came to love each other. In the process, he tricks into collecting Usha's fingerprints with a leaky fountain pen.
On that eve, Sivanandam meets all the suspects along with Naidu at Rajan's residence. He caries out an exercise wherein the suspects including Usha must shoot Sivanandam, assuming that he is Rajan. They are given revolvers with fake bullets. Everyone but Usha is able to shoot. Usha breaks down into tears and fails to shoot. Then Sivanandam orders an (apparent) arrest of Pattabi and Hema. Unable to bear the torture, Usha comes out with the truth. On the day of the murder, when she entered the room, she found Rajan working with something meticulously, with a radio equipment, powered by a generator. She believes that he is doing something suspicious. The second time she enters she discovers that he is part of the terrorist activity that involves bombing Chennai. Rajan was indeed communicating to the Japanese bombers, the suitable time for the bomb to be dropped. He is the key part for their plans. Out of her extreme patriotism for her nation, and unable to bear the injustice, she tries to talk and mend Rajan's ways. However, Rajan only wants to help the Japanese (who helped him with his radio business), and does not mind betraying his own country. Rajan has in fact, planned is to escape to Japan in a submarine after the bombing, for which he had packed the money. Usha, unable to stop him in any polite way, attempts to shoot Rajan. However, she then changes her mind but the trigger is accidentally pulled, killing Rajan. She has cried at his boots later, holding them, explaining the fingerprints and teardrop stain.
Sivanandam and Naidu ask for the papers Rajan used to hatch the bombing plan. She goes inside to fetch them. Sivanandam tells Naidu that the Usha's fingerprints (which he collected) and the ones on the boots matched, which led him to suspect her. Also, her failure to shoot during the exercise confirms the fact. When Usha takes a long time to come back, the two hear a moment's silence followed by a gunshot and they run inside. Sivanandam shouts "Usha!" followed by a screen closing behind them.
Production.
"Andha Naal" (lit. That day) was the first Tamil film to have no song or stunt sequences. The film was inspired by Rashomon and the 1950 Anthony Asquith's film, "The Woman in Question". "Andha Naal" was produced by AVM Studios and directed by "Veenai" S. Balachander. The screenplay was written by Javar Seetharaman who also acted in the movie as a CID officer investigating a murder case. Muktha. V. Sreenivasan was the assistant director and Maruthi Rao was the cinematographer. The film was short (12,431 feet or 130 Minutes) when compared to other Tamil films of the 1950s (when 15000 feet was considered as normal length for films). Actor S. V. Sahasranamam was originally cast in the lead role, but was deemed "rather old" and was replaced by actor Calcutta N. Viswanathan, who for undisclosed reasons was eventually replaced by Sivaji Ganesan.
Reception.
"Andha naal" was released on 13 April 1954 and received critical and public acclaim. But it was a commercial failure. Its failure to generate revenues meant no such film (without songs or stunts) was made again in Tamil for a long time. The film won the Certificate of Merit for the Second Best Feature Film in Tamil at 2nd National Film Awards. IBN Live included the film in its list of 100 greatest Indian films of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="19392508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392508" title="Stainland and Holywell Green railway station">
Stainland and Holywell Green railway station

Stainland and Holywell Green railway station served the villages of Stainland and Holywell Green in West Yorkshire, England from 1875 until 1929. Goods services ended in 1959.
The station consisted of a single platform to the west of a line curving from north (Greetland) to west (terminus), with a single station building and canopy. The station site is now occupied by the Brookwoods Industrial estate, with the last section of the branch being used as an access road, passing under the bridge carrying Station Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19392634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392634" title="George Tobias (bishop)">
George Tobias (bishop)

George Wolfe Robert Tobias (1882-1974) was the third Anglican Bishop of Damaraland (Namibia) from 1939 to 1949.
Biography.
George Wolfe Robert Tobias was born in 1882, the son of the Reverend Charles Frederick Tobias, Vicar of St. Augustine's, Kimberley (and afterwards Archdeacon of Caledon), and his wife, Ethel Eliza Smith.
He was educated at the Diocesan College (“Bishops”) (1896-1902); at the University of the Cape of Good Hope (BA, and Queen Victoria Scholarship, 1902); at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge (Scholar; second class, moral science tripos, 1905; first class, history tripos, and BA, 1906; MA, 1910); and at Cuddesdon Theological College (1906-1907).
Made Deacon in 1907, and Priest, on St. Matthew's Day, 21 September 1908, by the Bishop of Wakefield, he served as Curate of King Cross, Halifax, in the diocese of Wakefield, 1907-1910. Thereafter he returned to Cape Town and was licensed as Assistant Priest of St. Mary's, Woodstock on 18 November 1910. In 1915 he joined the ranks of the South African Medical Corps, and was wounded at the Battle of Delville Wood in July 1916). He was appointed as a temporary Chaplain to the Forces (South African Overseas Brigade), in 1917, was again wounded, and was awarded the Military Cross for gallantry in 1918.
In 1919 he resumed duty in the diocese of Cape Town as an Assistant Priest of St. Mary's, Woodstock in charge of the chapelry of All Saints', Roodebloem; was made Priest-in-charge of All Saints’ Parochial District, Roodebloem in 1921; and was given a General Licence to Officiate in the diocese of Cape Town during 1923-1924.
In 1924 he founded and was appointed as Priest-in-charge of St. Mary's Mission, Ovamboland, in the diocese of Damaraland. The "Diocesan College Magazine" recorded that ""n his early years there when he was without assistance, he acted as builder, carpenter, doctor and dentist. Due to his dedicated enthusiasm the Mission flourished and was extended to other parts"."
Tobias was chosen as third Lord Bishop of Damaraland and consecrated as such in St. George's Cathedral, Cape Town, on St. Mark's Day, 25 April 1939 by the Archbishop of Cape Town, assisted by the Bishops of Natal, St. John's Kaffraria, Southern Rhodesia, Kimberley and Kuruman, Pretoria, Johannesburg, Bloemfontein, Zululand, Lebombo, and George, the Coadjutor Bishop of Cape Town, and Bishop Watts. 
He resigned his diocese in August 1949 and returned to Cape Town to take up duty as Rector of Simon's Town and later, from 1954, of Hout Bay. He retired from full-time ministry in South Africa in 1956 and was given a Licence to Officiate in the diocese of Canterbury. Returning once again to Cape Town in 1960, he was given a General Licence (effective from 12 August 1960), and moved to live at 8 Rubicon Road in Rondebosch. He died in Pinelands, Cape Town on 3 May 1974.
Tobias is known to have translated "The Pilgrim's Progress" into Kwanyama, and compiled a Kwanyama dictionary.

</doc>
<doc id="19392681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392681" title="Harry Reynolds (Home and Away)">
Harry Reynolds (Home and Away)

Harry Reynolds (previously Keller) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Home and Away", played by Justin Melvey. He made his first on-screen appearance on 13 September 1999 and departed on 26 January 2001.
Casting.
Prior to joining "Home and Away", Melvey's career involved modelling, studying and improving his acting skills. When Melvey decided to "lay some grassroots", the opportunity to play Harry Reynolds in "Home and Away" came up. Of this Melvey said "I flew back to Sydney and auditioned for the role on a Thursday, found out I had it the following Monday, and then had to go back to LA to do a hair commercial on Tuesday. After that, I basically had to pack up my life, say goodbye to my friends and move back to Australia."
Development.
In one storyline Harry's ex-girlfriend Alison (Jenny Apostolou) arrives. Melvey told a writer from "TV Week" that he and Apostolou had been friends since high school and used to have a crush on one another; so "it was quite funny" working with her on "Home and Away".
Storylines.
Harry arrives as the new Science teacher at Summer Bay High, under the name "Harry Keller". His way of teaching is more informal and slightly less disciplined. Harry is accused of stalking Shauna Bradley (Kylie Watson), who has experienced a number of unsettling incidents including having her clothes stolen from the washing line. The culprit is Jillian Williams (Alexandra Davies), Shauna's ex-flatmate who has fixated on her as a kind of role model. Shauna apologises to Harry and invites him to move in with her and James Fraser (Michael Piccirilli). Harry develops feelings for Shauna and admits his real name is actually Harry Reynolds and he is a research scientist. It emerges that Harry discovered illegal activities by his employers while working in America and had alerted the authorities and ended up in Witness Protection until he could testify. Just as Harry is about to fly out to the States, Christian (John Atkinson), a hitman is sent after him and Shauna is hostage. Against the orders of his police escort, Harry goes after Christian and together he and Shauna manage to overpower him. Harry then spends night with Shauna before departing for the trial.
Harry returns to Summer Bay and begins using his real name, partly in order to renew his relationship with Shauna. Alison, Harry's ex-fiancee, arrives in the Bay, aiming to pick up where they left off. Shauna refuses to compete for him so Harry agrees to return to the States with Alison, only to change his mind halfway to the airport. After getting out of their taxi and saying goodbye to Alison, Harry is picked up by Shauna, who had changes her mind and tells him how she feels.
Dating an independent woman like Shauna is a challenge for Harry as he learns when he pays off her credit
card bill. They also clash whilst organising a self-defense class together; Harry is annoyed by her constantly knocking him down heavily in a demonstration, Harry reverses the move and overpowers her. The strain is too much and Shauna asks Harry to move out and he persuades Donald Fisher (Norman Coburn) to let him lodge at his place. Harry faces more problems when one of his pupils, Claire Rodgers (Jaime Mears), develops a crush on him and claims they are having a relationship. Fortunately for Harry, Sam Marshall (Ryan Clark), who has feelings for Claire, persuades her to reveal the truth. Harry's mother June (Rowena Wallace) arrives to visit him and he is horrified when she goes on at date with Donald. Matters are not helped when a novel based on her life does not paint his late father in the best light but comes to accept June's point of view.
Harry supports Shauna when she finds out Ailsa Stewart (Judy Nunn) is her mother and was one of the first to learn she had been conceived when Ailsa was raped in prison (Harry learned some months before Shauna herself found out). However, their relationship hits a wall when Shauna feels the need to criticise her flatmate Leah Poulos' (Ada Nicodemou) relationship with Vinnie Patterson (Ryan Kwanten). Harry is annoyed with her meddling and ironically, they are the ones who break up. In the wake of his split with Shauna, Harry decides to give up teaching and buy back his motorbike he sold in order to please Shauna. He also purchases a seaplane and sets up his own charter flight business.
After falling out with Donald, Harry moves in with Vinnie and Gypsy Nash (Kimberley Cooper) . Many in the Bay, including Gypsy's father Joel (David Woodley), believe that Harry is having an affair with his former pupil. Both of them strenuously deny it until fiction becomes fact.
Gypsy receives a phone call that Harry has been killed in a plane crash, which is later found to be a hoax, as someone is stalking them. Harry helps out a girl named Kirsten (Christa Nichola) whose car had broken down and it results in Joel finding her half-dressed in the front room. Gypsy apparently breaks up with Harry as a result but it is all an act to trap Kirsten, the stalker, who blamed Gypsy for the death of her ex-boyfriend, Charlie Nicholas (Toby Schmitz) in a car crash several months earlier. Harry and Gypsy get things back on track but Gypsy is jelaous when she finds that Harry still has a photo of Shauna. Harry and Shauna deny it but Harry later admits that he still loves Shauna, which Leah overhears and tells Gypsy, prompting her to throw him out. Harry continues with his quest to win Shauna back but is annoyed when she begins a new relationship with Jude Lawson (Ben Steel). Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie) lectures him about his behaviour, he kisses her purely to prove anyone could be tempted. June returns with the news she is setting up a holiday resort in the Whitsundays and wants him to help her. Harry takes her up on the offer after alienating most of his friends in the bay and after neither Shauna or Gypsy are prepared to accept his apology, he leaves with June in the seaplane.
Reception.
In 2000, Melvey won the "Most Popular New Male Talent" Logie Award for his portrayal of Harry.

</doc>
<doc id="19392692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392692" title="Signal transfer function">
Signal transfer function

The signal transfer function (SiTF) is a measure of the signal output versus the signal input of a system such as an infrared system or sensor. There are many general applications of the SiTF. Specifically, in the field of image analysis, it gives a measure of the noise of an imaging system, and thus yields one assement of its performance.
SiTF evaluation.
In evaluating the SiTF curve, the signal input and signal output are measured differentially; meaning, the differential of the input signal and differential of the output signal are calculated and plotted against each other. An operator, using computer software, defines an arbitrary area, with a given set of data points, within the signal and background regions of the output image of the infrared sensor, i.e. of the Unit Under Test (UUT), (see "Half Moon" image below). The average signal and background are calculated by averaging the data of each arbitrarily defined region. A second order polynomial curve is fitted to the data of each line. Then, the polynomial is subtracted from the average signal and background data to yield the new signal and background. The difference of the new signal and background data is taken to yield the net signal. Finally, the net signal is plotted versus the signal input. The signal input of the UUT is within its own spectral response. (e.g. color-correlated temperature, pixel intensity, etc.). The slope of the linear portion of this curve is then found using the method of least squares. 
SiTF curve.
The net signal is calculated from the average signal and background, as in signal to noise ratio (imaging)#Calculations.
The SiTF curve is then given by the signal output data, (net signal data), plotted against the signal input data (see graph of SiTF to the right). All the data points in the linear region of the SiTF curve can be used in the method of least squares to find a linear approximation. Given formula_1 data points formula_2 a best fit line parameterized as formula_3 is given by:

</doc>
<doc id="19392696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392696" title="1992 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles">
1992 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles

Omar Camporese was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Jan Apell.
Boris Becker won in the final 7–6(11–9), 4–6, 6–2 against Alexander Volkov.

</doc>
<doc id="19392701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392701" title="2008–09 LEB season">
2008–09 LEB season

The 2008–09 LEB season is the 13th season of the Liga Española de Baloncesto. The 612-game regular season (34 games for each of the 18 teams) began on Thursday, September 18, 2008, and will end on Friday, May 15, 2009. The champion of the regular season will be promoted to ACB. The teams between 2nd and 9th position will play a best of 3 games play off to see who plays the Final Four. Two bottom teams will be relegated to LEB Plata.
LEB Oro Regular season.
1 "CB Villa de Los Barrios relegated due economic problems."<br>
2 "Plus Pujol Lleida relegated to Liga EBA due economic problems."<br>
3 "CB Vic relegated due economic problems and sold its berth to CB Sant Josep Girona."<br>
4 "Gandía Bàsquet relegated to Liga EBA due economic problems."
LEB Oro playoffs.
Quarterfinals.
Each quarterfinal was a best-of-three (if third serie necessary) series between teams in the 2-9 positions, with the best-place team receiving home advantage. All opening games were played on May 19, 2009, and all second games were played on May 22. The deciding third games were played on May 24.
Final Four.
The Final Four is the last phase of the LEB Oro season, and is held over a weekend in Fuenlabrada. The semifinal games are played on May 30. The championship final is played on May 31.

</doc>
<doc id="19392749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392749" title="Manoeuvres">
Manoeuvres

Manoeuvres is the second solo album of singer Greg Lake, released in 1983. It features ex-Thin Lizzy member Gary Moore on guitar again. It is Lake's last original studio album on his own to date.
Personnel.
Produced By Greg Lake 
Engineered by Dan Priest

</doc>
<doc id="19392764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392764" title="Flora of the Santa Monica Mountains">
Flora of the Santa Monica Mountains

The Santa Monica Mountains, one of the Transverse Ranges located in Southern California, are in the California chaparral and woodlands ecoregion of the California Floristic Province. 
This ecoregion, in Santa Monica Mountains, has two predominant ecosystems, with three primary plant communities: 
Introduction.
The Santa Monica Mountains are covered by hundreds of local plant species: some are endemic or very rare, some are beautiful California native plants "in situ", and some also are familiar as horticultural ornamental and native garden plants. Each season has different plants predominating the visual experience.
A partial list of Plants seen in the Santa Monica Mountains:

</doc>
<doc id="19392771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392771" title="List of Cal Poly Pomona people">
List of Cal Poly Pomona people

This list of Cal Poly Pomona people includes notable graduates, non-graduate former students, and current students of Cal Poly Pomona, a public university, and one of the 23 general campuses of the California State University located in Pomona, California.
University presidents.
The following people have served as presidents of Cal Poly Pomona:
Honorary degrees.
Cal Poly Pomona has conferred 16 honorary doctorate degrees since 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19392773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392773" title="Agios">
Agios

Agios may refer to:
Greek word.
Agios (; pl. , "Agioi") transcribes masculine gender Greek words meaning "Sacred" or "Saint" (cf. Agios Dimitrios, Agioi Anargyroi). It is frequently shortened in colloquial language to "Ai" (cf. Ai Stratis). In polytonic script it's written , "Hagios" (cf. Hagios Demetrios). It's also transliterated as "Ayios", "Aghios" (cf. Ayios Dhometios, Aghios Andreas Beach, respectively) in the singular form and "Ayioi", "Aghioi" in the plural (cf. Ayioi Omoloyites, Nicosia, Aghioi Theodoroi, respectively).<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19392783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392783" title="Fernand Coulibaly">
Fernand Coulibaly

Coulibaly was born in Ségou. He played for Adana Demirspor, Gaziantepspor, Ankaragücü and Denizlispor in the Turkish Süper Lig. He also played for Stade Lavallois in the French Ligue 1.
He was part of the Mali national football team squad at the 1994 African Cup of Nations.
During October 2005, Coulibaly was imprisoned at the Bamako Central Prison following an investigation of his investments with the Banque l'Habitat Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="19392800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392800" title="Six Reasons Why">
Six Reasons Why

Six Reasons Why is a 2008 film directed by The Campagna Brothers. It stars Daniel Wooster as the Nomad, a vigilante sent into the badlands by a preacher (Colm Feore). He wanders the Badlands with his horse, killing every stranger he meets. Christopher Harrison plays an orphaned entrepreneur who is trying to cross the Badlands along with his indentured servant the Sherpa, played by Mads Koudal.
The film was in development during 2005 while the Campagna Brothers toured their previous film across Europe and America. It was shot in the summer of 2006, primarily around the desert town of Drumheller, Alberta. The Campagna Brothers presented the film at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival, which brought it to the attention of Entertainment Tonight, raising the film's profile to a national level. It was at TIFF that the 'Six Reasons Why' was discovered by a distributor and the $12,000 film was sold to Thinkfilm in a quarter million dollar bidding war.
"Six Reasons Why" was commercially released in Canada in August 2007 both as a DVD and theatrically.
Plot.
Four men stand staring one another down before a shootout. In a flashback one of the gunslingers, The Nomad, shows he shot a man in the Badlands named Milton while he is describing a vision of paradise just beyond the dunes. The Nomad loots through Milton's remains before camping for the night. That night the Nomad dreams of the preacher who sent him into the desert to protect a mysterious city, reminding him to make sure the horse is looked after. The Nomad wakes up realizing that the horse is more important to the mission than he is, and that he was never to see his home again. Rather than kill the next desert intruder, The Nomad conspires with him in faking his own death, which causes the horse to head home, tracked and followed by the Nomad. After the deal is struck, the Nomad goes to stop two more intruders entering the badlands. Now knowing his horse is actually an enemy, The Nomad takes a liking to the two strangers, The Entrepreneur and The Sherpa and chooses to stay with them. After a day of travel and a congenial dinner, they fall sleep around the fire. The Nomad again dreams of the preacher and his warnings. When the Nomad wakes up he finds his horse has vanished. Believing the two new strangers are responsible, he attacks them and ties them up for questioning. He finally realizes the culprit must have been the shady stranger from the day before.
Back at the 4-way shootout the tension is building as guns are drawn. The Entrepreneur's flashback shows him standing at a river with his father, discussing the opening of a new monorail station that is currently under construction, leading into the desert Badlands. The next morning the Entrepreneur's father is assassinated by The Criminal, who flees into the desert. That evening, The Entrepreneur and his servant, The Sherpa, are drinking at a bar when a loudmouth begins insulting the The Entrepreneur's father's memory. The Entrepreneur drunkenly beats the patron to death with his pistol. Once he and The Sherpa realize he would be arrested for the crime, they flee into the desert to chase down his father's assassin.
Once again, back at the shootout the Entrepreneur reaches for his pistol. This time, the Criminal's flashback shows he was hired to kill the Monorail Tycoon, which he does before fleeing in to the desert. He meets the Nomad, who spares his life so he can fake his own death and leave the Badlands. The Criminal agrees to a deal and consents to meet up with the Nomad in two days. Later, The Criminal spots The Nomad at a campfire with the son of his last kill. He assumes he has been betrayed and steals the horse.
Returning to the 4-way shootout, six gunshots are heard and each man falls to the ground, leaving the horse still standing. After the sun begins to set, one man stirs, gets up and follows the horse home.
Cast and characters.
Daniel Wooster plays The Nomad: A ruthless killer, trained from birth in an elite school for children who compete against one another in the survival of the fittest, until a champion remains. This champion is set into the Badlands with only a horse as his companion, until his eventual death, when the horse then returns for the next champion. The Nomad discovers the pattern that will leave him dying in the desert and plots to find his own way back home.
Christopher Harrison plays The Entrepreneur: Orphaned by The Criminal and left with nothing but vengeance and a need to prove himself. With the death of his father, he has no power in the Monorail company and only the Sherpa is still loyal to him. He plans to build the next station for the Monorail in the Badlands.
Mads Koudal plays The Sherpa: Saved at a young age by the Entrepreneur's father and given employment to work off his debts, he has become a loyal and caring friend of The Entrepreneur. Where one goes, so does the other, and as a team they urge one another on.
Colm Feore plays The Preacher: The leader of a xenophobic city west of the deadly Badlands, he presides over the treacherous training of the champions who he sends out as protectors of their secret.
Jeff Campagna plays The Criminal: The assassin of many officials, including the Entrepreneur's father, he exiles himself to an abandoned coal mine where he conducts business on his own terms. Originally an aristocrat himself, he was discovered to be a rebel and was tortured by the government. He detests authority, and enjoys his job to a fault.
Romas Stanulis plays The Zeppelin Scout: An employee of H2 Zeppelin the chief rival corporation to the Monorail. He is killed by the Entrepreneur when he starts mouthing off about the father of The Entrepreneur.
Geoff Kolomayz plays The Barkeep: As the owner of the only bar in New Gibraltar, he's got a monopoly on the entertainment and drink, which means he gets most of the trouble in his establishment. He tries to keep the violence to a minimum, but sometimes has to pay off the local law to look the other way.
Matt Campagna plays Milton Joyce: The latest in a long line of trespassers in the Badlands, Milton is looking for a prosperous lifestyle, and he believes he can find it west of the Badlands. His journey comes to an abrupt end when he encounters The Nomad.

</doc>
<doc id="19392810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392810" title="György Margó">
György Margó

György Margó (May 15, 1912 – November 9, 1988) was a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Budapest.
In 1936 he was a member of the Hungarian team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played two matches as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19392820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392820" title="List of first ascents in the Sierra Nevada (U.S.)">
List of first ascents in the Sierra Nevada (U.S.)

This list of first ascents in the Sierra Nevada can be sorted by any listed characteristic. The route taken and its Yosemite Decimal System rating are given where known. The only criteria for inclusion is the historic notability of the climb when it was completed. Both first ascents of summits by any route, and first ascents of technical non-summit routes, are listed.

</doc>
<doc id="19392828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392828" title="Ferenc Miklós">
Ferenc Miklós

Ferenc Miklós (born August 7, 1909) is a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was a member of the Hungarian team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played all three matches as halfback.

</doc>
<doc id="19392845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392845" title="List of television stations in North America by media market">
List of television stations in North America by media market

These links go to individual lists of television stations by the markets in which they are located.
Canada.
Markets are Designated Market Areas (DMAs), as listed at TV Radio World:
Mexico.
Markets are listed from north to south.
West Indies/Central America.
West Indies/Caribbean.
Markets are listed from north to south.

</doc>
<doc id="19392848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392848" title="The American Hobo">
The American Hobo

The American Hobo is a 2003 documentary film by writer and director Bobb Hopkins. The documentary examines the history and culture of American hobos. The documentary is narrated by Academy Award-winning actor Ernest Borgnine. It features interviews with Pulitzer Prize-winning author James Michener and musician Merle Haggard. The film received an honorable mention at the 2003 George Lindsey/UNA Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19392859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392859" title="Ferenc Szamosi">
Ferenc Szamosi

Ferenc Szamosi (also known as "Sztoics", February 15, 1915 – July 14, 1968) is a Hungarian ice hockey and field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was part of the Hungarian ice hockey team which was eliminated in the second round of the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches.
At the 1936 Summer Games he was a member of the Hungarian field hockey team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played two matches as halfback and back.

</doc>
<doc id="19392867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392867" title="Baythorne End">
Baythorne End

Baythorne End is a hamlet in the English county of Essex. It is located directly on the border with Suffolk. The hamlet is within the civil parish of Birdbrook and forms a part of the Saffron Walden parliamentary seat.
Immediate neighbouring villages include: Ridgewell, Sturmer, Stoke-by-Clare and Wixoe.
Notable buildings include Baythorne Mill, Baythorne Hall and the mansion and estate at Baythorne Park. 
The estate was purchased by George Pyke in 1640, where he built the Baythorne Park mansion some 28 years later. The mansion was somewhat larger than Baythorne Hall. Baythorne Park continued to be owned by the Pyke family for well over 200 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19392887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392887" title="Gary Chan">
Gary Chan

Gary Chan Hak-kan (; born 13 July 1976, Fujian, People's Republic of China) is currently the youngest member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. He represents the New Territories East constituency and is a member of the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong (DAB) political party.
Chan graduated from the Department of Government and Public Administration at Chinese University of Hong Kong, and studied in the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs, Syracuse University. He was a member of Sha Tin District Council from 1999 to 2003. He was appointed as special assistant to the Chief Executive of Hong Kong, Sir Donald Tsang, from 2006 to 2008, with an annual salary of HK$77,000.
In 2008, Chan followed Lau Kong Wah in running to represent New Territories East in the Legislative Council elections after resigning as special assistant to the Chief Executive. With about 100,000 votes for their party list, both Chan and Lau were declared elected.
Shortly after the election results were announced, Chan was widely ridiculed for his poor English. He is quoted as saying in response to a reporter's question that the DAB would "try our breast ... to improve people's living hood ".
Controversies.
Urine inspection.
In a pre-election debate, Chan proposed to impose mandatory drug tests on teenagers returning from Mainland China, so as to fight against abusing narcotics by them. The plan was criticised as abusing human rights. 
Libel.
In another pre-election debate, Chan questioned Leung Kwok-hung for his "one-minute attendance" in each LegCo meeting. Leung denied the accusation and considered that it is a libel on him. Then replied with the fact of over 95% attendance and asked for apology. 
Inadequate English proficiency for a Councillor.
Shortly after the result of the Legislative Council was announced and Chan's victory into the Council was confirmed, Chan was interviewed by the press on live TV, where he was asked by one of the English-speaking reporter that:
Chan replied: 
His mistake regarding the word "breast" for "best", in particularly was criticised in the media and the general public in Hong Kong for lack of English language proficiency as a Legislative Councilor. 

</doc>
<doc id="19392902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392902" title="Géza Teleki">
Géza Teleki

Count Géza Teleki de Szék (also known as "Géza von Teleki", 27 November 1911 – 5 January 1983) was a Hungarian politician and field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was born in Budapest, the son of Pál Teleki.
Private life.
Hungarian Sea Scouts were present at a Sea Scout rally held in the summer of 1927 at Helsingør, Denmark. On a sailing cruise, Teleki was inclined to ignore a reprimand from his Scoutmaster, Fritz M. de Molnár, for failure to carry out a small but necessary exercise of seamanship. Molnár tried to drive home his point by threatening to tell the boy's father on their return to Budapest. Géza replied "Oh, Dad's not interested in Scouting." This roused Molnár's mettle, and he determined to take up the subject of Scouting with Count Teleki. Teleki became interested, and Hungary obtained the wholehearted support and encouragement of one of its most noted citizens, becoming Chief Scout, honorary Chief Scout, a member of the International Committee for many years, Camp Chief of the 4th World Scout Jamboree and a close friend and contemporary of Robert Baden-Powell, 1st Baron Baden-Powell.
In 1936 he was a member of the Hungarian team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played all three matches as forward.
Political career.
He pressed the truce on the end of the Second World War. He became a member of the delegation, which started peace negotiations in Moscow on 28 September 1944. Teleki also signed the interim truce agreement on 11 October, but this was not able to come true, because of the Arrow Cross Party's coup d'état on 15 October. He served as Minister of Religion and Education in the Interim National Government which formed in Debrecen. He worked as teacher for the Faculty of Economics in the University of Budapest until 1948. He emigrated to the United States in 1949.
Later life.
He was a teacher on the University of Virginia from 1950. From 1955 he served as geology professor of the George Washington University. Teleki committed suicide together with his wife, because of their incurable disease. His father, Pál Teleki also committed suicide in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="19392917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392917" title="Rip Hagerman">
Rip Hagerman

Zerah Zequiel "Rip" Hagerman (June 20, 1888 in Lyndon, Kansas – January 30, 1930 in Albuquerque, New Mexico), was a Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He would play for the Chicago Cubs and Cleveland Indians.

</doc>
<doc id="19392935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392935" title="Melvin LaThomas Brimm">
Melvin LaThomas Brimm

Melvin "LaThomas" Brimm (born September 20, 1987) better known today by his middle name LaThomas, is a singer-songwriter, vocal producer, dancer-choreographer, and actor.
Born and raised in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, LaThomas left Florida Agriculture & Mechanical University mid sophomore year to pursue his passion for the arts in Atlanta, Georgia in 2007. Having already had writing credits from writing and vocal producing for Tiffany Villereal overseas project prior to moving to Atlanta, he used that to his advantage to get easier access to producers, executives, and other artists. LaThomas lived in a UHaul truck and took showers in different hotels for almost a month before finding a job and an apartment to live. (cont)
Education.
Melvin LaThomas Brimm attended Florida A & M University, Florida Memorial University, and OmniTech Institute.
Official US Single "Whatcha Think About That" PCD ft. Missy Elliott".
"Whatcha Think About That" which is the second single from the Pussycat Dolls' upcoming sophomore studio album "Doll Domination". Producer Polow da Don, vocal production by Melvin LaThomas Brimm, and written by Jamal Jones, Esther Dean, Missy Elliott, Michael Fumon It samples the song "Je m'appelle Jane" by Jane Birkin and Mickey 3D.

</doc>
<doc id="19392945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392945" title="Zoltán Turcsányi">
Zoltán Turcsányi

Zoltán Turcsányi (November 7, 1914 – April 16, 2002) was a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Rábapatona, Győr-Moson-Sopron County.
In 1936 he was a member of the Hungarian team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played two matches as halfback and forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19392963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392963" title="Johannes Bosschaert">
Johannes Bosschaert

Johannes Bosschaert (1606/08– 1628/29) was a member of the Bosschaert family of still life painters.
Biography.
He was born in Middelburg, one of the three sons of Ambrosius Bosschaert, who painted flowers in a similar style. His brothers Ambrosius and Abraham also became flower painters. He moved with his family and uncle Balthasar van der Ast to Bergen op Zoom in 1615, and moved with them again in 1619 to Utrecht, but after his father died in 1621, Johannes became a member of the Haarlem Guild of St. Luke in 1623 and paid membership until 1625. In 1626 he moved south again and became a member of the Dordrecht Guild of St. Luke. He influenced his younger brother brother Abraham and the Dordrecht painter Jacob Gerritsz Cuyp. Like his father and brothers, he signed his works with a monogram; JB. He died in Dordrecht; the precise date of his death is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="19392973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392973" title="João d'Avila Moreira Lima">
João d'Avila Moreira Lima

João d’Avila Moreira Lima (August 30, 1919 – September 30, 2011) was a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Lima was born in Itabirito, Brazil and ordained a priest on April 8, 1944. He was appointed the auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of São Sebastião do Rio de Janeiro as well as Titular Bishop on June 21, 1982 and ordained bishop on August 24, 1982. Lima retired as auxiliary bishop from the Archdiocese of São Sebastião do Rio de Janeiro on March 20, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19392996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19392996" title="Walter Phillips">
Walter Phillips

Walter Phillips may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19393011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393011" title="True Country">
True Country

True Country is an American 24-hour music format produced by Dial Global Networks. Its playlist is composed of a diverse mix of classic and some handpicked modern country music from artists such as Randy Travis, Garth Brooks, Martina McBride, Alabama, Trace Adkins, Brad Paisley and dozens more artists.
Recently, Triton Media Group purchased Jones Radio Networks. Prior to the relocation into Dial Global's portfolio, it was known as True 24-Hour Country.

</doc>
<doc id="19393016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393016" title="Gebere Dam">
Gebere Dam

Gebere Dam is a dam in Turkey. 

</doc>
<doc id="19393021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393021" title="George Brickley">
George Brickley

George Vincent Brickley (July 19, 1894 – February 23, 1947) was professional athlete that competed in baseball and American football. In baseball he played as an outfielder in the majors for the Philadelphia Athletics in 1913. He later played football as a tailback for the Cleveland Tigers and the New York Brickley Giants of the American Professional Football Association, which was later renamed the National Football League.
Athletic career.
Baseball.
Brickley made his debut with the Athletics on September 26, , at the age of eighteen, making him one of the ten youngest players in the league that year. He appeared in a total of five games and played four in right field, making no errors in two chances. As a hitter, in thirteen plate appearances, Brickley collected two hits (a single and a triple), struck out four times, and was hit by a pitch once.
Football.
After professional baseball, Brickley went on to Trinity College in Connecticut, where he played football. His status as a former professional athlete did not sit well with opposing schools. Columbia University requested that Trinity keep Brickley out of a game between the two schools, a request that Trinity denied. Columbia cancelled the game as a result.
Brickley later appeared in a total of seven professional football games in 1920 and 1921. Five of those games were for the Cleveland Tigers, and the other two were the only two league games ever played by the New York Brickley Giants (no relation to the current NFL team).
Later life.
After his athletic career ended, Brickley served as athletic director and head football coach at Everett High School from 1922 to 1925. He then served as head football coach at Woburn High School.
Family.
Brickley was the brother of Charles Brickley, an American football player and coach, for whom he played on the New York Giants in 1921. His grandson is former National Hockey League player and current Boston Bruins television analyst Andy Brickley.

</doc>
<doc id="19393026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393026" title="Geitoneura acantha">
Geitoneura acantha

The Ringed Xenica, Geitoneura acantha, is a species of butterfly belonging to the Nymphalidae family of the Lepidoptera order.

</doc>
<doc id="19393042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393042" title="Edward Anthony">
Edward Anthony

Edward Anthony may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19393043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393043" title="Belknap Bridge">
Belknap Bridge

The Belknap Bridge (also McKenzie River Bridge) crosses the McKenzie River near the unincorporated community of Rainbow in Lane County, Oregon, United States. It is approximately three miles west of the town of McKenzie Bridge which is named after the bridge. It is the fourth covered bridge built on the site. The bridge is well maintained and open to traffic. The Belknap Bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
Lane County was the first in Oregon to build covered bridges on a large scale. Today, the county has more surviving covered bridges than any other county west of the Mississippi River, a total of 17 bridges, including 14 that are still open to traffic. There has been a covered bridge at the Belknap Bridge site since 1890 as four different bridge structures.
The original Belknap Bridge was built in 1890 by Mr. T. Thomson. It was named for a pioneer family that settled in the McKenzie River area, Rollin S. Belknap, who discovered and developed Belknap Springs approximately nine miles upstream from the bridge. His son, J. H. Belknap, was involved in promoting a toll road over McKenzie Pass in the early 1870s.
Traffic weakened the structure over time, so Lane County replaced it in 1911. The second bridge was replaced in 1939. That bridge, however, was destroyed in the Pacific Northwest flood of 1964. The current bridge opened in 1966. In 1975, louvered windows were added to the south side of the structure to improve the bridge's interior light. The bridge structure was strengthened and the exterior repaired in 1992. In 2002, a new roof was installed as part of a general bridge renovation project.
Because of its unique scenic beauty and its importance to Oregon's transportation history, the Belknap Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. Today, Lane County's Engineering Division maintains the covered bridges that are open to traffic, including the Belknap Bridge.
Structure.
The current Belknap Bridge was designed for Lane County by the Oregon Bridge Corporation of Springfield, Oregon, as a classic covered bridge. It is long, containing a single span supported by a Howe truss system. Its maximum carrying capacity of is to accommodate logging trucks. The bridge rests on two concrete foundation piers. Its wooden floor planks and shingled roof are in good condition, as is the weatherboard housing that protects the Howe truss infrastructure from the elements. 
Most of Oregon's covered bridges, including the Belknap Bridge, were built using the Howe truss system, developed in 1840 by the Massachusetts architect William Howe. The system uses heavy timbers reinforced with iron or steel rods. The trusses have central beams and crossed timbers with adjustable, vertical iron rods to support the structural load.

</doc>
<doc id="19393048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393048" title="Biphenylindanone A">
Biphenylindanone A

Biphenylindanone A (BINA, LS-193,571) is a research agent which acts as a potent and selective positive allosteric modulator for the group II metabotropic glutamate receptor subtype mGluR2. 
In animal studies it showed anxiolytic and antipsychotic effects, and blocked the effects produced by the hallucinogenic drug DOB. BINA and other selective mGluR2 positive modulators have therefore been suggested as a novel class of drugs for the treatment of schizophrenia which may have superior properties to traditional antipsychotic drugs.
BINA decreases cocaine self-administration in rats, with no effect on food self-administration, and is in regard to this discrimination superior to the mGluR2/3 agonist LY-379,268

</doc>
<doc id="19393051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393051" title="Peruvian general election, 2011">
Peruvian general election, 2011

The Peruvian general election, 2011 took place on 10 April 2011. Since no candidate received more than half of all valid votes, a second round was necessary to determine the winner. This second round took place on 5 June and determined the successor of Alan García, as well as 130 members of the Peruvian Congress and 5 members of the Andean Parliament. Former army officer and left-wing politician Ollanta Humala narrowly defeated Keiko Fujimori, daughter of imprisoned former President Alberto Fujimori. Humala was sworn in on 28 July as 94th President of Peru and is serving a term of five years. Each candidate had two vice-presidential candidates.
Background.
After the third presidential term of Alberto Fujimori, new rules were established to curtail presidential authority. The outgoing president is now forbidden to run for reelection until five years have elapsed since the end of a presidential term.
Peruvian politics adhere to a multi-party system, in which no one political group has a majority in Congress. This has led recent administrations to form loose alliances while in office to govern effectively. Such multi-party system has been in place ever since the administration of President Alberto Fujimori (1990–2000), following his 1992 dissolution of Congress
The elections are organised by three groups. First of all the RENIEC (National Registry of Identification and Civil Status), they are in charge of maintaining the civil records. And by that they define who has to vote and who doesn’t. In Peru, all citizens aged 18 to 70 are compelled to vote, elections being discretionary past the age of 70. The real organization of the elections and also of all other referenda is done by the ONPE (National Office of Electoral Processes). The last organisation is the JNE (National Jury of Elections), they are looking into the legality of the elections and the campaign plans.
The positions to be elected are:
Presidential candidates.
The election campaigns started early in the summer of 2010. During most of 2010, polls were led by two right wing political parties: Solidaridad Nacional (National Solidarity), led by former mayor of Lima Luis Castañeda Lossio and Fuerza 2011 (Force), led by ex-president Alberto Fujimori's daughter, Keiko Fujimori. In November 2010, Alianza por el Gran Cambio (Alliance for the Great Change) launched the candidacy of the former prime minister Pedro Pablo Kuczynski.
Claiming a more centrist stand are, APRA the ruling party and Peru Posible (Possible Peru), under the leadership of former Peruvian President Alejandro Toledo.
The left-wing politician Ollanta Humala is supported by the Peruvian Nationalist Party.
The Aprista Party (APRA), Fuerza Social and Cambio Radical do not have presidential candidates. The incumbent Alan García's American Popular Revolutionary Alliance is also not fielding a candidate in the election.
Alejandro Toledo is a former president.
Keiko Fujimori campaign ran on support of the status quo free-market policies, however she was seen as hindered because of her ties to her father Alberto Fujimori, who is in prison for corruption and human rights crimes following a crackdown on the Túpac Amaru Revolutionary Movement in the 1990s following the Japanese embassy hostage crisis in 1996–1997. In addition, her campaign has been
criticized for vote-buying.
Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, a former prime minister, is also known as "El Gringo" because he has U.S. citizenship and is of European descent. His support was seen as limited outside Lima because of his support amongst the country's elite.
Ollanta Humala, who had once led a military revolt in 2000 that was quickly put down, softened what was seen as his anti-capitalist tone to look more moderate along the lines of Brazil's former president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. He told a campaign rally that "We are willing to make many concessions to unite Peru, we are going to talk with all political forces. Social problems must be resolved through dialogue. Let's vote without fear." Voters were seen to vote against Garcia in order to have a "fairer division of Peru's booming economy – backed by rich mineral resources – a key issue for more than a third of the population still living in poverty." The other candidates tried to discredit him by saying he would increase state control over the economy, roll back reforms and jeopardise about $40bn in potential foreign investment over the next decade in mining and energy exploration. Moody's ratings agency also said that Peru's investment-grade credit rating would not be threatened should Humala win. Despite this the sol and the Lima Stock Exchange's flagship index main stock index fell over the two weeks before the first round of the election on speculation that Humala would raise mining taxes, increase state subsidies and/or tighten control of such "strategic" sectors as electricity.
Opinion polls conducted in late May 2011 showed Fujimori and Humala in a statistical tie in a runoff vote scheduled for 5 June 2011, with one point separating the two candidates.
Support for the second round.
Some of the candidates and parties eliminated in second round have expressed their support for one of the contestants in the run-off election.
"Alliance for the Great Change" candidate P. P. Kuczynski declared that he would vote for Fujimori, as well as his running mate Máximo San Román and ally Humberto Lay (National Restoration), whereas Humanists' leader Yehude Simon declared his support for Humala.
The "Possible Peru" Alliance and its candidate Alejandro Toledo also announced support for the "Peru Wins"-candidate in exchange for a participation in Humala's aspired government.
"National Solidarity" leader Luis Castañeda on the other hand uttered his backing for the Force 2011 frontwoman.
"APRA" does not have a clear party line yet but former Prime minister Javier Velásquez inclined to Keiko Fujimori's side.
Nobel laureate writer "Mario Vargas Llosa", liberal presidential candidate of 1990 and opponent of Alberto Fujimori, stated the he would "never vote" for Fujimori's daughter and warned the nation of a "return to dictatorship" that came up with a victory of Keiko. He, personally, would vote for Humala, "unhappily and with fear" but as the lesser evil.
Presidential polls.
First round.
There has been a lot of discussion about these polls. For instance, for a while the JNE enforced new regulations where people were obliged to give personal information. After protests by poll organisations and the people of Peru, these regulations were nullified since they were seen as an invasion of the privacy of the poll takers. According to the JNE it is not permitted publish new polls one week before the day of election.
Results.
The "Oficina Nacional de Procesos Electorales" released the result:
For the Second round. ONPE, 99.99% of acts processed:
Only the four main parties obtained representation in the Andean Parliament. Gana Perú obtained two seats, Fuerza 2011, Alianza por el Gran Cambio and Perú Posible one seat each.
Reactions.
Fujimori congratulated Humala on his victory after admitting defeat.
The Lima Stock Exchange index also plunged the following day amid concerns of Humala's economic policies and cabinet ministers.
Government formation.
Former president Alejandro Toledo was set to be in talk with Humala to join his government in some form. However, in mid-July he quit the talks, though he said legislators from their two parties would vote together on some issues.
About a week before his inauguration Humala introduced a cabinet line-up that was positively received by financial markets and the business community because most appointees were read as "moderate" and "establishment" figures who thus allayed apparent fears of radical change. His cabinet line-up includes:
On 18 August, the cabinet authorised the creation of the Ministry of Development and Social Inclusion whose function would be to implement the social programmes of the government to promote "social inclusion." The ministry was created to turn the social programmes into productive tools for the benefit of the poor and that one of its objectives would be to create the conditions so that beneficiaries of the "Juntos" programme use subsidies for "financial leverage" so as to improve their quality of life.
As a result of Humala's appointees, which came in contrast to concerns he would introduce changes that could hurt Peru's economic growth, Peru's sol-denominated bonds increased as yields fell from 7.84 percent for maturities in due in August 2020 to 6.12 percent. The bond prices gained 0.29 centimo to 111.78 centimos per sol, the highest since 23 February. Carlos Herrera said that Peru would seek a mining windfall profits tax after consultations with companies.
In reaction to the perceived "moderate" appointments the sol held steady at a three-year high. The credit rating agency Fitch also reaffirmed Peru's BBB- credit rating with a positive outlook. The decision to keep Velarde at the Central Bank also resulted in a rise for the Lima Stock Exchange's indices. Roque Benavides, the chief executive officer of Cia. de Minas Buenaventura SA, (Peru's largest precious metals producer) said of Humala's ministerial appointees that "there are very, very good ministers who have been called to contribute. What we have now is better than what we expected." Mining companies such as Southern Copper and Cia. de Minas Buenaventura SA had previously warned against a tax on sales, which could make the mining industry less competitive and affect the US$42 billion in planned mining investment. Southern Copper said that it expected a "positive result" from consultation talks on the proposed new windfall tax levy on mining companies. Financial Planning Manager Raul Jacob said that the government would continue to support new mining projects like the US$1 billion Tia Maria copper mine. "We think the government will establish the taxation but will maintain the of the mining industry. company is confident that good investment conditions, stability, social inclusion and growth will prevail in Peru."
However, his softening stance on regulating and taxing the mining sector caused consternation amongst some of his original supporters. Mario Huaman, the head of the General Workers’ Confederation (the largest labour union in Peru, who also endorsed Humala) said that: "We’re worried. We’ll listen very carefully to what he says in the coming days and see if he shares our views. Then we’ll decide our plan of action, our plan to fight. He promised change." Renee Ramirez, the general secretary of the Education Workers Union said that: "The new government has built up such great hopes that if it doesn’t follow through there’ll be a big divorce. We’re not going to keep quiet. We threw our weight behind Humala but we didn’t write him a blank check."
Alvaro Vargas Llosa, a senior fellow at the Washington, D.C.-based Independent Institute and son of Mario Vargas Llosa said that "He has to find a way to keep the base close while not letting it dictate economic policy." Erasto Almeida, a political analyst at Eurasia Group added that if his opinion rating drops further or the economy slows that Humala "could be tempted later on in his mandate" to adopt less market-friendly policies.
Indigenous groups, such as AIDESEP in the Amazon, have expressed disappointment with Humala's move away from the left amidst his campaign promises to champion the Inca empire. They cited such reasons as Humala plan to go through with a Garcia-era proposal to bring in up to US$20 billion in the next five years, US$6.2 billion of which Garcia had already lined-up, for such measures as oil exploration in the Amazon. Alberto Pizango, the head AIDESEP, said that "The communities had entrusted this government to oversee a real, profound change. But Humala has altered his discourse, leading the people to say this government will just be more of the same." He also criticised the appointment of Herrera because of the latters approval of petroleum concessions when he first held the ministerial post in 2000.
Former President Alan García chaired his final cabinet meeting on 27 July. At the he said:
I wanted to thank all of the ministers, also the regional presidents have put in a great deal of effort into their jobs, and mayors who are those who develop directly and closely with the people. am convinced that when you put zeal aside, history will recognise what these ministers achieved with their effort. Much will have to be done for our country, but I think that the path chosen was the correct one, and the perseverance and the dedication was necessary. A salute to Peru, to the youth of Peru, to the poor of Peru, to the authorities of Peru, and as a follower of Haya de La Torre all I wanted to do was make a government that gives bread with freedom. A salute to Peru, to it's future and success."
Inauguration.
Prior to his inauguration on 28 July, Humala's popularity fell in opinion polls after he suspended his brother Alexis Humala from Gana Peru following allegations of corruption in relation to deals with Gazprom. His approval rating of 70% fell to 41%.
For inauguration day itself Lima's main downtown square was scheduled to be open without security restrictions. Javier Sanguinetti, police chief for the Lima region, said that his office was working with the tourism police department and that 10,000 police officers would be deployed at popular tourist attractions around Lima on 28 and 29 July.
Former President Alan García was not scheduled to attend the event because, according to him, the inauguration "is to hear the new president's message" and that although he attended Alberto Fujimori's inauguration in 1990 "there was such unrest in congress, because of my presence, that I’d rather focus on my health, and say ‘Let the new president give his message freely, let's not vent our frustrations in front of foreign heads of state.'" His critics read this as a snub to Humala. However, foreign dignitaries such as Colombia's Juan Manuel Santos was scheduled to attend the event, along with Brazil's Dilma Rousseff, Uruguay's José Mujica, Panama's Ricardo Martinelli (and his wife First Lady Marta Linares de Martinelli), Argentina's Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, Chile's Sebastián Piñera, Ecuador's Rafael Correa, Bolivia's Evo Morales, Guatemala's Álvaro Colom, Honduras’ Porfirio Lobo, South Africa's Jacob Zuma and Georgia's Mikheil Saakashvili. They would also be joined by Cuban First Vice President Jose Ramon Machado Ventura and his delegation, Spain's crown prince Felipe, Prince of Asturias, Secretary-general of the Organization of American States Jose Miguel Insulza, the U.S. ambassador, the brother of South Korean President Lee Myung-bak, Lee Sang-deuk of the incumbent Grand National Party and Chinese President Hu Jintao's special envoy Minister of Agriculture Han Changfu.
Piñera, who was welcomed by outgoing Economics Minister Ismael Benavides after his arrival at 23:00 said: "From the core of my soul, I want to wish President Humala the best of luck, as well as to the Peruvian government and the Peruvian people." Santos, who was welcomed by outgoing Prime Minister Rosario Fernández, said that "We consider Peru a true strategic partner on many fronts. Every relationship can be strengthened, improved. The relationship with Peru has been extraordinary, but we’re going to see how we can continue feeding it, strengthening it, improving it." Machado Ventura, who was welcomed by the outgoing Minister of the Interior Miguel Hidalgo, relayed greetings and said that Humala electoral victory was an "example of the continuing advance of progressive forces in Latin America;" he added that the proposed a "nationalist programme" would "promote greater equity in the distribution of the country's wealth and that Cuba wishes him success in this effort." His delegation also included Foreign Minister Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla, Deputy Foreign Minister Rogelio Sierra, the new Cuban ambassador to Peru Juana Martínez González and the outgoing Cuban ambassador Luis Delfín Pérez. The delegation was also invited Peru's commemoration of their 190 anniversary of independence. The outgoing President Alan García hosted a reception for the visiting heads of state and foreign dignitaries the night before the inauguration. Morales and Piñera also scheduled a bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the event.
Garcia left the presidential palace after he passed on the presidential sash to Humala. Before wearing the sash, Humala also made a speech in which he promised "to fight for social integration, particularly of the poorest." He also said that he would not alter the existing market-oriented policies and would keep trade policies intact; he added that he provide a minimum pension for all Peruvians over the age of 65 and raise the minimum wage. "We want the term 'social exclusion' to disappear from our language and lives forever. Economic growth and social inclusion will march together." In tackling social conflict and drug traffiking he said that the United States is a "strategic partner." He also quoted South Africa's Nelson Mandela when he argued that there cannot be a democracy where misery and "social asymmetry" persist." However, he broke with tradition when he did not travel to Congress to attend the inauguration. During the swearing-in ceremony he was shouted down by the "Fujimoristas" (supporters of Keiko Fujimori and her father Alberto) after he said that was taking power" in the spirit of the 1979 constitution: "The constitution of 1979, the last constitution of democratic origin, which many have not respected and that's why it has been forgotten, is for me a true inspiration for its national and democratic content."
Initial initiatives.
On 25 August, the Congress gave its vote of confidence in approving the Council of Ministers after Prime Minister Salomon Lerner Ghitis spoke to the Congress by a vote of 90 in favour, zero against and 33 abstentations, all of whom were from Fuerza 2011. Tejada expressed his satisfaction and gratitude at the recognition of the "technical support" for the government's programmes and goals. "We call on Peruvians to be confident that President Ollanta Humala is setting the beginning of a new phase of growth with social inclusion in the history of Peru, respecting human rights and freedom of speech." The initiatives were backed by the National Confederation of Private Business Associations (CONFIEP) as confirmed by President Humberto Speziani who said that "Overall we agree with all ten policies announced by the Cabinet, which is headed by Salomon Lerner. goals are "necessary to grow with social inclusion."
One of Humala's first tasks amongst his promises for social inclusion was to start the implementation of a two-stage 25% increase in the monthly minimum wage to 750 sol and unveiling a pension increase for those older than 65.
Humala also sought to create a national flag carrier airline in cooperation with private investment, especially to such unprofitable domestic markets as the hinterlands of the Andes and the Amazon.
During the first month of Humala's presidency, an agreement was reached with mining companies that would increase taxes by up to three billion sols a year however, Carlos Herrera said a new royalty rate had not been set as yet. Prime Minister Salomon Lerner Ghitis said that "this tax will not affect investment or companies' competitiveness."
Amongst his initial social policies, modeled after Brazil during the tenure of Lula da Silva, were: a non-contributory basic pension of about US$90 per month for the elderly who lack other provisions, a state-run child-care programme, an increase in scholarships for poor students who want a university education and the expansion of a conditional cash transfer scheme for the poor. However, he said that such programmes would be introduced gradually, hence, according to government officials, the cost for the following year would be a more moderate figure of US$275m.

</doc>
<doc id="19393068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393068" title="Genuine Classic Rock">
Genuine Classic Rock

Classic Rock (Local Version) (formerly known as Genuine Classic Rock) is a 24-hour music format produced by Dial Global, formerly by Waitt Radio Networks and then by the now-defunct Dial Global Local. Its playlist comprises classic rock music released from the 1960s to the 1980s from artists such as ZZ Top, Led Zeppelin, Aerosmith, Pink Floyd, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Tom Petty and Eric Clapton among others. 
In June 2012, due to reorganizations at Dial Global, the Dial Global Local 24/7 formats were fully integrated into Dial Global's portfolio of formats, and "Dial Global Local" ceased to exist as a brand name. However, most of the former Dial Global Local formats are still offered to affiliate stations in the same manner in which they were previously offered. Genuine Classic Rock is no longer offered under that name, but continues as a Local version of Dial Global's Classic Rock format.

</doc>
<doc id="19393104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393104" title="Gilbert-Antoine Duchêne">
Gilbert-Antoine Duchêne

Gilbert-Antoine Duchêne (July 29, 1919 – November 29, 2009) was a French bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Duchênet was born in Moussey, France and was ordained a priest on July 14, 1946. He was appointed Auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Metz as well as Titular bishop of Tela on September 18, 1971 and ordained bishop December 11, 1971. Duchênet was appointed Bishop of the Diocese of Saint-Claude on June 10, 1975 and retired from diocese on December 1, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19393136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393136" title="Rock 2.0">
Rock 2.0

Rock 2.0, formerly Modern Rock, is a 24-hour music format produced by the Dial Global Radio Networks, and formerly distributed through its now-defunct Dial Global Local service. Its playlist is composed of highly tested classic rock from the 1980s combined with alternative and active rock music released from the 1990s to this day from artists such as Red Hot Chili Peppers, Nirvana, Nickelback, Pearl Jam, Metallica, etc. This satellite/internet-driven programming service predominantly targets male listeners in the 18-44 demographic range with a 20-40 year-old target. 
Rock 2.0 was originally an alternative rock format under its former owner Waitt Radio Networks called "Alternative Now!" After Dial Global purchased Waitt in 2008, the service was renamed "Modern Rock," but retained its alternative/active rock hybrid format. In mid-2010, the network was relaunched into what Dial Global terms as a new generation classic rock format as "Rock 2.0," featuring rock music from the 1980s through today.
When Dial Global made the final integration of the Dial Global Local formats into its own portfolio in June 2012, Rock 2.0 was the only Dial Global Local format to survive with its name intact. It is the only format offered by Dial Global to feature current mainstream rock, and is available only in a Local version, not in a Total version.

</doc>
<doc id="19393159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393159" title="Arizona to Broadway">
Arizona to Broadway

Arizona to Broadway is a 1933 crime romance film made by Fox Film Corporation, directed by James Tinling. The screenplay was written by William M. Conselman and Henry Johnson. The film stars James Dunn and Joan Bennett. 
It was reworked ten years later into "Jitterbugs", one of Laurel and Hardy's features made at 20th Century Fox in the 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="19393175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393175" title="Brangwin">
Brangwin

Brangwin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19393176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393176" title="Claudius Herrick">
Claudius Herrick

Claudius Herrick (February 21, 1775 – May 26, 1831) was an American educator and minister.
He was born in Southampton, New York. Herrick graduated from Yale College in 1798 and became the second head of Deerfield Academy. He was ordained to the ministry of the Congregational Church, becoming a pastor in Woodbridge, Connecticut in 1802. That year, he also married Hannah Pierpont. 
In 1807, he left the pastorate because of ill health. He moved to New Haven, Connecticut and in 1808 started a school for young women there. Many of his students were the daughters of clergymen, who received half-price tuition. Three Episcopal bishops and a Connecticut governor, Roger Sherman Baldwin, were married to former students of the school. 
Herrick died of typhus in 1831.

</doc>
<doc id="19393209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393209" title="Suriname at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Suriname at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Suriname sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. According to official records, the country's only athlete competed in athletics. Suriname did not win a medal at these Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19393247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393247" title="Leo Gestel">
Leo Gestel

Leo Gestel (11 November 1881, Woerden- 26 November 1941, Hilversum) was a Dutch painter. His father Willem Gestel was also an artist. Leo Gestel experimented with cubism, expressionism, futurism and postimpressionism. Along with Piet Mondrian he was among the leading artists of Dutch modernism.
Life.
Gestel was first instructed in art by his father, Willem Gestel, the director of an art school, and his uncle, Dimmen Gestel, who had painted with Vincent van Gogh. Due to financial problems Gestel created advertisements (e.g. for Philips) for illustrated books.
While in Paris he came in contact with the avant-garde movement. In 1913 Herwarth Walden offered him the chance to exhibit work in the "Erster Deutscher Herbstsalon" in Berlin. Generally Gestel spent the summer in Bergen, where he joined the Bergen School. In 1929 the majority of his works were lost when a fire destroyed his studio; he then moved to Blaricum.

</doc>
<doc id="19393259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393259" title="Military aviation occupations">
Military aviation occupations

Military aviation occupations are types of work either shared with commercial aviation or unique to military air forces that provide skills to design, operate and particularly engage in aerial combat in during military operations. These occupations are characterised by the unique aspect of human performance in an environment unnatural to the species, and includes a considerable level of stress due to this. The occupations are also characterised by the need for higher education in most occupations due to the complexity of most electrical and mechanical systems involved in aircraft designs and their maintenance on the ground, in control of airspace and in the air. 
Military aviation occupations are therefore divided into the relative areas of:

</doc>
<doc id="19393262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393262" title="List of ice hockey arenas by capacity">
List of ice hockey arenas by capacity

The following is a list of ice hockey arenas by capacity. Only those arenas that regularly host ice hockey games with paid admission (e.g. professional, major junior, or university) are included. Outdoor stadiums that have hosted occasional hockey games are not included. Buildings under construction are not included. Buildings which no longer host hockey matches are listed but not ranked, and the capacity for defunct buildings is the capacity at the time of closing, or last use for hockey, unless otherwise mentioned. Buildings are ranked by their current capacity for hockey games, not for other events, which is often substantially different because of ice hockey's unique playing surface, the ice rink. Capacities do not include standing room tickets. All arenas with a capacity of more than 15,000 are included.
The majority of these arenas are in Canada and the United States, with a small number in Europe; none are on any other continent. Most of the largest arenas are home to professional teams, mainly from the National Hockey League (NHL). All thirty current NHL arenas are listed. None of teams in the top leagues in Finland (SM-liiga) or Sweden (Elitserien), and only one team each in the top league of Czech Republic (Czech Extraliga), Germany (Deutsche Eishockey Liga), Switzerland (National League A) and the international Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) (Belarus, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Croatia, Ukraine, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Finland and Russia), play in an arena with a capacity of 15,000 or larger and most play in arenas of less than 10,000, despite the reputation of these leagues as Europe's best, and the KHL's recent attempt to compete with the NHL for talent. More arenas in the junior Western Hockey League or minor-professional American Hockey League are in the above 15,000-seat class than in all of the European leagues combined. The sample of the best European venues can be identified by examining the host sites of the Ice Hockey World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19393275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393275" title="R v Clarke">
R v Clarke

R v Clarke (1927) 40 CLR 227 is court case decided by the Australian High Court in the law of contract.
Facts.
The claimant wanted to compel the Crown to pay a reward it had offered for information leading to the conviction of a murderer. The claimant gave the information. But he gave it while he was under investigation himself for murder. He told the police "exclusively in order to clear himself". It was uncertain whether he was thinking about the reward at the time he provided the information.
Judgment.
Higgins J interpreted the evidence to say that Clarke had forgotten about the offer of the reward. Starke J and Isaacs ACJ only went so far as to say that he had not intended to accept the offer. The Court held it was necessary to act in "reliance on" an offer in order to accept it, and therefore create a contract. Starke J said "the performance of some of the conditions required by the offer also establishes "prima facie" an acceptance of the offer." But here it was held that the evidence showed, Mr Clarke was not acting on the offer. So a presumption that conduct which appeared to be an acceptance was relying on an offer was displaced.the defendant was ruled not entitled to a government reward of 1000 pounds for infomation about the murderers of two police officers when at the time the information was given,

</doc>
<doc id="19393288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393288" title="The Other Side of AIDS">
The Other Side of AIDS

The Other Side of AIDS is a 2004 documentary film by Robin Scovill. Through interviews with prominent AIDS denialists and HIV-positive people who have refused anti-HIV medication, the film makes the claim that HIV is not the cause of AIDS and that HIV treatments are harmful, conclusions which are rejected by medical and scientific consensus. The film was reviewed in "Variety" and "The Hollywood Reporter" in 2004, and received additional attention in 2005, when Scovill's three-year-old daughter died of untreated AIDS.
"The Other Side of AIDS" was shown at the AFI Los Angeles International Film Festival in 2004, where it received special mention in the International Documentary category. The film had its international premiere at the 2004 Vancouver International Film Festival, and also played at the Buenos Aires International Festival of Independent Cinema in Argentina.
Background and content.
The interviewees in "The Other Side of AIDS" include Peter Duesberg, a professor "whose stock in the scientific community declined sharply once he began second-guessing the role of HIV" in AIDS, and Christine Maggiore, whose organisation "militates against HIV drug treatments." "Variety" notes that Maggiore is the wife of the director/producer, a fact the film omits. In addition to these two prominent AIDS denialists, the documentary features several HIV-positive people who have refused anti-HIV medications. Along with Maggiore, they blame AIDS deaths in part on negative thinking by victims, a "fatalism" they say is encouraged by support groups. Several also blame AIDS on the "gay lifestyle".
The film does not make a substantial attempt to balance the beliefs of AIDS denialists with the conclusions of medical scientists that HIV causes AIDS. Although two AIDS researchers are interviewed, both reviews of the film remark that these representatives seem to have been cast specifically to portray researchers in a negative light. "Variety" refers to the two as "fanatics", people chosen by Scovill because their displayed emotions outweigh their "perfectly rational" arguments. AIDS Researcher Julio Montaner, interviewed around the film's Vancouver premiere, said that such emotion comes from fear for patients who may take the film's arguments seriously: "The success of the drugs depends to a high degree on the commitment of the patient to take the medication properly."
In the documentary, produced in 2004, Scovill's HIV-positive wife, Christine Maggiore claimed that she and her two children were healthy despite not taking anti-HIV medications. In 2005, Maggiore's and Scovill's three-year-old daughter, Eliza Jane, died of complications of untreated AIDS. In 2008, Maggiore herself died at the age of 52 after a protracted bout of pneumonia, with several other AIDS-related illnesses.
The executive producer of "The Other Side of AIDS" was Robert Leppo, a venture capitalist who has also funded the activities of well-known AIDS denialist Peter Duesberg.
Critical reception.
"The Other Side of AIDS" was reviewed in "Variety" and, briefly, in "The Hollywood Reporter".
"Variety" concluded that while the documentary "fails to present a particularly compelling argument," it succeeds in making the viewer "root for the underdog" by contrasting a long line of sympathetic AIDS denialists with two angry researchers. The review says the strongest argument in the film is an emotional allegation that the government forcibly takes children from HIV-positive parents in the United States, while the weakest point is its tendency to "place the blame the AIDS epidemic exclusively on homosexual behavior."
"The Hollywood Reporter" states that the film is "a substantial contribution to the international debate about the AIDS epidemic", but faults it for being technically "pedestrian", composed mostly of "talking heads and printed information onscreen".

</doc>
<doc id="19393290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393290" title="Joseph Francis Maguire">
Joseph Francis Maguire

Joseph Francis Maguire (born September 4, 1919) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Springfield in Massachusetts from 1977 to 1991.
Biography.
Joseph Maguire was born in the Roxbury section of Boston, Massachusetts, and received his early education at St. Columbkille's grammar and high schools in Brighton. He attended Boston College, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1941. He then began his studies for the priesthood at St. John's Seminary in Brighton. He was ordained a priest for the Archdiocese of Boston on June 29, 1945.
Maguire's first assignment was as a curate at St. Joseph's Church in Lynn. He then served at St. Anne's Church in Readville, Blessed Sacrament Church in Jamaica Plain, and St. Mary of the Hills Church in Milton. From 1956 to 1959, he served as a chaplain in the United States Army Reserve and the Massachusetts National Guard. He served as secretary to Cardinal Richard Cushing and his successor, Cardinal Humberto Sousa Medeiros, between 1962 and 1971. He was pastor of St. John the Baptist Church in Quincy from 1971 to 1972.
On December 1, 1971, Maguire was appointed auxiliary bishop of Boston and titular bishop of "Mactaris" by Pope Paul VI. He received his episcopal consecration on February 2, 1972 from Cardinal Medeiros, with Bishops Jeremiah Francis Minihan and Thomas Joseph Riley serving as co-consecrators. He was named coadjutor bishop of the Diocese of Springfield on April 13, 1976. Upon the resignation of Bishop Christopher Joseph Weldon, Maguire succeeded him as the fifth Bishop of Springfield on October 15, 1977.
He remained Bishop of the Diocese until his retirement which took place on December 27, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19393330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393330" title="Walter, Conston, Alexander &amp; Green">
Walter, Conston, Alexander &amp; Green

Walter, Conston, Alexander & Green, P.C. was a mid-sized full service New York-based law firm that existed from 1843-2001 when it merged with Atlanta-based Alston & Bird to launch the New York office of that national firm. The firm was formed with the merger of Walter, Conston & Schurtman established in 1955 by Otto Walter and Alexander & Green, an old-line firm established in 1843.
History.
Alexander & Green was the launchpad for three former law clerks who went on to establish Simpson Thacher & Bartlett in 1884. Henry Alexander of legacy firm Alexander & Green represented Samuel Clemens in a contract dispute. It was a white shoe firm that was one of the first of such historically Protestant institutions to accept Catholic attorneys and graduates from non-Ivy League law schools in the 1920s. Walter, Conston & Schurtman was a firm with an international orientation. Otto Walter was a German-born Jew who was prohibited from practicing law in Germany upon graduation due to Nazi restrictions. He fled to the United States and studied law at New York Law School. In the post-World War II years, Walter assisted in German-American reconciliation as an adviser to the German Ministry of Finance on various taxation and legal issues. Later his law firm went on to establish a strong German, Austrian and Swiss practice with a roster of bluechip German clients including Bertelsmann and Beiersdorf. It also had special expertise in e-commerce law, pharmaceutical, intellectual property, and telecommunications. The firm numbered some 54 attorneys in its New York headquarters and branch offices in Darien, CT and Munich, Germany.
For a short time subsequent to the merger with Alston & Bird, in an attempt to preserve some of the name recognition of the well-regarded Walter, Conston firm, the New York office operated under the moniker "Walter, Conston, Alexander & Green, the New York Office of Alston & Bird." Since the 2001 merger, many of the attorneys that practiced in the international area during the Walter, Conston era have left the firm.

</doc>
<doc id="19393334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393334" title="Battle of Dyrrhachium (1018)">
Battle of Dyrrhachium (1018)

The Battle of Dyrrhachium in February 1018 was a part of the Byzantine-Bulgarian Wars. It happened as the Bulgarian tsar Ivan Vladislav tried to establish his power on the southeastern coast of the Adriatic Sea. He led an army against Dyrrhachium (present-day Durrës, in Albania) and besieged it, but was killed during a counterattack of the city’s defenders. 
This was the final battle of the centuries long struggle between the First Bulgarian Empire and Byzantium. Within months after Vladislav’s death most of his realm was subjugated by the Byzantine emperor Basil II, with the last independent region (Sirmium) subdued in 1019.
Historical background.
After the battle of Kleidion and the death of tsar Samuil in 1014 the Bulgarian state was destabilized by internal turmoil. In the year that followed, tsar Gavril Radomir, Samuel’s son and heir, was killed by his cousin, Ivan Vladislav, at the instigation of the Byzantine emperor. The new Bulgarian ruler negotiated a brief peace as he promised to submit to Basil II in return for the control over Dyrrhachium. Neither side kept its promises and the war broke out again in the autumn of 1015. While Vladislav attacked Dyrrhachium, Basil II captured his capital Ohrid, but later, as a result of the Battle of Bitola, was forced to abandon it. 
The war continued for two more years without a decisive outcome. In 1017 Basil defeated the Bulgarians at Setina, near Edessa, but failed to exploit his victory and returned to Constantinople. Vladislav used this to launch another assault against Dyrrhachium, which was defended by the strategus Nicetas Pegonites. In the battle that ensued after a sortie of the garrison the Bulgarian tsar was killed and his troops were forced to retreat.
This event prompted the majority of the Bulgarian nobles (boyars) to surrender to Basil. The isolated resistance was suppressed and Bulgaria became a Byzantine province.

</doc>
<doc id="19393351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393351" title="Follow the Crowd">
Follow the Crowd

Follow the Crowd may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19393358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393358" title="Nicole Dubuc">
Nicole Dubuc

Nicole Dubuc (born November 6, 1978) is an American writer, perhaps best known for her work on the Transformers franchise, and as an actress on "Major Dad".
Biography.
As a child actress, Dubuc had a recurring role as Bertha on the television series "Our House", and a guest appearance on the television series "ALF".
Dubuc starred in the popular sitcom "Major Dad", playing the character Robin Cooper-MacGillis. She appeared in all 96 episodes during the show's run between 1989 and 1993.
Dubuc worked as a child actress for eleven years, including ADR (background voices) for the movies "Prince of Tides", and "Searching for Bobby Fischer". She continues to act as an adult, and voiced Iris West-Allen in the Young Justice cartoon.
After attending Yale University and graduating pre-med with a degree in English, Dubuc got her first work as an apprentice staff writer on the hit Disney series, "Kim Possible".
She followed that up with many other television and feature writing credits, including Jackie Chan Adventures, W.I.T.C.H., The Spectacular Spider-Man, and "Tak and the Power of Juju". She was the story editor and writer on the Disney series, "My Friends Tigger & Pooh". She co-created "" with Brian Hohlfeld and Jeff Kline, and served as story editor and writer on the series.
She is the first woman to write for a "Flash" comic for DC, with her short story appearing in the Flash Annual 2 of the new 52.
Dubuc was recently elected as a trustee and secretary of The Animation Guild, I.A.T.S.E. Local 839.
Awards.
Dubuc was nominated for an Emmy Award in 2005, 2006, and 2007 for "Outstanding Children's Animated Program" for writing work on "Todd World", and for an Emmy Award in 2011 for "Outstanding Writing in Animation" for "".
As a child actress, she won a Clio award for the Select/On TV commercial, "Buffy's Bedtime."

</doc>
<doc id="19393384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393384" title="Overnight Angels">
Overnight Angels

Overnight Angels is the third solo album by Ian Hunter. 
After the poor sales of his previous album, Hunter's apparent aim for this record was to re-emphasize faster songs with more of a rock feel, and he recruited the well-regarded Roy Thomas Baker to produce. However, the album received mixed reviews, and Columbia Records refused to release it in the U.S., according to Hunter because he had just fired his manager. Columbia reportedly told Hunter they would release it once he had a manager and tour in place to support the album. The release didn't occur however as Hunter left the label but the album did become available as an import when Hunter's next album became a minor hit. Hunter later disavowed the album and described it as a "mistake".
Hunter later went on record as stating he disliked the album because he felt the album was forced and, in particular, his vocals which he felt he sang in too high a register. 
The song "England Rocks" (originally a non-album B-side) would become one of his best-known songs, retitled "Cleveland Rocks" on Hunter's next tour, and re-recorded with the new title for his next album.
Joe Elliott's Down 'n' Outz covered the songs "Golden Opportunity", "Overnight Angels" and "England Rocks" on their 2010 album "My ReGeneration".
Tracklisting.
All songs written by Ian Hunter except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="19393395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393395" title="EGO Game">
EGO Game

EGO, is a social networking game owned and operated by Punch Entertainment, Inc.. Aimed at teens and older, EGO is a browser-based virtual world where players create super-avatars that have attributes, feelings and emotions which are developed through interactions with other players. Players "EGOs" can participate in various games with each other, and can chat and socialize in various parts of the EGO world. Each player has a customizable room which can be decorated with static and interactive items.
The service began in 2008.
History.
EGO initially started as a social game for mobile phones. It was quickly developed into a social game that could be played on mobile phones, the Web and social networking sites such as Facebook. IGN Wireless called EGO "an effective hybrid of the Nintendo Mii channel and the MySpace/Facebook phenomenon."
In September 2008 the first two club games were launched on EGOCity.com. These clubs were "EGO Fighting Championship", a multiplayer fighting game, and "EGO Love Lounge", a dating & chat game. Later in 2008, two additional clubs were launched: "EGO Hangman", a brain teaser thinking challenge, and "EGO Texas Hold 'Em", an avatar variation of the popular casino poker game.
Gameplay.
Each player has a customizable room. These rooms can be decorated with furniture, pets, panoramic views and mini-games. The rooms also feature journals where other players can post comments and leave messages. In addition to playing on mobile phones, players can play and experience an expanded world at the game's website. The game's currency are Tokens, also known as Coins in other websites. In-game tokens can be purchased using a variety of different services, such as credit card, a telephone service and via SMS. Players can also earn merits which can also be used to purchase goods within the EGO world. Goods are either purchased with tokens or merits, but can never be purchased by both.
Community.
EGO is home to a wide community of people all around the world. Most people in EGO are there to meet new people. People can chat, send messages and play games together at various points in the world. Players can also form buddy lists and join groups. 
The main focus of the EGO world are the Clubs, which are games that EGOs can play with other players. The initial clubs are EGO Texas Hold 'Em, EGO Fighting Championship, EGO Hangman and EGO Love Lounge. Players can earn "merits" in the clubs which can then be used to buy items for their EGO avatar or customize their room.
Games.
The EGO Club games consist of;
Moderation and management.
EGO is constantly monitored by Punch employees who ensure the safety of the community. Players can use an automatic profanity filter to filter out bad language.
EGO Community Experts.
"EGO Community Experts" are users who volunteer to welcome newer users to EGO City and explain its features. They are not employees of Punch and have no powers or abilities. Community experts receive tokens and direct access to Punch employees. They are also a source of feedback to improve EGO features.

</doc>
<doc id="19393419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393419" title="Timothy Joseph Lyne">
Timothy Joseph Lyne

Timothy Joseph Lyne (March 21, 1919 – September 25, 2013) was an American Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.
Lyne was born in Chicago, Illinois, on March 21, 1919. He attended Resurrection and Saint Mel grade schools, and then Quigley Preparatory Seminary. He then studied the requisite undergraduate Philosophy and graduate Theology coursework at the University of Saint Mary of the Lake/Mundelein Seminary, receiving a Master of Arts (M.A.) Degree in History, and an S.T.L. (Licentiate in Sacred Theology). Then, he was ordained a priest by the then-Cardinal Archbishop of Chicago, Cardinal Samuel Alphonsus Stritch, in Chicago, Illinois, on May 1, 1943.
He was appointed to the Archdiocese of Chicago as an Auxiliary Bishop (having served as Rector of the Chicago Archdiocese's Holy Name Cathedral), as well as Titular Bishop of Vamalla on October 31, 1983, and ordained a Bishop on December 13, 1983, by Joseph Cardinal Bernardin, then the Archbishop of Chicago, serving as Principal Consecrator. The Principal Co-Consecrators were then-Auxiliary Bishops of Chicago, Alfred Leo Abramowicz (Titular Bishop of Pesto), and Nevin William Hayes, O. Carm. (Titular Bishop of Nova Sinna). He selected as his episcopal motto: "Grace, mercy, and peace." (the first three words of Saint Paul's epistle to Saint Timothy, his patron saint. Lyne retired from his post as Episcopal Vicar for Vicariate II (1983-1995) and Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago (1983-1995) on January 24, 1995, when his resignation was accepted by the then-Pope John Paul II, who had appointed him as a Bishop.
He served all of the six Chicago Cardinals in more than 70 years as a priest and almost 30 as a Bishop, five of them in his capacity as an ordained cleric. He caddied for Cardinal George Mundelein as a seminarian. He was entrusted with sensitive tasks by Cardinal Stritch while doing parish work, continuing to serve in parish work under his successor, Cardinal Albert Gregory Meyer. He served as Parochial Vicar, or Associate Pastor, at Saint Mary's Parish, in Riverside, Illinois, from his priestly ordination in 1943 until 1962, then as Parochial Vicar at Saint Edmund Parish, in Oak Park, Illinois, from 1962 to 1966, and then at Holy Name Cathedral in Chicago, where he was named as Parochial Vicar by Cardinal Meyer's successor, the late Cardinal John Cody, serving from 1966 to 1967. Then Cardinal Cody named him Pastor there in 1967, a post he filled until 1990, even while serving as Auxiliary Bishop and Vicar for Vicariate II, after his consecration by Cardinal Bernardin. He gave valuable advice and loyal service to all of these Archbishops of Chicago for many years, including to the incumbent, Cardinal Francis George.
Lyne, though he had been in relatively fragile health, died suddenly and unexpectedly, but from what is believed to be natural causes, in his sleep, on September 25, 2013, at the age of 94, at his residence, 730 North Wabash Street, in the Bishop Lyne Rectory, at Chicago's Holy Name Cathedral where he also kept an office. At the time of his death, he was one of the oldest living retired United States Catholic Bishops and had been serving, despite his retirement as Auxiliary Bishop, as Episcopal Vicar for Senior Priests, a post he had held since 1988. Visitation for Lyne will take place on September 29 and 30, 2013 at Holy Name Cathedral in Chicago. Interment will be at Mount Carmel Cemetery, in Hillside, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19393425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393425" title="Jhoome Jiiya Re">
Jhoome Jiiya Re

Jhoome Jiiya Re is a Hindi television serial that aired on Zee Next channel on the day the channel was launched on December 11, 2007. The series went off air on September 4, 2008 when it was announced that Zee Next was shutting down due to not meeting standards to the market. Jhoome Jiiya Re was shifted onto Zee TV in its afternoon slot. The show was relaunched on Zee TV channel on September 8, 2008. 
Plot.
The story revolves around the life of an ordinary girl named Jia (nicknamed as Dabboo) who goes through rough times to fight for her destiny. She wants to prove in the society in spite of repeated failures. She loves her family and wants to make her family name proud in the society. She believes that her passion for life is dance; therefore, to achieve her motives, she auditions for an academy name 'RAD'.She is selected but not as a dancer but as a clerk. There, she befriends apoorva.

</doc>
<doc id="19393437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393437" title="Beryl Wayne Sprinkel">
Beryl Wayne Sprinkel

Beryl Wayne Sprinkel (November 20, 1923 – August 22, 2009) was a member of the Executive Office of the US President and chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors (CEA) between April 4, 1985 and January 21, 1989, during the Reagan administration. 
Raised on a farm near Richmond, Missouri, Sprinkel was a member of the 41st Armored Division, which led the attack that penetrated and defeated the German offensive near Celles, Belgium, in the Battle of the Bulge during World War II.
Death.
Sprinkel died on August 22, 2009, aged 85, from Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome in a nursing and rehabilitation center in Beecher, Illinois. He was survived by his wife, Lory, a son, two stepchildren and five grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19393483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393483" title="Luz Elena González">
Luz Elena González

Luz Elena González de la Torre (; better known as Luz Elena, born August 22, 1974 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican actress. She is known for her roles in soap operas and for having won the contest Nuestra Belleza Jalisco.
Professional life.
Luz Elena started her career by competing in the contest Nuestra Belleza Jalisco, which she won and therefore passed directly to the national contest; Nuestra Belleza Mexico 1994, taking third place.
In 1997, she co-hosted with Jorge Ortiz de Pinedo the night variety entertainment program "Al ritmo de la noche"
That fact introduced her into an active T.V. participation. She will star as the antagonist in Emilio Larrosa's telenovela: "Libre para amarte".
Personal life.
She is married to Bernardo Martínez. González has had a son Santiago, and a daughter María José.

</doc>
<doc id="19393501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393501" title="No Earthly Connection">
No Earthly Connection

No Earthly Connection is a 1976 progressive rock concept album by Rick Wakeman. It was recorded in France for tax purposes.
The LP record's sleeve attributes the album to Rick Wakeman and the English Rock Ensemble. In addition to Wakeman with his wide variety of keyboard instruments, including harpsichords, Mellotrons, Moog synthesizers, organs, and pianos, musicians on the album are vocalist Ashley Holt, Roger Newell (bass guitar and vocals), John Dunsterville (guitars, mandolin, and vocals), Tony Fernandez (drums and percussion), Martyn Shields (trumpet, French horn, and vocals), and Reg Brooks (trombone and vocals). 
The original LP release contained a small square sheet of reflective plastic that could be curved into a cylinder, which when placed on the front cover allowed the viewer to see the cover drawing undistorted and with a 3D-like effect. A barely noticeable thin colourful arc on the cover (see picture) appeared then as a rainbow keyboard about to be played by Wakeman's hands, in consonance with the album's theme of a creation myth based on music.
The album is currently out of print in Europe and the USA, but a remastered CD release is available in Japan and one is forthcoming in the States. There are currently no plans for an official CD reissue in the rest of the world.
The original art was created by Chris Moore at Moore Morris
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Rick Wakeman.

</doc>
<doc id="19393517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393517" title="Psychalgia">
Psychalgia

Psychalgia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19393540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393540" title="Kolli">
Kolli

Kolli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19393574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393574" title="Delias argenthona">
Delias argenthona

The Scarlet Jezebel or Northern Jezebel ("Delias argenthona") is a medium sized butterfly of the Family Pieridae found in Australia. Its caterpillars feed on mistletoe. 

</doc>
<doc id="19393595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393595" title="Simon Overland">
Simon Overland

Simon Overland APM (born 19 March 1962) is the Tasmanian Justice Department Secretary and a former Chief Commissioner of Victoria Police in Australia. He previously worked with the Australian Federal Police and then with Victoria Police focusing on Melbourne's gangland wars. On 2 March 2009 he was named by the Premier, John Brumby, as Victoria Police Chief Commissioner. He resigned from this position on 16 June 2011 after intense public pressure from critics who questioned his performance.
Early life and education.
Born in Murray Bridge, South Australia, Overland was raised in Canberra and gained qualifications from the University of Canberra (Diploma of Legal Studies) and the Australian National University (Bachelor of Laws, first class honours).
Career in law enforcement.
With an honours degree in law and arts, he began his career in the Australian Federal Police (AFP), where he worked in the taskforce which investigated the murder of AFP Assistant Commissioner Colin Winchester. He served about 19 years with the AFP; during this time he was selected by Australia's police commissioners to lead the Implementation Team that created the Australian Crime Commission in January 2003.
In January 2003, Overland was appointed Assistant Commissioner (Crime) with Victoria Police and led the Purana Taskforce on organised crime which is credited with a prominent role in bringing an end to the Melbourne gangland wars in the world of organised crime, which resulted in convictions and lengthy jail terms for underworld figures Carl Williams and Tony Mokbel.
He was the public face of Victoria Police's campaign against organised crime in Victoria and often appeared in the media speaking about the issue. He lamented that the gangland wars have appeared to desensitise the public to violence and was critical of people in the general public who took the view that we were well rid of criminals murdered in the ongoing feuds. He also insisted that criminal figures are still human beings with the right to a fair trial and who should not be murdered any more than should general members of the public.
In mid-2006 he took the position of Deputy Commissioner in Victoria Police.
He was promoted to Chief Commissioner, replacing Christine Nixon, on 2 March 2009.
He faced criticism in 2011 over failings in a police computer system, which did not alert front-line officers to the parolee status of various criminals they interacted with, allowing the parolees to kill six people. He resigned from the position on 16 June 2011.
Crime statistics controversy.
Currently there is an ongoing Ombudsman investigation into allegations that Overland willingly aided in selectively releasing crime statistics to help make the former Labor-based Brumby government appear more favourable to voters when law and order was considered a major political issue.
At present the Ombudsman, George Brouwer, is investigating the interaction between the former government and senior police figures ahead of the release of the crime statistics on 28 October 2010. Even though the Ombudsman’s report is still incomplete, it is expected to be critical of the relationship between the Brumby government and police force.
Overland resigned on 16 June 2011, a few hours after the release of a report from the Ombudsman, which criticised the 'misleading' crime statistics he published. It was revealed that he had had a discussion the previous night with the Police Minister, Peter Ryan, who indicated to him that, if he were to resign, his resignation would be accepted. The Deputy Commissioner, Ken Lay, became acting Chief Commissioner, and by the end of 2011 officially Chief Commissioner.
Qualifications and other achievements.
Overland holds the degree of Bachelor of Arts in Administration and Graduate Diploma in Legal Studies from the University of Canberra; and the degree of Bachelor of Laws (LL.B) with first-class honours from the Australian National University.
He is a Fellow of the Institute of Public Administration in Australia and a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. He was awarded the Australian Police Medal in the Australia Day Honours in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19393622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393622" title="Shades of Blue (Ben E. King album)">
Shades of Blue (Ben E. King album)

Shades of Blue was released in 1993 and is the 18th album released by Ben E. King. 

</doc>
<doc id="19393641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393641" title="The O2 (Dublin)">
The O2 (Dublin)

The O2 (stylised as The O2) is a 14,500-capacity amphitheatre located at North Wall Quay in the Dublin Docklands in Dublin, Ireland, which opened on 16 December 2008. The O2 was built on the site of the former Point Theatre, a smaller music venue which operated from 1988–2007, retaining only some of the outer facade. Its 14,500 capacity makes it the largest indoor arena in Ireland.
The venue is owned by Live Nation. 
In 2011, The O2 was named as the fifth busiest arena in the world with ticket sales of 670,000 putting it behind The O2 London, The Manchester Arena, Antwerp's Sportpaleis and Melbourne's Rod Laver Arena.
Naming.
Following its closure in 2007, the site underwent major redevelopment and was renamed after the telecommunication brand, O2, similar to The O2 in London. In 2008 O2 paid €25 million for the naming rights for 10 years. As part of the deal, O2 customers could purchase "Priority Tickets" up to 48 hours before being released to the general public as well as other privileges at the venue such as fast-track entry and access to exclusive bars.
With the sale of mobile network operator O2 Ireland to rival 3 Ireland in June 2013, it was suggested by 3's CEO during an interview with Newstalk radio station that the naming of the theatre would change with the brand change to 3 Ireland. Proposed names included:
Structure and design.
The arena has a capacity of over 14,500 (standing) or 9,500 (seated). Retractable seating may be withdrawn to create space for 8,000 standing in front of the stage, with the remainder seated. The furthest seat is 60 metres from the stage, 20 metres closer than in The Point. This was achieved by arranging the seats around the stage in a gigantic "fan" formation which the architects likened to the Colosseum of Rome. There are no corporate boxes inside the venue. The backstage area has a "substantial" loading bay for trucks.
Alcohol will only be available in a high-security area of the venue in an effort to curb under-age drinking. Prior to re-development, the seating capacity was 6,300 or 8,500 standing.
Events.
Mike Adamson (CEO of The O2 & Live Nation Ireland) claimed that Irish fans had been short-changed when attending major events in the previous venue due to size restrictions. "It wasn't always possible to get every show touring in Europe into the venue because of restrictions. It is now. Some shows couldn't fit. For example, George Michael could only stage three-quarters of his production in the Point. We're up there now with other venues in Europe." Developer Harry Crosbie said that the Point had had a "grungy" feel "which suited Dublin at the time". He claimed that The O2 would be a "stunning venue" created for a more "sophisticated" audience.
Notable/historic performances.
U2 were the first band to play in the venue, when Bono and The Edge performed "Van Diemen's Land" and "Desire" to a private audience.
The first event to take place at the arena was the ChildLine Concert on 16 December 2008.
There was a controversial Guns N' Roses show in September 2010 during which the band had arrived a substantial amount of time late then had bottles hurled at them and stopped performing. Most of the audience then left the building in disgust, but the band later returned to finish the show.
Music Events.
On 29–30 May, 3–4 June & 22–23 November 2009 Beyonce performed for a record breaking 75,000 people as part of her I Am... World Tour. She also played at the venue for her The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour on 11–12 May 2013 and is set to return on March 8, 9, 11 & 12 2014. Muse performed two sold out shows in the venue on 6 November 2009 and 3 November 2012 as part of their The Resistance Tour and The 2nd Law World Tour. On 20 and 21 February, and again on 26, 27 and 29 October 2010, Lady Gaga brought her world tour, The Monster Ball Tour, to The O2 and she is set to bring her massively anticipated to The O2 on Friday October 17 2014. The O2 has also hosted many theatrical events including Aida, Britain's Got Talent Live Tour, The X Factor Live Tour. As well as Saltimbanco & Quidam events by Cirque du Soleil. Jeff Wayne's Musical Version of The War of the Worlds has also taken place at the venue. Cesar Millan also performed at the O2.British dance group and Britain's Got Talent Winners Diversity and Michael Flatley will also perform towards the end of 2010. Strictly Come Dancing will play at the venue in 2011. Batman Live, the worldwide arena tour has also been confirmed for 2011. Rush performed on 12 May 2011 during their Time Machine World Tour. The cast of Glee performed live at The O2 during summer 2011. Also the Star for all Season Britney Spears performed there live during October 2011, in support of her seventh studio album, Femme Fatale.
On 27 March 2011 American singer/songwriter Taylor Swift performed at The O2 for her first time as part of her Speak Now World Tour
American singer/songwriter, P!nk performed at The O2 for the first time on the 19 and 20 April 2009 and 14 and 15 October 2009 on her Funhouse Tour. She is set to perform at the arena again on 12 April 2013 on her The Truth About Love Tour. On 2 September 2013 American rock band Paramore played the first date of the Paratour, (The Self-Titled Tour) debuting many new songs from their fourth successful album.
Comedy events.
Comedians who have performed at The O2 include The Mighty Boosh, Lee Evans, Peter Kay, Frankie Boyle, and Ricky Gervais. Also Bill Bailey recorded his show "Dandelion Mind" at The O2 over 2 nights in Sept/Oct 2010. Alan Carr and Michael McIntyre have been announced for October 2011 and November 2012 respectively.
Transport.
Patrons are advised to use public transport to get to the venue. Parking services for the nearby Point Village are suggested.
In addition to the ferry services and shuttle buses noted on the venue's web site, Dublin Bus number 151 provides a scheduled public service to the venue. A LUAS light rail extension from the Red Line to the square in front of the venue opened on 8 December 2009, and links the DART train services at Connolly Station to the venue.
The public Dublin Bus airport service, bus route 747, provides a direct, non-stop from Dublin Airport and takes about 20 minutes.
Due to the high volume of pedestrian traffic leaving the venue after concerts, extensive traffic restrictions are put in place along the North Wall Quay after such events, which can cause both the North Wall Quay and the East-Link (Dublin) toll bridge to be restricted for vehicular traffic by the Garda Síochána.
The Luas Red Line extension to "the Point" opened on 8 December 2009 to coincide with a performance by Lily Allen.
In addition, those travelling to the O2 from Dublin Airport can avail of either
the public Dublin Bus route 747, or
the Greystones or Dalkey Aircoach services that stop outside the venue,
whilst several other private operators also call at the venue.
The Point
Public bus services are provided from various locations around Ireland by Kelly Travel, mostly from Limerick, Tipperary, Cork and Galway.
Licenses are granted by the National Transport Authority.
www.kellytravel.ie

</doc>
<doc id="19393647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393647" title="Akron-Canton">
Akron-Canton

Akron-Canton refers to a region in Northeast Ohio that consists of the Akron and the Canton areas.
It is commonly referred to as the "Akron-Canton" region because of the Akron-Canton Regional Airport, and a number of other local businesses and organizations which serve both cities. (Examples: [http://www.akroncantonama.org/) The region spans two Ohio counties, Stark and Summit counties.
Map Location:[http://maps.live.com/default.aspx?v=2&FORM=LMLTCC&cp=40.946454~-81.464653&style=h&lvl=11&tilt=-90&dir=0&alt=-1000&phx=0&phy=0&phscl=1&encType=1]
Akron is in Summit County and it is as high in elevation as the West Virginian Mountains. Akron is also the Rubber Capital of the World and Goodyear is currently building their brand new world headquarters in 2012. Akron is also home of the Soap Box Derby, the inspiration for the movie "25 Hill".

</doc>
<doc id="19393673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393673" title="Hovhannes Tcholakian">
Hovhannes Tcholakian

Hovhannes Tcholakian (born 12 April 1919) is a Turkish-born Armenian Archbishop of the Armenian Catholic Church. As of 2013, he is the oldest serving bishop in the Catholic Church.
Tcholakian was born in Istanbul, Turkey and ordained a priest in Istanbul on 25 April 1943. He was appointed bishop on 23 May 1966 and confirmed on 16 January 1967. As of 2009, he holds the position of Archbishop of Istanbul and, at the age of , he is the oldest known living bishop still serving a religious position in the church.

</doc>
<doc id="19393692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393692" title="Frank Flood">
Frank Flood

Francis Xavier Flood (June 1901 – March 14, 1921), known as Frank, was a 1st Lieutenant in the Dublin Active Service Brigade during the Irish War of Independence. He was executed by the British authorities in Mountjoy Jail and was one of the men commonly referred to as The Forgotten Ten.
Background.
Flood was the son of a policeman and the 1911 census lists the family living at 15 Emmet Street. He was one of eight brothers, most of whom were heavily involved in the Independence movement. He attended secondary school in O'Connell Schools, Dublin and won a scholarship to study engineering at University College Dublin where he was an active member of UCD's famous debating forum, the Literary and Historical Society. He passed his first and second year engineering exams with distinction. At the time of his arrest he was living with his family at 30 Summerhill Parade, Dublin.
Trial and execution.
He was captured, together with Thomas Bryan, Patrick Doyle, Bernard Ryan and Dermot O'Sullivan while attacking a lorry-load of Dublin Metropolitan Police at Drumcondra on January 21, 1921. All of the men were found in possession of arms and a grenade was discovered in Flood's pocket. On February 24, 1921, Flood was charged by Court-martial, with high treason/levying war against the King, and was one of six men executed by hanging on March 14, 1921 in Mountjoy Jail, Dublin. At nineteen years of age, he was the youngest of the six.
Legacy and re-interment.
Flood was a close personal friend of Kevin Barry, and asked that he be buried as close as possible to him. He had taken part in the September 1920 ambush during which Barry had been arrested and had been involved in the planning of several aborted attempts to rescue him. Flood would remain buried at Mountjoy Prison, together with nine other executed members of the Irish Republican Army known as The Forgotten Ten, until he was given a state funeral and reburied at Glasnevin Cemetery on October 14, 2001 after an intense campaign led by the National Graves Association.
Students of University College Dublin established the Frank Flood Shield, an annual debating competition, in his memory. Flood and the other five men executed on 14 March 1921 are commemorated in Thomas MacGreevy's poem "The Six who were Hanged".

</doc>
<doc id="19393719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393719" title="Follow the Crowd (song)">
Follow the Crowd (song)

Follow the Crowd is a song composed by Irving Berlin for the 1914 musical "The Queen of the Movies".

</doc>
<doc id="19393726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393726" title="Jack Kibble">
Jack Kibble

John Westly Kibble (January 2, 1892 – December 13, 1969) nicknamed "Happy", was a Major League Baseball player for the Cleveland Naps in . He played five games (four at third base), going 0-for-8 at the plate. His only time on base was a hit by pitch.

</doc>
<doc id="19393768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393768" title="Papilio anactus">
Papilio anactus

Papilio anactus, commonly known as the Dainty Swallowtail, Dingy Swallowtail or Small Citrus Butterfly is a medium sized butterfly from the family Papilionidae, that is endemic to Australia.
For protection against predators, this non-poisonous butterfly mimics the poisonous male "Cressida cressida", another swallowtail butterfly that obtains its toxic properties through its hostplant, the Dutchman's Pipe.
Distribution.
"Papilio anactus" is endemic to Australia, It originally came from New South Wales, Victoria and Queensland, but the growing of Citrus orchards has caused the species to spread to South Australia in the late 1920s. "Papilio anactus" is not present on Kangaroo Island or Western Australia where there are currently insufficient citrus trees.
Its occurrence on New Caledonia is due to either an introduction, or as vagrants.
Life cycle.
Ovum.
The eggs are large, light yellow, roughly spherical. The eggs change to an orange color when the larvae are almost ready to emerge. 
Females only lay eggs on the newly grown leaves of the hostplant. They are laid at the edge of larger leaves, either above and beneath. The larvae develop inside the egg immediately after being laid. Eggs normally hatch in approximately 3–4 days but sometimes less depending on how late or early they're laid. The eggs are prone to small predators that eat the contents of the egg, and are also commonly parasitised by small wasps. Sometimes unfertilised eggs are laid.
Larva.
The first instar is dark, with two rows of short, bristly spines. The anterior parts have broad yellowish bands, black head, with some short hairs, the first three instars retain this. Later instars have a white upside-down V mark on the front which becomes most visible in the last instar. The fleshy spines also become less bristly in later instars, and towards the last instar is almost absent. After emergence the immature larva eats the egg shell, before moving on to eat new leaf shoots. Later instars eat fully developed new leaves, but not usually matured leaves. In warm areas the larvae go through five instars, and larvae in cold areas can have six instars before developing to a pupa.
Mature larvae are about 35mm long, generally black, with two subdorsal rows of fleshy black spines, and sublateral and lateral rows of large orange or yellow blotches, and numerous small, light blue and white spots. The strength of yellow can vary, and some larvae can be a strong yellow or pale. The amount of orange can also vary, and it can be absent. There are subdorsal blue dots on the anterior part of the larva. The head is large, black, with a white upside-down V mark on the front.
When disturbed, the larvae can erect a reddish-orange coloured, osmeterium from behind the head which releases a citrus-like smell of rotting oranges. This smell acts as a repellant to predators. The larvae attempt to throw their heads either backwards or sideways if a predator attacks because It is more effective if the chemical hits the predator. The secretion is usually composed of an irritant butyric acid. The osmeterium is exists in all stages of the larvae.
Pupa.
Straight, approximately 30 mm long. The thorax becomes notably out-stretching forward. It is usually attached to the stems of the hostplant and almost always on the other side of the tree from where the larva was last feeding. The larva will sometimes leave the hostplant to pupate. The pupa is attached to the stem by a central silken girdle. It either moves back vertically or is held horizontally. The colour is dimorphic, being either green or grey-brown with other variable markings. The colour pattern mimics the stem that the pupa is attached so that it looks like a snapped extension of the stem. If the stem is green or is surrounded by leafs, then the color of the pupa is mostly green. The time-span of the pupa can vary. It can be two weeks in summer, or up to four weeks in autumn. Often those pupae formed in autumn will not become adults until the following spring, or even longer with diapause records of 1–2 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19393776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393776" title="The Quick Return">
The Quick Return

"The Quick Return" is an episode of the American television detective series "Hawaiian Eye".
Synopsis.
Shady millionaire investor Victor Shaw arrives in Honolulu to bid for a public works project. Reporters at the airport note that commission member Charles Germane is on hand to greet him. While explaining to columnist Roy Hondine his operating methods, Shaw is distracted by a typewritten death threat. Showing it to his public relations manager, Jerry Jackson, Shaw orders him to get police protection. Instead, Jackson hires old buddy Tracey Steele to guard his boss, and more importantly, a notebook on his dirty deals that Jackson uses as insurance to safeguard his own life.
Tracey Steele surprises Victor Shaw's secretary Celia Lewin in a passionate embrace with his right-hand man, George Nolen. Shaw wants Steele to find the notebook for him, but an intruder apparently has stolen it from the suite occupied by Jackson and his wife Alma. Steele suspects Nolen has stolen the notebook, and enlists Cricket and cabbie Kim to keep tabs on him. Kim drives Nolen to a rendezvous at a local church where he secretly weds Celia Lewin. Back at the Hawaiian Village Hotel, Shaw demands the notebook from Jackson, or else. 
At a luau that evening Shaw fires his three employees. Jackson disappears on a bender, but Shaw also leaves the party. He is later found murdered, with Jackson as a prime suspect. Commissioner Germane tells Tracey Steele that he wrote the phony death threat to scare Shaw away from Honolulu, but it backfired. Meanwhile, Nolen and his new wife take over the Shaw empire by telephone. Steele locates Jackson in a flophouse, and with his help lures the real killer into the open.
Musical interlude.
All the Warner Brothers detective shows of the late 1950s and early 1960s had one or more musical interludes written into the teleplay. For this episode, Connie Stevens sang "Softly, As in an Evening Sunset" with the Shell Bar band accompanying her.
Episode notes.
This episode introduced minor recurring character Roy Hondine, a columnist with the fictional "Honolulu Post". It also had Cricket explain to receptionist Greta why the Hawaiian Eye detectives kiss their own hands and plant them on the Tiki statue in the firm's lobby as they enter or exit, a gesture repeated in every episode of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="19393778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393778" title="Thomas Danneberg">
Thomas Danneberg

Thomas Danneberg (born June 2, 1942) is a German actor and voice-actor. He is best known as Charles Emerson in the 1967 Edgar Wallace film "The Blue Hand" and for dubbing over the actors Arnold Schwarzenegger, Terence Hill, Sylvester Stallone, John Cleese, Dan Aykroyd, Adriano Celentano, Nick Nolte, John Travolta, Michael York, Rutger Hauer and Dennis Quaid.
He has also collaborated with the German trance/techno-band E Nomine on a number of their albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19393788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393788" title="Malibu Country Mart">
Malibu Country Mart

The Malibu Country Mart (also the Country Mart or MCM) is a large outdoor lifestyle center or "boutique mall" located in the heart of Malibu at the Civic Center of Malibu, California. The center features a popular public playground, outdoor dining and picnic area, unique sculptures and public art, multiple restaurant options, free Wi-Fi, and on-site parking.
Description.
The Malibu Country Mart encompasses of land in the heart of the Malibu Civic Center and comprises approximately of high-end retail, dining, and service providers. Its buildings are a mix of architectural styles, displaying Spanish, Mediterranean, modern, and rustic influences. Other features of the property include unique gardens and sculptures, outdoor dining and picnic areas, and a children's playground.
Because of its high end retailers, the Malibu Country Mart has been a destination for the famous and the well-heeled who inhabit the beachfront property west of Los Angeles. The Malibu Civic Center area is the primary local gathering place, known for being frequented by locals and visitors, alike. Some reports suggest that the area has also become an increasingly popular venue for paparazzi.
Limited development and high demand continue to lead to rising real estate prices, and in turn lead to a market in which each successive generations of property buyers is typically wealthier than the one that preceded them. These demographic trends help to explain both a burgeoning market for luxury goods and a diminishing market for prosaic and practical homegoods. Some in Malibu are said to express concern that there will be a "multitude of places to buy a $200 t-shirt, but no place to buy a hammer or a nail."
Location.
The Malibu Country Mart is located one block off the Pacific Coast Highway in the heart of the Malibu Civic Center, minutes away from Pepperdine University, Malibu High School (MHS), and the Malibu Pier. 
The property is approximately 20 minutes from West Los Angeles, the City of Santa Monica, the San Fernando Valley, and the Conejo Valley.
Ownership.
The property was purchased in 1986 by Koss Companies, now known as Koss Real Estate Investments.
Malibu Legacy Park Project.
Directly adjacent to the Malibu Country Mart is a currently vacant, plot of land formerly owned by billionaire media tycoon and Colony resident Jerry Perenchio and sold to the City of Malibu in 2005 with strict deed restrictions prohibiting any commercial use.
Current plans for the site involve the development of a state-of-the-art park that is said to work as an "environmental cleaning machine", reducing pollution impacts in Malibu Creek, Malibu Lagoon, and the world-famous Surfrider Beach while simultaneously improving water quality, restoring a native riparian habitat, and preserving open space. The project will be linked by a "linear park" to the neighboring Surfrider Beach, Malibu Pier, Malibu Lagoon, and Malibu Bluffs Park.
Between Cross Creek Road and Webb Way east to west, and between Civic Center Way and PCH north to south, it has been the site of the annual Labor Day Weekend Chili Cook-Off festival since 1982.
Tenants.
The Malibu Country Mart has 67 merchants encompassing a variety of upscale boutiques, restaurants, spa services, and art galleries. Many new tenants have signed leases at the Malibu Country Mart in recent years. 
Retailers can expect to pay between $17 and $22 per square foot per month at the center, on average. Reportedly, James Perse earns some $3.5 million in yearly gross sales, upscale eatery Nobu earns $5.5 million per year, and women’s clothing and accessory boutique Madison earns $4 million a year.
Dining.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19393811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393811" title="Ladislas Ignace de Bercheny">
Ladislas Ignace de Bercheny

Ladislas Ignace de Bercheny () (August 3, 1689 in Eperjes, Hungary (now in Slovakia) - January 9, 1778 in Luzancy, France) was a Hungary-born soldier who became Marshal of France.
Life.
Ladislas Ignace de Bercheny was born in 1689, the son of the Hungarian noble Bercsényi Miklós who was a friend of Francis II Rákóczi. Count Bercheny started his military career, as all well bred Hungarian nobles did at that time, in the "Chavallerie Hongroise". The French army in the early 18th century was in dire need of the dashing Hungarian light cavalrymen that were sweeping through Europe. In 1720, Count Bercheny, an exiled Hungarian noble in Turkey, was given permission by Louis XIV to raise a regiment of hussards under his name. As an exiled Hungarian noble in Turkey, the First Hussards, as well as the traditions of all Napoleonic Hussards were born.
Count Bercheny was promoted to the rank of general for his heroism in the War of the Polish Succession where the Bercheny Hussards, as well as the other famous Hungarian hussar regiments, gained a lasting reputation. During the War of the Austrian Succession, it was the Bercheny Hussards that covered the retreat of the French Army from Bohemia.
Recognition.
His splendid service and use of light cavalry during this campaign earned him the title of Inspector General of the Hussars under Louis XV. Finally in 1756 and at 67 years of age, Count Bercheny became a Marshal of France. 
He died in 1778 after firmly establishing the Hussars as an independent arm of the French cavalry.
Trivia.
The Hungarian military special forces, "34th László Bercsényi Special Operations Battalion", is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19393828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393828" title="Stadium of Domitian">
Stadium of Domitian

The Stadium of Domitian (), also known as the "Circus Agonalis", was located to the north of the Campus Martius in Rome, Italy. The Stadium was commissioned around 80 AD by the Emperor Titus Flavius Domitianus as a gift to the people of Rome, and was used mostly for athletic contests.
History.
Construction and design.
The Stadium of Domitian was dedicated in 86 AD, as part of an Imperial building programme at the Field of Mars, following the damage or destruction of most of its buildings by fire in 79 AD. It was Rome's first permanent venue for competitive athletics. It was patterned after the Greek model and seated approximately 15,000 - 20,000 – a smaller, more appropriate venue for foot-races than the Circus Maximus. The substructures and support frames were made of brick and concrete – a robust, fire-retardant and relatively cheap material – clad in marble. Stylistically, the Stadium facades would have resembled those of the Colliseum; its floor plan followed the same elongated, U-shape as the Circus Maximus, though on a much smaller scale. Various modern estimates judge the arena length at approximately 200 – 250 metres, the height of its outer perimeter benches at 100 feet above ground level and its inner perimeter benches at 15 feet above the arena floor. This arrangement offered a clear view from most seats. The typically Greek layout gave the Stadium its Latinised Greek name, "in agones" (the place or site of the competitions). The flattened end was sealed by two vertically staggered entrance galleries and the perimeter was arcaded beneath the seating levels, with travertine pilasters between its "cavea" (enclosures). The formation of a continuous arena trackway by a raised "spina" or strip has been conjectured. 
The Stadium of Domitian was the northernmost of an impressive series of public buildings on the Campus Martius. To its south stood the smaller and more intimate Odeon of Domitian, used for recitals, song and orations. The southernmost end of the Campus was dominated by the Theater of Pompey, restored by Domitian during the same rebuilding program.
Uses.
The Stadium was used almost entirely for athletic contests. For "a few years", following fire-damage to the Colosseum in 217 AD, it was used for gladiator shows. According to the Historia Augusta's garish account of the Emperor Elagabalus, the arcades were used as brothels and the emperor Severus Alexander funded his restoration of the Stadium partly with tax-revenue from the latter. In Christian martyr-legend, St Agnes was put to death there during the reign of the emperor Diocletian, in or near one of its arcades. With the economic and political crises of the later Imperial and post-Imperial eras the Stadium seems to have fallen out of its former use; the arcades provided living quarters for the poor and the arena a meeting place. It may have been densely populated: "With the decline of the city after the barbarian invasions, the rapidly dwindling population gradually abandoned the surrounding hills and was concentrated in the campus Martius, which contained the main part of Rome until the new developments in the nineteenth century." Substantial portions of the structure survived into the Renaissance era, when they were mined and robbed for building materials.
Legacy.
The Piazza Navona sits over the interior arena of the Stadium. The sweep of buildings that embrace the Piazza incorporate the Stadium's original lower arcades. They include the most recent rebuilding of the Church of Sant'Agnese in Agone, first founded in the ninth century at the traditional place of St. Agnes' martyrdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19393845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393845" title="AMJ Campbell Shorty Jenkins Classic">
AMJ Campbell Shorty Jenkins Classic

The AMJ Campbell Shorty Jenkins Classic (formerly known as the M&M Meat Shops Shorty Jenkins Classic, CIBC Trust Shorty Jenkins Classic and just the Shorty Jenkins Classic) is an annual curling tournament, held in September in Brockville. It is one of the first curling tournaments of the World Curling Tour season. The tournament is held in honour of the famous ice-maker, Shorty Jenkins. The purse for the men's event is $40,700 and $16,400 for the women's. 

</doc>
<doc id="19393847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393847" title="Mike Hosking">
Mike Hosking

Mike Hosking (c. 1965- ) is a New Zealand television and radio journalist and presenter. He currently works as the weekly Breakfast host on radio station Newstalk ZB.
He has lived and worked as a broadcaster in Wellington, Christchurch and currently, Auckland.
Career.
Hosking's early career was in radio, working on the Radio New Zealand commercial network in the early 1990s hosting The Tonight Show with a talkback format. He then went on to co-host Morning Report on National Radio with Geoff Robinson. Hosking first joined TVNZ in 1997, when it began its "Breakfast" show. He was then axed from the show in 2004. He made his return to television in 2008 when he filled in on TVNZ's "Close Up" programme. He was then offered the position of hosting game show "Who wants to be a Millionaire?", which began in September 2008 on TV ONE. In 2014, he and Toni Street joined Jesse Mulligan on the Seven Sharp panel.
Personal life.
Hosking is married to fellow broadcaster Kate Hawkesby, his second wife, and together they have five children.
In 2013, he was the master of ceremonies at Prime Minister John Key's state of the nation speech, which he also endorsed.

</doc>
<doc id="19393850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393850" title="Marlene Sanders">
Marlene Sanders

Marlene Sanders (born January 10, 1931) is an American female pioneer in broadcasting.
Early life and education.
Sanders grew up in a Jewish family in Shaker Heights, Ohio. Her family was relatively secular, only attending a Reform temple occasionally, but well aware of ongoing issues affecting the Jewish community such as discrimination. Although the school she attended was socially segregated by religion, she participated in activities that were mixed such as theater and synchronized swimming. As career options were limited at the time, Sanders moved to New York City to purse a theater career.
Career.
In 1955, after failing to land steady work in theater, she accepted a low-level job in television news, working for Ted Yates, the producer for Mike Wallace of CBS. She eventually became associate producer of the show and after Wallace left, became a coproducer. This was an unprecedented achievement as women were typically relegated to performing solely administrative functions in the newsroom.
Her career progressed from thereon. Sanders is credited with helping to break down the barriers women faced in broadcasting at the time: Sanders was the first woman to cover the Vietnam war from the field; the first woman anchor of a nightly newscast for a major network; and eventually the first woman vice president of the ABC News division.
Sanders later became an Emmy Award–winning correspondent, writer, producer and broadcast-news executive.
Personal life.
She was married to television producer Jerome Toobin, who died in 1984. They had one child, Jeffrey Toobin, lawyer, author, and CNN legal analyst.

</doc>
<doc id="19393875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393875" title="Trade Union Sport Palace">
Trade Union Sport Palace

Trade Union Sport Palace is an indoor sporting arena located in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia. The capacity of the arena is 5,500 after the repair in 2007. It is the home arena of the Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod ice hockey team of the Kontinental Hockey League. The arena replaced Konovalenko Sports Palace as the home of the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19393888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393888" title="Lebed XII">
Lebed XII

__NOTOC__
The Lebed XII was a Russian military reconnaissance aircraft produced during the First World War for the Imperial Russian Air Force. It was one of the few domestically designed aircraft to see production in Russia during the war, but was based on designs and techniques learned from Lebed's rebuilding of captured German types. The fuselage was a plywood structure of rectangular cross-section with seating for the pilot and observer in tandem, open cockpits. The wings were built around a pine spar and covered in fabric, and the empennage (tail assembly) was of welded steel tube with fabric covering. 
Development.
Test flights commenced on 28 December 1915, but were interrupted by bad weather in St Petersburg, where the Lebed factory was located. Testing was therefore moved to Kiev, and then to the Anatra factory at Odessa on 11-15 February 1916. Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich ordered 400 aircraft on February 23, but the final contract on 19 April was for 225 aircraft, 245 sets of spare parts and 10 static airframes for a total of 5,153,500 rubles. 
Before production began, a number of handling difficulties noted by the test pilots were being corrected in the design, along with a new set of problems caused by a change in powerplant. The prototypes had been flown with 97 kW (130 hp) engines, but the production contract called mostly for 112 kW (150 hp) engines, plus some machines equipped with 104 kW (140 hp) engines for training. 
These heavier powerplants shifted the aircraft's centre of gravity, and the mountings for the engine and cooling system had to be revised before a final round of tests began in October. Serial production finally commenced in November and delivery to squadrons soon afterwards. 
The Lebed XII started appearing on the front line in quantity in early 1917, but problems quickly became apparent. In particular, a number of engine fires and crashes due to structural defects led to deliveries of the type being suspended by mid-year while an investigation was held. Army test pilots concluded that the version with the more powerful engine was unfit for frontline service, and recommended that it be relegated to training use only, while the lower-power version was regarded as not even fit for training. Lebed disputed the findings, blaming the poor results on the inexperience of the test pilots and on poor weather while the tests were conducted. The Army therefore held a second inquiry. On 2 October 1917, this panel concluded that the type was obsolete and unfit for service, recommending that production be halted and the type withdrawn altogether. However, due to a shortage of aircraft, production continued into 1918, and eventually 214 of the original order were delivered.
Operational history.
The Lebed XII saw limited frontline service in the North and North-western parts of the front with Germany, equipping four air divisions of the 38th Corps, 5th Army. Aircraft delivered in the second half of 1917 went mostly to training units, however. These included the Imperial aviation school, the Gatchinskoy military flying school, the Odessa flying school, Kiev school for pilots and observers and the flying school of the Caucasus. Over 50 were supplied to the Navy's school of air combat in Krasnoye Selo alone.

</doc>
<doc id="19393912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393912" title="Alexippus">
Alexippus

Alexippus (Ancient Greek: ) was an ancient Greek physician who was mentioned by Plutarch as having received a letter from Alexander the Great himself, to thank him for having cured one of his officers, a man named Peucestas, of a wound incurred during a bear hunt probably around 327 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="19393918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393918" title="Ice Hockey Center 2004">
Ice Hockey Center 2004

Ice Hockey Center 2004 is an indoor sporting arena located in Chekhov, Russia. The capacity of the arena is 3,300 (originally 1,370 until 2008), making it the smallest arena in the Kontinental Hockey League. It is the home arena of the Vityaz Chekhov ice hockey team of the Kontinental Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="19393921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393921" title="Manuel Arvizu">
Manuel Arvizu

Manuel Arvizu O.F.M. (April 13, 1919 – November 6, 2009) was a Mexican Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church
Arvizu was born in Etzatlán, Mexico and ordained on June 24, 1945 from the religious order of Order of Friars Minor. He was appointed Prelature of Jesús María del Naya on May 24, 1962 along with Titular Bishop of Dusa and was ordained a bishop on August 15, 1962. Arvizu resigned as Titular bishop of Dusa in 1978 and resigned from Prelature of Jesús María del Naya on June 27, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19393933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393933" title="Esfenvalerate">
Esfenvalerate

Esfenvalerate is a synthetic pyrethroid insecticide marketed under the brand Asana. It is the ("S")-enantiomer of fenvalerate.
In the United States, a limit of .05 ppm of the chemical's residue is permissible in food.

</doc>
<doc id="19393938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393938" title="You're Never Alone with a Schizophrenic">
You're Never Alone with a Schizophrenic

"You're Never Alone with a Schizophrenic" is the fourth solo album by Ian Hunter. The album features members of Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band as the backing band. It is considered by many to be Hunter's best recording. 
The title was dreamed up by co-producer Mick Ronson which he had planned for one of his solo albums. Hunter loved the title so much that he offered Ronson co-writing credit on the first single "Just Another Night" in exchange for the use of the title for the album. "Just Another Night" reached the Billboard Hot 100 No. 68. The album became one of Hunter's biggest sellers at the time. Later, singer Barry Manilow covered the song "Ships" which became a top ten hit. 
In 2009 EMI released a 30th anniversary reissue of the album remastered with 5 bonus tracks on the first disc of outtakes and a second disc of live tracks recorded on the tour to support the album but previously unreleased. The reissue also came with a deluxe booklet discussing the making the album along with vintage and new interviews with Hunter. 
The song "Cleveland Rocks" (originally recorded as a single for Columbia Records and entitled "England Rocks" around the time of "Overnight Angels") later became a hit when The Presidents of the United States re-recorded the song as the theme song to "The Drew Carey Show", raising Hunter's profile and prompting the release of the album on CD.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Ian Hunter except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19393962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393962" title="Utricularia babui">
Utricularia babui

Utricularia babui is a perennial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus "Utricularia". It is native to India and had only been collected from the Kolhapur district at the time of its description in 2005. "U. babui" grows as a terrestrial plant in and near small streams in open forests at altitudes from to . Specimens of "U. babui" were previously mistaken for "U. graminifolia". It was originally described and published by Shrirang Ramchandra Yadav, M. M. Sardesai, and S. P. Gaikwad in 2005.
A study of the "Utricularia" of Thailand published in 2010 found "U. babui" in Chiang Mai Province, northern Thailand. The authors found the plants at an altitude of on wet rock faces among mosses.

</doc>
<doc id="19393965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393965" title="Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre pistol">
Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre pistol

Men's 50 metre pistol (then known as "free pistol") was one of the thirteen shooting events at the 1992 Summer Olympics. Kanstantsin Lukashyk, a 16-year-old Belarusian, unexpectedly had the pre-final lead. The final became severely interrupted by a pistol malfunction, originally assumed to be a technical fault in the electronic target system, for Tanyu Kiryakov who was second but had to leave the competition short of finishing his ten shots. Lukashyk needed a nine for his last shot, and it broke only seconds before the 75-second deadline, but was a nine indeed, and so the sensation was a fact. Wang Yifu won the silver medal and Ragnar Skanåker, 42 years older than the gold medalist, came third, winning his fourth Olympic medal in this event.
Qualification round.
Q Qualified for final
Final.
DNF Did not finish

</doc>
<doc id="19393989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19393989" title="Minsk Sports Palace">
Minsk Sports Palace

Minsk Sports Palace is an indoor sports arena, located in Minsk, Belarus. The arena seats 4,842 spectators and opened in 1966.
It hosts various indoor events and used to serve as the home of HC Dynamo Minsk, of the KHL, before Minsk-Arena was completed. It also hosted Miss Supranational 2013 on September 6.
History.
Draft National Sports Palace was designed by a team of the institute "Belgosproekt" in the main architect Filimonov SD, architect Malyshev, VN and chief engineer of the project Korzhevsky VV Construction lasted from September 1963 to May 1966. Feature of the project was the asymmetrical arrangement of spectators in the stands stationary and the scene on the opposite side of the playground. This decision, coupled with the use of prefabricated grandstands in the pit, allowing to transform the arena into a concert hall. The project became a model and was re-implemented in Chelyabinsk, Dnepropetrovsk, Volgograd, and Vilnius. In 1984, the Palace of sports included in the list of historical and cultural monuments of the BSSR.
In the 1960 - 1980 at the Palais des Sports were the largest Republican events, as well as allied championships and international tournaments in wrestling, fencing, boxing, weightlifting, rhythmic and artistic gymnastics and other sports. It conducted its matches in the championship hockey club of the Union Dynamo and handball SKA. Moreover, the Palace were the biggest concerts and Republican Party meetings.
In 1990 the Palace premises were leased, in the arena were exhibition events, and sporting events had taken place. In 2001-2004 was carried out stepwise reconstruction of the Palace of Sports: updated building facades, replace refrigeration, lighting and sound equipment, installed air conditioning system, replaced by seats for spectators, installed a new electronic bulletin board.
Description Arena.
Large Arena.
Main arena of the Palace of Sport is a universal sport and entertainment room with a hockey box sizes 61x30 meters, which is a few hours transforms into a venue for other sporting event or concert. In this case falls covering protecting ice from melting and the infiltration of cold outside, where the team set the scene, pavement, or laid parquet.
Total capacity of the stands is as follows: in the sporty version - 3,311 visitors (including the main grandstand - 3074 seats, small podium - 237 seats), in concert version - 4,500 spectators.
In addition to the main arena of the Palace has a fitness room, gym / fitness facilities, 4 dressing rooms, domestic, administrative, technological and other facilities that provide vital functions of the building. In the main lobby of the Palace of sports are 6 closets for spectators, 2 hockey store ammunition, and on the ground floor - the club "Overtime".
Small Arena.
In 1999, on-site open area behind the Sports Palace was built indoor training arena. In addition to the hockey box (61x30 m) and stands for 300 spectators, there is a light board, referees, utility rooms for players, coaching rooms, a sports gym, a room for medical equipment and technological facilities that ensure the functioning of the building. Small Sports Palace arena is used mainly as a platform for training sessions for hockey and figure skating.

</doc>
<doc id="19394006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394006" title="Ignatius P. Lobo">
Ignatius P. Lobo

Ignatius P. Lobo (27 April 1919 – 17 February 2010) was an Indian prelate of the Catholic Church. As of 2009, he was one of oldest Roman Catholic Bishops from India.
Lobo was born in Siolim, India and ordained priest 21 December 1947. He was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Belgaum on 26 September 1967 and retired from same diocese on 1 December 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19394037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394037" title="Samuel Fisher (clergyman)">
Samuel Fisher (clergyman)

Samuel Fisher (June 30, 1777 – 1856) was an American clergyman and educator.
His father, serving in the Continental Army at Morristown, New Jersey, died of disease just before his birth. His mother was living at the time with her brother-in-law, Dr. Samuel Ware, in Sunderland, Massachusetts. He lived for a few years with his mother in Dedham, Massachusetts and in 1782 went to Conway, to live with his uncle, Dr. Ware, who had adopted him, and where he remained till he went to college. He studied at Williams College, graduating in 1799.
He taught school in Conway and then became head of Deerfield Academy in 1800. He was next a tutor at Williams College from 1801 to 1803, meanwhile studying divinity. He met his future wife Alice Cogswell in 1802 and they married in 1805. Her cousin of the same name was the inspiration for the founding of the first school for the deaf in the United States. Fisher and his wife had six children. She died in 1850.
He received a license to preach from the Berkshire Association in 1804 and was ordained as a pastor in Wilton, Connecticut. A series of pastorates in New York and New Jersey followed. Meanwhile, Fisher received a doctorate in divinity from Princeton University in 1827.
He became embroiled in the Old School-New School Controversy that divided the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America. He was elected the first moderator of the New School General Assembly at Philadelphia in 1838.
He died on December 27, 1856 in Succasunna, New Jersey and was buried New Year's Day, 1857 in Paterson, New Jersey
His son, Samuel Ware Fisher, would become president of Hamilton College.

</doc>
<doc id="19394039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394039" title="Jerome Toobin">
Jerome Toobin

Jerome Toobin (1919-January 22, 1984) was a television producer. 
Early life and education.
Toobin was born in Philadelphia and graduated from Temple University in 1943. He served in the United States Army Air Forces.
Career.
He was Bill Moyers’ producer, including as the first executive producer of "Bill Moyers Journal" on PBS in the 1970s, and at CBS. He was also director of news and public affairs for New York's Channel 13 (WNET), starting from 1974. 
Personal life and death.
He was married to Marlene Sanders for 25 years and is the father of Jeffrey Toobin, lawyer, author, and CNN legal analyst.
Toobin died of a heart attack in 1984 at age 64.

</doc>
<doc id="19394087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394087" title="United States Handball Association">
United States Handball Association

The United States Handball Association (USHA) is the national governing body for American handball in the United States, a game played mostly in that country. The organization is a 501 (c) 3 not-for-profit corporation which promotes the game and governs its rules.
Among the organization's specific activities are the sponsorship of tournaments, both amateur and professional, the publication of "Handball Magazine", and the sponsorship and management of the Handball Hall of Fame in Tucson, Arizona.
The USHA was founded in 1951 by Bob Kendler of Chicago. In 1982, the national headquarters moved to Tucson. A board of directors runs the organization. The current president of the USHA is Mike Steele.
In 2008, the organization reported having 8,500 members. Some members such as champion player Albert Apuzzi of Coney Island have helped run tournaments.
Leading players.
The associations Hall of Fame is run to designate and honor top handball players from various times and in the different varieties of the game.
Among the 38 players in the U.S. Handball Association Hall of Fame are Albert Apuzzi, Fred Lewis, Joe Platak, Paul Haber, Johnny Sloan, Oscar Obert, Rosemary Bellini, Vic Hershkowitz, Al Banuet, Al Torres, Naty “El Gato” Alvarado Sr., and Jim Jacobs.

</doc>
<doc id="19394098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394098" title="All the Way (Eddie Vedder song)">
All the Way (Eddie Vedder song)

"All the Way" (also known as "(Someday We'll Go) All the Way" and referred to as "Go All the Way") is a song written and performed by Evanston, Illinois native and Pearl Jam vocalist Eddie Vedder about the Chicago Cubs. It was first performed in public on August 2, 2007, recorded on August 21, 2008 and August 22, 2008, and released as a single on September 18, 2008.
The Cubs franchise last won the World Series in 1908, and Vedder has been a lifelong Cubs fan. The song, which fondly looks forward to the Cubs' next World Series victory, was written with the encouragement of certain Chicago Cubs, most notably Ernie Banks. The song was first performed in Chicago and was recorded over two nights in 2008 at the end Vedder's first solo tour.
Origin and recording.
Although Pearl Jam vocalist Eddie Vedder, who was raised in Evanston, Illinois and later San Diego County, California, is closely associated with grunge music, he has been a lifelong Chicago Cubs fan. He has performed the song "Take Me Out to the Ball Game" during the seventh-inning stretch at several Cubs games and thrown out the ceremonial first pitch at Wrigley Field. His first seventh-inning stretch performance had been on Independence Day (July 4) 1998.
Vedder has attended the Cubs fantasy camp for several years. While attending the camp one year, former Cubs shortstop and first baseman Ernie Banks requested that Vedder write a song about the Cubs. Vedder wrote "All the Way" the night before the camp started and first performed it at Pearl Jam's August 2, 2007 concert at The Vic Theatre in Chicago with Cubs pitcher Kerry Wood and other Cubs players in attendance. On August 3, 2007, one day after "All the Way" was premiered live, Vedder performed "Take Me Out to the Ball Game" during the seventh-inning stretch at Wrigley Field for the fourth time and threw out the first pitch for the first time. Vedder's band, Pearl Jam, was in Chicago that week to perform at Lollapalooza, where the band was the headlining act for the three-day festival that ended on August 5, 2007.
The version of "All the Way" heard on the commercial single release is mixed from recordings of the August 21, 2008 and August 22, 2008 solo performances of the song by Vedder at the Auditorium Theatre in Chicago. Vedder performed at the Auditorium Theatre on August 21 and August 22, 2008 on a three-week extension of his solo tour that began in Boston, Massachusetts at the Boston Opera House (1980) and ended in Chicago. The solo tour had originally begun in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada at The Centre on April 2, 2008. This tour was Vedder's first solo tour.
Lyrics.
The 3:39 song is in the folk music genre, and it is perceived as a sing-along sea chantey or drinking song. The lyrics to the song include lines such as "Our heroes wear pinstripes/Pinstripes in blue/Give us a chance to feel like heroes, too." The song makes references to Ernie Banks, Wrigley Field, and a specific reference to Banks' catch phrase of "Let's play two!" The refrain includes the phrase "Someday we'll go all the way, Yeah, someday we'll go all the way," which anticipates the day the Cubs win the World Series, gives the song its name.
Release and reception.
On September 18, 2008, "All the Way" was made available for digital download via Pearl Jam's official website for US$0.99. On approximately September 30, 2008, a CD single version was made available for purchase at select stores in the Chicago area. A souvenir 45 single format version is also a possibility. The digital download and CD single have been released with an associated single cover art image that is a modified version of the Wrigley Field outfield wall.
Philip K. Wrigley had employee Bill Veeck, Jr. add ivy to the outfield walls of Wrigley Field in September 1937. Wrigley Field is the home stadium for the Chicago Cubs, and its wall is well known for being covered in ivy except for a few select places where signs are present as well as doors to locker rooms and such. The brick is visible under the ivy at the stadium in locations where the signs designate the distance from the wall to home plate measured in feet. The cover art image replaces the distance with the words "All the Way".
By the time of the single release, local Chicago radio stations and sports bars had begun to play the song in anticipation of the 2008 Cubs' playoff run. The song is considered to be an earnest tribute to the Cubs. According to at least one source, the song is reminiscent of "A Hard Rain's a-Gonna Fall" by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan and much less upbeat than the song "Go, Cubs, Go" by American folk music singer-songwriter Steve Goodman. The Huffington Post encourages listeners to compare the song to Goodman's "Go, Cubs, Go". Another source compares the song to American country-folk singer-songwriter John Prine's 1974 song "Dear Abby" in terms of melody and cadence as well as the theme of Goodman's "A Dying Cubs Fan’s Last Request".
At The Smashing Pumpkins' November 20, 2008 concert at the Chicago Theatre, frontman Billy Corgan criticized Vedder and the song. Corgan stated, "If the Cubs did have a chance this last year that just passed, fuckin’ Eddie Vedder killed that shit dead. Last I checked Eddie ain’t living here, okay? Eddie ain’t living here to write a song about my fuckin’ team."

</doc>
<doc id="19394134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394134" title="Anthropos yia oles tis doulies">
Anthropos yia oles tis doulies

Anthropos yia oles tis doulies (Greek: Άνθρωπος για όλες τις δουλειές) is a 1966 Greek film directed by Giorgos Konstantinou, written by Giorgos Konstantinou and Hristos Kyriakos and a production of Roussopuloi Company.
Plot.
Giorgos Gasparatos, son of the shipowner captain Manolis with his father and resided with family use. He encounter from the waiter and tried to change his live with his right. He believe he can become rich working under the stress and the loneliness of the powerful.
Contribution to music.
The film's soundtrack contains pioneer performances in the Greek jazz music scene. In 2002 the archived music played in the film was digitized using the original mastertapes.

</doc>
<doc id="19394154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394154" title="Havilah (album)">
Havilah (album)

Havilah is the fifth studio album by Australian band The Drones, released in September 2008 (Australia) and February 2009 (UK, USA) by ATP Recordings. The title of the album is a biblical reference to a Shangri-La-esque town (Havilah) with an abundance of gold. It is also the name of a valley near where the album was recorded. The album debuted at #47 on the Australian album charts. 
The album was recorded at the mud-brick home of lead singer Gareth Liddiard and his partner/band bassist Fiona Kitschin, outside Myrtleford (at the base of Victoria’s Mount Buffalo). "It's like a little world unto itself in the forest. It's a beautiful place. You can't always find a good spot to record, but if you can find a house like this that's a bonus." - Liddiard"It was a great place to write and record. We were literally in the middle of a sub-alpine forest. We had no electricity, just diesel generators. It’d be just about the only record made on a diesel budget." - Liddiard
Dan Luscombe, the lead guitarist for The Drones had this to say about the albums title. 
"Havilah is the name of the town where we recorded the album…our nearest neighbour was 4km away". In fact, this Victorian town was once a gold rush town populated with thousands of people just before the turn of the 20th century. It is now fitted out with about 30 people, and on this note, touches of Australian history are filling this album before we have even heard it." 
To shake up his songwriting, Liddiard was reading four books at once, and using internet packages to jumble words and create unimaginable phrases – a technique similar to the labour intensive ‘cut up’ techniques employed by writer William S. Burroughs and singer David Bowie in the pre-web era, where they cut up words on paper and jumbled them up.
“I made a conscious effort to put my head in the sand. “You start working, you have a coffee in the morning, and any self-doubt falls away" - Liddiard
The album was produced and engineered by Burke Reid (The Mess Hall, Gerling) who had to set up a mobile studio in the house, powered by a diesel engine.
The first single lifted off the album, "The Minotaur", was released as a digital single on 29 July 2008.
The album was nominated for the 2008 J Awards in the Album of the Year category.
Track listing.
All songs written by Gareth Liddiard

</doc>
<doc id="19394160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394160" title="Reuben Brown House">
Reuben Brown House

The Reuben Brown House is a colonial style house located in Concord, Massachusetts.
History.
Colonial era.
The house was built in 1725 by the town saddler, Rueben Brown. There is also a strong tradition that the house was the home of Peter Bulkeley, which is why the house is often referred to as the Peter Bulkeley / Reuben Brown House. The date contributed to Peter Bulkeley is 1667, which also marks the date of his marriage to Rebecca Wheeler. The evidence is still unclear whether or not the Bulkeley's did build the house some 300 years ago. What historians can conclude is that the house was either completely updated or built by Rueben Brown in 1725. Most of the house's present features where typical for houses from 1700 to 1730, which is why Reuben Brown is given the most of the credit for the house. Brown built the house to included a harness shop and a barn, for Brown was a saddler for the town. An original patriot, Brown equipped the Continental soldiers who fought in the Battles of Lexington and Concord in 1775. Brown was a captain of the Minutemen forces and because of his sympathies was on the British blacklist as one suspected of concealing munitions.
On the morning of April 19, 1775, the town was awoken by the town bell and a discharged gun to warn the townspeople the British were coming. Captain Brown, under the order of Major John Buttrick, galloped down Lexington road to report the news of the massacre in Lexington and the approach of the enemy. In all Brown rode more than 100 miles through the woods of the north shore to Boston and back to Concord. Captain Brown reported back to Major Buttrick as the Concord Minutemen prepared to face the British regulars. As the British marched into Concord it was Reuben Brown’s house they targeted first by looting his liveries and then by setting his barn on fire to prevent the minutemen from saddling up and retaliating. The fire was quickly extinguished and the barn and house survived the attack.
There is speculation that the first American flag was displayed during the Concord fight in Brown’s backyard. Also behind the house lies the historic ridge and stonewall used by the minutemen as they routed the British soldiers back to Boston. 
Civil War era.
After the war and into the 19th century the house still contained a saddle shop while the remainder of the house was rented to various families as living quarters. 
The Reuben Brown House has accommodated many famous concordians such as Ralph Waldo Emerson who was a good friend of Reuben Brown. Emerson’s growing popularity during the early to mid 19th century lead to large numbers of people stopping at his house only to gawk at him. Emerson became so frustrated and distracted by his fans he rented the upper stairs library at the Reuben Brown House to get away from them. Emerson rented the library for ten years. Henry David Thoreau writes in one of his journals about a giant yard sale at the Reuben Brown House held by Reuben’s son in the 1850s. Abolitionist John Brown once stayed as a guest in the house during his trip to Concord in 1857 and the Alcott family visited as well. 
Concord Antiquarian Society.
In 1886 Mr. Cummings E. Davis moved into the house with his unique collection of antiques and would exhibit his collection of local American furniture and other items for a price. During Mr. Cummings feeble years The Concord Antiquarian Society safeguarded his items and became possessor of the house. The Antiquarian Society utilized the house to display their collection of artifacts from American Revolution until 1930 when the Antiquarian Society moved their collection to the present Concord Museum in fear the Reuben Brown House might burn down and destroy there priceless artifacts.
Presumably the League of Women Voters had one of their first meetings in the house in the early 20th century. 
In the 1930s and 1940s the house was opened to the public as a tavern under the name "The Old Mill Dam" The restaurant was open every day of the year from noon till eight in the evening serving luncheon, tea, and dinner. Dinners were cooked over the historic brick oven for parties and holidays. The tavern was set to be in the revolution day and age.
E.B. White mentions the house in his 1939 essay collection titled "One Man’s Meat." 
The house has been used as a private residence since the conclusion of the tavern.

</doc>
<doc id="19394168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394168" title="Flor silvestre (film)">
Flor silvestre (film)

Flor silvestre ("Wildflower") is a 1943 Mexican film, directed by Emilio Fernández and starring Dolores del Río and Pedro Armendáriz. Is the first Mexican movie of Dolores del Río after her career in Silent and Golden Age's Hollywood films. It's the first movie of an extended collaboration between Fernández-Del Rio-Armendáriz, Gabriel Figueroa (cinematography) and Mauricio Magdaleno (writer). It also marked the debut of Emilia Guiú in a small role as an extra.
Plot.
Esperanza (Dolores del Río), a young and beautiful woman, narrates to her son her history across the Mexican Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="19394173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394173" title="India–United Kingdom relations">
India–United Kingdom relations

Indian–British relations are foreign relations between India and the United Kingdom. India has a high commission in London and two consulates-general in Birmingham and Edinburgh. The United Kingdom has a high commission in New Delhi and five deputy high commissions in Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Kolkata. Both countries are full members of the Commonwealth of Nations. Since 1947, relations between the two countries have been mostly friendly.
In India, English is one of the official languages, and Cricket is one of the most popular sport. In the UK, Indian Cuisine is hugely popular. Britain imports most of its tea from India, and there are a number of words of Indian origin in the English language. India is the third largest investor in the British economy.
The UK has an ethnic Indian population of over 1.6 million. Prime Minister David Cameron described Indian – British relations as the "New Special Relationship" in 2010.
History.
East India Company (1600–1857).
Trade was established between Tudor England and Mughal India in 1600 when the East India Company was founded, with Elizabeth I granting the company a royal charter. Following the Mughal Empire's decline in 1707, the East India Company began gaining greater influence in India. Following the Battle of Plassey in 1757, which led to the conquest of Bengal, the East India Company eventually conquered most of the Indian subcontinent by 1857, following various wars with Indian kingdoms (such as the Anglo-Mysore Wars with Tipu Sultan, the Anglo-Maratha Wars and the Anglo-Sikh wars). India served as the main base for the British Empire's expansion across Asia and would remain the empire's most important colony until independence. Also due to Company rule in India, a sizeable British community began emerging in India while a sizeable Indian community began emerging in Britain at the same time. Following the Indian rebellion of 1857, where Indian sepoys rebelled against their British officers, the East India Company collapsed the following year.
British Raj (1858–1947).
In 1858, the British Government assumed direct control of the territories and treaty arrangements of the former East India Company. In 1876, the area, which included modern India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh, became "The Indian Empire" (often known historically as the 'British Raj') with British Monarch Queen Victoria proclaimed as "Empress of India" (a title held by her successors until 1947). The British Indian Army was established and assisted Britain in many wars, including the Anglo-Afghan Wars, the Anglo-Gurkha Wars, the Anglo-Burmese Wars, the Opium Wars, and both the World Wars.
End of the British Raj.
The Indian independence movement was established and rebelled against British rule, both through violent revolutions (as exemplified by Sardar Bhagat Singh and Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose) and through nonviolent resistance (as exemplified by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi. India eventually achieved independence in 1947, leading to the Partition of India. India did not pursue or seek retribution for British rule.
Dominion of India (1947–1950).
Independence came in 1947 with the Partition of India into the Dominion of India, and the Dominion of Pakistan, within the Commonwealth of Nations. King George VI, who as British Monarch had been "Emperor of India", abandoned this title in 1947, and served as India's ceremonial head of state as 'King of India' (in much the same way, he also served as 'King of Pakistan'). In 1950 India became a Republic and the link with the British crown was severed.
The Dominion was part of the Sterling Area (the Republic of India finally leaving in 1966).
Republic of India (since 1950).
India decided to remain in the Commonwealth of Nations after becoming a Republic. Both Britain
and India have since pursued quite divergent diplomatic paths.
In particular, India became a major force within the Non-Aligned Movement, which initially sought to avoid taking sides during the Cold War. This contrasted with Britain's position as a founding member of NATO, and key ally of the United States.
However, relations between the two countries have generally been tolerable.
Due mainly to post independence immigration, there are now over a million people of Indian descent in the United Kingdom.
Economy.
India is the third largest foreign investor in the UK, and the UK is also a significant investor in India. There are many bilateral trade agreements between the two nations designed to strengthen ties. For example, in 2005, the Joint Economic and Trade Committee (JETCO) was inaugurated in New Delhi aimed at boosting two-way bilateral investments.'India Readiness Programme' for British companies keen to make their entry and expand into the Indian market was launched in London on July 30, 2013 .The UK India Business Council (UKIBC) has joined with AcceloratorIndia, to offer the unique service which covers research, business development and advisory support.
Defence.
Cooperation is undertaken under the Defence Consultative Group (DCG) formed in 1995. India and the UK cooperate in a number of ways. Joint Indo-UK exercise (a ten-day exercise Emerald Mercury was held in India in March 2005, the first of its kind between the two countries, which marked the biggest land deployment of British military personnel in India), research and technology and defence equipment collaboration.
Britain supports India’s case for permanent membership of the United Nations Security Council as well as bilateral cooperation in civilian nuclear technology.
The UK and India also cooperate on security and terrorism issues.
The UK was unable to win the Indian MRCA competition, in spite of a billion pound aid pledge that International Development Secretary Andrew Mitchell said was intended to help win the bid. India's former Finance Minister and current President of India, Pranab Mukherjee regards this aid as unnecessary and characterized it as "peanuts". Britain has decided to withdraw aid to India by 2015, against the wishes of Save the Children who point out that India accounts for a quarter of all global child deaths.
Political.
Politically, relations between India and the UK occur mostly through the multilateral organisations of which both are members, such as the Commonwealth of Nations, the World Trade Organisation and the Asian Development Bank.
Three Presidents of India have paid state visits to the United Kingdom: Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan in June 1963, Ramaswamy Venkataraman in October 1990, and Pratibha Patil in 2009.
HM Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom paid state visits to India in November 1963, April 1990, and in October 1997.
According to French diplomat Marc Fonbaustier, the relations between the two countries are key in the UK's geopolitical strategy in Asia because they share a base of common values. India is the hope for a Western style development based on democracy versus the Beijing consensus of state-guided growth.

</doc>
<doc id="19394179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394179" title="Aldo Mongiano">
Aldo Mongiano

Aldo Mongiano, IMC (born 1 November 1919) is an Italian-born Brazil-based bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Mongiano was born in Pontestura, Italy, and was ordained a priest on 3 June 1943, from the religious order of the Consolata Missionaries. 
Mongiano was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Roraima as well as Titular bishop of Nasai on 14 May 1975, and appointed bishop on 5 October 1975. 
He resigned as Titular bishop of Nasai and appointed bishop of Roraima on 4 December 1979. Mongiano retired from the Roraima Diocese on 26 June 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19394183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394183" title="Monster Rancher Battle Card Game">
Monster Rancher Battle Card Game

Gameplay.
Although the Monster Rancher series is known for the ability to import game content via CDs, Monster Rancher Battle Card GB has no equivalent functionality. Instead, the player takes a short "personality test" to determine his starting deck and then can win additional cards by defeating opponents as well as new monster cards by defeating dungeon bosses. While a code system is also in place, only a select few cards catering to a single monster along with some general support can be obtained through this method.
Each player's deck consists of three monster cards and an additional fifty attack/defense/support cards. Monster cards start in play, have HP, and a type (either ground or air). Attack are always specific to one monster breed, defense cards can be specific to one monster breed, and support cards. To use these cards, a player usually has to pay an activation cost in the form of a resource called "guts".
The actual card game with both players, each with their three monsters on the field, flipping a coin to determine which player has the choice of going first or second. Each player then draws five cards. A player's turn consists of (in the following order):
A) A draw phase: The active player draws until he has five cards in hand)
B) A general phase: The active player can attack or use support cards. At this time the defending player can use defense cards to counter an opponent's attack)
C) The discard phase: The active player can discard any number of cards from their hand. Those discarded cards become "guts", which can be used to pay for attacks.
A monster is killed when its HP reaches 0. A player loses when they have no monsters remaining or when they are unable to draw a card.
The game consists of a character traveling to dungeons to obtain sacred stones needed to generate new monster cards and fighting ranked battles to increase their level to unlock new dungeons. Each dungeon contains multiple randomly generated floors, invisible guardians that automatically challenge the player, normal NPCs that the player can challenge, and a boss. After achieving the maximum rank and completing all the dungeons, a new dungeon is discovered and after defeating its boss a player has the option of starting a new game+ during which his normal deck is locked until he reaches the final dungeon. There's no actual story or objectives beyond unlocking content.

</doc>
<doc id="19394186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394186" title="Hurricane Fausto (2002)">
Hurricane Fausto (2002)

Hurricane Fausto was a long-lived tropical cyclone that formed during the 2002 Pacific hurricane season. The eighth tropical cyclone and fifth named storm of the season, Fausto developed on August 21 from a tropical wave that had crossed the Atlantic, and entered the Pacific on August 17. Becoming a tropical depression, the system intensified, and quickly became Tropical Storm Fausto early on August 22. Fausto rapidly intensified, and was already a hurricane on that same day as becoming a tropical storm. Rapid intensification continued, and the tropical cyclone ultimately peaked as a strong Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. At that time, the winds 145 mph (230 km/h). Fausto began to gradually weaken after attaining peak intensity on August 24, and was eventually downgraded to a tropical storm two days later. Weakening continued, and Fausto degenerated into a remnant low on August 28 while well northeast of Hawaii. 
Passing north of the Hawaiian Islands, the remnants of the hurricane later began to revive, and had re-developed into a tropical depression on August 30. Additional re-intensification was not significant, although Fausto managed to become a tropical storm again on September 1. Remaining a minimal tropical storm, no further intensification occurred, and by September 3, Fausto was absorbed by a frontal system.
Origins.
The origins of Hurricane Fausto were from a tropical wave that emerged into the eastern Atlantic Ocean from the west coast of Africa on August 11. It crossed the Atlantic and Caribbean Sea uneventfully. The tropical wave ultimately entered the Eastern Pacific Basin on August 17. Rapidly organizing, the system was classified using the Dvorak technique at 1800 UTC on August 18. Although a broad closed circulation was present on August 19, the system became less organized and thus was not immediately classified as a tropical depression. 
Over the next two days, however, the system became much more organized. Early on August 21, the National Hurricane Center had initiated advisories on Tropical Depression Eight-E. After the existence of banding features was noted, the intensity was increased to 40 mph (65 km/h), indicating that the system had intensified into a tropical storm, which was named "Fausto" by the National Hurricane Center (NHC). Although no further strengthening initially occurred, Fausto began to intensify after a burst in convection early on August 22. Rapid deepening began to occur thereafter, and the NHC noted that Fausto exhibited a classic-type banding feature and also noted that the outflow was increasing. The large size and widespread convection closely resembled a system that would become a major hurricane, Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. The associated banding features began to wrap completely around the system, and evidence of a developing eye was seen via weather satellite. Simultaneously, satellite estimates made via the Dvorak technique indicated that intensity of Fausto was 75 mph (120 km/h), and as a result, the NHC upgraded it to a hurricane.
Intensification and peak intensity.
Although the eye feature became obscured and banding features appeared to be dissipating six hours after becoming a hurricane, the NHC predicted rapid intensification. As the eye became visible on satellite imagery early on August 23, winds increased to 100 mph (155 km/h), and Fausto became a Category 2 hurricane. Although the convective cloud tops had warmed slightly late that day, wind speeds continued to increase, and intensity estimates made at the University of Wisconsin were as high as 145 mph (230 km/h), though the National Hurricane Center was in agreement with estimates from all three Dvorak Technique agencies (the Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch (TAFB), the Satellite Analysis Branch (SAB), and the Air Force Weather Agency (AFWA)), which estimated winds at 115 mph (185 km/h). Based on this, Hurricane Fausto had intensified into a Category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.
The hurricane continued to intensify, although the NHC anticipated strengthening to cease, because the hurricane was expected to move into areas of colder sea surface temperatures. During this period, the winds of the system increasec Fausto became a Category 4 hurricane. Becoming a Category 4 hurricane, Fausto attained its peak intensity, with winds of 145 mph (230 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of 936 mbar (hPa; 27.64 inHg). After attaining peak intensity, the NHC again noted that it was very likely that Fausto attained its peak intensity, as it was nearing a region of sea surface temperatures less than 78°F (26°C).
Weakening and re-development.
Deep convection around the eyewall began to diminish, and Fausto then weakened to a Category 3 hurricane. After quickly dropping in strength to a Category 2 hurricane, Fausto weakened at nearly the same rate as it had intensified. Although Fausto held steady as a Category 2 hurricane for 18 hours, it then began to rapidly weaken back into a Category 1 hurricane, then a tropical storm six hours later early on August 26. Upon weakening into a tropical storm, Forecaster Miles Lawrence at NHC noted "...there is no longer any deep convection associated with its circulation...", although Fausto still remained a tropical cyclone. On August 27, the NHC issued its final advisory on Fausto, although not for dissipation, but rather that the storm crossed 140˚W, and had entered the area of responsibility for the Central Pacific Hurricane Center (CPHC). While post-storm analysis from the CPHC indicated that Fausto was a tropical storm upon emerging into the CPHC's area of responsibility (AOR), the storm was operationally classified as a tropical depression upon entering the AOR. With no deep convection remaining, the CPHC downgraded Fausto into a tropical depression at 0000 UTC August 28. Fausto degenerated into a remnant low while located over 800 mi (1287 km) north of Hilo, Hawaii on August 28 at 1200 UTC.
Although Fausto headed generally northwest while a tropical cyclone, it curved west-northwest after degenerating into a remnant low. Passing several hundred miles north of Hawaii, deep convection began to re-develop as the remnants of Fausto interacted with a tropical upper-tropospheric trough. By 1800 UTC on August 28, the low had enough deep convection to be reclassified as a tropical depression while located roughly 635 mi (1020 km) north of Oahu. No further re-intensification occurred for almost 48 hours, and then Fausto became a tropical storm again at 1800 UTC September 1. This regeneration at high latitude was attributed to a temperature anomaly with waters 3.4°F (1°C) above normal and a favorable upper-level atmospheric pattern. Although sea surface temperature anomalies are usually attributed to the development of an El Niño, the El Niño had no effect with atmospheric conditions. A mid-latitude cyclone approached Tropical Storm Fausto and caused the system to accelerate northward. The mid-latitude cyclone eventually absorbed Fausto, and the combined system reached the Aleutian Islands of Alaska shortly thereafter.
Hurricane Fausto's regeneration north of Hawaii was unusual but not unprecedented. The other time this happened since 1966 was in the 1975 season. That time, another TUTT absorbed the remnant of Hurricane Ilsa, which led to the formation of an unnamed hurricane at high latitude. Other tropical cyclones have strengthened north of Hawaii, but the actual formation of one is rare.
Impact.
Fausto did not have any effect on land, and only one ship named "Jo Lonn" reported minimal gales on August 24, and again the next day. No reports of damage or casualties were attributed to Fausto. The mid-latitude cyclone that absorbed Fausto passed over the Aleutian Islands. Impact from the remnants of Fausto in the Aleutian Islands or mainland Alaska is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="19394220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394220" title="Orange Park Christian Academy">
Orange Park Christian Academy

Orange Park Christian Academy (OPCA) was a private Christian school in Orange Park, Florida. It served students in kindergarten through grade 12 from 1981 to January 2008.
Future Use of Land.
In early 2009, a collaboration of distinguished alumni attempted to split the land upon which the Orange Park Christian Academy formerly sat into two adjacent tracts. One tract was to be developed into a "full service entertainment complex." The other was to become a "novelty store." The entrepreneurs expected heavy traffic at both of these businesses from the residents at the geriatric center next door and the people of the surrounding community. The development plan, however, has ground to a halt because of zoning issues at the planning department in Green Cove Springs.
History.
Orange Park Christian Academy opened in 1981, associated with the Orange Park Assembly of God church.
In December 2007, the school's impending closure was announced. The school officially closed on January 15, 2008.
Extracurricular activities.
The Orange Park Christian Lions competed in Florida High School Athletic Association-sanctioned competition until the 2007-08 school year. They were classified in the FHSAA as Section 1, Division 8. In their last year as an FHSAA member school, they fielded teams in boys' and girls' basketball, boys' soccer, and girls' volleyball.
For many years, Orange Park Christian Academy shared a heated rivalry with First Coast Christian School of Jacksonville, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19394246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394246" title="Hamburg Parliament">
Hamburg Parliament

The Hamburg Parliament (German: "Hamburgische Bürgerschaft") is the unicameral legislature of the German state of Hamburg according to the constitution of Hamburg. As of 2011 there were 121 members in the parliament, representing a relatively equal amount of constituencies. The parliament is situated in the city hall Hamburg Rathaus and part of the Government of Hamburg.
The parliament is among other things responsible for the law, the election of the "Erster Bürgermeister" (First Mayor) for the election period and the control of the Senate (cabinet).
The 121 members are elected in universal, direct, free, equal and secret elections every four years.
History.
Origins.
"Bürgerschaft" (literally citizenry) is a term in use since the Middle Ages to refer to the male inhabitants of Hamburg with citizenship. A committee of the landowning class within the city, called "Erbgesessene Bürgerschaft" (literally about citizenry seated on heritable plots), was formed out of this group in the 15th century to consult with the city's ruling councillors (Ratsherren; later called following the Roman example the "Senate of Hamburg" and senators), and to be consulted by them.
The city council, in early times supposedly elected by male citizens, had turned into an autocratic body restaffing its vacancies by coöptation. The system of coöptating seats was prone to corruption and it came to several major struggles in the following decades. The first relevant document organising power and tasks of citizenry and the city council (government), which was traditionally dominated by the local merchants, dates back to 1410 and is named "Erster Rezess" (roughly: The first Settlement, literally the agreement reached before parting recedere of the negotiating partners).
The Erster Rezess came about after the city council (Senate, no parliament but the government) had cited and arrested Heyne Brandes, a burgher of Hamburg. Brandes had claims due against John IV, Duke of Saxe-Lauenburg from a credit which Brandes had granted earlier. Brandes had taken the defaulting duke, during his visit in Hamburg in 1410, to task and dunned him in a way the duke considered insulting. The duke complained to the senate, which then interrogated Brandes. He admitted the dunning, and thus the senate arrested him. This caused a civic uproar of Hamburgers.
"In Hamburg as in other cities, the parishes … had been not only church districts but also municipal political districts since the Middle Ages. They … formed four incorporated bodies (Petri, Nikolai, Katharinen, Jacobi) in which the “allodial” (property-owning) burghers and the heads of guilds - thus only a fraction of the male population - were entitled to vote." The enfranchised citizens, grouped along their parishes, then elected from each of the then four parishes 12 representatives (deacons), the Council of the Forty-Eighters (die Achtundvierziger), who on Saint Lawrence Day (August 10) stipulated with the senate the Recess of 1410 (later called Erster Rezess).
The Erster Rezess is now considered Hamburg's oldest constitutional act, establishing first principles balancing the power of the government of the city-state and its citizens. The Erster Rezess established the principle that in Hamburg nobody may be arrested at the government's will but only after a prior judicial hearing and conviction (except of in flagrante delicto). Furthermore the Erster Rezess stipulated that the council (senate) has to synchronise with the citizens in all severe matters, such as war, contracts with foreign powers, or decisions as to levying new or raising higher taxes, by convoking the citizens in plenary assembly. The plenary assemblies met in front of the city hall. With an overall population of roughly 10,000 people and only a minority among the male adults enjoying citizenship, the plenary assemblies of the citizenry (the Bürgerschaft) formed a functioning body, though with restricted authority.
The Forty-Eighters persisted, serving as opinion-forming committee within the citizenry, and developed into the first permanent representation of the citizens of Hamburg. Further settlements (Rezesse) between senate and Bürgerschaft constituted the more formalised coöperation between them. "The Reformation brought with it a significant curtailment of the senate's governmental power." In Hamburg the Reformation started in 1524 and was adopted by the Senate in 1529, fixed by the "Langer Rezess" (roughly: Long Settlement, negotiated for more than a year). The Langer Rezess made the ruling council (senate) accountable to several civic committees, forming together the "Erbgesessene Bürgerschaft".
"At about the same time, three deacons from each parish (twelve altogether), acting as “chief elders”, took on the task of centralizing, administering, and uniformly distributing relief to the poor." The chief elders were also entitled to decide with the senate in all matters concerning the welfare and the concord of the city, and formed thus besides Bürgerschaft and senate the third constitutive body, however, excluded from government again by the new constitution of 1859. The Forty-Eighters, now called "Kollegium der Diakone" (collegial panel of the deacons) continued to exist and the plenary assembly of citizens was replaced by the Assembly of the 144 (Hundertvierundvierziger, or formally: "Kollegium der Diakone und Subdiakone"), comprising 36 representatives (12 deacons and 24 subdeacons) from each parish.
Later the parishioners of St. Michael's Church in the New Town, established as parish independent of St. Nicholas in 1647, were granted the same rights than the burghers in one of the four parishes in the Old Town, and the same number of representatives. "Beginning in 1685, there were thus fifteen chief elders: sixty deacons instead of forty-eight and 180 assembly members altogether, rather than 144. These structures existed into the nineteenth century, with each college recruiting new members from the next larger." This assembly of 180 (as of 1685) was more and more identified as the Erbgesessene Bürgerschaft, although the council of the Sixty (extended from the Forty-Eighters) was a penal previously subsumed as part of it.
Since Lutheran parishes and the collegial bodies staffed with their parishioners formed the constitutional bodies of Hamburg there was no easy way to open politics for non-Lutherans. Bürgerschaft, chief elders and senate could not settle all aspects of the sensitive balance of power. Thus, a commission, sent by the emperor of the Holy Roman Empire, had to secure the peace by force in 1708 and the city was once more negotiating and reforming her own administrative structures in the following years.
The Vormärz led to even more criticism of the established structures and Hamburg participated in the elections of the Frankfurt Parliament in 1848. This resulted in even more debates and the "Erbgesessene Bürgerschaft" passed a new electoral law to meet the criticism in September 1848 but the restoration, supported and enforced by Prussian troops during the First Schleswig War, turned the table.
Elections of 1859.
A new attempt to reform the constitution was launched after long discussions in 1859 and the "Erbgesessene Bürgerschaft" met for the last time in November of this year to establish a new order as well as to disband itself in favour of the "Bürgerschaft". Since 1859 "Bürgerschaft" refers to this elected parliamentary body.
Hamburg parliament in the Federal Republic.
The elections of 1949 led to the second elected parliament of Hamburg after the Second World War and the Social Democratic Party of Germany maintained her traditional dominant role, already re-established under the British-controlled elections of 1946. The party continued to govern the city, except 1953-57, until the first von Beust-Senate, formed in 2001.
Since March 23, 2011 the Hamburg Parliament has been in its 20th legislative period in the Federal Republic of Germany. A SPD-Government succeeded a coalition of CDU and the Greens.
Organisation.
President and board.
The president of the parliament presides over the parliament and its sessions. The president is supported by a 'First Vice-president' and 3 vice presidents, all are elected by the representatives. President, vice presidents, and 3 recording clerks are the board ("German: Präsidium").
As of 2011 President of the Hamburg Parliament was Carola Veit.
Council of Elders.
The Council of Elders ("German: Ältestenrat") consists of the president, the vice presidents and several members, appointed by the parliamentary groups. The council support the president and the board regarding decisions of the agenda, personnel matters, and financial affairs.
Parliamentary groups.
Parliamentary groups ("German: Fraktionen") are pooled by minimum 6 members of the parliament. Most these groups are by one party.
Committees.
The daily work of the parliament is done in committees.
Candidates' qualifications.
The qualification is regulated by law. As of 2008, electable for the parliament in is every German after his/her 18th birthday. He/she is restricted, if he/she is not allowed to vote by a verdict, is patient of a psychiatric ward under law, or has a representative under law.
Current composition.
State elections, with a new electoral law, were held in Hamburg on 20 February 2011. The election campaign debates were dominated by economic and educational questions as well as the evaluation of the failed CDU-Green Senate under Christoph Ahlhaus, the successor of Ole von Beust.
The five parties having more than 5 percent (minimum to qualify) were the social-democratic SPD, the Christian-democratic CDU, the ecologist Green Alternative List (GAL; which is the Hamburg section of Alliance '90/The Greens), the liberal Free Democratic Party and the left-wing Die Linke, which entered the parliament for the first time in 2008. The SPD, under Olaf Scholz, won an absolute majority of the 121 seats in the Hamburgische Bürgerschaft and formed a government in Hamburg without coalition partners.

</doc>
<doc id="19394261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394261" title="Kleenex Girl Wonder">
Kleenex Girl Wonder

Kleenex Girl Wonder (or Kleenexgirlwonder or Kleen Ex-Girl Wonder in Japan) is an indie rock band, originally from the suburbs of Chicago but now based in New York City. 
The band's central and sole consistent member since its inception is Graham Smith. The original backing band consisted of neighborhood friends from his hometown of Downers Grove, Illinois. This lineup consisted of Adam Blake (guitar), Rafeeq Hasan (bass), Quinn Goodwillie (guitar), Christian Goodwillie (bass) and Jeff Giba (drums). 
The current band features Smith on bass and vocals, Thayer McClanahan on guitar, and Matt LeMay on drums. 
After 2003, Smith released some albums under his own name, as well as some credited to both his given name and KGW. It is assured by numerous sources that no ill will or misdirection was meant by this. 
All significant and currently available albums are listed in the discography below, with accreditation delineated as necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="19394284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394284" title="3OH!3 (album)">
3OH!3 (album)

3OH!3 is the eponymous debut album, written and produced by Colorado electronic band 3OH!3. The tracks "Holler Til You Pass Out" and "Chokechain" were later re-recorded for the band's major label debut. "Holler Til You Pass Out," "Chokechain," and "Dance with Me" are excluded from the iTunes release of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19394286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394286" title="Rising Above (2008)">
Rising Above (2008)

Rising Above (2008) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Ring of Honor. It took place on November 22, 2008 from the Frontier Fieldhouse in Chicago Ridge, Illinois. It aired on January 16, 2009.
Background.
Rising Above 2008 featured professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers working for the Ring of Honor promotion. It also involved a match for the Shimmer Championship, the top title in Ring of Honor's then sister promotion Shimmer Women Athletes.
The major feuds leading into the event were those between Austin Aries and Jimmy Jacobs and Nigel McGuinness and Bryan Danielson. Austin Aries and Jimmy Jacobs began feuding when Aries took Jacobs' kayfabe girlfriend Lacey away from him. The feud escalated to the point in which it was decided the pair would face each other in an "I Quit" Match. The Nigel McGuinness and Bryan Danielson feud largely revolved around their very competitive previous matches. The ROH World Champion Nigel McGuinness also resented the fact that Danielson was considered the 'best wrestler in the world' by many fans, despite the fact that he was the World Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19394291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394291" title="Paul Shakes">
Paul Shakes

Paul Steven Shakes (born September 4, 1952) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who briefly played in the National Hockey League for the California Golden Seals.

</doc>
<doc id="19394296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394296" title="Robert Schuler">
Robert Schuler

Robert Schuler (or Schuller) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19394312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394312" title="Jim Todd (baseball)">
Jim Todd (baseball)

James Richard Todd, Jr. is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played six seasons in Major League Baseball from until .
Todd was originally drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the 10th round of the 1969 Major League Baseball Draft. He pitched in their organization through his major league debut in 1974, when he went 4–2 with 3 saves. Shortly before the season, Todd was traded to the Oakland Athletics.
In 1975, Todd posted career bests in wins (8), saves (12), and ERA (2.29), and even received votes on the MVP ballot for the AL West division champion A's. He pitched briefly in each of the three games of the ALCS, which Oakland lost to the Boston Red Sox.
The following season, Todd's performance slipped, setting a career high in losses with 8 and seeing his ERA rise by over a run and a half to 3.81. For the first time in his career, Todd also walked more than he struck out. His decline mirrored that of the team, which missed the playoffs for the first time since . The following spring, Todd was shipped back to the Cubs for veteran pitcher Joe Coleman.
In , Todd fell apart, posting an ERA over 9 in 22 games, giving up 66 baserunners in 30 innings. After July, Todd did not pitch in the majors, and in October he was sent to the Seattle Mariners. Todd bounced back somewhat in , but he still was giving up a lot of baserunners—174 in 106 innings.
After being released by the Mariners in February, he got one last shot with the team with which he'd had his greatest success, the A's. Oakland was in the midst of losing 108 games in , and Todd contributed a 6.56 ERA, walking nearly twice as many batters as he struck out. He was released the following spring, and never returned to the major leagues. He did pitch one season for the Phoenix Giants in before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="19394329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394329" title="Santo Bartolomeo Quadri">
Santo Bartolomeo Quadri

Santo Bartolomeo Quadri (December 2, 1919 – October 17, 2008) was an Italian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church.
Biography.
Quadri was born in Ossanesga, Italy and was ordained a priest on March 6, 1943. He was appointed Auxiliary bishop of the Pinerolo Diocese as well as Titular bishop of Villa Nova on March 17, 1964. Quadri was ordained bishop May 7, 1964. On February 10, 1973 he was appointed bishop of the Terni-Narni Diocese and he held this position until his appointment to the Diocese of Modena-Nonantola. He was appointed to the Archdiocese of Modena-Nonantola on May 31, 1983 until his retirement on April 12, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19394343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394343" title="Giannis Mihalopoulos">
Giannis Mihalopoulos

Giannis Mihalopoulos (; born 1927) is a Greek actor.
Biography.
Mihalopoulos was born in Athens in 1927. He mostly acted in supporting roles. He has appeared in many movies, his most famous being "Ah afti i yineka mou", and "Anthropos yia oles tis doulies". He has also played many roles on television; his most famous was "Orkisteite parakalo" in which he acted as a judge in a court.

</doc>
<doc id="19394370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394370" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T54">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T54

The Men's 100m T54 had its First Round held on September 15 at 12:11 and its Final on September 16 at 17:50.

</doc>
<doc id="19394387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394387" title="New South Wales Z20 class locomotive">
New South Wales Z20 class locomotive

The Z20 class (formally E.10 and A/E class) is a class of steam locomotive built for and operated by the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
History.
There was a total of 33 members of this class of 2-6-4T mixed traffic side tank locomotives. There were three differing types.
Twelve were classified E(10) class under the pre-1924 recording. These locomotives were built by Beyer, Peacock and Company and delivered in 1891 for use on Newcastle coal traffic. They proved very successful in suburban goods and coal traffic, but were unsuited to main line passenger traffic. When displaced by more powerful locomotives, many were used as shunters. Their final services were on short light branch lines, such as Richmond-Kurrajong, Carlingford, Camden, Rogans Hill and Morpeth. A number were also to be found shunting the industrial sidings at Port Kembla.
In 1902 there was a shortage of tank locomotives. Six members of the A(93) class 0-6-0 tender engines were converted to a new A/E class tank locomotives by Eveleigh Railway Workshops. A further eight conversions were made in 1909/10. In 1911 seven new locomotives were constructed at Eveleigh. In 1924, these 21 locomotives were grouped with the twelve E(10) class to form the (Z)20-class.
Later Years.
As more tender locomotives became available for suburban goods traffic, the surplus locomotives of the combined class were scrapped or sold. Some of the locomotives which were sold to industrial interests include:
The last member of the class in service with the New South Wales Government Railways was 2029 which had been retained for working the Liverpool to Moorebank branch. This has been preserved by the New South Wales Rail Transport Museum, Thirlmere and cosmetically restored.

</doc>
<doc id="19394400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394400" title="Shanghai Scientific and Technical Publishers">
Shanghai Scientific and Technical Publishers

Shanghai Scientific and Technical Publishers (Chinese: 上海科学技术出版社) is one of the largest scientific and technical publishing houses in the People's Republic of China. Founded in 1956, it consists of over 20 editing departments, such as science, industry, agriculture, medicine, popular science, scientific education, international, cooperation publishing, audio and video, and etc. 

</doc>
<doc id="19394436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394436" title="1991 UAB Blazers football team">
1991 UAB Blazers football team

The 1991 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the college football season of 1991, and was the first team fielded by the school. The Blazers' head coach was Jim Hilyer, who entered the season as UAB's first head coach. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama and competed as a Division III Independent. The Blazers finished their inaugural season with a record of four wins, three losses and two ties (4–3–2).

</doc>
<doc id="19394438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394438" title="1992 UAB Blazers football team">
1992 UAB Blazers football team

The 1992 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the college football season of 1992, and was the second team fielded by the school. The Blazers' head coach was Jim Hilyer, who entered his second season as UAB's head coach. They played four of their home games at Legion Field in and one at Lawson Field, both of which are located in Birmingham, Alabama. UAB would finish their second season with a record of seven wins and three losses (7–3). The Blazers competed as a Division III Independent in 1992 and made the move to I-AA for the 1993 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19394454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394454" title="Brendon Hackwill">
Brendon Hackwill

Brendon Hackwill (born 9 May 1942) is a former Australian sportsman who played Australian rules football for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1960s and also represented his country at basketball.
Hackwill was with Fitzroy in what was a bad era for the club and experienced just the solitary win from his 17 senior games. As a basketball player he had represented Australia at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo where they finished ninth out of the 16 competing nations. He appeared in nine games and scored 12 points in a win over Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19394458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394458" title="National Emergency Technology Guard">
National Emergency Technology Guard

The National Emergency Technology Guard (NETGuard) is a corps of volunteers with technology experience that help out after disasters in the United States. NETGuard is part of the Citizen Corps under the jurisdiction of the Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). FEMA has designated $320,000 available for the program in fiscal year 2008.
The role of NETGuard teams would be to repair downed communications systems, restore computer operations and create new systems to aid support and recovery efforts. Volunteers would receive training periodically, like members of the National Guard, and would have a clear chain of command to coordinate efforts. In addition, NetGuard would be responsible for maintaining a strategic reserve of equipment—like cellphones, switches, computers and satellite dishes—that could be deployed on short notice. The corps can also maintain a database of volunteers with professional expertise, such as those with knowledge of smallpox or technology professionals with knowledge of computer viruses.
History.
The original idea for Netguard was proposed by Andrew Rasiej, a NYC based tech and social entrepreneur who organized volunteers with tech experience to provide emergency tech support to schools and small businesses in the wake of the Sept 11 attacks. He brought the idea of creating National "tech corps" to Oregon Democratic Senator Ron Wyden who chairs the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee (on Science, Technology, and Space) and Virginia Republican Senator George Allen who proposed the initiative in early 2002 as a way to respond to the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks. They introduced the idea in the Science and Technology Emergency Mobilization Act, which was later incorporated into the bill that created the Department of Homeland Security. However, NETGuard was not yet created. Finally, June 18, 2008, FEMA announced it was starting the NETGuard program.
NETGuard teams.
Net Guard teams are composed of volunteers with information technology (IT) and communications expertise. Teams are a local asset, managed at the local level, and deployed in response to a request from local or State authorities.
2008 teams.
FEMA announced September 17 that it was granting four districts $80,000 each to start a pilot program: the city of Austin, Texas; the city of Chesapeake, Virginia; Cottonwood Heights, Utah; and Hamilton County, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="19394471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394471" title="Georges-Hilaire Dupont">
Georges-Hilaire Dupont

Georges-Hilaire Dupont, O.M.I. (born November 16, 1919) is a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church 
Dupont was born in Virey, France and was ordained a priest on May 9, 1943 from the religious order Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate. He was appointed Diocese of Pala on January 16, 1964 and ordained bishop May 1, 1964. He resigned from the diocese on June 28, 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19394472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394472" title="Mehmet Eymür">
Mehmet Eymür

Mehmet Eymür (born 1943 in Istanbul) is a retired Turkish intelligence official. In 1995-6 he led the counter-terrorism department of the National Intelligence Organization (MIT), which he joined as a student in 1965 as a "pursuit officer" (). He was the right-hand man for the MIT deputy undersecretary Hiram Abas.
Eymür is writing a series called "Teşkilat" ("Organization") about MİT and its Counter-Terrorism Department.
Background and personal life.
Eymür was born in Istanbul in 1943, the son of Mazhar Eymür, a leading member of the MİT's predecessor, the National Security Service (MAH). Mazhar Eymür took part in suppressing the Dersim rebellion.
Eymür joined the agency after completing TED Ankara Koleji. He attended the İstanbul Academy of Economic and Financial Sciences ().
Eymür has a spouse called Canset; a son, Alp, and a daughter, Ayşe. According to some sources, Mehmet Eymur and his wife, Canset Eymur were granted a green card by the U.S. Homeland Security.
Career.
MIT (1965 - 1988).
Eymür joined MIT as a student in 1965 as a "pursuit officer" (), and was involved in the Ziverbey Villa interrogations after the 1971 Turkish coup d'état, together with Hiram Abas.
Eymür gained fame for taking down numerous gangsters in the 1984 "Godfathers Operation" () while heading the Smuggling Department, in concert with Atilla Aytek of the police force's smuggling department (). The operation captured mob bosses including Dündar Kılıç.
He prepared the controversial "1987 MIT Report" that accused high ranking civil servants in the police and politicians such as Nevzat Ayaz, Ünal Erkan and Mehmet Ağar of having connections to the mafia. The report was leaked, and published in "2000'e Doğru" in January 1988. He was forced to resign on 10 June 1988. The MIT said the report was prepared without proper authorization. His colleague Hiram Abas, who was deputy chief of MIT and also discharged at the time, was critical of Eymür for divulging information.
Eymür subsequently entered the ice producing business in Antalya with a MİT colleague called Korkut Eken, however this partnership ended after five years on acrimonious terms.
MIT (1993 - 1999).
After Tansu Çiller became prime minister in mid-1993, Eymür was appointed chief of the MIT's Special Intelligence Department () in May 1994. Avni Özgürel of "Radikal" says that the department was led by Hiram Abas. Next came the Operations Department (), where he was deputy chief to Şenkal Atasagun. The two did not get along, so Eymür asked the undersecretary, Sönmez Köksal, for a different position.
Counter-Terrorism Department (1995 - 1996).
On 31 January 1995, he was moved to the newly established Counter-Terrorism Department. The department, created on Çiller's orders, was active in the Kurdish–Turkish conflict.
According to Eymür, he was at this time introduced to contract killer Mahmut Yıldırım, better known as "Yeşil", after "Yeşil" was moved to Ankara by JİTEM. Eymür said he was then unaware of "Yeşil"'s status as a wanted criminal. Eymür said he used "Yeşil" in several operations, but only outside Turkey, and that he was never formally an MIT agent. At the Counter-Terrorism Department, Eymür said he almost had the PKK's leader, Abdullah Öcalan, assassinated, but failed due to irresponsible management of fiscal resources and sabotage (external, and inside the agency).
When Mesut Yılmaz replaced Çiller as prime minister in March 1996, he ordered the fifty-person department dissolved. Yılmaz said that the MİT strongly opposed Eymür's gang, and that such illegal activities now take place in the General Directorate of Security (police force) instead. Yılmaz said that the illegal group was loyal to Fethullah Gülen, a notable religious figure. In a testimony to the Susurluk commission investigating the Susurluk scandal, Hanefi Avcı, former chief of the police force's intelligence department, said that Eymür's "gang" was illegal.
Final years.
Eymür prepared what has come to be known as the "Second MİT Report" (the first was in 1987), based on the "Askar Simitko, Lazım Esmaeili and Tarık Ümit incident" file from his Counter-Terrorism Department. This report was controversial for being prepared without authorization, and then leaked in September 1996. It was published in "Aydınlık" on 17 September 1996.
In August 1997 Eymür was assigned to Washington, D.C. as a MİT representative to U.S. intelligence agencies and security firms. He was recalled on 14 August 1998. Eymür returned to Turkey in 1998 to help prepare a report against Şenkal Atasagun, then the undersecretary of the MİT, who had recommended Eymür's dismissal and the dissolution of his Counter-Terrorism Department to Prime Minister Yılmaz in 1997. In October 1998 Eymür was appointed to oversee Turkey's sugar refineries.
Eymür finally left the MİT in 1999, and moved to McLean, Virginia; the seat of the CIA. He says he would entertain offers to consult the CIA as a terrorism expert. In March 2000 he launched a website documenting links between the Turkish state and the Turkish mafia; he faced criminal charges for divulging state secrets.
Ergenekon.
Since 2008 Eymür has been mentioned numerous times in the Turkish press as being the superior of Tuncay Güney; the mysterious figure, who helped launch the Ergenekon investigation. Eymür vehemently denies any connection.

</doc>
<doc id="19394509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394509" title="1986 Chatham Cup">
1986 Chatham Cup

The 1986 Chatham Cup was the 59th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern). In a change to previous years, National League teams received a bye until Round Three (the final 64 stage) of the competition, one round earlier than previousy. In all, 143 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article.
The 1986 final.
Unlike previous years, the final was held over two legs, home and away. This format proved unpopular, and was abandoned after three years, with the cup reverting to a single final format in 1989. In the final North Shore United became the first six-times winner of the Chatham Cup.
The first leg was held at North Shore United's Fuji Film Stadium. The game was not a particularly memorable one, although it did have its moments, notably a penalty miss from the home side. This would have evened the tie up, as Mount Maunganui gained a lead halfway through the first half via a Tony Ferris goal. This proved to be the only goal of the match.
The second leg in Mount Maunganui was a more high-scoring and open game. Kevin Hagan opened the scoring for Shore after just five minutes. Mount Maunganui fought back to equalise through Grant Proudman halfway through the first spell, but Shore's Darren McClennan restored their lead before half time and - thanks to the away goals rule - put them on track for the trophy. Away goals were not to be needed, however, as both Kim Wright (after 65 minutes) and Brian McKeown (87 minutes) added to North Shore's tally, taking them to an aggregate 4-2 win.
The Jack Batty Memorial Trophy for player of the final was awarded to Duncan Cole of North Shore United.
Results.
Final.
North Shore United won 4-2 on aggregate.

</doc>
<doc id="19394514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394514" title="Shanghai Supercomputer Center">
Shanghai Supercomputer Center

Shanghai Supercomputer Center (SSC; ), founded on December 2000, was invested by Shanghai Municipal Government. With its world-class facilities and quality services, Shanghai Supercomputer Center offers high performance computing, technical support and technical consulting services to wide range of customers from scientific research, public utilities services, to industrial and engineering. Till now, SSC has over 350 users from 27 provinces across the whole China, and covers 20 different fields and industries, which includes: weather forecast, drug design, life science, auto design, new material, civil engineering, physics, chemistry, aerospace, etc..
During the past decade, SSC has introduced three HPC systems, two of which were ranked #10 in TOP500 list in 2004 and 2009 separately; they are DAWNING 4000A (10TFlops) and DAWNING 5000A (Magic Cube, 230TFlops) that is operated by SSC currently.

</doc>
<doc id="19394548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394548" title="1947 college football season">
1947 college football season

The 1947 NCAA football season finished with Notre Dame, Michigan and Penn State all unbeaten and untied, but the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame were the first place choice for 107 of the 142 voters in the AP Poll, and repeated as national champions. Michigan went on to meet USC in the Rose Bowl and won 49-0, while Penn State was tied 13-13 by SMU in the Cotton Bowl Classic, and Notre Dame didn’t participate in the postseason. An unofficial post bowl AP poll was conducted with Michigan and Notre Dame as the only options and Michigan won by a vote of 226 to 119.
During the 20th century, the NCAA had no playoff for the college football teams that would later be described as "Division I-A". The NCAA did recognize a national champion based upon the final results of the Associated Press poll of sportswriters (the UPI Coaches Poll would not start until 1950). The extent of that recognition came in the form of acknowledgment in the annual "NCAA Football Guide" of the "unofficial" national champions.
September.
The Associated Press did not poll the writers until after the games of October 4. Among the five teams that had been ranked highest in 1946 (Notre Dame, Army, Georgia, UCLA and Illinois).
Georgia opened on September 20 with a 34-7 win over Southern Mississippi in (site). UCLA hosted Iowa the following Friday and won 22-7.
The next day, September 27, Army beat Villanova 13-0, Illinois beat Pittsburgh 14-0, and Georgia beat Tennessee, 27-0.
October.
On October 4 Notre Dame won at Pittsburgh 40-6. Army shut out visiting Colorado 47-0. Georgia beat Tulane in New Orleans, 20-0. UCLA lost at Northwestern 27-26.
Illinois won at Iowa 35-12. When the first poll came out that Monday, Notre Dame was the favorite of a bare majority (52 of 103) of the voters, followed by Michigan, Texas, Georgia Tech and Army. Illinois was ranked 6th, Penn 7th, California 8th and Georgia was ranked 9th.
On October 11 #1 Notre Dame won at Purdue, 22-7. #2 Michigan beat Pittsburgh, 69-0. In Dallas, #3 Texas beat #15 Oklahoma 34-14. #4 Georgia Tech beat VMI, 20-0, for its third shutout in three starts. #5 Army and #6 Illinois met at Yankee Stadium in New York, and played to a 0-0 tie. #8 California, which won at Wisconsin 48-7, rose to fourth.
October 18 #1 Michigan won at Northwestern, 49-21. #2 Notre Dame shut out visiting Nebraska, 31-0. #3 Texas met Arkansas at a neutral location in Memphis, Tennessee, and won 21-6. #4 California beat Washington State, 21-6. #5 Georgia Tech defeated Auburn 27-7 to stay unbeaten, but was voted out of the Top Five. #6 Illinois, which beat #13 Minnesota 40-13, rose to fifth.
October 25 #1 Michigan stayed unbeaten, with a 13-6 win over Minnesota, as did #2 Notre Dame, which defeated Iowa, 21-0. #3 Texas beat Rice, 12-0. #4 California lost to #10 USC, 39-14. #5 Illinois lost at Purdue, 14-7. #8 Penn beat Navy, 21-0. The Irish rose to #1 in the next poll, with a 78-69 lead in votes over Michigan.
November.
November 1 #1 Notre Dame and Navy met in Cleveland, with the Fighting Irish registering their third straight shutout, 27-0. #2 Michigan won at #11 Illinois, 14-7. In Dallas, #3 Texas (6-0-0) faced unbeaten (5-0-0) #8 Southern Methodist University (SMU), and the SMU Mustangs won 14-13. #4 Pennsylvania won at Princeton, 26-7, to stay unbeaten. In Seattle, #5 USC beat Washington 19-0.
November 8 #1 Notre Dame hosted #9 Army and won 27-7. #2 Michigan beat Indiana 35-0. #3 SMU won at Texas A&M, 13-0. #4 Pennsylvania beat Virginia, 19-7. #5 USC beat Stanford, 14-0.
November 15 #1 Notre Dame had more points scored against it than at any other time in the season, but won at unranked Northwestern, 26-19. Meanwhile, #2 Michigan faced #9 Wisconsin in Madison and won 40-6, raising it to first place in the next poll. #3 Pennsylvania and #13 Army played to a 7-7 tie in Philadelphia. #4 SMU stayed unbeaten with a 14-6 win over Arkansas. #5 USC was idle.
November 22 #1 Michigan closed its season at 9-0-0 with a 21-0 win over Ohio State, and accepted an invitation to meet #4 USC (which beat #18 UCLA 6-0) in the Rose Bowl. Meanwhile, #3 SMU won 10-0 win at Baylor, and #5 Penn State won at Pitt, 29-0. Both unbeaten, they accepted invitations to the Cotton Bowl Classic. #2 Notre Dame thrashed Tulane, 59-6 and was restored ot the top spot by the AP voters, with 97 first place votes to Michigan’s 81.
November 29 #1 Notre Dame, #2 Michigan, #4 USC, and #5 Penn State were idle. #3 SMU was tied in a game at TCU, 19-19.
December 6 #1 Notre Dame (8-0-0) and #3 USC (7-0-1) met in Los Angeles, with the Irish cementing their hold on the #1 ranking, 38-7. #2 Michigan, #4 SMU and #5 Penn State had completed their seasons.
Conference standings.
The following is a potentially incomplete list of conference standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19394562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394562" title="Erich Buchholz">
Erich Buchholz

Erich Buchholz (1891–1972) was a German artist in painting and printmaking. He was a central figure in the development of non-objective or concrete art in Berlin between 1918 and 1924. He interrupted his artistic activity in 1925, first because of economic hardship and, from 1933, as he was forbidden to paint by the National-Socialist authorities. He resumed artistic activity in 1945.
Biography.
Erich Buchholz was born on January 31, 1891, in Bromberg, Province of Posen, Germany (now Bydgoszcz, Poland). He started working as a teacher in a primary school in Berlin, painting in his free time. In 1914 he decided to become a full-time artist and to study painting with Lovis Corinth, but managed to take only one lesson before being conscripted.
At the end of World War I he returned to Berlin and started working on abstract paintings. In 1918 he designed his first abstract stage sets for the Albert-Theater in Dresden. His first solo exhibition was in 1921 at the Galerie Der Sturm in Berlin and included a series of sixteen woodblocks. The first of these, "Orbits of the Planets (Planetenbahnen)", was initially designed as a matrix for making woodcut prints, but the artist gradually regarded it as a work of art of its own right and painted the surfaces.
Throughout the 1920s he participated in the annual jury-free art exhibitions in Berlin. At the exhibition "Constructivism and Suprematism," organized in 1922 by the Van Diemen Gallery in Berlin, he met László Moholy-Nagy, Laszlo Peri, Ernő Kállai, and El Lissitzky, people with whom he kept close contact in the following years. He also participated in international events such as the "First Exhibition of Modern Art" in Bucharest.
His studio at 15 Herkulesufer in Berlin was a meeting place for artists of the avant-garde, including—besides painters such as Hannah Höch and Kurt Schwitters—Dadaists writers Richard Huelsenbeck and Raoul Hausmann as well as the pioneers of abstract film Hans Richter and Viking Eggeling. Art critic Heinz Ohff described this studio in Buchholz's obituary, stating, "In 1922 he remodeled his studio flat at Herkulesufer 15 into the first 'environment,' the first abstractly designed three-dimensional space in art history." Original photographs of Buchholz’s studio-space design do exist from that period and furthermore he exhibited them in the Grosse Berliner of 1923. The photographs reveal that he had developed it into a coherent abstract space—right down to a model of its ceiling design. The colour of the room in particular was important. A light blue was painted over the smooth surfaces of a fussy wallpaper pattern; a similarly light blue-green covered the rougher surface where wallpaper had been stripped. Both colours tend to lighten and expand the visual impact of a small space. Various motifs on the walls were continuously re-arranged—sometimes the dominant sphere on the wall remains uncovered, sometimes it is in eclipse. This activation of its elements sought to reinforce the mobility experienced when encountering an artwork as a three-dimensional space. A reconstruction of his studio was built and presented in 1969 in the Kunstbibliothek of Berlin, organized and curated by Hans-Peter Heidrich, the director of the Daedulus gallery.
In 1923, Buchholz's interest drifted towards architecture and he started working on the use of shell forms in buildings, such as the design of an egg-form house. 
Besides painting, Erich Buchholz wrote several booklets and articles in which he investigated in depth the relationship between world view and the constructivist principles. Thus, in one of his articles he stated:
"The eternal law of recurrence – as in the spiral – is opposed to the law of the eternal non-return – as in the parabola which is a distorted spiral. The former is relative, the latter is absolute. Nothing ever returns." 
Due to economic hardship, Buchholz was forced to move from Berlin to the countryside. In 1925, he settled in Germendorf near Berlin where he supported his family through market gardening and by raising poultry. For some time he also opened a sand quarry. 
He continued to paint until 1933 when the National Socialists labelled his work "degenerate". He was arrested several times and received an interdiction to paint and participate in exhibitions.
He resumed his activity after the war in 1945. He continued to live in Germendorf until 1950, when he was able to move to West Berlin.
During the 1950s and 1960s, Buchholz held a number of solo exhibitions in Europe and the United States. In 1955, eighteen of his paintings from 1918 to 1922 were purchased by the Berlin Gallery of the 20th Century. In 1969 the Wiesbaden Museum organized a retrospective of his work, which travelled to Cologne and Stuttgart. Another retrospective was organized in 1971 by the Art Library (Kunstbibliothek) of Berlin. He also participated in various art exhibitions such as the "Salon des Réalités Nouvelles" in Paris. 
In 1964, Buchholz presented a sequence of screen-prints, "Constant-Variables," in which he explores the idea of a work of art as permeable in time and space. The series shows a close link with his earlier works of the 1920s. The sequence using just red, white, black is prompted by a simple framework: two oblongs that shift and alternate on a diagonal axis, a fixed sequence of three lines and one central block shape. Such minimal criteria set up a wider range of permutations in the course of the six variations, which transpose further shifts in the colour of the ground in relation to the fixed elements as well as in the alternation of the oblongs from a diagonal axis to a horizontal-vertical alignment
Erich Buchholz died in Berlin on December 29, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19394573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394573" title="Donatus Djagom">
Donatus Djagom

Donatus Djagom (10 May 1919 – 29 November 2011) was an Indonesian Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Djagom was born in Bilas, Indonesia and ordained a priest on 28 August 1949 from the religious order of Society of Divine Word. He was appointed bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ende on 19 December 1968 and ordained archbishop on 11 June 1969. Djagom retired on 23 February 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19394583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394583" title="I'm Dickens, He's Fenster">
I'm Dickens, He's Fenster

"I'm Dickens, He's Fenster" is an American sitcom that ran on ABC during the 1962-63 season (co-sponsored by Procter & Gamble and Consolidated Cigar's El Producto), and was created and produced by Leonard Stern, filmed at Desilu.
Synopsis.
The series stars John Astin and Marty Ingels as carpenters Harry Dickens and Arch Fenster. Emmaline Henry appeared as Harry's wife, Kate. Appearing regularly, as members of the construction gang Dickens and Fenster worked with, were Frank DeVol (as Myron Bannister), Dave Ketchum (Mel Warshaw), Henry Beckman (Mulligan), and Noam Pitlik (Bentley). 
The program followed the cartoon series "The Flintstones" and preceded "77 Sunset Strip" on Fridays at 9 pm Eastern time, but did not attract a sufficient audience. It ran opposite "Sing Along With Mitch" starring Mitch Miller on NBC and "Route 66" on CBS.
DVD release.
On April 10, 2012, Lightyear Entertainment & TV Time Machine Productions (distributed by Entertainment One) will release "I'm Dickens, He's Fenster- 50th Anniversary Collectors Edition: Volume 1" on DVD in Region 1 for the first time. The 3-disc set contains the first 16 episodes of the series as well as several bonus features.

</doc>
<doc id="19394594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394594" title="Chota Packet Bada Dhamaka">
Chota Packet Bada Dhamaka

Ek Se Badhkar Ek - Chota Packet Bada Dhamaka is a Hindi television reality show that aired on Zee TV channel, starting from September 20, 2008 until January 3, 2009. The show is an extension of Ek Se Badhkar Ek - Jalwe Sitaron Ke, and will be based on popular Hindi television 'Kids'. The show is a unique because it has both singing and dancing in a one platform.
Concept.
The show features popular Kids from Indian television industry who are best dancers & best singers. As its first season, this season also features 8 pairs – a singer and a dancer who are divided into teams to participate and earn points with their individual / respective skills. The finale took place on January 3, 2009. The winning jodi(team) was the team of Vasundhara and Ayush, votes being counted as 50% by the audience and 50% by the judges. The scholarship of 25 Lakh Rupees was the grand prize for the winning team. Amir/Ehsaas achieved 2nd place and Rohanpreet/Chinky achieved 3rd place. The best singer from the eliminated teams was awarded to Smita whereas the best dancer was awarded to Adrita; this decision was evaluated by the judges.

</doc>
<doc id="19394613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394613" title="Kim Kardashian">
Kim Kardashian

Kimberly Noel "Kim" Kardashian (born October 21, 1980) is an American television personality, fashion designer, model, and actress. Born and raised in Los Angeles, California, she first garnered media attention through her then-friend Paris Hilton. In 2007, Kardashian came to prominence after a sex tape with her then-boyfriend Ray J was leaked. Later that year, she and her family were commissioned to star in the reality television series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". Its success has led to the creation of spin-offs including "Kourtney and Kim Take New York" and "Kourtney and Kim Take Miami". In 2010, Kardashian was named the highest-paid reality television personality, with estimated earnings of $6 million.
In August 2011, Kardashian married basketball player Kris Humphries in a widely publicized ceremony. After 72 days of marriage, she filed for a divorce, which was finalized in June 2013 with an undisclosed settlement. The same month, Kardashian gave birth to a daughter, North, from her relationship with rapper Kanye West. She began dating West in April 2012, and they became engaged in October 2013.
With sisters Kourtney and Khloé, Kardashian is involved in the retail and fashion industries. They have launched several clothing collections and fragrances, and additionally released the book "Kardashian Konfidential" in 2010.
Life and career.
1980–2007: Early life and sex tape.
Kimberly Noel Kardashian was born in Los Angeles, California on October 21, 1980, to parents Robert and Kris (née Houghton). She has an older sister Kourtney, a younger sister Khloé, and a younger brother Rob. Their mother is of Dutch, English, and Scottish ancestry, while their father was a third-generation Armenian American. After their parents divorced in 1991, Houghton remarried to the 1976 Summer Olympics decathlon winner Bruce Jenner in 1991. Through their marriage, Kardashian gained step-brothers Burton "Burt", Brandon, and Brody; step-sister Casey; and half-sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner.
As a teenager, she attended Marymount High School, a Roman Catholic all-girls school in Los Angeles. In 1994, her father garnered public attention as the primary defense lawyer for football player O.J. Simpson during his murder trial. In 2003, Robert Kardashian was diagnosed with esophageal cancer, and died that September.
In 2000, a 19-year-old Kardashian eloped with music producer Damon Thomas. Thomas filed for divorce in 2003, though Kardashian later credited their separation to physical and emotional abuse on his part. During this time, Kardashian was also close friends with socialite Paris Hilton, through whom she first garnered media attention. Prior to the finalization of her divorce, Kardashian began dating singer Ray J, the younger brother of Brandy Norwood. In February 2007, a sex tape made by Kardashian and Ray J in 2003 was leaked. Kardashian filed a lawsuit against Vivid Entertainment, who distributed the film as "Kim K Superstar", and dropped the suit and settled for $5 million.
2007–09: Career beginnings.
In October 2007, Kardashian, in addition to her mother Kris; her step-father Bruce; her siblings Kourtney, Khloé, and Rob; and half-sisters Kendall and Kylie were commissioned to star in the reality television series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". The series proved successful for E!, the network in which it is broadcast, and has led to the creations of spin-offs including "Kourtney and Kim Take New York" and "Kourtney and Kim Take Miami". That December, Kardashian posed for a nude pictorial for "Playboy".
In 2008, Kardashian made her feature film debut in the disaster film spoof "Disaster Movie", in which she appeared as a character named Lisa. That year, she was announced as one of thirteen participants on the seventh season of "Dancing with the Stars", where she was partnered with Mark Ballas. Kardashian was the third contestant to be eliminated.
In January 2009, Kardashian guest starred as herself during an episode of the sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" in the episode "Benefits". That March, she launched an endorsement with ShoeDazzle shopping, of which she is the co-founder and chief fashion stylist. She then endorsed multiple other projects including a vanilla cupcake mix flavor called 'Va-Va-Va-Nilla' for the Los Angeles bakery, Famous Cupcakes. In April, she released a workout DVD series, "Fit in Your Jeans by Friday," with trainers Jennifer Galardi and Patrick Goudeau. In June, it was announced that Kardashian was to star as Elle in the television series "Beyond the Break". August saw Kardashian become a guest host of WrestleMania XXIV and guest judge on "America's Next Top Model". In September, Fusion Beauty and Seven Bar Foundation launched "Kiss Away Poverty", with Kardashian as the face of the campaign. For every LipFusion lipgloss sold, $1 went to the Foundation to fund women entrepreneurs in the US. The following month, she released her first fragrance titled "Kim Kardashian". On December 16, 2009, Kardashian made a guest star appearance on CBS's "" with Vanessa Minnillo.
2010–11: International success.
2010 saw Kardashian venture into several new endorsement deals, including endorsing various food products for Carl's Jr. Beginning in early 2010, Kardashian and her sisters designed and developed clothing lines for Bebe stores and 'Virgins, Saints, and Angels'. In January 2010, she starred as Summa Eve in the film "Deep in the Valley" In April, Kardashian sparked controversy over the way she held a kitten for a photograph, holding it by the scruff of its neck. Animal rights organization PETA criticized Kardashian for repeatedly wearing fur coats, and named her as one of the five worst people or organizations of 2010 when it came to animal welfare. June saw Kardashian guest star with Khloé and Kourtney as herself on the season three premiere episode of the series "90210". That same month, Kardashian was involved in a lawsuit against one of her endorsments. Sanford Siegal, the creator of the Cookie Diet, sued Kardashian, claiming she defamed him on Twitter. According to Siegal, Kardashian tweeted in October 2009 that he was "falsely promoting" that she was on the cookie diet. Siegal filed a claim in a Florida state court charging that her statements were false and defamatory. He also alleged that Kardashian was on QuickTrim's payroll when she posted the tweet. Kardashian's tweet appears to stem from an article on CookieDiet.com, that named Kardashian as one of many celebrities who saw positive results on the diet. Kardashian sent a cease-and-desist order to Siegal, demanding the link be removed. Additionally, Kardashian and her sisters released a sunless tanner "Kardashian Glamour Tan", that month.
On July 1, 2010, the New York City branch of Madame Tussauds revealed a wax figure of Kardashian. 
In November, Kardashian served as producer for "The Spin Crowd", a reality television show about Command PR, a New York City public relations firm, run by Jonathan Cheban and Simon Huck. The show followed them as they settle into their new offices in Los Angeles. Kardashian is friends with both, specifically Cheban, who frequently appears on her reality shows. That month, she also appeared on of "The Apprentice". Kim, Kourtney, and Khloé wrote an autobiography titled "Kardashian Konfidential", which was released in stores on November 23, and appeared on "New York Times"s Best Seller List.
In December 2010, Kardashian filmed a music video for a song titled "Jam (Turn It Up)". The video was directed by Hype Williams; Kanye West makes a cameo in the video. Kardashian premiered the song during a New Year's Eve party at TAO Las Vegas on December 31, 2010. The song was produced by The-Dream and Tricky Stewart. When asked if an album was in the works, Kardashian replied, "There's no album in the works or anything—just one song we did for "Kourtney and Kim Take New York", and a video Hype Williams directed, half of the proceeds we're giving away to a cancer foundation, because The-Dream's and one of my parents passed away from cancer. It's just all having fun—with a good cause". Jim Farber, writing for the "Daily News", called the song a "dead-brained piece of generic dance music, without a single distinguishing feature," and suggested that the single made Kardashian the "worst singer in the reality TV universe." That month, it was announced by the International Business Times that Kardashian's 2010 earnings were the highest among Hollywood-based reality stars, being estimated at $6 million.
2011: Marriage to Kris Humphries.
Kardashian, who has supported recognition of the Armenian Genocide on numerous occasions, encouraged American President Barack Obama and the United States government to consider its acknowledgement. On April 21, 2011, days before the 96th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, Kardashian wrote about the issue on her blog and sent a tweet to her fans, urging its recognition. That April, she also released her third fragrance "Gold". In May, she became engaged to NBA player Kris Humphries, then of the New Jersey Nets, whom she had been dating since October 2010. They were married during an extravagant wedding ceremony on August 20 in Montecito, California. Earlier that month, she had released her "wedding fragrance" called "Kim Kardashian Love" which coincided with her own wedding. A two-part TV special showing the preparations and the wedding itself aired on "E!" in early October 2011, amidst what "The Washington Post" called a "media blitz" related to the wedding. Also in October, Kardashian and her sisters opened their Kardashian Khaos store in Las Vegas. After 72 days of marriage, Kardashian filed for divorce from Humphries on October 31, citing irreconcilable differences. After filing for the divorce, Kardashian asked the court to order Humphries to pay his own legal expenses. On December 1, Humphries filed his response to Kardashian's petition, requesting an annulment on the grounds of fraud or if the court would not grant an annulment, a decree of legal separation rather than Kardashian's requested divorce. Several news outlets surmised that Kardashian's marriage to Humphries was merely a publicity stunt, to promote the Kardashian family's brand and their subsequent television ventures. Her former publicist also claimed that her short-lived wedding was indeed staged and a ploy to generate money. Kardashian filed suit against him, saying his claims were untrue. A widely circulated petition asking to remove all Kardashian-related programming from the air followed the split.
2012–present: Kanye West engagement and motherhood.
In March 2012, Kardashian debuted her fourth fragrance titled "True Reflection", which she worked with the company Dress for Success to promote. That month, Kardashian and her sisters were named in a $5 million class action lawsuit against QuickTrim, the weight loss supplement they endorse. The complaint, filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, accuses the Kardashians (along with QuickTrim’s manufacturer, Windmill Health Products; the retailer GNC; and others in the sales and marketing chain) of false and deceptive marketing of the diet aid. The plaintiffs, hailing from several states, brought claims under their respective states’ consumer protection laws. In April, "E!" renewed "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" for two additional seasons, in a deal reported to be worth $50 million. Kardashian also began dating American rapper and longtime friend Kanye West that month, though she remained legally married to Humphries. In October 2012, Kardashian released her fifth fragrance, "Glam", which "draws on the glamour of her Hollywood lifestyle", and was made available through Debenhams. In November, Kardashian and her sisters internationally launched the 'Kardashian Collection' in England, as well as launching a line of cosmetics, 'Khroma Beauty'. On December 31, 2012, Kardashian and West announced that she was pregnant with the couple's first child,which is a girl.
In February 2013, a judge ruled that Kardashian's divorce case with Humphries would go to trial, and set a trial date for May. However, on April 19, 2013, 536 days after Kardashian's initial divorce filing, she and Humphries reached an undisclosed divorce settlement, avoiding a trial. The divorce was legally finalized on June 3, 2013. Kardashian gave birth to her daughter with West, named North West, on June 15 at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, five weeks prior to her due date. Kardashian and West became engaged on October 21, Kardashian's 33rd birthday, when West rented out AT&T Park in San Francisco and projected a proposal message on the stadium screen in front of Kardashian's assembled friends and family members. On September 24, 2013, "Variety" and "Entertainment Weekly" reported that Kardashian will guest voice-star as an alien in the adult animated series "American Dad!" The episode is slated to air as part of the show's 10th season (2013–14). In Kardashian's upcoming "American Dad!" episode, the spaceship of her alien character crash-lands in the town of Langley Falls. The alien then falls hard for her fellow extraterrestrial Roger.

</doc>
<doc id="19394615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394615" title="Hans Christian Blech">
Hans Christian Blech

Hans Christian Blech (born 20 February 1915 – 5 March 1993) was a German film, stage and television character actor who found success in both Germany and Hollywood.
He made his English film debut in the 1951 picture "Decision Before Dawn". In this and many of his other Hollywood films, he played a German soldier. He had fought on the Eastern Front in World War II, where he acquired his facial scars.

</doc>
<doc id="19394624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394624" title="Monticello (privateer)">
Monticello (privateer)

The Monticello was a Confederate blockade runner during the American Civil War. She was a two-masted schooner out of Havana, Cuba and of unknown nationality. She ran ashore about 6 to 8 miles east of Fort Morgan and the main inlet to Mobile Bay in Alabama on June 26, 1862, after sailing from Havana, and was then set on fire by the crew to prevent her capture. A landing party from the USS "Kanawha" attempted to board the vessel, but were driven off by Confederate soldiers firing from nearby on the shore. Her length was 136 feet. She was likely cruising just off shore along the Swash Channel when she ran aground.
Some experts believe that a wreck uncovered by Hurricane Ike on Fort Morgan Road in Fort Morgan, Alabama may be the "Monticello".
The boat has been furthered uncovered by Hurricane Isaac. 

</doc>
<doc id="19394643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394643" title="Reed Middle School">
Reed Middle School

Reed Middle School can refer to several United States middle schools, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19394645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394645" title="Ned Kock">
Ned Kock

Nereu Florencio "Ned" Kock (born 1964) is a Brazilian-American philosopher. He is best known for employing biological evolution ideas to the understanding of human behavior toward technologies, particularly information technologies. He developed media naturalness theory, an evolutionary communication media theory. Kock is the writer of a popular blog on the intersection of evolution, statistics, and health.
He developed WarpPLS, a nonlinear variance-based structural equation modeling software tool. The underlying mathematics employed in WarpPLS builds on the method of path analysis, developed by the evolutionary biologist Sewall Wright. WarpPLS has been used to study a variety of topics, including nursing education, password security risks, software testing, customer satisfaction, accounting education, and web-based homework.
He has conducted research and written on the topic of academic plagiarism. His research and writings in this area have been discussed in The Chronicle of Higher Education, and contributed to considerable debate on the topic within the Association for Computing Machinery, and to the establishment of an ethics committee within the Association for Information Systems.
Kock has also been a proponent of the use of action research in the study of human behavior toward technologies, arguing that it can be used in investigations aimed at testing hypotheses in a postpositivist fashion. As a result of his action research investigations, he developed a method for systems analysis and business process redesign that places emphasis on the optimization of communication interactions in business processes.
He is a Professor of Information Systems at Texas A&M International University, and Founding Editor-in-Chief of the International Journal of e-Collaboration. He holds a B.E.E. in Electrical Engineering from the Federal Technological University of Parana at Curitiba, Brazil, a M.Sc. in computer science from the Institute of Aeronautical Technology, Brazil, and a PhD in management with a concentration in information systems from the School of Management Studies, University of Waikato, New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="19394647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394647" title="SM St. Michael, Penampang">
SM St. Michael, Penampang

St. Michael's Secondary School, Penampang ("Malay: Sekolah Menengah St. Michael (SMSM), Penampang") commonly known as SM St. Michael is a secondary school in Penampang, Sabah, Malaysia. It was named after Saint Michael the Archangel.
Mill Hill missionaries built the school to spread Catholicism among the local Kadazan-dusun community, who were mostly animists. The school started with a bamboo building and continued onwards to become a major challenge for traditional top schools. During the beginnings, Catholic Priests lived and taught at the school. Following the formation of Malaysia on September 16, 1963, the education given by the school became more secular.
The school, built in 1890, is among the oldest in Sabah; it was officially established as a Secondary School in 1958.
History.
The school was built in 1890 by Mill Hill missionaries to convert the local people into Catholicism. The mode of transportation was then the Moyog River. This caused the present day St. Michael's church and the school to be built in Kampong Dabak, Penampang which was close to the river. The first school building was made out of bamboo. It was also a home to the church's priests. The bare ground was the floor and it was walled around 3 feet from the ground. The students used a slate and a block of limestone to write. The school was not a success, as most locals did not allow their children to go to school as they feared the British North Borneo Company would take their children as soldiers. Students paid their fees in rice, tapioca, yam, fruit and firewood.
The land which the school stands now used to be a paddy field. It was donated by the locals to the school. Despite the fact that the students shared their classroom with village goats, the school had a good reputation as students as far as Tambunan and Kuala Penyu came to study in the school. This caused the opening of a boarding school.
During World War II, the Japanese occupation forced the temporary closure of the school. However, the school was not badly damaged, suffering only from machine gun bullets. Reverend M. Henselmans applied to convert the school to a senior or secondary school on August 10, 1957 to provide the 53 students who were then in primary six with a post-primary school. The school was converted into a secondary school on March 10, 1958 with Tambunan native Marcus Otigil at the helm. The school rose slowly, with the older buildings replaced by newer ones over the years.
Co-curricular activities.
In Penampang, the school is renowned for their dedicated and hardworking athletes .Some athletes, like Jesyline Stevens, were qualified to represent Malaysia in the SEA games. Jesyline not only represented the country, but she also won the silver medal, beating other far more experienced competitors.
SM St Michael is also known to produce many singers. Two Akademi Fantasia (a Malaysian reality show) contestants, Velvet Lawrence Aduk and Stracie Angie Anam, previously studied at this school. The school's choir team is also working hard to beat the defending choir champions from SM St Francis Convent whom the team has been a long time adversary. During the 2008 District Level choir competition, a dispute arose on whether SM St Michael or SM St Francis won the competition. The judges voted in favour of SM St Francis, who then lost the State Level choir competition. However, in the year 2003 under the supervision of Pn.Lucy Gawis, SM St. Michael Penampang beat SM St. Francis during the South West Coast Division Level Choir Competition, bagging also the best conductor award. A recorder mini orchestra also exists in the 2008 form 3 batch. The music movement is under the guidance of Mr Awang Masri Awang Matusin.
SM. St Michael is also the bench marked school of the Project Based Learning (PBL) project in Malaysia for winning the pioneering program at 2007. Other than that they also sent the team that won to the ICT Conference and Exhibition Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre in conjunction with the 43rd SEAMEO Council Conference and 3rd ASEAN Education Ministers Meeting. Currently, the teacher supervisor of the PBL programme is Madam Jennifer Asing.
Strict Rules.
The school practices a strict discipline policy, where they put emphasis on uniformity.
The prefect system was scrapped in 2008 and was replaced by the Student Council, which is now led by as president. Members of the council are appointed by teachers and not by students. The student council has a similar role to the prefect board, but in addition to enforcing school rules they are also the students conduits to voice out their opinion to the school administration.
Mr.Jonas Gohol is currently the chief of disciplinary. His assistant is Mr.Josephine Augustine Joseph, Mr.Lai Kian Hua and Mr.Richel Chong
Sisterhood with Yong-ho High School, South Korea.
SM St Michael fostered a relationship with Yong-ho High School, South Korea and ended their participation in the KDCA-ISEP exchange program. They dubbed the relation a sisterhood and organized an English Camp for South Korean students who arrived in Sabah in July 2008. SM St Michael's students are scheduled to go to South Korea in November or December.

</doc>
