<doc id="19381111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381111" title="Public housing in the United States">
Public housing in the United States

Public housing in the United States is housing administered by federal, state and local agencies to provide subsidized assistance for low-income households. Now increasingly provided in a variety of settings and formats, originally public housing in the U.S. consisted primarily of one or more concentrated blocks of low-rise and/or high-rise apartment buildings. These complexes are operated by state and local housing authorities which are authorized and funded by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. More than 1.2 million households currently live in public housing of some type.
Subsidized apartment buildings, often referred to as housing projects or colloquially "the projects", have a complicated and often notorious history in America. While the first decades of projects were built with higher construction standards and a broader range of incomes and applicants, as time went on, public housing increasingly became the housing of last resort. In many cities, housing projects suffered from mismanagement and high vacancy rates. Furthermore, housing projects have also been seen to greatly increase concentrated poverty in a community, leading to several negative externalities. As a result, many of the housing projects constructed in the 1950s and 1960s have since been torn down.
In recent decades, public housing has increasingly taken different formats. Since the 1970s, subsidized housing has increasingly been funded through rent vouchers rather than the construction of subsidized units. Additionally, since the early 1990s, rather than constructing large subsidized complexes, the federal government has used funds under the HOPE VI Program to tear down distressed public housing projects and replace them with mixed communities built in coordination with private partners.
History.
Early efforts.
In the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, government involvement in housing for the poor was chiefly in the area of building code enforcement, requiring new buildings to meet certain standards for decent livability (e.g. proper ventilation), and forcing landlords to make some modifications to existing building stock. Photojournalist Jacob Riis' How the Other Half Lives (1890) brought considerable attention the conditions of the slums in New York City, sparking new attention to housing conditions around the country.
Early tenement reform was primarily a philanthropic venture, with Model Tenements built as early as the 1870s which attempted to use new architectural and management models to address the physical and social problems of the slums. These attempts were limited by available resources, and early efforts were soon redirected towards building code reform. The New York Tenement Act of 1895 and Tenement Law of 1901 were early attempts to address building codes in New York City, which were then copied in Chicago, Philadelphia, and other American cities.
In 1910, the National Housing Association (NHA) was created to improve housing conditions in urban and suburban neighborhoods through the enactment of better regulation and increased awareness. The NHA was founded by Lawrence Veiller, author of "Model Tenement House Law" (1910), and consisted of delegates from dozens of cities. Over time, the focus of the housing movement shifted from a focus on proper building typology to community development on a broader scale, and the NHA dissolved in 1936.
PWA Housing Division.
Permanent, federally funded housing came into being in the United States as a part of Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal. Title II, Section 202 of the National Industrial Recovery Act, passed June 16, 1933, directed the Public Works Administration (PWA) to develop a program for the "construction, reconstruction, alteration, or repair under public regulation or control of low-cost housing and slum-clearance projects...". Led by the Housing Division of the PWA and headed by architect Robert Kohn, the initial, Limited-Dividend Program aimed to provide low-interest loans to public or private groups to fund the construction of low-income housing.
Too few qualified applicants stepped forward, and the Limited-Dividend Program funded only seven housing projects nationally. In the spring of 1934, PWA Administrator Harold Ickes directed the Housing Division to undertake the direct construction of public housing, a decisive step that would serve as a precedent for the 1937 Wagner-Stegall Housing Act, and the permanent public housing program in the United States. Kohn stepped down during the reorganization, and between 1934 and 1937 the Housing Division, now headed by Colonel Horatio B. Hackett, constructed fifty-two housing projects across the United States, as well as Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Atlanta's Techwood Homes opened on 1 September 1936 and was the first of the fifty-two opened.
Based on the residential planning concepts of Clarence Stein and Henry Wright, these fifty-two projects are architecturally cohesive, with composed on one to four story row house and apartment buildings, arranged around open spaces, creating traffic-free play spaces that defined community lift. Many of these projects were built on slum land, but land acquisition proved difficult, so abandoned industrial sites and vacant land were also purchased. Louisville's two early projects were constructed on an abandoned horse racing track. At Ickes' direction, many of these projects were also segregated, designed and built for either whites or African-Americans. Race was largely determined by the neighborhood surrounding the site, as American residential patterns, in both the North and South, were highly segregated.
Coming out of the housing movement at the turn of the century, the 1930s also saw the creation of the Home Owners' Loan Corporation (HOLC), which refinanced loans in order to keep the housing market afloat. The National Housing Act of 1934 created the Federal Housing Administration (FHA), which used only a small capital investment from the Federal government to insure mortgages. Construction of public housing projects were therefore only one portion of the federal housing efforts during the Great Depression.
Housing Act of 1937.
In 1937, the Wagner-Stegall Housing Act replaced the temporary PWA Housing Division with a permanent, quasi-autonomous agency to administer housing. The new United States Housing Authority Housing Act of 1937 would operate with a strong bent towards local efforts in locating and constructing housing and would place caps on how much could be spent per housing unit. The cap of $5,000 was a hotly contested feature of the bill as it would be a considerable reduction of the money spent on PWA housing and was far less than advocates of the bill had lobbied to get.
Construction of housing projects dramatically accelerated under the new structure. In 1939 alone, 50,000 housing units were constructed—more than twice as many as were built during the entire tenure of the PWA Housing Division. Building on the Housing Division's organizational and architectural precedent, the USHA built housing in the build-up to World War II, supported war-production efforts and battled the housing shortage that occurred after the end of the war. In the 1960s, across the nation, housing authorities became key partners in urban renewal efforts, constructing new homes for those displaced by highway, hospital and other public efforts.
World War II Era.
As part of the war mobilization, entire communities sprang up around factories manufacturing military goods. In 1940, Congress therefore authorized the US Housing Authority to build twenty public housing developments around these private companies to sustain the war effort. There was considerable debate over whether these should be permanent dwellings, furthering reformer goals of establishing a broader public housing effort, or temporary dwellings in keeping with the timeliness of the need. The Defense Housing Division was founded in 1941 and would ultimately construct eight developments of temporary housing, though many ended up as long-term housing after the war.
One of the most unique US public housing initiatives was the development of subsidized middle-class housing during the late New Deal (1940–42) under the auspices of the Mutual Ownership Defense Housing Division of the Federal Works Agency under the direction of Colonel Lawrence Westbrook. These eight projects were purchased by the residents after the Second World War and as of 2009 seven of the projects continue to operate as mutual housing corporations owned by their residents. These projects are among the very few definitive success stories in the history of the US public housing effort.
During World War II, construction of homes dramatically decreased as all efforts were directed towards the War. When the veterans returned from overseas, they came ready to start a new life, often with families, and did so with the funding resources of the G.I. Bill to start a new mortgage. However, there was not enough housing stock to accommodate the demand. As a result, President Truman created the office of Housing Expediter by executive order on January 26, 1946, to be headed by Wilson Wyatt. Through this office, government intervened in the housing market largely through price controls and supply chain restrictions, despite political pressure from some factions to directly construct housing. Efforts moved to focus exclusively on veterans housing, specifically a materials subsidy for housing construction. However, in the wake of the 1946 elections, President Truman believed there was insufficient public support to continue such materials restrictions and subsidies. The Veterans' Emergency Housing Program ended on January 1947 by an executive order from President Truman.
Housing Act of 1949.
With the Office of Housing Expediter ended, housing efforts moved to look at new, comprehensive approaches to address housing issues. The result was the Housing Act of 1949, which dramatically expanded the role of the federal government in both public and private housing. Part of Truman's Fair Deal, the Act covered three primary areas: (1) It expanded the Federal Housing Administration and federal involvement in mortgage insurance, (2) under Title I, it provided authority and funds for slum clearance and urban renewal, and (3) initiated construction of a significant public housing program. Title II of the legislation stated the goal of a "decent home in a decent environment for every American," and the legislation authorized $13 billion mortgage guarantees, $1.5 billion for slum redevelopment, and set a construction goal of 810,000 units of public housing.
Upon its passage, Truman told the press: 
"legislation opens up the prospect of decent homes in wholesome surroundings for low-income families now living in the squalor of the slums. It equips the Federal Government, for the first time, with effective means for aiding cities in the vital task of clearing slums and rebuilding blighted areas. This legislation permits us to take a long step toward increasing the well-being and happiness of millions of our fellow citizens. Let us not delay in fulfilling that high purpose.
Housing in the 1960s.
Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965.
Discontent with Urban Renewal came fairly swiftly on the heels of the passage of Title I and the Housing Act of 1949. Urban renewal had become, for many cities, a way to eliminate blight, but not a solid vehicle for constructing new housing. For example, in the ten years after the bill was passed, 425,000 units of housing were razed under its auspices, but only 125,000 units were constructed. Between Title I and the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956, entire communities in poorer, urban neighborhoods were demolished to make way for modern developments and transportation needs, often in the 'Tower in the Park' style of Le Corbusier. Jane Jacobs would famously describe the new products as, "Low-income projects that become worse centers of delinquency, vandalism, and general social hopelessness than the slums they were supposed to replace. Middle-income housing projects which are truly marvels of dullness and regimentation, sealed against any buoyancy or vitality of city life. Luxury housing projects that mitigate their inanity, or try to, with vapid vulgarity...This is not the rebuilding of cities. This is the sacking of cities."
Several additional housing acts were passed after 1949, altering the program in small ways, such as shifting ratios for elderly housing, but no major legislation changed the mechanisms of public housing until the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965. This act created the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), a cabinet-level agency to lead with housing. This act also introduced rent subsidies for the first time, the beginning of a shift towards encouraging privately constructed low-income housing. With this legislation, the FHA would insure mortgages for non-profits which would then construct homes for low-income families. HUD could then provide subsidies to bridge the gap between the cost of these units and a set percentage of a household's income.
The 1961 Housing Act quietly introduced a program under Section 23 which allowed local housing authorities to house individuals on their waiting lists in privately leased units through the mechanism of a voucher which covered the gap between household ability to pay and the market rent. This mechanism was repeatedly expanded in later legislation.
Housing Act of 1968.
In response to many of the emerging concerns regarding new public housing developments, the Housing Act of 1968 attempt to shift the style of housing developments, looking to the Garden Cities model of Ebenezer Howard. The act prohibited the construction of high-rise developments for families with children. The role of high-rises had always been contentious, but with rising rates of vandalism and vacancy and considerable concerns about the concentration of poverty, these developments were declared unsuitable for families. One of the most notorious of these developments was the Pruitt-Igoe development in St. Louis, Missouri, constructed in 1955 and 1956. This development posted 2,870 units in thirty-three high rises buildings. By the late 1960s, vacancy rates reached as high as 65%, and the project was demolished in 1972.
The Act also impacted the home ownership market through the expansion of the FHA. Ginnie Mae was initially established to purchase risky public housing projects and resell them at market rates. In addition, Section 235 originated mortgage subsidies by reducing the interest rate on mortgages for low-income families to a rate more comparable to that of the FHA mortgages. The program suffered from high foreclosure rates and administrative scandal, and was dramatically scaled down in 1974. The Section 236 program subsidized the debt service on private developments which would then be offered at a reduced rates to households below a certain income ceiling.
Housing in the 1970s.
Experimental Housing Allowance Program.
The Housing Act of 1970 established the Experimental Housing Allowance Program (EHAP), a lengthy investigation in the potential market effects of housing vouchers. Vouchers, initially introduced in 1965, were an attempt to subsidize the demand side of the housing market rather than the supply side by supplementing a household’s rent allowance until they were able to afford market rates. EHAP was designed to test three aspects of the impact of vouchers:
Ultimately, new legislation on housing vouchers did not wait for the conclusion of the experiment. When the program concluded over a decade later, it was discovered that the program had minimal impact on surrounding rents, but did have the potential to tighten the market for low-income housing, and communities were in need of an infusion of additional units. Some therefore argued that public housing was the appropriate model for cost and supply-chain reasons, though vouchers did not appear to overly distort local housing markets.
Housing moratorium.
In 1973, President Richard M. Nixon halted funding for numerous housing projects in the wake of the building concerns regarding the housing projects constructed in the prior two decades. HUD Secretary George Romney declared that the moratorium would encompass all money for Urban Renewal and Model Cities programs, all subsidized housing, and Section 235 and 236 funding. An intensive report was commissioned from the National Housing Policy Review to analyze and assess the federal government's role in housing. This report, entitled ‘’Housing in the Seventies’’ was instrumental in crafting new housing legislation the following year. In keeping with Nixon’s market-based approach, as demonstrated by EHAP, Nixon also lifted the moratorium on the Section 23 voucher program late in September, allowing for 200,000 new households to be funded. The full moratorium was lifted in the summer of 1974, as Nixon faced impeachment in the wake of Watergate.
Housing and Community Development Act of 1974.
The Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 created the Section 8 Housing Program to encourage the private sector to construct affordable homes. This kind of housing assistance assists poor tenants by giving a monthly subsidy to their landlords. This assistance can be 'project based,' which applies to specific properties, or 'tenant based,' which provides tenants with a voucher they can use anywhere vouchers are accepted. Tenant based housing vouchers covered the gap between 25% of a household's income and established fair market rent. Virtually no new project based Section 8 housing has been produced since 1983, but tenant based vouchers are now the primary mechanism of assisted housing.
The other main feature of Act was the creation of the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG). While not directly tied to public housing, CDBGs were lump sums of money, the amount of which was determined by a formula focusing on population, given to state and local governments for housing and community development work. The sum could be used as determined by the community, though the legislation also required the development of Housing Assistance Plans (HAP) which required local communities to survey and catalog their available housing stock as well as determine the populations most in need of assistance. These were submitted as part of the CDBG application.
Again in response to the growing discontent with public housing, urban developers began looking for alternate forms of affordable, low-income housing. From this sprung the creation of scattered-site housing programs designed to place smaller-scale, better-integrated public housing units in diverse neighborhoods. Scattered-site housing programs became popularized in the late 1970s and 1980s. Since that time, cities across the country have implemented such programs with varying levels of success.
Housing in the 1980s-1990s.
Changes to public housing programs were minor during the 1980s. Under the Reagan administration, household contribution towards Section 8 rents was increased to 30% of household income and fair market rents were lowered. Public assistance for housing efforts was reduced as part of a package of across the board cuts. Additionally, emergency shelters for the homeless were expanded, and home ownership by low-income families was promoted to a greater degree.
In 1990, President George H. W. Bush signed the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (NAHA), which furthered the use of HOME funds for rental assistance. In his address upon its passage, Bush said, "Although the Federal Government currently serves about 4.3 million low-income families, there are about 4 million additional families, most of them very low income, whose housing needs have not been met. We should not divert assistance from those who need it most."
The next new era in public housing began in 1992 with the launch of the Hope VI program. Hope VI funds were devoted to demolishing poor-quality public housing projects and replacing them with lower-density developments, often of mixed-income. Funds included construction and demolition costs, tenant relocation costs, and subsidies for newly constructed units. Hope VI has become the primary vehicle for the construction of new federally subsidized units, but it suffered considerable funding cuts in 2004 under President George W. Bush.
In 1998, the Public Housing Reform Act (CHWRA) was passed and signed by President Bill Clinton. Following the frame of welfare reform, CHWRA developed new programs to transition families out of public housing, developed a home ownership model for Section 8, and expanded the Hope VI program to replace traditional public housing units.
Social issues.
Concentrated poverty.
According to the HUD’s Residential Characteristic Report, the average annual income for a resident a public housing unit is $13,730. The same report classifies 68% of residents as “Extremely Low Income,” with the largest annual income bracket being $5,000 to $10,000, containing 32% of public housing residents.
Trends of an increase in geographic concentration of poverty became evident by the 1970s as high and middle-class residents vacated property in U.S. cities (Massey and Kanaiaupuni 1993). Urban renewal programs lead to widespread slum clearance, creating a need to house those displaced by the clearance (Massey and Kanaiaupuni 1993). However, whites in city governments, political organizations, and suburban communities resisted the creation of public housing units in middle and working class neighborhoods, leading to the construction of such units around ghetto neighborhoods which already exhibited signs of poverty (Massey and Kanaiaupuni 1993). Massey and Kanaiaupuni (1993) describe three sources of concentrated poverty in relation to public housing: income-requirements structurally creating areas of poverty, the reinforcement of patterns of poverty via the location of the public housing units, and the migration of impoverished individuals towards the public housing, although this effect is relatively small in comparison to the other sources.
A study of public housing in Columbus, Ohio, found that public housing has differing effects on the concentration of black poverty versus white poverty (Holloway et al 1998). Public housing’s effect on concentrated poverty is doubled for blacks compared to whites (Holloway et al 1998). The study further found that public housing tends to concentrate those who struggle the most economically into a specific area, further raising poverty levels.
A different study, conducted by Freeman (2003) on a national level, cast doubt onto the theory that public housing units have an independent effect on the concentration of poverty. The study found that while out-migration of the non-poor and in-migration of the poor were associated with the creation of public housing, such associations disappeared with the introduction of statistical controls, suggesting that migration levels were caused by characteristics of the neighborhood itself rather than the public housing unit.
Concentrated poverty from public housing units has effects on the economy of the surrounding area, competing for space with middle class housing (Husock 2003). Because of “social pathologies” incubated by public housing, Husock (2003) states that unit prices in surrounding buildings fall, reducing city revenue from property taxes and giving a disincentive to high-paying businesses to locate themselves in the area. He further argues that the pathologies caused by a concentration of poverty are likely to spread to surrounding neighborhoods, forcing local residents and businesses to relocate.
Freeman and Botein (2002) are more skeptical of a reduction of property values following the building of public housing units. In a meta-analysis of empirical studies, they expected to find that when public housing lacks obtrusive architecture and its residents are similar to those already in the neighborhood, property values are not likely to fluctuate. However, a review of the literature yielded no definitive conclusions on the impact of public housing on property values, with only two studies lacking methodological flaws that had either mixed results or showed no impact (Freeman and Botein 2002).
Others are skeptical of concentrated poverty from public housing being the cause of social pathologies, arguing that such a characterization is a simplification of a much more complex set of social phenomena (Crump 2002). According to Crump (2002), the term “concentrated poverty” was originally a spatial concept that was part of a much broader and complex sociological description of poverty, but the spatial component then became the overarching metaphor for concentrated poverty and the cause of social pathologies surrounding it. Instead of spatial concentration simply being a part of the broad description of social pathologies, Crump (2002) argues that the concept replaced the broad description, mistakenly narrowing the focus to the physical concentration of poverty.
Racial segregation.
The HUD’s "The Location and Racial Composition of Public Housing in the United States" report found that the racial distribution of residents within individual public housing units tends to be rather homogeneous, with African Americans tending to occupy poor minority neighborhoods and whites occupying more affluent white neighborhoods. More than 40% of public housing occupants live in neighborhoods where the majority is African American, according to the HUD report. The report also states that racial segregation has declined over the past 20 years, but the issue still remains in many units. Segregation varies by housing type and metropolitan area, but the general trend is a clear separation of blacks and whites (Bickford and Massey 1991). Segregation levels rose with levels of black population growth, suggesting that public housing policies were a response from white elites in government to isolate blacks into certain areas, away from high-paying business districts (Bickford and Massey 1991).
Segregation in public housing has roots in the early developments and activities of the Federal Housing Administration (FHA), created by the Housing Act of 1934 (Gotham 2000). The FHA institutionalized a practice by which it would seek to maintain racially homogenous neighborhoods, although this practice was struck down by the Supreme Court in 1948 and outlawed by legislation in 1960 (Gotham 2000). However, according to Gotham (2000), Section 235 of the Housing Act of 1968 encouraged white flight from the inner city, selling suburban properties to whites and inner-city properties to blacks, creating neighborhoods that were racially isolated from others. Public housing units were often built in predominantly poor and black areas, reinforcing racial and economic differences between neighborhoods (Massey and Kanaiaupuni 1993).
A meta-analysis of public housing studies conducted by Freeman and Botein (2002) found that while neighborhoods surrounding public housing units are disproportionately black, the creation of new public housing units is not associated with a change in the racial composition of the neighborhood. Very little evidence was found for substantial amount of racial transition on the scale of “white flight” (Freeman and Brotein 2002).
McNulty and Holloway (2000) studied the intersection of public housing geography, race, and crime in order to determine if racial differences existed in crime rates when controlled for the proximity of public housing units. The study found that “the race-crime relationship is geographically contingent, varying as a function of the distribution of public housing” (McNulty and Holloway 2000). This suggests that a focus on institutional causes of crime in relation to race is more appropriate than a focus on cultural differences between races being the cause of differing crime rates.
Health and safety.
Public housing units themselves offer very few amenities to occupants, providing the minimum necessary accommodations for living (Schill 1993). The original wording of the 1937 Housing Act meant that units were built with minimal effort in order to give amenities only slightly better than slums (Schill 1993). The units had poor insulation, roofing, electricity, and plumbing, were generally very small, and built to use as few resources as possible (Schill 1993). Turner et al. (2005) documents more physical deterioration, with backlogged repairs, vandalism, cockroaches, mold, and other problems creating a generally unsafe environment for occupants. A Boston study showed that dampness and heating issues in public housing create concentrations of dust mites, mold, and fungi, which causes asthma at a rate much higher than the national average (Hynes et al. 2000).
Other studies have been less negative in their assessments of living conditions in public housing units, showing only marginal differences caused by public housing units (Fertig and Reingold 2007). The study by Fertig and Reingold (2007) concluded that of a large list of possible health effects, public housing units only seemed to effect domestic violence levels, with only a mixed effect, a mother’s overall health status, and the probability of mothers becoming overweight.
Crime is also a major issue in public housing, with surveys showing high amounts of drug-related crime and shootings (Turner et al. 2005). Potential causes include inefficient management, which leads to problematic residents being able to stay in the unit, and inadequate policing and security (Turner et al. 2005). Public housing units are far more susceptible to homicides than comparable neighborhoods, which Griffiths and Tita (2009) argue is an effect of social isolation within the units. These homicides tend to be localized within the public housing unit rather than around it (Griffiths and Tita 2009).
Satisfaction with one’s living environment is another variable affected by public housing (Ross, Shlay, and Picon 2012). Residents of public housing units and voucher holders are more likely to express higher satisfaction with their current residency than low-income renters who are not receiving government assistance (Ross, Shlay, and Picon 2012). However, the study also concluded that residents of public housings units and voucher holders are more likely to express lower satisfaction with the neighborhood in which they live compared to low-income renters. This suggests that while the accommodations of public housing are better than comparable options, the surrounding neighborhoods are less desirable and have not been improved by government assistance (Ross, Shlay, and Picon 2012).
Education.
Another concern about public housing is the availability of quality education for children living in public housing units in areas of concentrated poverty (Schwartz et al. 2010). In a study of student achievement in New York City, Schwartz et al. (2010) found that those children living in public housing units did worse on standardized tests than others who go to the same or comparable schools. Furthermore, the study found that the resources of the schools serving different populations of the city were roughly the same.
Other studies refute this result, stating that public housing does not have a unique effect on student achievement (Jacob 2003). In a study for the National Bureau of Economic Research, Jacob (2003) found that children who had moved out of public housing due to demolition in Chicago fared no better and no worse in school and often continued to attend the same school as before demolition. However, among older children (14 years or older), dropout rates increased by 4.4% after demolition, though this effect was not seen in younger children (Jacob 2003).
A separate study conducted by Newman and Harkness (2000) produced findings similar to Jacob (2003). It concluded that public housing did not have an independent effect on educational attainment levels. Instead, variation in educational attainment was associated with poor economic standing and characteristics of the family (Newman and Harkness 2000). Additionally, the study finds very little difference between educational attainment in public versus subsidized private housing developments.
More positive educational outcomes have been recorded in other analyses. A study by Currie and Yelowitz (1999) found that families living in public housing were less likely to experience overcrowding in their units. Children living in public housing were 11% less likely to be held back a grade, suggesting that public housing may help low-income students (Currie and Yelowitz 1999). A 2011 report from the Center for Housing Policy argued for the benefits of stable and affordable housing in regard to education. Reasons for such educational benefits included less sporadic moving, community support, reduction in stress from overcrowding, less health hazards, provision of after-school programs, and reduction of homelessness (Brennan 2011).
Public perception.
Several negative stereotypes associated with public housing create difficulties in developing new units. Tighe (2010) reviewed a breadth of literature on perceptions of public housing and found five major public concerns: a lack of maintenance, expectation of crime, disapproval of housing as a handout, reduction of property values, and physical unattractiveness. While the reality of certain aspects may differ from the perceptions, such perceptions are strong enough to mount formidable opposition to public housing programs (Tighe 2010).
In a separate study, Freeman and Botein (2002) found four major areas of public concern related to public housing: reduction in property values, racial transition, concentrated poverty, and increased crime. The study concludes that such concerns are only warranted in certain circumstances, and in varying degrees. While negative consequences have potential to occur with the building of public housing, there is an almost equal chance of the public housing having the opposite effect of creating positive impacts within the neighborhood (Freeman and Botein 2002).
Alternative models.
Scattered-site housing.
“Scattered-site” or "Scatter Site" refers to a form of housing in which publicly funded, affordable, low-density units are scattered throughout diverse, middle-class neighborhoods. It can take the form of single units spread throughout the city or clusters of family units.
Scattered-site housing can also be managed by private not-for-profit organizations using a permanent, supportive housing model, where specific barriers to the housing of the low-income individual or family are addressed in regular visits with a case manager. In New York City, The Scatter Site Apartment Program provides city contracts to not-for-profits from the HIV/AIDS Services Administration under the New York City Human Resources Administration. Also, Scattered Site is one of two models, the other being Congregate, which are utilized in the New York/New York housing agreements between New York City and New York State.
Background.
Scattered-site housing units were originally constructed as an alternative form of public housing designed to prevent the concentration of poverty associated with more traditional high-density units. The benchmark class-action case that led to the popularization of scattered-site models was Gautreaux v. Chicago Housing Authority in 1969. Much of motivation for this trial and lawsuit stemmed from concerns about residential segregation. It was believed that the placement of public housing facilities in primarily black neighborhoods perpetuated residential segregation. The lawsuit was finally resolved with a verdict mandating that the Chicago Housing Authority redistribute public housing into non-black neighborhoods. U.S. District Court Judge Richard B. Austin mandated that three public housing units be built in white areas (less than 30% black) for every one unit built in black areas (more than 30% black).
These percentages have decreased since then and a wide array of programs have developed across the United States. While some programs have seen great successes, others have had difficulties in acquiring the land needed for construction and in maintaining new units. Eligibility requirements, generally based on household income and size, are common in these programs. In Dakota County, Minnesota, for example, eligibility ranges from a maximum of $51,550 for two people to $85,050 for 8-10 people.
Eligibility requirements are designed to ensure that those most in need receive relief first and that concerns regarding housing discrimination do not extend into the public housing sector.
Public policy and implications.
Scattered-site housing programs are generally run by the city housing authorities or local governments. They are intended to increase the availability of affordable housing and improve the quality of low-income housing, while avoiding problems associated with concentrated subsidized housing. Many scattered-site units are built to be similar in appearance to other homes in the neighborhood to somewhat mask the financial stature of tenants and reduce the stigma associated with public housing. 
An issue of great concern with regards to the implementation of scattered-site programs is where to construct these housing units and how to gain the support of the community. Frequent concerns of community members include potential decreases in the retail price of their home, a decline in neighborhood safety due to elevated levels of crime. Thus, one of the major concerns with the relocation of scattered-site tenants into white, middle-class neighborhoods is that residents will move elsewhere – a phenomenon known as white flight. To counter this phenomenon, some programs place tenants in private apartments that do not appear outwardly different. Despite these efforts, many members of middle-class, predominantly white neighborhoods have fought hard to keep public housing out of their communities.
American sociologist William Julius Wilson has proposed that concentrating low-income housing in impoverished areas can limit tenants’ access to social opportunity. Thus, some scattered-site programs now relocate tenants in middle-class suburban neighborhoods, hoping that immersion within social networks of greater financial stability will increase their social opportunities. However, this strategy has not necessarily proved effective, especially with regards to boosting employment. When placed in neighborhoods of similar economic means, studies indicate that low-income residents use neighbors as social resources less often when living scattered throughout a neighborhood than when living in small clusters within a neighborhood.
There are also concerns associated with the financial burden that these programs have on the state. Scattered-site housing provides no better living conditions for its tenants than traditional concentrated housing if the units are not properly maintained. There are questions as to whether or not scattered-site public facilities are more expensive to manage because dispersal throughout the city makes maintenance more difficult.
Vouchers.
Housing vouchers, now one of the primary methods of subsidized housing delivery in the United States, became a robust program in the United States with passage of the 1974 Housing and Community Development Act. The program, colloquially known as Section 8, currently assists more than 1.4 million households. Through the voucher system, direct-to-landlord payments assist eligible households in covering the gap between market rents and 30% of the household's income.
Hope VI.
The Hope VI program, created in 1992, was initiated in response to the physical deterioration of public housing units. The program rebuilds housing projects with an emphasis on mixed-income developments rather than projects which concentrate poorer households in one area.
City programs.
Chicago.
The class-action lawsuit of Gautreaux v. CHA (1966) made Chicago the first city to mandate scattered-site housing as a way to desegregate neighborhoods. Dorothy Gautreaux argued that the Chicago Housing Authority discriminated based on race in its public housing policy. The case went to Supreme Court as Hills v. Gautreaux and the 1976 verdict mandated scattered-site housing for residents currently living in public housing in impoverished neighborhoods.
Since that time, scattered-site housing has become a major part of public housing in Chicago. In 2000, the Chicago Housing Authority created the Plan for Transformation designed to not only improve the structural aspects of public housing but to also “build and strengthen communities by integrating public housing and its leaseholders into the larger social, economic, and physical fabric of Chicago”. The goal is to have 25,000 new or remodeled units, and to have these units indistinguishable from surrounding housing. While properly run scattered-site public housing units greatly improve the quality of life of the tenants, abandoned and decrepit units foster crime and perpetuate poverty. The Chicago Housing Authority began demolishing units deemed unsafe, but the Plan for Transformation set aside $77 million to clean up sites not demolished in this process.
Houston.
The Houston Housing Authority has created the Scattered Sites Homeownership Program to promote home ownership amongst those who would otherwise not be able to afford it. The program delineates strict requirements based on 80% of the Houston area’s median income. In 1987, the HHA received 336 properties throughout the city and it has worked to clean up these properties or sell them as low cost housing. As of 2009, the HHA had helped 172 families achieve home ownership through the scattered-site program and with the properties received in 1988.
Seattle.
The Seattle Housing Authority created its Scattered Site program in 1978. The program to date has a total of 800 units that range from duplex to multi-family. The program is currently in the process of “portfolio realignment,” which entails successive upgrading of over 200 units and a continued effort to distribute public housing in various neighborhoods throughout the city. In choosing site locations, proximity to public facilities such as schools, parks, and transportation, is considered.
See also.
People:
General:

</doc>
<doc id="19381129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381129" title="Jack Knight (footballer)">
Jack Knight (footballer)

Jack 'Cracker' Knight (born 21 November 1912) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1930s and played for and coached St Kilda during the early 1940s.
A ruckman from South Bendigo, Knight wasn't selected in Collingwood's 1935 premiership team despite playing in the Preliminary Final. He made up for it by participating in the 1936 Grand Final, where he played in a forward pocket and kicked a goal in the win. Disappointment followed in 1937 when a six-week suspension for striking Ron Baggott of Melbourne in the Prelim cost him another Grand Final place but he would appear in the next two season's premiership deciders.
Knight transferred to St Kilda in 1941 as captain-coach but the club struggled and although he stayed on for another season, it was as a player only.

</doc>
<doc id="19381190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381190" title="Thurtene Carnival">
Thurtene Carnival

ThurtenE Carnival is the oldest and largest student-run carnival in the United States of America. Founded in 1908, it is held annually in the spring at Washington University in St. Louis and is organized by ThurtenE Honorary. Student organizations build temporary structures in the seven days preceding the weekend of the event, known as "lot week" and put on theatrical productions, sell food, and or offer games out of them during the weekend of the carnival.
At the end of the carnival awards are given to student group's structures for best construction, best production, best food, best game booth, most environmentally friendly, most money raised for charity, and best participation.

</doc>
<doc id="19381192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381192" title="Beta Horologii">
Beta Horologii

Beta Horologii (Beta Hor, β Horologii, β Hor) is the third brightest star in the constellation of Horologium. It is an A-type giant star with an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 4.979, and is a chemically peculiar star of the metallic-line type.

</doc>
<doc id="19381204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381204" title="Public housing in Canada">
Public housing in Canada

Public housing in Canada is a federal, provincial, or local program designed to provide subsidized assistance for low-income and poor people. Increasingly provided in a variety of settings, public housing used to be one or more blocks of low-rise and/or high-rise housing operated by a government agency.
History.
In 1938, the National Housing Act was passed into Federal law. In 1946, the Social Safety Net legislation was enacted. In 1948, Ontario passed the Ontario Housing Development Act. In the 1950s, the Local Housing Authorities were established, starting out as single-family dwellings. In 1964, the National Housing Act was revised and the Ontario Housing Corporation was founded to enable Ontario to manage its own public housing. The OHC was established under the Ontario Housing Corporation Act, funded by rental income and provincial and federal subsidies. During the 1970s, in Ontario, a great deal of money was invested into constructing large apartment buildings and duplexes. The 1980s were marked by the federal government promoting non-profit and co-op housing through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation. In 1998 Consolidated Municipal Service Managers took on the financial costs of social housing. The year 2000 was marked by the dissolution of the Ontario Housing Corporation and the introduction of the Social Housing Reform Act of Ontario.
Ontario.
In the year 2000, Ontario passed the Social Housing Reform Act to govern the management of provincially funded public housing. This legislation was part of the transfer of the housing portfolio from provincial to municipal government management.

</doc>
<doc id="19381210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381210" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T46">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T46

The Men's 100m T46 had its first round held on September 14 at 17:05 and the Final on September 15 at 10:24.

</doc>
<doc id="19381216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381216" title="Pietro Ballo">
Pietro Ballo

Pietro Ballo - Italian operatic singer (tenor), born October 2, 1952 in Palermo. He came from a family of laborers, working then himself in a quarry in Sicily before changing his professional orientation toward music. He enrolled into the school of singing at the Teatro Massimo in Palermo, then his operatic career started near the end of the 1980s, mostly in Italy, at various opera stages as well in concert halls.
During the 1970s he moved to Milan where he made his debut in such a role as Fenton in Verdi's Falstaff. He sang then roles of Rodolfo in La Bohème, Italian singer in Der Rosenkavalier, and Roland in Esclarmonde (Teatro Massimo, January 1993).
He made an impressive American television appearance in the Luciano Pavarotti specials of the 1990s "Pavarotti + Plus" singing with Shirley Verrett among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19381248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381248" title="Julius Pitzman">
Julius Pitzman

Julius Pitzman (1837–1923) was a Prussian-born American surveyor and city planner best known for his development of the private, gated neighborhoods in St. Louis, Missouri from 1867 through about 1914. 
Originally from Halberstadt, Pitzman came to the U.S. and was educated as a Topographical and Civil Engineer under the tutelage of his brother-in-law, St. Louis City Engineer Charles E. Solomon, and held several posts within the Engineer and Survey offices before lending his services as a lieutenant of Topographical Engineers in the American Civil War.
Badly injured in the war, afterward Pitzman served as St. Louis County Surveyor. During his tenure he helped design Forest Park, along with Maximillian G. Kern. In addition, he worked closely with many notable architects including Theodore C. Link. Like Link, Pitzman is buried at Bellefontaine Cemetery, and Pitzman Avenue stands between the cemetery and the Mississippi River toward the northeast. 
Pitzman's son Frederick Pitzman joined his father's firm in 1912, and the Pitzman Company was still in business in the 1990s.
Private Places.
Julius Pitzman was directly responsible for the development of the private place in St. Louis, a pioneering land-use concept both legally and in urban form, a direct precursor to the gated community. The idea allowed residential landowners to control real estate speculation and maintain property standards, in an era before the protections of zoning. Pitzman's use of curvilinear streets to maximize privacy and vary views was a novelty in that era. 
The National Register of Historic Places nomination for the Parkview Historic District in University City, Missouri states that Pitzman "designed over 47 private streets in the St. Louis area in the fifty years following 1867 and (his) work was an important influence on other city planners and developers." 
Pitzman himself planned some of the most affluent neighborhoods in the city, including Portland Place and Westmoreland Place. The Pitzman Company was responsible for the planning of Vandeventer Place, Compton Heights, Benton Place, Washington Terrace, Clifton Heights, and Parkview Place. Many of these developments are well-preserved and still gated, patrolled, and functioning as private enclaves.
Pitzman also designed a portion of the New Mount Sinai Cemetery in Affton, Missouri. He brought curving roads and luxuriant landscaping.

</doc>
<doc id="19381259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381259" title="Zhu Xicai">
Zhu Xicai

Zhu Xicai (朱希彩) (died 772), formally the Prince of Gaomi (高密王), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty. He initially served under Li Huaixian, the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing), which Li Huaixian governed in "de facto" independence from the imperial government. In 768, he, along with fellow officers Zhu Ci and Zhu Tao (Zhu Ci's brother), killed Li Huaixian and took over control of the circuit. In 772, he was himself killed and replaced by Zhu Ci.
Background.
Little is known about Zhu Xicai's background, and it is not known when he was born. According to the Tang Dynasty historian Ping Zhimei (平致美), whose "Jimen Jiluan" (薊門紀亂) is no longer extant but is often cited in other works, he served under Shi Chaoyi, the final emperor of the state of Yan during the An Shi Rebellion against Tang Dynasty rule, and, after Shi Chaoyi had become emperor after assassinating his father Shi Siming in 761, the Yan general remaining at the major city of Fanyang (范陽, in modern Beijing) went through major bloody infighting, at the end of which Li Huaixian emerged the victor. Zhu Xicai was then serving under Li, and he remained at Fanyang to continue to serve under Li after the disturbance. After Li submitted to Emperor Daizong of Tang in 763 and turned against Shi Chaoyi (leading to Shi Chaoyi's committing suicide, ending Yan), Zhu continued to serve under Li.
As "Jiedushi".
In 768, Zhu Xicai, along with his fellow officers Zhu Ci and Zhu Tao, who were brothers to each other but not to Zhu Xicai, rose in rebellion, killed Li Huaixian, and slaughtered Li's family. Zhu Xicai claimed the title of acting military governor and slaughtered Li Huaixian's household. When the military governor of neighboring Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei), Li Baochen, who had an alliance of Li Huaixian and lamented his death, subsequently attacked Lulong to try to avenge Li Huaixian, Zhu Xicai defeated him. The imperial government decided to placate Zhu Xicai by naming him deputy military governor and naming the chancellor Wang Jin military governor. When Wang subsequently arrived at Lulong, Zhu Xicai formally showed him the utmost respect, but had the soldiers be on high alert and did not allow Wang to take actual reign of the circuit. Wang, knowing that he would be unable to wrest control of the circuit from Zhu Xicai, stayed in Lulong only a few days before returning to the Tang capital Chang'an. Subsequently, Zhu Xicai was made acting military governor and, at the end of 768, military governor.
It was said that after Zhu Xicai was named military governor, he became arrogant and extravagant, and he mistreated his soldiers. He was also resistant to imperial authority, effectively ruling Lulong as an independent realm. In 772, his secretary Li Huaiyuan (李懷瑗), because the soldiers were angry at Zhu Xicai, assassinated him. Zhu Ci, who was then Zhu Xicai's deputy, succeeded him.

</doc>
<doc id="19381262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381262" title="1996 Buffalo Bills season">
1996 Buffalo Bills season

The 1996 Buffalo Bills season was their 37th in the league. The team matched their previous season's record of 10–6 and qualified for the playoffs, for the second consecutive season and eighth time in nine seasons. It was the final season for All-Pro QB Jim Kelly as he retired after the Playoff loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Preseason.
NFL Draft.
Mississippi State wide receiver Eric Moulds went on to be the second-leading receiver in Bills history (behind only Andre Reed), with 675 catches for 9,096 yards. He was elected to three Pro Bowls, in 1998, 2000 and 2002. 
Game summaries.
Week 2.
The Bills upended the Patriots 17–10. Quinn Early caught a 63-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter for Buffalo, then the Bills stopped the Patriots inside their five-yard line in the final seconds.
Week 3.
The Bills' first "Monday Night" appearance ended in ugly fashion as the Steelers erupted to more rushing yards (222 with two touchdowns from ex-Ram Jerome Bettis) than the Bills had total yards of offense (185). Carnell Lake picked off Jim Kelly and ran back a 47-yard score, part of a 24–6 Steelers win.
Week 4.
The Bills hosted the defending Super Bowl champs who were 1–2 and fell to 1–3 as Buffalo rushed for 135 yards and a Thurman Thomas score while intercepting Troy Aikman three times; the last came in the final minute, and Aikman was tackled awkwardly by Bruce Smith, necessitating a Monday examination of his ankle.
Week 5.
Bye week
Week 7.
Craig Erickson started for Dan Marino and the Dolphins led 14–7 late in the fourth on scores by Irving Spikes and Karim Abdul-Jabbar. Kelly completed a deep pass to Andre Reed and Reed was stopped at the 1-yard line by Terrell Buckley; the Dolphins held the Bills on the first three downs and Kelly was flagged for intentional grounding, forcing 4th and goal from the 11; Kelly's pass was picked off by Buckley at the 9 and Buckley ran back a 91-yard score. Reacting to fan booing after the 21–7 loss, a disconsolate Kelly said, "We deserved to be booed."
Week 8.
The Bills traveled to face the 0–8 New York Jets and kicker Steve Christie had a major workload as he booted five field goals to support a Darick Holmes score and to offset three touchdowns by ex-Bill Frank Reich (two to Keyshawn Johnson, one to Wayne Chrebet) and a two-point conversion to Kyle Brady. Christie's sixth field goal finished off a 25–22 Bills win.
Week 9.
On Sunday Night the Bills traveled to Foxboro Stadium and the ensuing game left them tied with the Patriots and Colts for the AFC East lead at 5–3. After trailing 13–0 the Bills clawed back despite a safety given up on an endzone penalty against Jim Kelly; the Bills led 18–15 in the fourth. With 1:25 to go Curtis Martin scored but Adam Vinatieri missed the PAT. Kelly was then intercepted by Willie McGinest and McGinest ran back a 46-yard score, but the Bills on a 48-yard score to Andre Reed pulled to within 28–25 with 30 seconds left; the ensuing onside kick was recovered by ex-Dolphin recently signed by the Patriots Keith Byars.
Week 10.
The Bills hosted the Washington Redskins and Darick Holmes had the game of his career as the Bills rushed for 266 yards (outgaining the entirety of the Skins offense by 28 yards) and five scores, four of them by Holmes. The Bills reached 6–3 with the 38–13 win while the Skins' seven-game winning streak crashed to a halt.
Week 11.
The Bills finished the NFC East portion of their schedule by upending the Eagles 24–17. Despite being outgained in total yards (385 to 252) the Bills forced two Eagles fumbles and also scored on a blocked punt.
Week 13.
The Bills hosted the 1–11 Jets and erupted to a 28–3 lead by the fourth quarter; after a Frank Reich touchdown to Jeff Graham the Bills scored again on Eric Moulds' 97-yard kickoff return. The 35–10 win left the Bills at 9–3 entering a three-game road trip.
Playoffs.
The first ever playoff game for the second-year Jaguars saw the game lead tie or change nine times. Natrone Means rushed for 175 yards and a touchdown while Mark Brunell threw for 239 yards, a score, and two interceptions; in the fourth Jeff Burris ran back a 38-yard score off a Brunell pick. The Jaguars rallied with two fourth-quarter scoring drives ending in a 45-yard field goal from future Bills kicker Mike Hollis. The game turned out to be the last home playoff game for the Bills entering 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19381357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381357" title="Letord Let.7">
Letord Let.7

__NOTOC__
The Letord (sometimes written as Letort) Let.7 was a military aircraft produced in France during the First World War, as a long-range reconnaissance aircraft, bomber and bomber escort. They were biplanes of unequal span with prominent and characteristic negative stagger on their wings. They were powered by twin engines mounted on short struts on the lower wing in tractor configuration, and had fixed tailskid undercarriage. Many of the subtypes were also equipped with a nosewheel to protect the aircraft and its crew from "nosing over" accidents while landing. The pilot sat in an open cockpit, with tail gunner in an open position amidships, and a third crewmember in an open position in the nose where he could act as gunner, observer, and bomb-aimer.

</doc>
<doc id="19381360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381360" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T52">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T52

The Men's 100m T52 had its Final held on September 13 at 19:20.

</doc>
<doc id="19381438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381438" title="Jim Crowe (footballer)">
Jim Crowe (footballer)

James 'Jim' Crowe (born 18 May 1909, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1930s.
Crowe started his career as a half forward flanker before being moved into defence as a rebound player.
He was a member of Carlton's losing 1932 Grand Final side and in 1936 crossed to Collingwood. In his first year with Collingwood he played in a premiership, occupying a back pocket in the Grand Final. 
In 1947 he coached Footscray for a season, with the club finishing ninth out of the twelve clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="19381458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381458" title="Andrew C. Skinner">
Andrew C. Skinner

Andrew C. Skinner (born 1951) was a dean of religious education at Brigham Young University and the author of a wide variety of books and articles on historical and doctrinal topics. Skinner currently serves as the executive director of the Neal A. Maxwell Institute for Religious Scholarship.
Biography.
Skinner grew up in Colorado. From 1970 to 1972 he was a missionary for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in the California Central Mission. He received his bachelor's degree from the University of Colorado.
Skinner holds a master's degree in theology from Harvard University and a Ph.D. in history from the University of Denver. Prior to joining the faculty of Brigham Young University, Skinner was a religion instructor at Ricks College for four years.
Skinner is the co-author of "Jerusalem: The Eternal City". He has written several books related to the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ including "The Garden Tomb". Among Skinner's works are several articles on LDS doctrinal topics in the "Encyclopedia of Latter-day Saint History", as well as the article on Abraham Lincoln in that volume. He wrote an article for the LDS magazine "Ensign" entitled "The Book of Abraham: A Most Remarkable Book" wherein he discusses LDS cosmology. Skinner also wrote the article on "Lincoln's Presidency" in the "Encyclopedia of North American History". He co-authored "Joseph: Exploring the Life and Ministry of the Prophet" with Susan Easton Black.
Skinner has served in several positions in the LDS Church including serving multiple times as a bishop. He has also served as a member of the Church's Correlation Evaluation Committee.
Skinner is married to Janet Corbridge. They are the parents of six children.

</doc>
<doc id="19381485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381485" title="Iosef Mikhailovich Oranski">
Iosef Mikhailovich Oranski

Iosef Mikhailovich Oranski (24 April 1923 - 16 May 1977), sometimes spelled Iosef Mikhailovich Oranskii, was a prominent Soviet linguist affiliated with the Leningrad Institute of Oriental Studies. His work on Iranian languages, as well as on Turkic and Indo-Aryan languages relating to Central Asia, are considered seminal. 

</doc>
<doc id="19381489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381489" title="MT-RNR2">
MT-RNR2

Mitochondrially encoded 16S RNA (often abbreviated as 16S) is a mitochondrial ribosomal RNA (rRNA) that in humans is encoded by the MT-RNR2 gene. The MT-RNR2 gene also encodes the Humanin polypeptide that has been the target of Alzheimer's disease research.

</doc>
<doc id="19381538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381538" title="Jennifer Love Hewitt">
Jennifer Love Hewitt

Jennifer Love Hewitt (born February 21, 1979) is an American actress, producer, author, television director and singer-songwriter. Hewitt began her acting career as a child by appearing in television commercials and the Disney Channel series "Kids Incorporated". She rose to fame in teenage popular culture in her roles in the Fox series "Party of Five" as Sarah Reeves Merrin, and films "I Know What You Did Last Summer" and its sequel as Julie James.
Hewitt starred on the hit CBS television program "Ghost Whisperer" (2005–10) as Melinda Gordon, for which she won a Saturn Award in 2007 and 2008 for Best Actress on Television. She starred in the Lifetime television series, "The Client List" (2012–13), and was previously nominated for a Golden Globe Award for the pilot movie. In addition to acting, she has served as a producer on some of her film and television projects.
As a singer, Hewitt has been signed by Atlantic Records and Jive Records, and is primarily known for her recordings in the pop genre. Her most successful single on the "Billboard" Hot 100 is the 1999 release "How Do I Deal", which peaked at No. 59. She has also contributed music to the promotion or soundtracks of acting projects.
Hewitt was identified as the "#1 reader choice" on the November 1999 and May 2009 covers of "Maxim". "TV Guide" named her the sexiest woman on television in 2008.
Early life.
Hewitt was born in Waco, Texas, to Patricia Mae (née Shipp), a speech-language pathologist, and Herbert Daniel Hewitt, a medical technician. Hewitt grew up in Nolanville, in Central Texas, and has close kinship ties in parts of Arkansas. Hewitt received her middle name after her mother promised her college friend (named "Love") that if she had a daughter, she would name the girl after her. Hewitt's older brother, Todd Hewitt, chose the name "Jennifer" as an homage to a crush he had at the time she was born. After their parents divorced, Hewitt and Todd were raised by their mother. Patricia Mae Hewitt died on June 12, 2012, aged 67, following a battle with cancer.
As a young girl, Hewitt was attracted to music, which led to her first encounters with the entertainment industry. At the age of three, she sang "The Greatest Love of All" at a livestock show. The following year, at a restaurant-dance hall, she entertained an audience with her version of "Help Me Make it Through the Night". By age five, she had tap dancing and ballet in her portfolio. At nine, she became a member of the Texas Show Team (which also toured in the Soviet Union).
At age ten, at the suggestion of talent scouts and after winning the title of "Texas Our Little Miss Talent Winner", she moved to Los Angeles with her mother to pursue a career in both acting and singing. In Los Angeles, she attended Lincoln High School where her classmates included Jonathan Neville, who became a talent scout and recommended Hewitt for her role in "Party of Five".
Career.
Acting.
After moving to Los Angeles, Hewitt appeared in more than twenty television commercials, including some for Mattel toys. Her first break came as a child actor on the Disney Channel variety show "Kids Incorporated" (1989–1991), where she was credited as "Love Hewitt." She later appeared in the live action video short "Dance! Workout with Barbie" (1992), released by Buena Vista.
She played Pierce Brosnan's daughter in a pilot for NBC called "Running Wilde" (1993), which featured Brosnan as a reporter for "Auto World" magazine, whose stories cover his own wild auto adventures. However, the series was not picked up and the pilot never aired. Hewitt later had roles in several short-lived television series, such as Fox's "Shaky Ground" (1992–1993), ABC's "The Byrds of Paradise" (1994), and "McKenna" (1994–1995), and finally became a young star after landing the role of Sarah Reeves Merrin on the popular Fox show "Party of Five" (1995–1999). She assumed the role of Sarah after joining that show during its second season and continued it on the short-lived "Party of Five" spin-off, "Time of Your Life" (1999), which she also co-produced. The show was cancelled after half a season.
Hewitt's first feature film role was in the independent film "Munchie" (1992). A year later, she achieved her first starring film role in "Little Miss Millions" (1993). She appeared as a choir member in "" (1993). Hewitt became a film star after a lead role in the horror film "I Know What You Did Last Summer" (1997), which enjoyed great box office success ($125,000,000 USD). Hewitt and her co-stars gained popular exposure from the film. She appeared in the sequel "I Still Know What You Did Last Summer" (1998), which, though not as successful as the first film, took in more money on its opening weekend. She starred in the high-school comedy "Can't Hardly Wait" (1998).
Hewitt starred in "The Audrey Hepburn Story" (2000). That same year, she was the "most popular actress on television" due to her Q-rating (a measurement of a celebrity's popularity) of 37. Noting her "Q-rating," Nokia chose her to become its spokesperson.
She starred alongside Sigourney Weaver in the romantic comedy "Heartbreakers" (2001) and did voiceover work in the animated film "The Hunchback of Notre Dame II" (2002) as Madellaine, the main protagonist's love interest. Hewitt wrote and performed "I'm Gonna Love You" for the film; the song won "Best Original Song" at the DVD Premiere Awards. She starred alongside Jackie Chan in "The Tuxedo" (2002), which received negative reviews from critics but was a box office success. Hewitt appeared in "If Only" (2004) and co-wrote and performed "Love Will Show You Everything" and "Take My Heart Back" for the film's soundtrack. She starred in ' (2004), which became her highest-grossing film to date ($200,804,534 USD). She reprised her role for the sequel, ' (2006), which, though it did not perform as well as its predecessor, achieved a strong box office gross.
Hewitt starred in the television series "Ghost Whisperer" (2005–2010), which ran on CBS for five seasons before being canceled by the network in May 2010. She reunited with her "I Know What You Did Last Summer" co-star, Freddie Prinze Jr., in "Delgo"; but when released in 2008, the film was a massive box office bomb, taking in only US$694,782 domestically. The film's failure is believed to have led Hewitt to take a leave of absence from feature films, which lasted for two years.
Hewitt ended her two-year absence from feature films by taking a lead role in the independent drama "Café" (2010) with her then-boyfriend Jamie Kennedy. She starred in the Lifetime film "The Client List" (2010), for which she received a Golden Globe nomination. The next year, Hewitt starred in the Hallmark Hall of Fame film "The Lost Valentine" (2011).
In 2011, Hewitt was announced to direct the film "Wait Till Helen Comes" (based on by Mary Downing Hahn). She had previously directed three episodes of "Ghost Whisperer", and this would be her feature film directorial debut. Production on the film was slated to begin in the summer of 2011, but no further announcements about the film have been made as of late April 2013. She also starred alongside Ivan Sergei and Joel David Moore in the independent comedy "Jewtopia" (2012).
Hewitt was a guest star on TV Land's "Hot in Cleveland" in 2011 and 2012. She starred in the television series "The Client List" (2012–13) until its cancellation in late 2013.
Music.
Hewitt was one of the back-up singers in Martika's number-one single, "Toy Soldiers" (1989).
At the age of 12, Meldac funded the recording of Hewitt's first album, "Love Songs" (1992). The album was released exclusively in Japan, where Hewitt became a pop star. Her explanation for her success in Japan is that the Japanese "love perky music. The poppier the music, the better."
After she joined the cast of "Party of Five", she signed to Atlantic Records, who rushed her second album, "Let's Go Bang" (1995), out in October. The album and its three singles failed to chart. Juggling her music career with her acting career, she recorded and released her follow-up album, "Jennifer Love Hewitt" (1996). The album, along with its four singles, failed to chart and Atlantic dropped Hewitt, who did not return to the music scene for three years.
She recorded the single "How Do I Deal" (1999) for the "I Still Know What You Did Last Summer" soundtrack. The song became Hewitt's first charting single, climbing to No. 59 on the Hot 100 and No. 36 on the Top 40 Mainstream. It reached No. 8 in Australia. Hewitt also recorded a cover of the Gloria Gaynor song "I Will Survive", which features briefly in the film.
She appeared in the LFO video for "Girl on TV" (1999), a song which a member of the band wrote for her. She also appeared in the music video for the Enrique Iglesias song, "Hero" (2001), as the singer's love interest.
In 2002, Hewitt signed to Jive Records and recorded her fourth album with singer, songwriter, and producer Meredith Brooks. The first single, "BareNaked" (2002), became her biggest radio hit to date when it peaked at No. 24 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart, No. 31 on the Adult Top 40 and No. 25 on the Top 40 Mainstream. It climbed to No. 6 in Australia, remaining there for two weeks, and reached No. 33 in the Netherlands. The song later featured in two episodes of "Ghost Whisperer": "The Vanishing" (Season 1, episode 20) and "The Collector" (Season 2, episode 20). The moderate success of the single propelled the album to peak at No. 37 on the "Billboard" 200 and No. 31 in Australia. However, it only remained on the chart for three weeks. The second single, "Can I Go Now" (2003), failed to chart in the US, while managing to peak at No. 8 in the Netherlands and No. 12 in Australia.
Since 2004, Hewitt has remained inactive in the music industry, but she released the compilation albums "" (2006) in Asia and "Hey Everybody" (2007) in Brazil. In 2009, reports surfaced that Hewitt was planning on making a country album and was in the process of writing material for it. Jamie Kennedy, Hewitt's boyfriend at the time, said: "I really want to make her a new demo for her music, because I think she should do singing again. She's so good." However, nothing has of yet come of the reports. Hewitt has remained mostly absent from the music scene, but in 2013, she recorded a cover of "I'm a Woman" to promote the second season of "The Client List" and shot a music video for the song, which reached the top ten in the iTunes Music Video chart.
Writing.
In November 2009, Hewitt made a foray into comic books. Writer Scott Lobdell scripted the five-issue anthology, "Jennifer Love Hewitt's Music Box" (2009–2010), based on Hewitt's ideas. The series was published by IDW Publishing, and was collected in a trade paperback.
She wrote a book titled "The Day I Shot Cupid" (2010), in which she speaks of her experiences with love and dating. During a January 2010 interview on "Lopez Tonight", Hewitt said that there was a chapter in the book about "vajazzling" her "vajayjay" (decorating her vulva with Swarovski crystals); Hewitt is said to have contributed to the popularization of this trend. The book became a "New York Times "Bestseller the week of its release. She announced via her Twitter page in June 2011 that she was penning a follow-up. There is an audiobook version Hewitt reads herself.
Personal life.
In 2002, a conspiracy theorist and former social worker, Diana Napolis, was arrested for stalking and uttering death threats against Hewitt and Steven Spielberg after "verbally confronting" the actress at the 2002 Grammy Awards and attempting to pose as one of Hewitt's friends to enter the premiere of "The Tuxedo". Napolis admitted to being involved in a shoving match with Hewitt's mother while confronting the actress. Napolis accused Hewitt, along with director Spielberg, of controlling her thoughts through "cybertronic" technology and being part of a Satanic conspiracy against her. Napolis was charged with six felonies related to the incidents. After a year of involuntary commitment, Napolis pleaded guilty and was released on bail with a condition that she was barred from contact with both Spielberg and Hewitt.
In late 2005, she began dating Scottish actor Ross McCall after he made an appearance on her show "Ghost Whisperer". They became engaged in November 2007, while vacationing in Hawaii. "People" magazine reported that Hewitt called off their engagement in late 2008. She subsequently dated her "Ghost Whisperer" co-star Jamie Kennedy from March 2009 to March 2010. In March 2012, Hewitt began dating her "The Client List" co-star Brian Hallisay. In June 2013, Hewitt announced that she and Hallisay were engaged and expecting their first child. They married later in 2013 on an unspecified date, and their daughter, Autumn James Hallisay, was born on November 26, 2013.
Bibliography.
Credits as an author:
Other credits:

</doc>
<doc id="19381555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381555" title="Anglesea Heath">
Anglesea Heath

Anglesea Heath is a 72 km2 area of natural heath, woodland and forest in Victoria, south-eastern Australia. It is about 100 km south-west of Melbourne, and is just north and west of the coastal town of Anglesea. Accessible via the Great Ocean Road, the Heath comprises 67 km2 of land managed for conservation, and 5 km2 of land used for coal mining and power generation by Alcoa Australia, at its Anglesea Power Station.
Anglesea Heath is subject to a cooperative management agreement between the Secretary of the Department of Sustainability and Environment, Victoria and Alcoa, and is managed by Parks Victoria. The Heath is notable for its floristic value, and is listed on the Australian Register of the National Estate for its botanical value.

</doc>
<doc id="19381566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381566" title="Mochio Umeda">
Mochio Umeda

Early life.
Mochio Umeda was born in Tokyo, Japan, on 30 August, the son of playwright Haruo Umeda. He attended Keio Youchisha primary school, and then went on to Keio junior, senior highschool, from 1973 to 1979. He studied at Keio University, Tokyo, from 1979 to 1983, where he studied Engineering. He then went on to study at Tokyo University, where he received a Master of Information Science.
Career.
Upon his graduation, he joined Arthur D. Little, an international management consulting firm and served as a strategist for Japanese IT companies.
In 1994, he moved to Silicon Valley as one of the Founding Directors of the Arthur D. Little Silicon Valley office.
In 1997, he left the firm and founded MUSE Associates, a strategic consulting company catering high-tech businesses for both Japanese and Silicon Valley companies, in Palo Alto, Ca.
In 2000, he established Pacifica Fund, a Silicon Valley venture fund specializing in early investments in select, emerging information technology, energy, and materials companies.
During 2001-2005, he served as a member of Management Advisory Board at NEC Corporation.
During 2001-2003, he served as a member of Advisory Board at NTT Docomo.
During 2002-2004, he served as a member of Advisory Board at Omron.
In 2005, he joined the Board of Hatena Inc. (Resigned in 2011)
In 2010, he joined the Board of Ricoh Company, Ltd.
Writings.
Web Shinkaron (Theory of Web Evolution), Web Jidai wo Yuku (The Web and the Rest of Us), Web Jidai no Itsutsu no Teiri (5 Principles in the Web Era).
In 2006, he wrote "Web Shinkaron", in which he elucidated the rapid changes then happening in the IT industry, mainly from Silicon Valley. The book became a best-seller, appealing to both experts and laypeople of the industry with clear and well-structured explanations, and he successively went on to write "Web Jidai wo Yuku (2007)" and "Web Jidai Itsutsu no Teiri (2008)". The trilogy sold more than 800,000 copies in total, and his voice and insights regarding the IT industry are still most valued in Japan.
Yoshiharu Habu and Modern Shogi translation project.
When he published his 7th book, "シリコンバレーから将棋を観る 羽生善治と現代 'Yoshiharu Habu and Modern Shogi'", Umeda announced in his blog that he would allow anyone to translate it into any language without permission from him or the publisher (20 April 2009). Four days after the publication of the book on April 25, a Japanese college student announced on his blog that he had started a project to translate the book into English, which immediately attracted many collaborators. A French version of the project also started around the same time.
Within a week since its inception, the first draft of the English project was finished and made public, making it possible for anyone to participate and make corrections regarding English, whose quality was not perfect since no professional translator was a member of the initial group of this project. The leader of the project emphasizes the characteristics of the project as open-source, asking for unexpected contributions from unexpected places (e.g. A non-Japanese shogi lover might make a film explaining some difficult shogi moves in the book and post it on YouTube, or she might want to create a computer shogi which is stronger at shogi than human.) In this regard, it is possible to say that this project not only helps spread shogi, which is one of the most prominent Japanese traditional cultures, to the world but also contributes to introducing open-source-mindedness to the Japanese web.

</doc>
<doc id="19381587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381587" title="National Day (Singapore)">
National Day (Singapore)

The National Day of Singapore is celebrated every year on 9 August, in commemoration of Singapore's independence from Malaysia in 1965. This holiday features a National Day Parade, an address by the Prime Minister of Singapore, and fireworks celebrations.
National Day Parade.
The Singapore National Day Parade is a national ceremony that is usually held at the National Stadium or the Padang. For the first time in 2007, it was held at Marina Bay in lieu of the National Stadium, and this arrangement is expected to be maintained until the new sports hub is opened in April 2014.
National Day Rally.
On the 2nd/3rd Sunday after the National Day, the Prime Minister of Singapore makes an annual address to the nation, called the National Day Rally. A yearly event since 1966, the Prime Minister uses this rally to address the nation on its key challenges and its future directions, and can be compared to the State of the Union Address delivered by the President of the United States. Prior to 2005, the rally was a continuous speech from 8 pm (SST). From 2005, the Malay and Chinese versions were delivered at 6.45 pm with a break at 7.30 pm while the English version was delivered at 8 pm. Opposition MPs have been invited to the rally since 2007.
Singapore Fireworks Celebrations.
National Day celebrations also include fireworks celebrations. They feature several local and foreign teams which launch fireworks displays on different nights. First held in 2004 at Marina Bay, the event was initially known as the Singapore Fireworks Festival and organised by Unusual Productions. The amount of fireworks used has grown in magnitude over the past three years, from 4,000 rounds used in 2004 to over 9,000 in 2006. In 2012, a a Mentos commercial that encouraged procreation during the same time as the fireworks celebration.

</doc>
<doc id="19381593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381593" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T53">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T53

The Men's 100m T53 had its competition held on September 16 with the first round at 11:51 and the final at 17:48.

</doc>
<doc id="19381596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381596" title="Richard Reeves (animator)">
Richard Reeves (animator)

Richard Reeves (animator) (September 21, 1959 – ) is a Canadian animated film maker. He is known for his whimsical abstract animated films created using a drawn on film technique.
In many of his films, Reeves uses a technique called Direct Sound in which the animator intentionally draws marks in the sound strip area of a film in order to produce a soundtrack.
Biography.
Richard R. Reeves was born in Weymouth, England and has been living in Canada since 1960. He attended Sault College of Applied Arts & Technology.
His early artwork explored painting, printmaking, photography, and music which led him to animate directly onto the filmstrip as if it was a long and narrow canvas. His début animation 'Linear Dreams' was produced by drawing both the sound and picture directly onto the film.
Awards.
Linear Dreams screened at festivals around the world receiving several awards including Best Canadian Short Film at the Ottawa International Festival, Best Abstract Film at the Zagreb International Animation Festival and Jury Award at the Brisbane International Animation Festival in Australia.
His work has been recognized by the Canadian Film Centre, the Canadian Consulate, Museum of Modern Art NYC, and the iOTA Centre for Visual Music.
Filmography.
2006 / 2.5min./ 35mm : scope
contemplation of aural and visual perceptions,
commissioned work for the Liaison of Independent Filmmakers of Toronto.
2004 / 4.5 min. / 35 mm 
inspired by the elements of nature.
2002 / 24sec. / 35mm
cameraless animation film introducing the Ottawa International Animation Festival.
2001 / 2.5 min. / 35mm
exploring the one to one relationship between sound and picture as visual music.
1999 / 30 sec. / 35mm
cameraless animation interpreting CFMDC as a trailer for the Canadian Filmmakers Distribution Centre.
1999 / 4 min. / 35mm
an animated look into the sparkling ocean at night, sound and picture drawn on film.
1997 / 7 min. 35mmBesides using a drawn on film technique for the images i
images from the minds eye, music from the minds ear, sound and picture drawn on film.
1994 / 1 min. / 35mm
zig zag pictures dance to zig zag sounds, etched directly on to one piece of film.
1993 / 2 min. / 16mm
abstract colors and forms to original jazz music, painted directly on to film.
1992 / 3 min. / 16mm
mythological story, created specially for “Return to Exceptional Pass”, Whyte Museum of the Canadian Rockies, Banff.
1991 / 1 min. / 16mm
inspired by pictographs at Writing on Stone Park, pastel on paper.
Sources.
http://www.awn.com/mag/issue3.6/3.6pages/3.6moritzfilms.html

</doc>
<doc id="19381601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381601" title="Wakara War">
Wakara War

The Wakara or Walkara War was a low intensity conflict between Chief Walkara (Circa 1808-1855) and his Ute band and Mormon settlers in present day south central Utah. It is sometimes called the Walker War, for no other reason than white recorders of the history could not pronounce Walkara.
The conflict erupted in July 1853 near present-day Springville, Utah when one of Walkara's tribe was killed in an altercation with local settlers in a trade dispute. Walkara demanded that the killer be turned over to his tribe for punishment, but was refused.
Walkara proceeded to raid Mormon settlements in retaliation and the conflict spread. However, not all Utes were united in the controversy. In March 1854, Brigham Young, president of the LDS Church, sent major E.A. Bedell, the federal Indian agent, to meet with Walkara and other Ute leaders. Bedell was to inquire if they would make a treaty with Young for the sale of their land. During the meeting with Bedell, Walkara stated that "he would prefer not to sell if he could live peacefully with the white people which he was anxious to do."
Shortly thereafter, the conflict died down. Walkara died of pneumonia on 28 January 1855. The story of his body being buried with his goods, including horses and young Indian slaves, has become the stuff of legend.
However, tensions remaining from the conflict and some who refused to accept the peace eventually resulted in another incident which precipitated the longer and more costly Ute Black Hawk War a decade later.

</doc>
<doc id="19381606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381606" title="Mercury Insurance Group">
Mercury Insurance Group

Mercury Insurance Group is an American automobile and property insurance company founded by George Joseph in 1961. The company is headquartered in Los Angeles, CA.
History.
George Joseph founded Mercury Insurance in 1961 after working in the industry for a few years. Created to be a low cost alternative to larger insurance companies, Mercury Insurance found a profitable niche by offering private passenger automobile policies at a reduced premium for better than average risks. The key to this strategy was, and continues to be very tight underwriting and tight claims handling. The company operated solely in California until 1990, and since then has started expanding into a few other tough market states where nationwide carriers had ceased to operate.
On October 14, 2005, Fitch Ratings affirmed its 'A' long-term issuer rating on Mercury General Corporation and its 'A' rating on Mercury's senior unsecured notes due 2011. 
Criticism.
A March 2007 market conduct exam by the California Department of Insurance alleged that Mercury Insurance may have repeatedly engaged in practices that discriminated against active members of the U.S. military, the unemployed, those of certain occupations such as bartenders and painters, and unmarried adults living together. Additionally the company was alleged to have been inconsistent in its application of certain discounts, which resulted in some of its customers being overcharged. 
Representatives of Mercury Insurance were quick to argue that the leak of the conduct exam was a politically motivated move meant to benefit California Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner, a Republican candidate for California governor in the 2010 gubernatorial election.

</doc>
<doc id="19381618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381618" title="International Society for Justice Research">
International Society for Justice Research

The International Society for Justice Research is an interdisciplinary scholarly scientific organization dedicated to the interdisciplinary study of justice and the related phenomena of morality and ethics. ISJR fosters international and interdisciplinary collaboration and promotes the exchange of new ideas, research, and theories related to justice and these related phenomena. ISJR facilitates such collaboration and exchange and the dissemination of knowledge through the publication of an academic journal Social Justice Research, the conduct of biennial scientific conferences, regular newsletters, and informal discussion by means of a listserv. Through these activities ISJR connects scholars in a wide variety of disciplines and geographic locations who are all focused on the study of justice. Scholars from a host of fields, including social psychology, sociology, economics, ethology and animal behavior, history, law and others are represented among the society's membership.
History.
Early steps towards the establishment of ISJR were taken when the social psychologist Melvin J. Lerner accepted the Cleveringa Chair at the University of Leiden in 1984. His visit and the exchanges it facilitated led to a First International Conference on Social Justice in Human Relations, organized by Riel Vermunt in Leiden in 1986.
A Second International Conference followed in 1988, again organized by Riel Vermunt in Leiden, at which the idea of a research center took shape, furthered in particular by Melvin Lerner, Herman Steensma, and Riel Vermunt. In 1989, a Center for Social Justice Research was formed cooperatively between the Universities of Leiden, Waterloo and Utrecht, with Melvin Lerner as director, and Piet Hermkens and Riel Vermunt as associate directors.
Further International Conferences were held in Utrecht, Netherlands (1991), Trier, Germany (1993), and Reno, NV, USA (1995), before at a sixth conference in Potsdam, Germany, in 1997, Leo Montada was charged with transforming the scientific network into an institutionalized association: the International Society for Justice Research. Founding members of ISJR were Ron Cohen, Karen Cook, Ron Dillehay, Russel Hardin, Melvin Lerner, Gerold Mikula, Leo Montada (founding president), Tom Tyler, and Riel Vermunt.
Aims of the Society.
Questions about justice, which have occupied many scholars across different scientific disciplines for centuries, are ubiquitous in interpersonal relations, within and between communities, social groups, organizations, and states. They are at the core of social conflicts and essential for sustainable conflict resolutions. Given the importance of justice issues in everyday life, ISJR was founded with the aim of advancing justice research in every way. Its mission is to further three main goals:
Meetings.
The society meets biennially as a forum for the exchange and discussion of knowledge related to the multiple facets of justice and fairness. Information about upcoming and past meetings is available at http://isjr.jimdo.com/conferences/upcoming-isjr-conference/
Journal.
The journal "Social Justice Research" (SJR) was founded in 1987 by Melvin Lerner to publish work related to the growing field. The journal, published quarterly, is covered by the ISI Social Sciences Citation Index. The journal is explicitly interdisciplinary, covering research from psychology, sociology, anthropology, economics, social policy research, political science, law, management science, and other fields that relates to the origins, structures, and consequences of justice in human affairs.
Awards.
The ISJR Lifetime Achievement Award is presented bi-annually to honor distinguished lifetime contributions to the scientific study of justice and for efforts to advance justice as a field of study.
The ISJR Early Career Contribution Award is presented bi-annually to an accomplished young researcher in order to foster, encourage, and support excellence in justice-related scholarship.
The Morton Deutsch Award is presented annually for the best article published in the society’s journal, "Social Justice Research", every year, with preference given to contributions from investigators who are early in their research careers. The award is named after one of the society’s most prolific and influential contributors, Morton Deutsch.

</doc>
<doc id="19381628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381628" title="Take a Deep Breath (album)">
Take a Deep Breath (album)

Take a Deep Breath is the second full length album by Canadian glam metal band, Brighton Rock. The album was released in 1988. "Take a Deep Breath" is Brighton Rock's most commercially successful album, peaking at #22 on the Canadian album chart. The album was also certified Gold by the CRIA. Gerry McGhee announced on April 30th, 2013 that Take A Deep Breath will be remastered by Warner Records
Track listing.
All songs by Gerry McGhee and Greg Fraser, except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="19381647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381647" title="Apsley River (New South Wales)">
Apsley River (New South Wales)

Apsley River, a perennial stream of the Macleay River catchment, is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales, Australia.
Course and features.
Apsley River rises in high country of the Tia Range, part of the Great Dividing Range, approximately west of the locality of Tia and approximately south of Walcha. The river flows generally north through the town of Walcha and on to make a dramatic spilling over the Apsley Falls, descending approximately into the Apsley Gorge, towards its confluence with the Macleay River, approximately southwest of the locality of Lower Creek. The Apsley River is joined by seven tributaries, including the Tia River and Yarrowitch River, as it makes its course, descending over .
Together with the Macleay River, the Apsley River has developed deeply incised river valleys into Ordovician meta-sedimentary rocks including greywacke, slate, phyllite, schist, chert and argillites. This has produced a number of spectacular gorges and waterfalls on or near the Apsley River in the Oxley Wild Rivers National Park.
The Apsley Macleay Gorges are a converging point for moister eastern coastal and dry western floras, and some 950 native plant species have been identified, of which 36 are rare or threatened. The gorge wattle is a rare species that mainly grows in the Apsley-Macleay gorges. Epiphytic orchids may also be observed growing in trees.
The entire length of the Apsley River is within the boundaries of Walcha Shire and Vernon County.
Dingos, brumbies, carpet pythons, goannas and feral pigs inhabit parts of the warmer, lower reaches of the Apsley River.
History.
The traditional custodians of the land surrounding the Apsley River are the Aboriginal people of the Ngayaywana and Dyangadi nations. Archaeological evidence of Aboriginal camp sites have been found on the upper terraces of the Apsley and Macleay Rivers.
In 1818 explorer, John Oxley, camped beside the Apsley River very near the present townsite en route to the coast. A cairn now marks his campsite alongside the Apsley River, which Oxley named after The Lord Apsley, Secretary of State for Colonies. He recorded the event in his diary that day: 
"We halted in a fine and spacious valley ... watered by a fine brook, and at a distance of a mile we saw several fires at which appeared many natives."
Australian red cedar ("Toona ciliata") cutters were active in the area's rainforests before 1860. Some red cedar trees may still be seen in the more remote tributaries of the river.
The deep "Mill Hole" in the Apsley River, above the Fitzroy Street bridge, was used as the local swimming hole until the Walcha and District War Memorial Baths were completed in October 1970.
In 1981 the Electricity Commission of New South Wales (Elcom) proposed to build a large pumped storage scheme on the Apsley River to supply electricity for peak energy demand periods. During late 1981 Elcom improved the Cicolini Trail to the Apsley River and installed a river gauging station. The project was shelved following a land use study recommending a major national park be established. In 1986 the park was gazetted to foster nature conservation, cultural heritage and tourism on the Northern Tablelands.
The Lower Apsley River Landcare Group was formed in 1993 to improve the health of the riparian zone of the Apsley River. This landcare group encompasses an area of approximately between Walcha and the Oxley Wild Rivers National Park. Since its establishment, the group has planted 320,000 trees across 140 sites, most of which were thriving as at 2008.
In 2007, the old single lane wooden bridge over the Apsley River in Walcha was replaced with the two-lane bridge, with a pedestrian pathway, located on Middle Street.
Flooding.
The Apsley River flooded Walcha in 1893, 1935, 1941 and 1952. The maximum period between floods up to 1962 was ten years. Walcha's worst flood was on 12 January 1962, when 40 business houses and 39 residences were flooded. Losses were in the vicinity of 250,000. A public appeal raised A$11,000 and the Armidale Lord Mayor's fund gave £8,650. It cost the Walcha Shire $2,000 to clean up the town, however the amount of work carried out by volunteers would have doubled this figure.
In September 1967 Walcha Council decided to proceed with flood mitigation, provided it did not exceed $140,000. By September 1971, all required land had been resumed to give the council full control for flood mitigation purposes. The scheme was almost complete by October 1973 and the flood warning system on "Somerset" became redundant. Since the construction of the levee banks there has been no further flooding of the township.
The Apsley River flooded on 28 November 2008, causing major damage to farming properties and livestock losses. The levee banks saved Walcha township from flooding.

</doc>
<doc id="19381652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381652" title="2008 UAB Blazers football team">
2008 UAB Blazers football team

The 2008 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Blazers' head coach was Neil Callaway, who entered his second year at UAB. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama and competed in the East Division of Conference USA. They improved upon a 2–10 record from the 2007 season and finished the 2008 campaign with an overall record of 4–8 (3–5 C-USA).
All games were broadcast live on the UAB-ISP Sports radio network. The flagship was WWMM 100.5 FM in Birmingham, and this marked the first season for it serving as the flagship. The games were called by David Crane (play-by-play) and Jake Arians (color commentary), with Pat Green and Dan Burks as field reporters. Other UAB radio programming was carried on WJOX 94.5 FM. The team did not have a local TV contract, but their games appeared nationally on cable television five times—one on Raycom Sports, two on CSS, and two on CBS College Sports (formerly CSTV).
Preseason.
Recruiting.
In what was the second recruiting class for head coach Neil Callaway, UAB signed 25 recruits. 
Game Summaries.
Tulsa.
The Blazers began their season at home against Golden Hurricane of Tulsa, but after taking a 13-7 lead after the first would fall by a final score of 45-22. UAB would score first on a 32 yard touchdown pass from Joe Webb to Frantell Forrest. Tulsa would respond with a 10-yard David Johnson pass to Jacob Collums, only to have UAB take a 13-7 lead on a 9-yard Jeffery Anderson touchdown reception. Tulsa would respond with a pair of consecutive touchdowns in the second to take a 21-13 lead before Forrest returned a kickoff 90-yards for a touchdown to bring the score to 21-19. A late 32-yard Swayze Waters field goal would give the Blazers a 22-21 halftime lead. However, UAB would not score again for the afternoon and lose by a final score of 45-22. 
Florida Atlantic.
The Blazers first road game of the 2008 season took UAB to Ft. Lauderdale, where they would lose too the FAU Owls in a 49-34 shootout. After going down 14-0 on a pair of FAU touchdown passes, UAB would score its first points on a 27-yard Swayze Waters field goal. The Owls would answer with a touchdown run early in the second in taking a 21-3 lead only to see the blazers respond with a pair of Joe Webb touchdown passes, 20-yards to Zach Lankford and 19-yards to Frantell Forrest, in closing the gap to 21-17. However, FAU would score once more before the half in taking a 28-17 halftime lead. 
The Blazers would open the third by scoring on a 2-yard Aaron Johns run only to see the Owls once again respond with another touchdown. After a late 43-yard Waters field goal in the third, UAB's final points would come in the fourth on a 10-yard Justin Brooks touchdown run. 
Tennessee.
Traveling to Knoxville to face the Volunteers, all the Blazers could manage was a single 47-yard Swayze Waters field goal in the third to avoid the shutout in this 35-3 defeat. For the game, UAB was outgained on offense 275 to 548 total yards.
Alabama State.
The Blazers would amass 486 yards of total offense in winning their first game of the 2008 season with a 44-10 victory over the Hornets of Alabama State. UAB would strike first on a 41-yard Joe Web run with the Hornets responding in kind on a 39-yard Rei Herchenbach touchdown pass to Darius Mathis in tying the game at 7-7 midway through the first quarter. The Blazers would regain the lead late in the first quarter, and never relinquish it again on a 24-yard Webb touchdown pass to Jeffery Anderson. In the second, the Blazers would add another pair of touchdowns on an 11-yard Rashaud Slaughter run and a 36-yard Webb pass to Anderson in taking a 28-7 halftime lead. 
UAB would continue to amass points in the third on another pair of touchdowns coming on a 6-yard Slaughter run and 15-yard Justin Brooks run in extending their lead to 42-7 entering the fourth. In the fourth, each team would exchange a pair of field goals in bringing the final score to 45-10. For the game, Joe Webb would rush for 121 yards and a touchdown and pass for 238 yards and a pair of touchdowns.
South Carolina.
Traveling to face their second SEC opponent on the 2008 season, the Blazers were defeated 26-13 by the home Gamecocks in Columbia. After only connecting on a pair of Swayze Waters field goals in the first half, the Blazers lone touchdown came late in the fourth on a 1-yard Joe Webb run. 
Memphis.
In the annual "Battle for the Bones", Memphis defeated UAB 30-33 on a Thursday night in Birmingham. The Blazers would get on the board in the first after Joe Webb connected with Mike Jones for a 16-yard touchdown reception, followed with an 18-yard Swayze Waters field goal to give the Blazers a 10-0 lead entering the second quarter. After Memphis scored early in the second, UAB would respond with a 9-yard Webb run to take a 16-7 lead. However this would be UAB's final lead of the evening as Memphis would score another pair of touchdowns in taking a 20-16 lead at the half. In the second half, Webb would score on runs of 12 and 10-yards in the third and fourth quarters respectively, but were unable to take the lead in falling by a final score of 30-33. For the game, Webb rushed for 93 yards and three touchdowns in addition to passing for 235 yards and another touchdown for the evening. 
Houston.
In the first conference road game of the 2008 season, the Blazers would fall 20-45 at Houston. UAB would dominate the first half in taking a 20-3 lead going into the half. The Blazer would score on a pair of Swayze Waters field goals (50 and 23 yards respectively) and on a 3-yard Joe Webb touchdown run and a 21-yard, Zach Lankford touchdown reception. However, 42 unanswered Cougar points in the second half would provide Houston the 45-20 victory.
Southern Miss.
The Blazers were out-rushed 96 to 463 total yards in this 70-14 blowout loss on the road to the Golden Eagles. After going down 28-0 after the first, UAB would score their first points on a 14-yard Joe Webb touchdown pass to Rashaud Slaughter early in the second. The Blazers only other points would come in the third on a 12-yard Mario Wright touchdown reception. For the game, the Golden Eagles out-gained the Blazers in total offense by a final margin of 610 to 223 yards, with both USM's Tory Harrison and V.J. Floyd each gaining over 100 yards on the ground. 
Tulane.
Following a bye week, the Blazers would make the trip to the Superdome and emerge with a 41-24 victory over the home Green Wave. 
East Carolina.
This 17-13 Pirates victory marked the first all-time win for East Carolina in Legion Field against the Blazers. 

</doc>
<doc id="19381660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381660" title="Letord Let.9">
Letord Let.9

__NOTOC__
The Letord Let.9 was a night bomber built in France late in the First World War. It was a large biplane of largely conventional design, with unstaggered wings of equal span. The empennage consisted of a single, large, triangular fin and biplane horizontal stabilisers. Twin engines were mounted in the interplane gaps and the main undercarriage units were fitted with dual wheels. The Aéronautique Militaire gave it the designation BN.2 ("Bombardement de Nuit" - "Night Bomber", 2 seats).
The Let.9 was never produced in series; plans to do so were cancelled with the end of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19381675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381675" title="Chesterfield coat">
Chesterfield coat

The Chesterfield coat is a long, tailored overcoat. It arose along with the lounge suit as an alternative to the highly shaped coats it replaced, such as the frock overcoat with its heavy waist suppression using a waist seam. The Chesterfield has no horizontal seam or sidebodies, but can still be somewhat shaped using the side seams and darts. It can be single- or double-breasted, and has been popular in a wide variety of fabrics, typically heavier weight tweeds, or charcoal and navy, and even the camel hair classic. It has often been made with a velvet collar. These variations make it extremely versatile, so it can be worn with a city suit or even semi-formal dress, as well as casual sports jackets. It was a staple of smartly dressed men's wardrobes from the 1920s to 1960s, and is still very commonly worn.
It was named after the Earl of Chesterfield.

</doc>
<doc id="19381681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381681" title="Susumu Ishikawa">
Susumu Ishikawa

Ishikawa won the 1966 Japan Record Award in the Children's Song category. In 1968, he won an award at the Moscow Film Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19381689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381689" title="Paul Schettler">
Paul Schettler

Paul August Schettler (August 13, 1827 – November 3, 1884) was a 19th-century Latter-day Saint leader and interpreter.
Schettler was born near the city of Koblenz, Prussia. He emigrated to the United States in 1858, settling in New York City. He was baptized into The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in that city on the 9 February 1860. The baptism was performed by George Q. Cannon.
Schettler moved to Utah Territory in 1860. In 1861, he was called to serve as mission president in the Netherlands. After a short time there he was reassigned to Switzerland where he served as a missionary until 1864.
Schettler then returned to Utah where he worked as a treasurer. He served as the treasurer and interpreter for George A. Smith's delegation that went to Palestine in 1872 and 1873.
Schettler died of a stroke in Salt Lake City in 1884.

</doc>
<doc id="19381695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381695" title="Battle of Kumanovo">
Battle of Kumanovo

The Battle of Kumanovo or Battle of Kumanova (Macedonian and Serbian Cyrillic: Кумановска битка) on 23–24 October 1912 was a major battle of the First Balkan War. It was an important Serbian victory over the Ottoman army in the Kosovo vilayet, shortly after the outbreak of the war. After this defeat, the Ottoman army abandoned the major part of the region, suffering heavy losses in manpower (mostly due to desertions) and in war materiel.
Background.
The objective of the Serbian army plan was to destroy the Ottoman army in a decisive battle before the Ottomans could complete the mobilisation and concentration of forces. The Serbian planners assumed that the main Ottoman force would be deployed defensively in the valley of Vardar and on the strategically important plateau of Ovče Pole. The aim was to double envelop the Ottoman army by using three armies:
The Serbian Commander-in-Chief was General Radomir Putnik.
According to the initial Ottoman plan, created by Colmar Freiherr von der Goltz, the Ottoman forces in Macedonia would stay in defense and, if necessary, retreat to Albania. The decisive battle would take place in Thrace, versus the Bulgarian army. However, Nazim Pasha, the newly appointed commander-in-chief of the Ottoman army, decided to surprise the Serbs by taking an offense in Macedonia. The plan also included the offense in Thrace. His goal was to win the initial battles against the surprised allies, hoping that the Great powers would then intervene and stop the war.
The Ottoman mobilisation in Macedonia was slow, and the Ottoman Vardar Army, led by Zeki Pasha, had little more than a half of its manpower mobilised when the war started. The army was composed of:
Prelude.
Even before the war was declared, border skirmishes occurred. On the 15 October, the front of the Toplica group of the Third Army, Serbian chetniks, acting on their own, attacked the Ottoman forces; although the Serbian deployment had not been completed yet. The Ottomans counterattacked, but they were stopped by the Morava Division II. The fighting on the border lasted until 19 October when the Ottomans were forced to retreat. On 21 October the entire Third Army began its advance and on 22 October, without serious resistance, entered Priština.
On 18 October, Bulgarian 7th Rila Infantry Division of the Second Army started its advance towards Gorna Dzhumaya, while the rest of the army advanced towards the village of Stracin and captured it on 21 October.
The First Army crossed the border on 20 October and in the evening of 22 October reached the outskirts of Kumanovo.
At the other side, as soon as his forces were deployed, Zeki Pasha decided to take the offensive towards Kumanovo. In the evening of 22 October, Vardar Army gathered in the valley of Pčinja River. While Zeki Pasha had the precise information about the strength and disposal of the Serbian forces, the Serbian command did not realise that the battle with the main Ottoman force would start the very next morning. Not expecting the attack, Serbs did not fortify their positions, which were topographically strong. Still, only two out of five infantry divisions were deployed in the front echelon – Danube Division I on the left wing, with Cavalry Division behind it, and Morava Division I on the right wing. The left flank was particularly vulnerable, because Srtevica, the important topographic object, was defended by local irregulars.
During the night of 22/23 October, VI Corps (17th Infantry Division and Monastir Infantry Division) crossed Pčinja and took the position in the Ottoman centre, on the hill of Zebrnjak. The main forces of V Corps (13th Infantry Division and Štip Infantry Division) remained on the left bank of Pčinja, forming the right of the Ottoman's which was acting as a reserve and protecting the route from Stracin, while the main forces of VII Corps (19th Infantry Division and Üsküb Infantry Division) were on the left side.
Battle.
23 October.
The morning of 23 October was foggy, and reconnaissance could not be performed properly. On the Serbian left flank, the observers noticed the troops of 17th Infantry Division in movement, but mistook them for the Ottoman battery withdrawing from Stracin. Troops of the 18th regiment of Danube Division I, which moved forward to capture it, were pushed back, as well as the reconnaissance forces of Cavalry Division.
Observing the retreat of these Serbian units, Zeki Pasha concluded that the Serbian left wing was weak. Since there were no actions of the Second Army from Stracin, he decided to attack. Around 11:00, with artillery support, V and VI Corps attacked the positions of Danube Division I. Soon, 13th and 17th Infantry Division forced the 18th regiment to retreat in disorder, but, instead of continuing the attack, Zeki Pasha waited for the arrival of Štip Infantry Division from the rear to use this division to attack the Serbian flank and rear. That enabled the Serbian 7th regiment to aid the wavering 18th regiment and to consolidate a defense. Soon after that, the Serbian 8th regiment arrived, and 7th regiment was able to move to the left flank and reinforce the defense of Srtevica, which was endangered by an attack by the Štip Infantry Division. On the right flank of Danube Division I, its 9th regiment halted the advance of the weakened Monastir Infantry Division.
Around 12:00, VII Corps started its attack on the positions held by Morava Division I. However, Serbian infantry and artillery were already deployed for combat, as the artillery fire from the east suggested that the battle has started. After the initial Ottoman progress, Serbs counterattacked and pushed them back to their starting positions. After the Serbian counterattack, Ottoman units were kept at bay by the well organised Serbian artillery fire until the end of day.
The Serbian rear echelon divisions (Danube Division II on the left, Drina Division I in the centre and Timok Division II on the right) and the army artillery were not informed about the combat operations. They remained in the rear, without participating in the first day of the battle. The First Army command did not receive precise information about the battle and did not have any influence on the actual combat. Despite these facts, the Ottoman attack of the 23 October was not successful, mostly thanks to ""the high devotion of (Serbian) troops and lower officers"".
24 October.
Uninformed about the situation in the field, the First Army command did not realise that the attack of the main Ottoman forces had occurred, as those forces were expected on Ovče Pole. Assuming that the Ottoman units north of Kumanovo were merely forward detachments, it ordered the troops to continue their advance towards south, as previously planned. After midnight, it received a report from Danube Division I which stated that the division was attacked by the strong enemy forces and suffered heavy casualties, but at that moment it was too late for any change of orders.
On the other side, Zeki Pasha decided to continue the attack with the hope that his forces would be able to achieve victory on the following day.
The Ottoman attack on their right wing started around 5:30. VI Corps was assigned to tie up as many enemy forces as possible by attacking from the front, while Štip Infantry Division was again assigned to flank attack. Danube Division I again had to withstand heavy pressure, but around 10:00 parts of Danube Division II arrived from the rear and strengthened the defense. At the same time, Cavalry Division moved to the left bank of Pčinja and slowed the advance of Ottoman forces towards Srtevica. Around 12:00, parts of Danube Division II reinforced the defense of Srtevica, definitely stopping the advance of the Ottoman right wing.
On the left Ottoman wing, a lot of reservists from Üsküb Infantry Division had deserted during the night, upon hearing that the Third Army had captured Priština and that it is marching towards Skopje. Still, at 5:30, VII Corps started the attack. However, Morava Division I counterattacked at 6:00 and with the arrival of Timok Division II from the rear they forced the entire Ottoman left wing to retreat.
Around 9:30, Drina Division II from the rear echelon of the First Army arrived to the front and attacked the Ottoman centre. Around 11:00, Monastir Infantry Division started to retreat. The commander of VI Corps managed to temporarily halt the Serbian advance by using his last reserves, but in the repeated attack around 13:00, Drina Division I captured Zebrnjak, the main object in Ottoman defense, and forced 17th Infantry Division to retreat. With Üsküb Infantry Division and Monastir Infantry Division already retreating, the battle was resolved. At 15:00, Morava Division I entered Kumanovo.
Ottoman forces retreated in disorder: VII and parts of VI Corps towards Skopje and V and parts of VI Corps towards Štip and Veles. Serbian troops missed the chance to pursue them.
Aftermath.
The Ottoman Vardar Army fought the battle according to plan, but despite this, suffered a heavy defeat. Although Zeki Pasha operationally surprised the Serbian command by his sudden attack, the decision to act offensively against the superior enemy was a grave error which determined the outcome of Battle of Kumanovo. On the other side, the Serbian command started the battle without plans and preparations, and missed the chance to pursue the defeated enemy and effectively end the operations in the region, although it had the fresh troops of the rear echelon available for such action. Even after the end of battle, the Serbs still believed that it was fought against weaker Ottoman units and that main enemy forces were on Ovče Pole.
Nevertheless, the Battle of Kumanovo was a decisive factor in the outcome of the war in the region. The Ottoman plan for an offensive war had failed, and the Vardar Army was forced to abandon much territory and lost a significant number of artillery pieces without the possibility to reinforce, because the supply routes from Anatolia were cut.
The Vardar Army was not able to organise the defense on Vardar River and was forced to abandon Skopje, retreating all the way to Prilep. The First Army advanced slowly and entered Skopje on 26 October. Two days later, it was strengthened by Morava Division II, while the rest of the Third Army was sent to Metohija and then through northern Albania to the Adriatic coast. The Second Army was sent to aid the Bulgarians in the Siege of Adrianople, while the First Army was preparing for an offense towards Prilep and Bitola.

</doc>
<doc id="19381720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381720" title="Irvine Inlet">
Irvine Inlet

Irvine Inlet () is a body of water in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in western Cumberland Sound, forming a wedge into Baffin Island's Hall Peninsula. There are many irregularly shaped islands at the mouth of the inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="19381741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381741" title="Cheonggyesan (Gwacheon/Seongnam)">
Cheonggyesan (Gwacheon/Seongnam)

Cheonggyesan is a mountain in South Korea. It extends over the district of Seocho-gu in Seoul, the national capital, and the cities of Gwacheon, Uiwang, and Seongnam in the province of Gyeonggi-do. It has an elevation of .
Transportation.
From Yangjae Station take bus number 4432
From Indeogwon Station Exit 2 take bus number 10 or 10-1 to the "Cheonggyesan Parking Lot" Stop 
From Moran Station Exit 3 take the Neighborhood bus number 11-1

</doc>
<doc id="19381762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381762" title="Lou Gehrig">
Lou Gehrig

Henry Louis "Lou" or "Buster" Gehrig (June 19, 1903 – June 2, 1941) was an American baseball first baseman who played 17 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Yankees (1923–1939). Gehrig was renowned for his prowess as a hitter and for his durability, a trait which earned him his nickname "The Iron Horse". He finished with a career batting average of .340, an on-base percentage of .447, and a slugging percentage of .632, and he tallied 493 home runs and 1,995 runs batted in (RBIs). A seven-time All-Star and six-time World Series champion, Gehrig won the Triple Crown in 1934 and was twice named the American League's (AL) Most Valuable Player. Gehrig was the first MLB player to have his uniform number retired, and he was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1939.
A native of New York City and attendee of Columbia University, Gehrig signed with the Yankees in 1923. He set several major league records during his career, including the most career grand slams (23) (since broken) and most consecutive games played (2,130), a record that stood for 56 years and was long considered unbreakable until surpassed by Cal Ripken, Jr. in 1995. Gehrig's streak ended in 1939 after he was stricken with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), a disorder now commonly referred to as "Lou Gehrig's Disease" in North America, which forced him to retire at age 36 and claimed his life two years later. The pathos of his farewell from baseball was capped off by his iconic "Luckiest Man on the Face of the Earth" speech at the original Yankee Stadium.
Gehrig was voted the greatest first baseman of all time by the Baseball Writers' Association in 1969, and was the leading vote-getter on the Major League Baseball All-Century Team chosen by fans in 1999. A monument in Gehrig's honor, originally dedicated by the Yankees in 1941, currently resides in Monument Park at Yankee Stadium. The Lou Gehrig Memorial Award, given annually to the MLB player best exhibiting the integrity and character of Gehrig, was named in the first baseman's honor.
Early life.
Gehrig was born in the East Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, weighing almost at birth. He was the second child out of four to German immigrants. His father Heinrich was a sheet metal worker by trade, but frequently unemployed due to alcoholism, and his mother Christina was a maid, the main breadwinner and disciplinarian in the family. His two sisters died from whooping cough and measles at an early age; a brother also died in infancy. Young Gehrig helped his mother with her work, doing tasks such as folding laundry and picking up supplies from the local stores. In 1910, Gehrig lived with his parents at 2266 Amsterdam Avenue in Washington Heights. In 1920, the family resided on 8th Avenue in Manhattan.
Gehrig first garnered national attention for his baseball ability while playing in a game at Cubs Park (now Wrigley Field) on June 26, . Gehrig's New York School of Commerce team was playing a team from Chicago's Lane Tech High School, in front of a crowd of more than 10,000 spectators. With his team winning 8–6 in the top of the ninth inning, Gehrig hit a grand slam completely out of the major league park, an unheard-of feat for a 17-year old.
Lou Gehrig attended PS 132 in the Washington Heights section of Manhattan, then went to Commerce High School, graduating in 1921. Gehrig then studied at Columbia University for two years, although he did not graduate. While attending Columbia, he was a member of Phi Delta Theta fraternity. Initially, Gehrig went to Columbia on a football scholarship, where he was preparing to pursue a degree in engineering. However before his first semester, under the influence of New York Giants manager John McGraw, he was advised to play on a summer professional baseball team under a false name, Henry Lewis, despite the fact that it could jeopardize his collegiate sports eligibility. After only a dozen games played for the Hartford Senators in the Eastern League, he was discovered, and then banned from collegiate sports his freshman year. In 1922, Gehrig returned to the collegiate sport atmosphere where he was a talented fullback for the Lions football program. Later, in 1923, he would play first base and pitch for Columbia.
On April 18, , the same day that Yankee Stadium opened for the first time and Babe Ruth inaugurated the new stadium with a home run, Columbia pitcher Gehrig struck out seventeen Williams College batters to set a team record; however, Columbia lost the game. Only a handful of collegians were at South Field that day, but more significant was the presence of Yankee scout Paul Krichell, who had been trailing Gehrig for some time. It was not Gehrig’s pitching that particularly impressed him; rather, it was Gehrig’s powerful left-handed hitting. During the time Krichell had been observing the young Columbia ballplayer, Gehrig had hit some of the longest home runs ever seen on various Eastern campuses, including a home run on April 28 at Columbia's South Field, which landed at 116th Street and Broadway. Within two months, Gehrig had signed a Yankee contract. Gehrig returned to minor-league Hartford to play parts of two seasons, 1923 and 1924, batting .344 and hitting 61 home runs in 193 games (It was the only time he ever played any level of ball—sandlot, high school, collegiate or pro—for a non-New York City-based team).
Major League career.
New York Yankees (1923-1939).
Gehrig joined the New York Yankees midway through the 1923 season and made his debut on June 15, 1923, as a pinch hitter. In his first two seasons, he saw limited playing time, mostly as a pinch hitter — he played in only 23 games and was not on the Yankees' 1923 World Series roster. In 1925, he batted .295, with 20 home runs and 68 runs batted in (RBIs).
The 23-year-old Yankee first baseman's breakout season came in 1926, when he batted .313 with 47 doubles, an American League-leading 20 triples, 16 home runs, and 112 RBI. In the 1926 World Series against the St. Louis Cardinals, Gehrig hit .348 with two doubles and 4 RBIs. The Cardinals won a seven-game series four games to three.
1927.
In 1927, Gehrig put up one of the greatest seasons by any batter in history, hitting .373, with 218 hits: 52 doubles, 18 triples, 47 home runs, a then-record 175 runs batted in (surpassing teammate Babe Ruth's 171 six years earlier), and a .765 slugging percentage. His 117 extra-base hits that season are second all-time to Babe Ruth’s 119 extra-base hits in 1921 and his 447 total bases are third all-time, after Babe Ruth's 457 total bases in 1921 and Rogers Hornsby's 450 in 1922. Gehrig's production helped the 1927 Yankees to a 110–44 record, the AL pennant, and a four-game sweep of the Pittsburgh Pirates in the 1927 World Series. Although the AL recognized his season by naming him league MVP, it was overshadowed by Babe Ruth’s 60 home run season and the overall dominance of the 1927 Yankees, a team often cited as having the greatest lineup of all time — the famed "Murderers' Row".
Despite playing in the shadow of the larger-than-life Ruth for two-thirds of his career, Gehrig was one of the highest run producers in baseball history: he had 509 RBIs during a three-season stretch (1930–32). Only two other players, Jimmie Foxx with 507 and Hank Greenberg with 503, have surpassed 500 RBIs in "any" three seasons; their totals were non-consecutive. (Babe Ruth had 498.) Playing 14 complete seasons, Gehrig had 13 consecutive seasons with 100 or more RBIs (a major league record shared with Foxx until eclipsed in 2010 by Alex Rodriguez). Gehrig had six seasons where he batted .350 or better (with a high of .379 in 1930), plus a seventh season at .349. He had seven seasons with 150 or more RBIs, 11 seasons with over 100 walks, eight seasons with 200 or more hits, and five seasons with more than 40 home runs. Gehrig led the American League in runs scored four times, home runs three times, and RBIs five times. His 184 RBIs in 1931 remain the American League record as of 2010 and rank second all-time to Hack Wilson's 191 RBIs in 1930. On the single-season RBI list, Gehrig ranks second, fifth (175), and sixth (174), with four additional seasons over 150 RBI. He also holds the baseball record for most seasons with 400 total bases or more, accomplishing this feat five times in his career. He batted fourth in the lineup to Ruth's third in the order, making it impractical to give up an intentional walk to Ruth.
During the 10 seasons (1925–1934) in which Gehrig and Ruth were both Yankees and played a majority of the games, Gehrig had more home runs than Ruth only once, in 1934, when he hit 49 compared to Ruth’s 22 (Ruth played 125 games that year). They tied at 46 in 1931. Ruth had 424 home runs compared to Gehrig’s 347. However, Gehrig outpaced Ruth in RBI, 1,436 to 1,316. Gehrig had a .343 batting average, compared to .338 for Ruth.
1932.
In 1932, Gehrig became the first player of the 20th century to hit four home runs in a game, accomplishing the feat on June 3 against the Philadelphia Athletics. He narrowly missed getting a fifth home run in the game when Athletics center fielder Al Simmons made a leaping catch of another fly ball at the center field fence. After the game, manager Joe McCarthy told him, "Well, Lou, nobody can take today away from you." On the same day, however, John McGraw announced his retirement after thirty years of managing the New York Giants. McGraw, not Gehrig, got the main headlines in the sports sections the next day. The following year, in September 1933, Gehrig married Eleanor Twitchell, the daughter of Chicago Parks Commissioner Frank Twitchell.
1936.
In a 1936 World Series cover story about Lou Gehrig and Carl Hubbell, "Time" proclaimed Gehrig "the game's No. 1 batsman", who "takes boyish pride in banging a baseball as far, and running around the bases as quickly, as possible".
2,130 consecutive games.
On June 1, 1925, Gehrig entered the game as a pinch hitter, substituting for shortstop Paul "Pee Wee" Wanninger. The next day, June 2, Yankee manager Miller Huggins started Gehrig in place of regular first baseman Wally Pipp. Pipp was in a slump, as were the Yankees as a team, so Huggins made several lineup changes to boost their performance. Fourteen years later, Gehrig had played 2,130 consecutive games. In a few instances, Gehrig managed to keep the streak intact through pinch hitting appearances and fortuitous timing; in others, the streak continued despite injuries. For example:
In addition, X-rays taken late in his life disclosed that Gehrig had sustained several fractures during his playing career, although he remained in the lineup despite those previously undisclosed injuries. On the other hand, the streak was helped when Yankees general manager Ed Barrow postponed a game as a rainout on a day when Gehrig was sick with the flu—even though it was not raining.
Gehrig's record of 2,130 consecutive games played stood until September 6, 1995, when Baltimore Orioles shortstop Cal Ripken, Jr. broke it.
Illness.
Although his performance in the second half of the 1938 season was slightly better than in the first half, Gehrig reported physical changes at the midway point. At the end of that season, he said, "I tired mid-season. I don't know why, but I just couldn't get going again." Although his final 1938 statistics were above average (.295 batting average, 114 RBI, 170 hits, .523 slugging percentage, 689 plate appearances with only 75 strikeouts, and 29 home runs), they were significantly down from his 1937 season, in which he batted .351 and slugged .643. In the 1938 World Series, he had four hits in 14 at-bats, all singles.
When the Yankees began their 1939 spring training in St. Petersburg, Florida, it was clear that Gehrig no longer possessed his once-formidable power. Even Gehrig's base running was affected, and at one point he collapsed at Al Lang Field, then the Yankees' spring training park. By the end of spring training, Gehrig had not hit a home run. Throughout his career, Gehrig was considered an excellent baserunner, but as the 1939 season got under way, his coordination and speed had deteriorated significantly.
By the end of April, his statistics were the worst of his career, with one RBI and a .143 batting average. Fans and the press openly speculated on Gehrig's abrupt decline. James Kahn, a reporter who wrote often about Gehrig, said in one article:
He was indeed meeting the ball, with only one strikeout in 28 at-bats; however, Joe McCarthy found himself resisting pressure from Yankee management to switch Gehrig to a part-time role. Things came to a head when Gehrig had to struggle to make a routine put-out at first base. The pitcher, Johnny Murphy, had to wait for Gehrig to drag himself over to the bag so he could field the throw. Murphy said, "Nice play, Lou."
On April 30, Gehrig went hitless against the Washington Senators. Gehrig had just played his 2,130th consecutive major league game.
On May 2, the next game after a day off, Gehrig approached McCarthy before the game in Detroit against the Tigers and said, "I'm benching myself, Joe," telling the Yankees' skipper that he was doing so "for the good of the team." McCarthy acquiesced, putting Ellsworth "Babe" Dahlgren in at first base, and also said that whenever Gehrig wanted to play again, the position was his. Gehrig himself took the lineup card out to the shocked umpires before the game, ending the fourteen-year streak. Before the game began, the Briggs Stadium announcer told the fans, "Ladies and gentlemen, this is the first time Lou Gehrig's name will not appear on the Yankee lineup in 2,130 consecutive games." The Detroit Tigers' fans gave Gehrig a standing ovation while he sat on the bench with tears in his eyes. A wire service photograph of Gehrig reclining against the dugout steps with a stoic expression appeared the next day in the nation's newspapers. Gehrig stayed with the Yankees as team captain for the rest of the season, but never played in a major league game again.
Diagnosis.
As Lou Gehrig's debilitation became steadily worse, his wife, Eleanor, called the famed Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. Her call was transferred to Charles William Mayo, who had been following Gehrig's career and his mysterious loss of strength. Mayo told Eleanor to bring Gehrig as soon as possible.
Gehrig flew alone to Rochester from Chicago, where the Yankees were playing at the time, arriving at the Mayo Clinic on June 13, 1939. After six days of extensive testing at Mayo Clinic, the diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) was confirmed on June 19, Gehrig's 36th birthday. The prognosis was grim: rapidly increasing paralysis, difficulty in swallowing and speaking, and a life expectancy of less than three years, although there would be no impairment of mental functions. Eleanor Gehrig was told that the cause of ALS was unknown but it was painless, non-contagious and cruel — the motor function of the central nervous system is destroyed but the mind remains fully aware to the end.
He often wrote letters to Eleanor, and in one such note written shortly afterwards, said (in part):
Following Gehrig's visit to the Mayo Clinic, he briefly rejoined the Yankees in Washington, D.C. As his train pulled into Union Station, he was greeted by a group of Boy Scouts, happily waving and wishing him luck. Gehrig waved back, but he leaned forward to his companion, a reporter, and said, "They're wishing me luck — and I'm dying."
In 2012, some Minnesota State legislators sought to unseal Lou Gehrig’s medical records, which are held by the Mayo Clinic, in an effort to see if Gehrig’s ALS had any connection with concussion-related trauma he received during his career.
Retirement.
On June 21, the New York Yankees announced Gehrig's retirement and proclaimed July 4, , "Lou Gehrig Appreciation Day" at Yankee Stadium. Between games of the Independence Day doubleheader against the Washington Senators, the poignant ceremonies were held on the diamond. In its coverage the following day, "The New York Times" said it was "perhaps as colorful and dramatic a pageant as ever was enacted on a baseball field 61,808 fans thundered a hail and farewell." Dignitaries extolled the dying slugger and the members of the 1927 Yankees World Series team, known as "Murderer's Row", attended the ceremonies. New York Mayor Fiorello La Guardia called Gehrig "the greatest prototype of good sportsmanship and citizenship" and Postmaster General James Farley concluded his speech by predicting, "For generations to come, boys who play baseball will point with pride to your record."
Yankees Manager Joe McCarthy, struggling to control his emotions, then spoke of Lou Gehrig, with whom there was a close, almost father and son-like bond. After describing Gehrig as "the finest example of a ballplayer, sportsman, and citizen that baseball has ever known", McCarthy could stand it no longer. Turning tearfully to Gehrig, the manager said, "Lou, what else can I say except that it was a sad day in the life of everybody who knew you when you came into my hotel room that day in Detroit and told me you were quitting as a ballplayer because you felt yourself a hindrance to the team. My God, man, you were never that."
The Yankees retired Gehrig's uniform number "4", making him the first player in Major League Baseball history to be accorded that honor. Gehrig was given many gifts, commemorative plaques, and trophies. Some came from VIPs; others came from the stadium's groundskeepers and janitorial staff. Footage of the ceremonies shows Gehrig being handed various gifts, and immediately setting them down on the ground, because he no longer had the arm strength to hold them. The Yankees gave him a silver trophy with their signatures engraved on it. Inscribed on the front was a special poem written by "The New York Times" writer John Kieran. The trophy cost only about $5, but it became one of Gehrig's most prized possessions. It is currently on display at the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum.
"The Luckiest Man on the Face of the Earth".
After the presentations and remarks by Babe Ruth, Gehrig addressed the crowd:
The crowd stood and applauded for almost two minutes. Gehrig was visibly shaken as he stepped away from the microphone, and wiped the tears away from his face with his handkerchief. Babe Ruth came over and hugged him as a band played "I Love You Truly" and the crowd chanted "We love you, Lou." "The New York Times" account the following day called it "one of the most touching scenes ever witnessed on a ball field", that made even hard-boiled reporters "swallow hard."
Hall of Fame.
On December 7, 1939, Lou Gehrig was elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in a special election related to his illness during the winter meeting by the Baseball Writers Association. At age 36, he was the second youngest player to be so honored (behind Sandy Koufax). He never had a formal induction ceremony. On July 28, 2013, he and eleven other deceased players, including Rogers Hornsby received a special tribute during the "Induction Ceremony", held during "Hall of Fame Induction Weekend", July 26–29 in Cooperstown, New York.
Final years.
"Don't think I am depressed or pessimistic about my condition at present," Lou Gehrig wrote following his retirement from baseball. Struggling against his ever-worsening physical condition, he added, "I intend to hold on as long as possible and then if the inevitable comes, I will accept it philosophically and hope for the best. That's all we can do."
In October 1939, he accepted Mayor Fiorello La Guardia's appointment to a ten-year term as a New York City Parole Commissioner and was sworn into office on January 2, 1940. The Parole Commission commended the ex-ballplayer for his "firm belief in parole, properly administered", stating that Gehrig "indicated he accepted the parole post because it represented an opportunity for public service. He had rejected other job offers – including lucrative speaking and guest appearance opportunities – worth far more financially than the $5,700 a year commissionership." Gehrig visited New York City's correctional facilities, but insisted that the visits not be covered by news media. Gehrig, as always, quietly and efficiently performed his duties. He was often helped by his wife Eleanor, who would guide his hand when he had to sign official documents. About a month before his death, when Gehrig reached the point where his deteriorating physical condition made it impossible for him to continue in the job, he quietly resigned.
Death.
On June 2, 1941, at 10:10 p.m., sixteen years to the day after he replaced Wally Pipp at first base and two years after his retirement from baseball, Lou Gehrig died at his home at 5204 Delafield Avenue in the Riverdale section of the Bronx, New York.
Upon hearing the news, Babe Ruth and his wife Claire went to the Gehrig house to console Eleanor. Mayor LaGuardia ordered flags in New York to be flown at half-staff, and Major League ballparks around the nation did likewise.
Following the funeral at Christ Episcopal Church of Riverdale, Gehrig's remains were cremated and interred on June 4 at Kensico Cemetery in Valhalla, New York. Lou Gehrig and Ed Barrow are both interred in the same section of Kensico Cemetery, which is next door to Gate of Heaven Cemetery, where the graves of Babe Ruth and Billy Martin are both located in Section 25.
The Gehrigs had no children. Eleanor, who never remarried, dedicated the remainder of her life to supporting ALS research. She died 43 years after Lou on March 6, 1984, on her 80th birthday, and was interred with him in Kensico Cemetery.
Monument.
The Yankees dedicated a monument to Gehrig in center field at Yankee Stadium on July 6, , the shrine lauding him as, "A man, a gentleman and a great ballplayer whose amazing record of 2,130 consecutive games should stand for all time." Gehrig's monument joined the one placed there in 1932 to Miller Huggins, which would eventually be followed by Babe Ruth's in 1949.
Memorial plaques.
Gehrig's birthplace in Manhattan, at 1994 Second Avenue (near E. 103rd Street), is memorialized with a plaque marking the site, as is another early residence on E. 94th Street (near Second Avenue). (As of 26/12/2011, the first mentioned plaque is not present due to ongoing construction. The second mentioned plaque is present, but ascribes to his birthplace, not early residence.) The Gehrigs' white house at 5204 Delafield Avenue in the Riverdale section of the Bronx, where Lou Gehrig died, still stands today on the east side of the Henry Hudson Parkway and is likewise marked by a plaque.
Records, awards, and accomplishments.
Sixty years after his farewell to baseball, Gehrig received the most votes of any baseball player on the Major League Baseball All-Century Team, chosen by fan balloting in 1999.
In 1999, editors at "Sporting News" ranked Lou Gehrig sixth on their list of "Baseball's 100 Greatest Players".
Film and other media.
In an episode of the PBS series "Jean Shepherd's America", the Chicago-born Shepherd told of how he and his father (Jean Shepherd, Sr.) would watch Chicago White Sox games from the right field upper deck at Comiskey Park in the 1930s. On one occasion, the Sox were playing the Yankees, and Shepherd Sr. had been taunting Gehrig, yelling at him all day. In the top of the ninth, with Sox icon Ted Lyons holding a slim lead, Gehrig came up with a man on base, and the senior Shepherd yelled in a voice that echoed around the ballpark, "Hit one up here, ya bum! I dare ya!" Gehrig did exactly that, hitting a screaming liner, practically into the heckler's lap, for the eventual game-winning home run. Shepherd's father was booed mercilessly, and he never again took junior Jean to a game. He apparently told this story originally when Gehrig's widow was in the audience at a speaking engagement.

</doc>
<doc id="19381763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381763" title="Robert Peel Inlet">
Robert Peel Inlet

Robert Peel Inlet is a body of water in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in western Cumberland Sound, forming a wedge into Baffin Island's Hall Peninsula. There are many irregularly shaped islands at the mouth of the inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="19381777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381777" title="KZSA-LP">
KZSA-LP

KZSA-LP is a low-power television station in San Angelo, Texas. broadcasting locally on UHF channel 43 as an affiliate of MTV2.

</doc>
<doc id="19381812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381812" title="Heinrich von Laufenberg">
Heinrich von Laufenberg

Heinrich von Laufenberg (ca. 1390–1460) was a German Roman Catholic fertile writer in prose and verse of the fifteenth century.
Biography.
He was a priest in Freiburg (in Breisgau), and later dean of the cathedral. In 1445 he entered the cloister of the Knights of St. John.
He died at Strasburg in 1460.
Writings.
Among his works there is a collection of sermons, also rhymed German versions of two lengthy Latin works. A German translation of the "Speculum humanæ salvationis" or 'Mirror of human salvation', dating from 1437, gives an account of the Fall and Redemption, with a number of Biblical and profane stories interspersed and symbolically interpreted. The other Latin work, the "Opus figurarum" of Konrad von Alzei, is devoted to the glorification of the Blessed Virgin, stories of the Old Testament being explained allegorically and mystically with reference to the Virgin Mary. None of these works has come down to us, the manuscripts having been destroyed during the 1870 siege of Strasburg in the Franco-Prussian War.
A metrical German version of a Latin hygienic treatise from 1429, called "Regimen Sanitatis" 'regimen of health', is still extant. 
But the chief significance of Laufenberg is as a writer of religious lyrics. Some of these are renderings of Latin hymns, while others are original poems expressive of his love for Jesus and Our Lady.
Most noteworthy are his recasts of worldly lyrics and folksongs in religious form (so-called Contrafacta 'counterfeit'). In these he adhered as closely as possible to the form and diction of the folksong, retaining the popular melodies but infusing into them a religious spirit.
While most of these poems are simple and effective, many of his original poems are marred by a laboured artificiality, acrostics and other metrical devices being quite common. His translations show occasional latinisms; sometimes, Latin and German verses are intermingled.

</doc>
<doc id="19381830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381830" title="Zhu Ci">
Zhu Ci

Zhu Ci (朱泚) (743–784) was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty. He initially served as military governor ("Jiedushi") of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing), but later became a general for the imperial government. Resentful that he was removed from his command due to the rebellion by his brother Zhu Tao, when Emperor Dezong of Tang fled the capital Chang'an after a mutiny, Zhu Ci declared himself emperor of a new state of Qin (later changed to Han). He was defeated and forced to flee Chang'an himself in 784 and was killed in flight.
Background.
Zhu Ci was born in 743, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family was from You Prefecture (幽州, in modern Beijing). Both his great-grandfather Zhu Li (朱利) and grandfather Zhu Siming (朱思明) served as minor imperial officials. His father Zhu Huaigui (朱懷珪) served as an officer under Pei Kuan (裴寬) the military governor of Fanyang Circuit (范陽, headquartered at You Prefecture), commanding Pei's guards, and was given a general title. Zhu Huaigui later served as a general for the rebel Yan state after An Lushan, then the military governor of Fanyang, rebelled against Emperor Xuanzong's rule in 755. At the end of the rebellion, when the Yan general then in charge of Fanyang, Li Huaixian, submitted to the rule of Emperor Xuanzong's grandson Emperor Daizong, Li Huaixian made Zhu Huaigui the prefect of Ji Prefecture (薊州, in modern Tianjin), and Zhu Huaigui continued to serve under Li Huaixian until Zhu Huaigui's death in 766.
Zhu Ci himself was said to have started a military career in his youth on account of his father. He was strong and large in size, and he was capable in horsemanship, archery, and other military arts. He was said to appear lenient but actually stricter than he appeared. However, he was also said to be generous, and whenever he led a military mission, he would distribute the spoils to his subordinates. He was thus able to receive the support of his soldiers.
Service under Li Huaixian and Zhu Xicai.
Zhu Ci served under Li Huaixian as well, but in 768, he and his younger brother Zhu Tao, as well as a colleague, Zhu Xicai, plotted to kill Li. Under the plan, Zhu Ci and Zhu Tao arrived at Li's headquarters and killed the guards on the outside, but when Zhu Xicai did not then arrive with his troops to enter and kill Li, Zhu Ci became apprehensive and considered fleeing, staying only after Zhu Tao commented, "If our plan fails, we will die anyway. Why bother fleeing?" Zhu Xicai soon arrived, and they entered, killed Li, and slaughtered his family. Zhu Xicai claimed the title of acting military governor. The imperial government, later in the year, acquiesced and made Zhu Xicai military governor. Zhu Ci continued to serve under Zhu Xicai, and it was said that because they shared the same surname, Zhu Xicai trusted him greatly.
Zhu Xicai, however, was said to be cruel and harsh, alienating his subordinates. In 772, Zhu Xicai's secretary Li Huaiyuan (李懷瑗), because the soldiers were angry at Zhu Xicai, assassinated him. Initially, the headquarters fell a state of confusion. Zhu Tao, who commanded the headquarter guards at the time, quickly induced his soldiers into proclaiming that the only person qualified to succeed as military governor was Zhu Ci. The other officers agreed, and Zhu Ci, who was then outside the circuit capital, was welcomed back to the capital to take over command. Zhu Ci claimed the title of acting military governor and sent messengers to the Tang capital Chang'an to report what had happened. Emperor Daizong made Zhu Ci the military governor and created him the Prince of Huaining.
As "Jiedushi" of Lulong.
At that time, the Tang western border was often subject to Tufan incursions, and the imperial governor regularly conscripted troops from the circuits to participate in defense in the fall — a season when Tufan often attacked. However, ever since the end of the Anshi Rebellion, Lulong Circuit had not submitted to such conscription. In 773, Zhu Ci, breaking that tradition and showing submission to the imperial government, sent Zhu Tao with 5,000 elite soldiers to Chang'an to participate in the fall defense. Emperor Daizong was very pleased, and he welcomed Zhu Tao in great feasts and gave him much reward.
Under Zhu Tao's subsequent suggestion—that going to Chang'an himself will show great faithfulness to the emperor—Zhu Ci himself offered to command the Lulong troops in fall defense in 774. Emperor Daizong agreed, and further built a large mansion for Zhu Ci in anticipation of his arrival. In fall 774, Zhu Ci, leaving Zhu Tao in acting command of Lulong, left Lulong and headed for Chang'an. When he got to Wei Prefecture (蔚州, in modern Zhangjiakou, Hebei), he grew ill. His subordinates requested that he return to Lulong and wait until his illness got better. Zhu Ci refused, stating, "Even if I die, continue on and carry my body to Chang'an." The subordinates did not dare to urge him otherwise any further. When he arrived at Chang'an, as he was the first military governor who had ever visited Chang'an from An Lushan's old territory since the Anshi Rebellion, the officials and people were lined up to welcome him, in such a massive display that it was said that they looked like long walls. Emperor Daizong invited Zhu Ci and his subordinates to a feast at Yanying Hall (延英殿), and it was said that Emperor Daizong gave him unprecedented rewards. For that fall, the fall defense troops were divided into four commands, between Zhu Ci and three other prominent generals, Guo Ziyi, Li Baoyu, and Ma Lin (馬璘).
As imperial general and official.
After Zhu Ci left Lulong, however, even though he remained military governor, Zhu Tao killed a number of his close associates, and the relationship between the brothers deteriorated. Zhu Ci, believing that it would not be safe for him to return to Lulong, requested to remain at Chang'an. Emperor Daizong agreed, but let him keep the title of military governor while making Zhu Tao acting military governor. In 775, Zhu Ci was put in charge of the defense post Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi), and in 776 was given the "de facto" chancellor designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事). He returned to Chang'an around the new year 778. He was soon given the additional title of military governor of Longyou Circuit (隴右, headquartered in modern Haidong Prefecture, Qinghai) -- which had fallen to Tufan and thus was a largely honorary title—and was given the command of the armies originally sent from Hexi (河西, headquartered in modern Wuwei, Gansu, which had also fallen to Tufan since their departure) and Zelu (澤潞, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi) Circuits. In 778, he submitted to Emperor Daizong what he thought to be a sign of fortune—a mouse living peacefully with a mother cat and her kittens. Chang considered this a sign of fortune and congratulated Emperor Daizong, but Chang's subordinate Cui Youfu, who was serving as "Zhongshu Sheren" (中書舍人, a mid-level official at the legislative bureau of government (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng")) disagreed, argued that this was against the cat's nature and was a sign that officials were not carrying out their responsibilities. Later in the year, when there was a Tufan incursion, Zhu Ci commanded soldiers in defending against the incursion, along with Guo Ziyi and Duan Xiushi. In 779, his noble title was changed from Prince of Huaining to Prince of Suining.
Later in 779, Emperor Daizong died and was succeeded by his son Emperor Dezong. In the aftermaths of Emperor Daizong's death, Chang and Cui had a major dispute over the proper period for the officials to wear mourning clothes for Emperor Daizong—whether they should wear mourning clothes for only three days (as per Emperor Daizong's will), which Cui advocated, or 27 days (the same length as Emperor Dezong himself were to do so), as Chang advocated. Chang became sufficiently angry that he submitted a petition—signing Guo's and Zhu Ci's names as per customs of one chancellor signing petitions on behalf of other chancellors as well—requesting that Cui be punished for his insolence. Emperor Dezong initially ordered that Cui be demoted to be the deputy mayor of the eastern capital Luoyang. When this demotion was announced, however, both Guo and Zhu Ci submitted petitions in Cui's defense. Emperor Dezong summoned both of them, asking why they submitted inconsistent petitions—one seeking Cui's punishment and one defending him—and both of them stated that they did not know about the petition seeking punishment. Emperor Dezong, who did not know that it was customary for chancellors to sign petitions for each other, believed Chang to have forged Guo's and Zhu's signatures, and, in anger, demoted Chang to be the prefect of the distant Chao Prefecture (潮州, roughly modern Chaozhou, Guangdong) and made Cui chancellor. Subsequently, Zhu's defense post was moved to Fengxiang (鳳翔, in modern Baoji, Shaanxi), and he was made the mayor of Fengxiang Municipality.
In 780, Yang Yan, then the most powerful chancellor in Emperor Dezong's administration, wanted to rebuild Yuan Prefecture (原州, in modern Guyuan, Gansu) -- which was formerly Tang territory but since then had become part of the no-man's land between Tang and Tufan—to serve as a forward advance post, and Yang was so intent on the project that when Duan Xiushi opposed, he had Duan removed from his post as military governor of Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu) and replaced him with Li Huaiguang—a general known for his strictness and harshness. He subsequently ordered Li Huaiguang, Cui Ning, and Zhu to command troops in the construction project. Duan's former subordinate Liu Wenxi (劉文喜), knowing that the Jingyuan troops feared Li Huaiguang, rose in rebellion and submitted a petition ostensibly requesting that Duan be returned or, in the alternative, Zhu be made military governor. Emperor Dezong initially tried to placate Liu by in fact naming Zhu the military governor of Jingyuan, but Liu, who actually wanted the circuit himself, refused to welcome Zhu and sought aid from Tufan. Emperor Dezong ordered Li Huaiguang and Zhu to attack Liu. Zhu put Jing Prefecture (the capital of Jingyuan Circuit) under siege, and, with Tufan refusing to aid Liu Wenxi, Liu Wenxi's subordinate Liu Haibin (劉海賓) killed Liu Wenxi and surrendered. Subsequently, Emperor Dezong gave Zhu the greater chancellor title of "Zhongshu Ling" (中書令), making him titularly the head of the legislative bureau.
In 782, Zhu Tao, angry that he was not given part of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) after he, pursuant to imperial orders, had participated in the campaign that led to the death of Li Weiyue and had, briefly, returned Chengde to imperial control, rebelled against Emperor Dezong. He went secret letters to Zhu Ci asking Zhu Ci to rebel as well. The letters, however, were intercepted by imperial forces and never reached Zhu Ci. Emperor Dezong, upon reviewing the letters, recalled Zhu Ci to Chang'an and showed him the letters. Zhu, in fear, begged forgiveness. Emperor Dezong responded, "You are thousands of "li" away from each other, and it is clear that you did not join his plot. This is no sin of yours." Despite this assurance, however, Emperor Dezong, while permitting Zhu to retain all of his titles, did not permit him to return to Fengxiang. Instead, he kept Zhu at Chang'an, although he gave him a great mansion, fields, and treasures, hoping to placate him.
On November 2, 783, Jingyuan soldiers, who had been summoned to Chang'an in preparation for deployment to the wars in the east (against rebellious military governors Zhu Tao, Wang Wujun, Li Na, and Tian Yue), were angered by a lack of rewards they were given, and they mutinied and attacked the palace, defying their own commander Yao Lingyan (姚令言). Emperor Dezong fled to Fengtian. The soldiers decided to welcome Zhu Ci from his mansion and install him as their leader. That night, Zhu moved into the palace and originally declared himself acting commander of the armed forces. The next day, he issued a declaration that appeared to show intent to welcome Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an:
The declaration had the effect of causing officials to come out of hiding and report to Zhu. Some suggested to Zhu that he welcome Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an—which visibly displeased him. Seeing this, some of the officials loyal to Emperor Dezong began to flee. Meanwhile, the official Yuan Xiu (源休), who believed himself to be highly capable but who had been blocked off from becoming chancellor by Emperor Dezong's trusted chancellor Lu Qi, became a chief strategist for Zhu, and he suggested that Zhu take the throne himself. Also becoming close associates of Zhu were the chancellor Li Zhongchen and the minister Zhang Guangsheng (張光晟). Yao also joined Zhu's party. Meanwhile, believing that Duan Xiushi would be similarly disaffected, Zhu also summoned him and made him a member of this inner circle, although Duan was secretly plotting to assassinate Zhu and welcome Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an.
Wanting to eliminate Emperor Dezong as a threat, Zhu commissioned Yao's subordinate Han Min (韓旻) with 3,000 soldiers to head to Fengtian—ostensibly to welcome Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an, but instead with instruction to launch a surprise attack. After Han's departure, Duan had his associate Qi Lingyue (岐靈岳) forge an order from Yao ordering Han to return to Chang'an, thus aborting the attack. Meanwhile, Zhu had convened a meeting with Li Zhongchen, Yuan, Yao, and Duan, to discuss plans for him to take the throne. At the meeting, Duan tried to assassinate Zhu, but failed. Duan was killed by Zhu's guards despite Zhu's attempt to spare him. On November 6, Zhu declared himself the emperor of a new state of Qin. He made Yao, Li Zhongchen, and Yuan his chancellors, and Zhu Tao crown prince.
As emperor.
Zhu Ci made it a priority to capture Fengtian to extinguish the hopes of Emperor Dezong's being restored. He left Li Zhongchen and Qiu Jingzhong (仇敬忠) in charge of Chang'an, and personally led his army, assisted by Yao Lingyan and Zhang Guangsheng, to Fengtian. He put Fengtian under siege, and despite the efforts of the Tang generals Hang Yougui (韓遊瓌) and Hun Zhen in fighting off the Qin siege, Fengtian was soon in a desperate state, with its food supplies cut off. Tang resistance forces were then harassing the Qin forces left at Chang'an, and in response, Zhu intensified his siege of Fengtian. However, after Fengtian was under siege for more than a month, Li Huaiguang, who had been fighting Wang Wujun and Tian Yue to the east but immediately headed toward Chang'an upon hearing of Emperor Dezong's plight, arrived with his elite Shuofang Army. On December 18, with Li Huaiguang not quite yet at Fengtian but having defeated Qin forces at Liquan (醴泉, in modern Xianyang), Zhu, fearful that he would be defeated by Li Huaiguang, lifted Fengtian's siege and returned to Chang'an. He would not threaten Fengtian again, although he tried to keep the morale of his forces in check at Chang'an by periodically spreading rumors that Fengtian had fallen. By this point, however, it was said that he controlled little more than Chang'an itself. It was the consensus at the time that if Li Huaiguang had arrived three days later than he actually did, Fengtian would have fallen.
On January 27, 784, apparently trying to change his fortune, Zhu changed the name of his state to Han. At Yuan Xiu's suggestion, he slaughtered a large number of Emperor Dezong's imperial clan and other relatives, but he refused suggestions to force Tang officials into serving him and to destroy the Tang imperial temples. Meanwhile, Emperor Dezong, believing that he needed to pacify all of the other warlords who had turned against him, issued a general pardon that included even Zhu Tao, although Zhu Ci was excluded from the general pardon. (In response, Wang Wujun, Li Na, and Tian Yue all gave up independent princely titles they had claimed for themselves and nominally submitted to Tang rule again, although neither Zhu Tao nor another military governor who had rebelled, Li Xilie, did so, and Li Xilie soon declared himself emperor of his own state of Chu.)
Meanwhile, though, Tang efforts to recapture Chang'an soon fell victim to infighting—as Li Huaiguang, who had saved Emperor Dezong, was angered when Emperor Dezong refused to meet him and instead ordered him to attack Chang'an immediately, along with Li Sheng and several other generals. (Emperor Dezong had done so at Lu Qi's suggestion—as Lu feared that if Emperor Dezong met Li Huaiguang, given Li Huaiguang's achievements, Emperor Dezong would accept Li Huaiguang's opinion that Lu and his associates Zhao Zan (趙贊) and Bai Zhizhen (白志貞) were responsible for the calamity.) Li Huaiguang sent repeated accusations to Emperor Dezong, forcing him to demote Lu, Zhao, and Bai, but even after the demotions had occurred, only slowly advanced toward Chang'an. Zhu, seeing that Li Huaiguang was disaffected, sent secret messengers to Li Huaiguang, offering to honor Li Huaiguang as an older brother, with both of them serving as emperors of their own independent realms. Li Huaiguang thus turned against Emperor Dezong—seizing the armies of the generals Li Jianhui (李建徽) and Yang Huiyuan (楊惠元), and publicly declaring that he was now in peaceful relations with Zhu and that Emperor Dezong should flee. Emperor Dezong, fearing the consequences of a joint attack by Li Huaiguang and Zhu, fled to Xingyuan (興元, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi). In light of Emperor Dezong's flight, a number of Tang officials who had previously refused to submit to Zhu, including the former chancellor Qiao Lin, came out of hiding and joined Zhu's administration. Meanwhile, though, after Li Huaiguang publicly broke with Emperor Dezong, many of Li Huaiguang's subordinates rose against him, weakening his army substantially. Zhu then turned against Li Huaiguang as well—no longer honoring him as an older brother, but treating him as a subject. Li Huaiguang, in anger and in fear that Li Sheng would attack him, withdrew from the Chang'an region entirely, taking up position at Hezhong (河中, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi). Zhu also tried to turn Li Sheng's allegiance by treating the family members of not only Li Sheng but his soldiers who remained at Chang'an well, but Li Sheng rejected his overtures. Soon, Hun Zhen arrived as well, and he and Li Sheng prepared an assault on Chang'an. When Tufan forces, whom Emperor Dezong had sought help from, arrived as well, however, Zhu was able to persuade them to depart by bribing them.
On June 12, 784, Li Sheng declared that the assault against Chang'an would be starting, and advanced into Chang'an's vicinity. On June 18, the Han generals Zhang Tingzhi (張庭芝) and Li Xiqian (李希倩, Li Xilie's brother) tried to preempt Li Sheng by attacking him, and Li Sheng defeated them. Zhang Guangsheng, who had been in secret contact with Li Sheng, then persuaded Zhu to flee Chang'an. Zhu did so on June 20, and Li Sheng entered Chang'an, reclaiming it for Tang.
Zhu decided to flee to Tufan. On the way, when he went past Jing Prefecture (the capital of Jingyuan Circuit), Tian Xijian (田希鑒), a general who had submitted to Zhu who was in control of Jingyuan Circuit, turned against him and refused to welcome him. Zhu, in anger, attacked Jing Prefecture but could not capture it. The Jingyuan soldiers in Zhu's army killed Yao Lingyan and surrendered to Tian. Zhu, with only his Lulong troops continuing with him, continued to flee. When he reached Pengyuan (彭原, in modern Qingyang, Gansu), his subordinate Liang Tingfen (梁庭芬) suddenly hit him with an arrow, causing him to fall into a ditch. Han Min then beheaded Zhu and surrendered to Tang forces.

</doc>
<doc id="19381844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381844" title="Padri Ki Haveli">
Padri Ki Haveli

Padri-Ki-Haveli ("Mansion of Padre"), also known as St Mary's Church, it is the oldest church in Bihar. When Roman Catholics arrived in Bihar, they built a small church in 1713 at a place now known as Padri-ki-Haveli.
The current church was re-designed by a Venetian architect Tirreto in 1772. He came from Kolkata to design this church. The foundation stone of this huge church has a dimension of 70 feet in length, 40 feet wide and 50 feet in height. 
Nawab Mir Qasim destroyed this church because of the quarrel with the British traders on 25 June 1763. Ancient records were destroyed and burnt consequently. Later, in 1857 during the Great Indian Rebellion again this church suffered with many damages.
Today, the monument stands as an architectural wonder with intricate details which can be seen in few other churches of India.

</doc>
<doc id="19381845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381845" title="Mark Hildreth (actor)">
Mark Hildreth (actor)

Mark Hildreth (born January 24, 1978) is a Canadian actor and musician, based in the U.S. He has appeared in many movie and television roles. A graduate of The National Theatre School of Canada, Mark Hildreth's theater credits include "Hamlet (The Shakespeare Project)", Bertram in "All's Well that Ends Well (Bard on the Beach)", Richard of Gloucester in "Richard III (NTSC)" and "Cale Blackwell in Fire (Teatre Lac Brome)".
Life and career.
Active as an actor since 1986, Hildreth has provided voiceovers since the age of 10, when he was cast as the voice of Beany in DiC Entertainment's production of "Beany and Cecil". Since then, major roles have included: Alex Mann in "Action Man"; Hi-Tech in the direct-to-video CGI animated movies ' and '; Quicksilver in "Wolverine and the X-Men"; Terry Bogard in the "Fatal Fury" series; Oberon in "A Midsummer Night's Dream"; Harrison in ""; and Heero Yuy in "Gundam Wing".
He provided voices for enemy soldiers for the video game "", and for the character DJ Atomika in "SSX 3", "SSX Blur" and "Burnout Paradise".
Hildreth also appears in stage productions: In 2001, Hildreth played the role of Eugene Marchbanks in the Vancouver Playhouse production of George Bernard Shaw's "Candida", for which he received a Jessie Richardson award for best performance by an actor in a leading role.
In 2003, he joined the band Davis Trading as a keyboardist and singer. Hildreth left Davis Trading in 2004 to go solo; he formed his own band with guitarist Jory Neal Groberman and drummer Amrit Basi. He writes and sings all original music. In 2008, he released an album titled "Complex State of Attachment." In December 2012, he released his second album, "Signs of Life".
He appears in the ABC-TV series "V" as Joshua, and Cartoon Network's "Hot Wheels: Battle Force 5" as Vert Wheeler.

</doc>
<doc id="19381856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381856" title="Wiswell Inlet">
Wiswell Inlet

Wiswell Inlet () is a body of water in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in eastern Frobisher Bay, forming a wedge into Baffin Island's Blunt Peninsula. There are several islands at the mouth of the inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="19381882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381882" title="Choejeongsan">
Choejeongsan

Choejeongsan is a mountain in the city of Daegu, South Korea. It can be found in the county Dalseong, in the western part of the city. Choejeongsan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19381884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381884" title="Cynthia Haymon">
Cynthia Haymon

Cynthia Haymon-Coleman is an American soprano, born September 6, 1958 in Jacksonville, Florida. She is known for the beauty of her voice and seeming ease with which she uses it. She obtained her Bachelor's degree of Music in Vocal Performance from Northwestern University. She currently teaches voice as a member of the faculty at the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign.
Performances.
Some of Cynthia's operatic roles include Liù in "Turandot", Mimì in "La bohème", Poppea in "L'incoronazione di Poppea", Micaela in "Carmen", Pamina in "The Magic Flute", and Susanna in "The Marriage of Figaro".
She gave the world premiere of the piece "Seven for Luck", a piece for soprano and orchestra based on the texts of Rita Dove, by composer John Williams with the Boston Symphony Orchestra.
Cynthia has sung the role of Bess in the 1986 Glyndebourne production of George Gershwin's "Porgy and Bess", in the 1989 album made from that production, and in the 1993 television production of the work.
Cynthia Haymon is married to operatic tenor Barrington Coleman, who also appeared in the above-listed productions of "Porgy and Bess". They have two children, named Camden and Crofton Coleman.

</doc>
<doc id="19381888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381888" title="Coprophilia">
Coprophilia

Coprophilia (from Greek "κόπρος, kópros—excrement" and "φιλία, philía—liking, fondness"), also called scatophilia or scat (Greek: "σκατά, skatá-shit"), is the paraphilia involving sexual pleasure from feces. In the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM), published by the American Psychiatric Association, it is classified under 302.89 – Paraphilia, NOS (Not Otherwise Specified) and has no diagnostic criteria other than a general statement about paraphilias that says "the diagnosis is made if the behavior, sexual urges, or fantasies cause clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning". Furthermore, the DSM-IV-TR notes, "Fantasies, behaviors, or objects are paraphilic only when they lead to clinically significant distress or impairment (e.g. are obligatory, result in sexual dysfunction, require participation of nonconsenting individuals, lead to legal complications, interfere with social relationships)".
Although there may be no connection between coprophilia and sadomasochism (SM), the limited data on the former comes from studies of the latter. A study of 164 males in Finland from two SM clubs found that 18.2% had engaged in coprophilia; 3% as a sadist, 6.1% as a masochist, and 9.1% as both. 18% of heterosexuals and 17% of homosexuals in the study pool had tried coprophilia, showing no statistically significant difference between heterosexuals and homosexuals. In a separate article analyzing 12 men who engaged in bestiality, an additional analysis of an 11-man subgroup revealed that 6 had engaged in coprophilic behavior, compared with only 1 in the matched control group consisting of 12 SM-oriented males who did not engage in bestiality.

</doc>
<doc id="19381920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381920" title="Mount Washington (Nevada)">
Mount Washington (Nevada)

Mount Washington is a mountain in White Pine County in the state of Nevada. The mountain climbs to an elevation of and is in Great Basin National Park.
Land near the summit and adjoining the national park was purchased in 2001 by The Long Now Foundation as a potential site for the Clock of the Long Now. The announcement of the land purchase was made at Baker, the gateway town of the national park, and in nearby Ely, Nevada at a gathering of White Pine County officials sponsored by Ely's Economic Diversification Council. The property was described as made up of eleven patented mining claims dating back to 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="19381922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381922" title="Valley View High School (Arkansas)">
Valley View High School (Arkansas)

Valley View High School is comprehensive public high school for students in grades 10 through 12 located in southwestern area of Jonesboro, Arkansas, United States. Established in 1925, the northeastern Arkansas school is administered by the Valley View School District and is accredited by AdvancED and the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE).
Academics.
Curriculum.
The assumed course of study is the ADE Smart Core curriculum with students completing regular (core and career focus) courses and exams and may select Advanced Placement (AP) coursework and exams that offer an opportunity to receive college credit prior to graduation. Exceptional students are eligible to participate in Arkansas Governor's School and receive recognition in the National Merit Scholarship Program. 
Awards and recognition.
In 2010, educator Michelle Moss received the Inspirational Educator Award sponsored by the Educational Theatre Association.
In 2012, student Christian D. Williams was honored as a Scholar of the Presidential Scholars Program.
Extracurricular activities.
The Valley View mascot and athletic emblem is the "Blazer" with blue and gold serving as the school colors.
Athletics.
The Valley View Blazers compete in numerous interscholastic competitions in the 4A 3 Conference administered by the Arkansas Activities Association including basketball (boys/girls), bowling, cheerleading, dance, debate, soccer (boys/girls), swimming (boys/girls), tennis (boys/girls), and track and field (boys/girls). The 4A 3 Conference consists of Brookland, Cave City, Gosnell, Highland, Pocahontas, Trumann. Valley View and Westside Consolidated - Jonesboro. Former Blazer student-athlete Casey Woodruff (1997–2001) holds the Arkansas state record (girls) for the most All-State appearances with eight (tennis 4, golf 4).
External links.
Facebook Fanpage - Valley View Blazer Fan

</doc>
<doc id="19381933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381933" title="Germany–Poland relations">
Germany–Poland relations

German–Polish relations have a long and complicated history.
From the 10th century on, the Kingdom of Poland had relations with the Holy Roman Empire, which were however overshadowed by the Polish-Teutonic wars, as a result of which, Prussia became a fief of the Kingdom of Poland. Prussia retained a certain level of autonomy under Polish rule. Later, the Kingdom of Prussia rose and eventually became one of the partitioners of Poland.
A medieval legend about a Polish Princess Wanda shows the German-Polish enmity. In the legend, Princess Wanda rejected to marry Knight Rüdiger, a German ruler. After that, he declared a war on Poland. Wanda rode into battle, struck Rüdiger down with her sword and then drowned herself in the Vistula, in order to spare Poland further fighting.
Throughout the Middle Ages, the Germans expanded eastwards from modern western and central Germany into the less-populated regions, east of Elbe and Saale rivers. The area of German settlement roughly stretched from Slovenia to Estonia, and southwards into Transylvania. The phenomenon, known as "Ostsiedlung" ("east settlement", "settlement in the east") followed the territorial expansion of the Holy Roman Empire and the Teutonic Order. At various times, Germans were encouraged by Polish Piast rulers to settle in the east. Ethnic conflicts erupted between the newly arrived settlers and local populations. In 13th century, Poland was suffering from the attacks of Pagan tribes. In response, Konrad I of Masovia hired an army of unemployed crusaders - the Teutonic Order. After the failure of converting the Old Prussians to Christianity, the Order fell into a series of conflicts with the Polish state. As a result, they took the control of the entire southeastern Baltic Sea coast. They remained powerful until 1410, when a combined Lithuanian-Polish army was able to win a decisive victory over the Teutonic Order at Tannenberg. In 16th century, after the Counter-Reformation was launched and the Thirty Years War broke out in the German lands, Poland became a Roman Catholic stronghold. In 1683, the Polish army commanded by Polish king Jan III Sobieski helped to withdraw the Turks from Vienna, thus ending the growing expansion of the Ottoman Empire into Europe and preventing the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation from collapse.
In the second half of the 18th century, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was partitioned three times between Russian Empire, Kingdom of Prussia and Habsburg Austria. The partitions took place in 1772, 1793 and 1795. For the next 123 years, there was no independent Polish state. Various insurrections against partitioners broke out, including Prussia.
In 1918, Poland regained its place on the map. After World War I, the Treaty of Versailles deprived Germany of its territories in West Prussia, East Upper Silesia and Danzig and transferred them to Poland. It was seen as a great injustice in the Weimar Republic, leading to the Nazi takeover of power in 1933. In 1939, Poland was invaded by Germany, thus starting the deadliest conflict in human history. The Third Reich established concentration camps in German occupied Poland, the biggest located in Auschwitz. Poland suffered many casualties and a vast destruction during the war. After World War II, Germany lost its territories in Silesia, East Brandenburg, Pomerania and East Prussia to Poland and the Soviet Union. In 1945-1950, a series of expulsions happened, in which up to 16 million ethnic Germans were forced to leave their homes and resettle in post-war Germany. It was the largest forced movement of any population in history.
The Cold War saw good relations between the communist states of People's Republic of Poland and the German Democratic Republic. The Polish-West German relations remained bad, although it improved after Chancellor Willy Brandt launched the Ostpolitik. In 1990, Germany was reunified and it confirmed the Polish-German border on the Oder-Neisse line in a treaty. Both states are now European Union allies and partners.
Overview.
Middle Ages.
At the same time when the Kingdom of Germany grew out of the German stem duchies of East Francia in the 10th century, the West Slavic Polan tribes under the Piast prince Mieszko I about 960 were able to establish a sovereign state around Poznan and Gniezno in an area later called Greater Poland. Mieszko significantly enlarged his territory by conquering Masovia beyond the Vistula river, the Silesian lands at the border with Bohemia, and the former Vistulan lands of Lesser Poland. By pushing further westwards into Pomerania and the lands of the Polabian Slavs, in 962/63 he first met with the Saxon forces of Margrave Gero, ruler of the "Marca Geronis" between the Saale and Bóbr rivers established in 937 by King Otto I of Germany. As he could not prevail against Gero, Mieszko I resorted to consolidate his realm: he strengthened the relations with the Bohemian duke Boleslaus I by marrying his daughter Dobrawa and converted to Christianity in 966. The next year however, he once again entangled with the troops of the Saxon renegade Wichmann the Younger, fighting over the island of Wolin on the Baltic coast. He also had to defend the Polish border on the lower Oder river against the forces of Margrave Odo I of Lusatia at the 972 Battle of Cedynia.
Meanwhile Poland had to face the claims to universal power raised by Otto I when he had conquered the Kingdom of Italy and was crowned Holy Roman Emperor by Pope John XII in 962. According to the idea of the "translatio imperii", the Emperor would continue the tradition of the Roman and Carolingian Empire as guardian of the Catholic Church superior to all secular and ecclesiastical rulers. Mieszko sought to improve the relations with Otto I: he appeared as "amicus imperatoris" at the Imperial Diet of Quedlinburg in 973 and in 978 secondly married Oda, the daughter of Dietrich of Haldensleben, margrave of the Northern March. In 984 Mieszko's son Bolesław I Chrobry was married to a daughter of Margrave Rikdag of Meissen. However, in the same year the Polish ruler, instigated by Duke Boleslaus II of Bohemia, interfered in the conflict between minor King Otto III of Germany and the deposed Bavarian duke Henry the Wrangler. He timely switched sides, when he realized that Otto's mother Theophanu would gain the upper hand and in turn sparked a long-term conflict with the Bohemian dukes over Silesia and Lesser Poland. Mieszko backed the German forces several times against the revolting Lutici (Veleti) tribes (though to no avail) and until his death in 992 remained a loyal supporter of the Emperor. Nevertheless Mieszko precautionally had the "Dagome iudex" document drawn up, whereby he put his realm called Civitas Schinesghe under the auspices of the Holy See.
Twentieth Century.
1918-1939.
After Poland regained independence in 1918, it received parts of what had been German territory during the partitions. Much of this territory had been part of Poland in earlier centuries. However, particularly in border regions of Upper Silesia and Greater Poland, Polish and German nationalists fought over the right to the disputed land. Eventually, Poland won back almost all of the province of Greater Poland and the industrialized part of Upper Silesia.
The German-Polish Conferences on School History Books, 1937-8.
Two conferences were organised to discuss the school history books being used in Poland and Germany:
The Polish contingent consisted of Professors Dabrowski, Nawroczynski and Kowalski. The German delegates consisted of Aubin, Fitzek and Arnulf Shroder.
Second World War (1939-1945).
In 1939 Nazi Germany invaded Poland and partitioned the country together with the Soviet Union. In 1941 Hitler launched Operation Barbarossa, attacking the Soviet Union.
In 1943 Stalin demanded at the Tehran Conference that the post-war territory of Germany and Poland be redrawn further west as a buffer between Soviet Russia and Germany.
Following the defeat of Germany in 1945, this policy lead to the expulsion of Germans from the territories assigned to Poland.
Cold War (1945 - 1969).
During the Cold War, communist Poland had good relations with East Germany, but during the early Cold War, relations with West Germany were strained.
Ostpolitik (1970 - 1989).
The relations between West Germany and Poland improved through Willy Brandt's Ostpolitk. West Germany recognized the Oder-Neisse line as Poland's western border in the Treaty of Warsaw.
From the fall of Communism to accession (1989 - 2004).
After the fall of communism, Poland and the reunited Germany have had a mostly positive but occasionally strained relationship due to some political issues. After the collapse of the Soviet Union, Germany has been a proponent of Poland's participation in NATO and the European Union. During this time, some reparations from World War II were continued to be repaid to Poland and that money was distributed through the Foundation for Polish-German Reconciliation, a foundation supported by both governments.
The Polish-German border is 467 km long.
Following Accession to the European Union (2004 - ).
German–Polish relations have historically been difficult and not always friendly (the two countries were often rivals and adversaries), but are steadily improving. The relations are sometimes strained when topics like World War II and Nazi crimes or the postwar forced expulsion of the German citizens from the territories annexed by Poland are brought up. Occasional xenophobic statements of conservative politicians on both sides, most notably Erika Steinbach and Jarosław Kaczyński, have also slowed the improvement of the two states relations. On 24 September 2013 Lech Walesa said that he would like to see Germany and Poland unite for better economy, his reason was that the borders in Europe don't matter anymore and in the future they will change anyway.

</doc>
<doc id="19381936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381936" title="Ward Inlet">
Ward Inlet

Ward Inlet () is a body of water in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in eastern Frobisher Bay, forming a wedge into Baffin Island, separating Becher Peninsula from Hall Peninsula. Augustus Island lies deep into the inlet.
Ward inlet was the site of the Hudson's Bay Company's south Baffin operations until 1949 when they moved to Apex to take advantage of Frobisher Bay Air Force Base located nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="19381951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381951" title="Iliad">
Iliad

The Iliad (sometimes referred to as the "Song of Ilion" or "Song of Ilium") is an ancient Greek epic poem in dactylic hexameter, traditionally attributed to Homer. Set during the Trojan War, the ten-year siege of the city of Troy (Ilium) by a coalition of Greek states, it tells of the battles and events during the weeks of a quarrel between King Agamemnon and the warrior Achilles.
Although the story covers only a few weeks in the final year of the war, the "Iliad" mentions or alludes to many of the Greek legends about the siege; the earlier events, such as the gathering of warriors for the siege, the cause of the war, and related concerns tend to appear near the beginning. Then the epic narrative takes up events prophesied for the future, such as Achilles' looming death and the sack of Troy, prefigured and alluded to more and more vividly, so that when it reaches an end, the poem has told a more or less complete tale of the Trojan War.
The "Iliad" is paired with something of a sequel, the "Odyssey", also attributed to Homer. Along with the "Odyssey", the "Iliad" is among the oldest extant works of Western literature, and its written version is usually dated to around the eighth century BC. Recent statistical modelling based on language evolution has found it to date to 760–710 BC. In the modern vulgate (accepted version), the "Iliad" contains 15,693 lines; it is written in Homeric Greek, a literary amalgam of Ionic Greek and other dialects.
Synopsis.
"Note: Book numbers are in parentheses and come before the synopsis of the book."
() After an invocation to the Muses, the story launches "in medias res" (in the middle of things) towards the end of the Trojan War between the Trojans and the besieging Greeks. Chryses, a Trojan priest of Apollo, offers the Greeks wealth for the return of his daughter Chryseis, a captive of Agamemnon, the Greek leader. Although most of the Greek army is in favour of the offer, Agamemnon refuses. Chryses prays for Apollo's help, and Apollo causes a plague throughout the Greek army.
After nine days of plague, Achilles, the leader of the Myrmidon contingent, calls an assembly to solve the plague problem. Under pressure, Agamemnon agrees to return Chryseis to her father, but also decides to take Achilles's captive, Briseis, as compensation. Angered, Achilles declares that he and his men will no longer fight for Agamemnon, but will go home. Odysseus takes a ship and brings Chryseis to her father, whereupon Apollo ends the plague.
In the meantime, Agamemnon's messengers take Briseis away, and Achilles asks his mother, Thetis, to ask Zeus that the Greeks be brought to the breaking point by the Trojans, so Agamemnon will realize how much the Greeks need Achilles. 
Thetis does so, and Zeus agrees.
() Zeus sends a dream to Agamemnon, urging him to attack the city. Agamemnon heeds the dream but decides to first test the morale of the Greek army by telling them to go home. The plan backfires, and only the intervention of Odysseus, inspired by Athena, stops a rout.
Odysseus confronts and beats Thersites, a common soldier who voices discontent at fighting Agamemnon's war. After a meal, the Greeks deploy in companies upon the Trojan plain. The poet takes the opportunity to describe the provenance of each Greek contingent. When news of the Greek deployment reaches king Priam, the Trojans too sortie upon the plain. In a similar list to that for the Greeks, the poet describes the Trojans and their allies.
() The armies approach each other on the plain, but before they meet, Paris offers to end the war by fighting a duel with Menelaus, urged by his brother and head of the Trojan army, Hector. While Helen tells Priam about the Greek commanders from the walls of Troy, both sides swear a truce and promise to abide by the outcome of the duel. Paris is beaten, but Aphrodite rescues him and leads him to bed with Helen before Menelaus could kill him.
() Pressured by Hera's hatred of Troy, Zeus arranges for the Trojan Pandaros to break the truce by wounding Menelaus with an arrow. Agamemnon rouses the Greeks, and battle is joined.
() In the fighting, Diomedes kills many Trojans, including Pandaros, and defeats Aeneas, whom again Aphrodite rescues, but Diomedes attacks and wounds the goddess. Apollo faces Diomedes, and warns him against warring with gods. Many heroes and commanders join in, including Hector, and the gods supporting each side try to influence the battle. Emboldened by Athena, Diomedes wounds Ares and puts him out of action.
() Hector rallies the Trojans and stops a rout; the Greek Diomedes and the Trojan Glaukos find common ground and exchange unequal gifts. Hector enters the city, urges prayers and sacrifices, incites Paris to battle, bids his wife Andromache and son Astyanax farewell on the city walls, and rejoins the battle. 
() Hector duels with Ajax, but nightfall interrupts the fight and both sides retire. The Greeks agree to burn their dead and build a wall to protect their ships and camp, while the Trojans quarrel about returning Helen. Paris offers to return the treasure he took, and give further wealth as compensation, but without returning Helen, and the offer is refused. 
A day's truce is agreed for burning the dead, during which the Greeks also build their wall and trench. 
() The next morning, Zeus prohibits the gods from interfering, and fighting begins anew. The Trojans prevail and force the Greeks back to their wall while Hera and Athena are forbidden from helping. Night falls before the Trojans can assail the Greek wall. They camp in the field to attack at first light, and their watchfires light the plain like stars.
() Meanwhile, the Greeks are desperate. Agamemnon admits his error, and sends an embassy composed of Odysseus, Ajax, Phoenix, and two heralds to offer Briseis and extensive gifts to Achilles, who has been camped next to his ships throughout, if only he would return to the fighting. Achilles and his companion Patroclus receive the embassy well, but Achilles angrily refuses Agamemnon's offer, and declares that he would only return to battle if the Trojans reach his ships and threaten them with fire. The embassy returns empty-handed.
() Later that night, Odysseus and Diomedes venture out to the Trojan lines, killing the Trojan Dolon and wreaking havoc in the camps of some Thracian allies of Troy. 
() In the morning, the fighting is fierce and Agamemnon, Diomedes, and Odysseus are all wounded. Achilles sends Patroclus from his camp to inquire about the Greek casualties, and while there Patroclus is moved to pity by a speech of Nestor. 
() The Trojans assault the Greek wall on foot. Hector, ignoring an omen, leads the terrible fighting. The Greeks are overwhelmed in rout, the wall's gate is broken, and Hector charges in.
() Many fall on both sides. The Trojan seer Polydamas urges Hector to fall back and warns him about Achilles, but is ignored. 
() Hera seduces Zeus and lures him to sleep, allowing Poseidon to help the Greeks, and the Trojans are driven back onto the plain. 
() Zeus awakes and is enraged by Poseidon's intervention. Against the mounting discontent of the Greek-supporting gods, Zeus sends Apollo to aid the Trojans, who once again breach the wall, and the battle reaches the ships.
() Patroclus can stand to watch no longer, and begs Achilles to be allowed to defend the ships. Achilles relents, and lends Patroclus his armor, but sends him off with a stern admonition not to pursue the Trojans, lest he take Achilles's glory. Patroclus leads the Myrmidons to battle and arrives as the Trojans set fire to the first ships. The Trojans are routed by the sudden onslaught, and Patroclus begins his assault by killing the Trojan hero Sarpedon. Patroclus, ignoring Achilles's command, pursues and reaches the gates of Troy, where Apollo himself stops him. Patroclus is set upon by Apollo and Euphorbos, and is finally killed by Hector. 
() Hector takes Achilles's armor from the fallen Patroclus, but fighting develops around Patroclus' body.
() Achilles is mad with grief when he hears of Patroclus's death, and vows to take vengeance on Hector; his mother Thetis grieves, too, knowing that Achilles is fated to die young if he kills Hector. Achilles is urged to help retrieve Patroclus' body, but has no armour. Made brilliant by Athena, Achilles stands next to the Greek wall and roars in rage. The Trojans are dismayed by his appearance and the Greeks manage to bear Patroclus' body away. Again Polydamas urges Hector to withdraw into the city, again Hector refuses, and the Trojans camp in the plain at nightfall. Patroclus is mourned, and meanwhile, at Thetis' request, Hephaistos fashions a new set of armor for Achilles, among which is a magnificently wrought shield. 
() In the morning, Agamemnon gives Achilles all the promised gifts, including Briseis, but he is indifferent to them. Achilles fasts while the Greeks take their meal, and straps on his new armor, and heaves his great spear. His horse Xanthos prophesies to Achilles his death. Achilles drives his chariot into battle.
() Zeus lifts the ban on the gods' interference, and the gods freely intervene on both sides. The onslaught of Achilles, burning with rage and grief, is terrible, and he slays many. 
() Driving the Trojans before him, Achilles cuts off half in the river Skamandros and proceeds to slaughter them and fills the river with the dead. The river, angry at the killing, confronts Achilles, but is beaten back by Hephaestus' firestorm. The gods fight among themselves. The great gates of the city are opened to receive the fleeing Trojans, and Apollo leads Achilles away from the city by pretending to be a Trojan.
() When Apollo reveals himself to Achilles, the Trojans had retreated into the city, all except for Hector, who, having twice ignored the counsels of Polydamas, feels the shame of rout and resolves to face Achilles, in spite of the pleas of Priam and Hecuba, his parents. When Achilles approaches, Hector's will fails him, and he is chased around the city by Achilles. Finally, Athena tricks him to stop running, and he turns to face his opponent. After a brief duel, Achilles stabs Hector through the neck. Before dying, Hector reminds Achilles that he is fated to die in the war as well. Achilles takes Hector's body and dishonours it.
() The ghost of Patroclus comes to Achilles in a dream and urges the burial of his body. The Greeks hold a day of funeral games, and Achilles gives out the prizes. 
() Dismayed by Achilles' continued abuse of Hector's body, Zeus decides that it must be returned to Priam. Led by Hermes, Priam takes a wagon out of Troy, across the plains, and enters the Greek camp unnoticed. He grasps Achilles by the knees and begs to have his son's body. Achilles is moved to tears, and the two lament their losses in the war. After a meal, Priam carries Hector's body back into Troy. Hector is buried, and the city mourns.
The major characters.
The many characters of the "Iliad" are catalogued; the latter-half of Book II, the "Catalogue of Ships", lists commanders and cohorts; battle scenes feature quickly slain minor characters.
Achaeans.
Achilles and Patroclus.
Much debate has surrounded the nature of the relationship of Achilles and Patroclus, as to whether it can be described as a homoerotic one or not. Classical and Hellenistic Athenian scholars perceived it as pederastic, while others perceived it as a platonic warrior-bond.
Gods.
In the literary Trojan War of the "Iliad", the Olympic gods, goddesses, and demigods fight and play great roles in human warfare. Unlike practical Greek religious observance, Homer’s portrayals of them suited his narrative purpose, being very different from the polytheistic ideals Greek society used. To wit, the Classical-era historian Herodotus says that Homer, and his contemporary, the poet Hesiod, were the first artists to name and describe their appearance and characters.
In "Greek Gods Human Lives: What We Can Learn From Myths", Mary Lefkowitz discusses the relevance of divine action in the "Iliad", attempting to answer the question of whether or not divine intervention is a discrete occurrence (for its own sake), or if such godly behaviors are mere human character metaphors. The intellectual interest of Classic-era authors, such as Thucydides and Plato, was limited to their utility as "a way of talking about human life rather than a description or a truth", because, if the gods remain religious figures, rather than human metaphors, their "existence"—without the foundation of either dogma or "a" bible of faiths—then allowed Greek culture the intellectual breadth and freedom to conjure gods fitting any religious function they required as a people.
In "The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind", psychologist Julian Jaynes uses the "Iliad" as a major supporting evidence for his theory of Bicameralism, which posits that until about the time described in the "Iliad", humans had a much different mentality than present day humans, essentially lacking in what we call consciousness. He suggests that humans heard and obeyed commands from what they identified as gods, until the change in human mentality that incorporated the motivating force into the conscious self. He points out that almost every action in the "Iliad" is directed, caused, or influenced by a god, and that earlier translations show an astonishing lack of words suggesting thought, planning, or introspection. Those that do appear, he argues, are misinterpretations made by translators imposing a modern mentality on the characters.
Themes.
Nostos.
"Nostos" (, "homecoming") occurs seven times in the poem. Thematically, the concept of homecoming is much explored in Ancient Greek literature, especially in the post-war homeward fortunes experienced by the Atreidae (Agamemnon and Menelaus), and Odysseus (see the "Odyssey"). Thus, "nostos" is impossible without sacking Troy—King Agamemnon’s motive for winning, at any cost.
Kleos.
"Kleos" (, "glory, fame") is the concept of glory earned in heroic battle. For most of the Greek invaders of Troy, notably Odysseus, "kleos" is earned in a victorious "nostos" (homecoming), yet not for Achilles, he must choose one reward, either "nostos" or "kleos". In Book IX (IX.410–16), he poignantly tells Agamemnon’s envoys—Odysseus, Phoenix, Ajax—begging his reinstatement to battle about having to choose between two fates (, 9.411).
The passage reads (the translation is Lattimore's):
In forgoing his "nostos", he will earn the greater reward of "kleos aphthiton" (, "fame imperishable"). In the poem, "aphthiton" (, "imperishable") occurs five other times, each occurrence denotes an object: Agamemnon’s sceptre, the wheel of Hebe's chariot, the house of Poseidon, the throne of Zeus, the house of Hephaestus. Translator Lattimore renders "kleos aphthiton" as "forever immortal" and as "forever imperishable"—connoting Achilles’s mortality by underscoring his greater reward in returning to battle Troy.
Achilles' shield, crafted by Hephaestus and given to him by his mother Thetis, bears an image of stars in the centre. The stars conjure profound images of the place of a single man, no matter how heroic, in the perspective of the entire cosmos.
Timê.
Akin to "kleos" is "timê" (, "respect, honour"), the concept denoting the respectability an honourable man accrues with accomplishment (cultural, political, martial), per his station in life. In Book I, the Greek troubles begin with King Agamemnon’s dishonourable, unkingly behaviour—first, by threatening the priest Chryses (1.11), then, by aggravating them in disrespecting Achilles, by confiscating Briseis from him (1.171). The warrior’s consequent rancour against the dishonourable king ruins the Greek military cause.
Wrath.
The poem’s initial word, ("mēnin", accusative of , "mēnis", "wrath, rage, fury"), establishes the "Iliad's" principal theme: The "Wrath of Achilles." His personal rage and wounded soldier’s vanity propel the story: the Greeks’ faltering in battle, the slayings of Patroclus and Hector, and the fall of Troy. In Book I, the Wrath of Achilles first emerges in the Achilles-convoked meeting, between the Greek kings and the seer Calchas. King Agamemnon dishonours Chryses, the Trojan priest of Apollo, by refusing with a threat the restitution of his daughter, Chryseis—despite the proffered ransom of "gifts beyond count". The insulted priest prays his god’s help, and a nine-day rain of divine plague arrows falls upon the Greeks. Moreover, in that meeting, Achilles accuses Agamemnon of being “greediest for gain of all men”. To that, Agamemnon replies:
But here is my threat to you.
Even as Phoibos Apollo is taking away my Chryseis.
I shall convey her back in my own ship, with my own
followers; but I shall take the fair-cheeked Briseis,
your prize, I myself going to your shelter, that you may learn well
how much greater I am than you, and another man may shrink back
from likening himself to me and contending against me.
After that, only Athena stays Achilles’s wrath. He vows to never again obey orders from Agamemnon. Furious, Achilles cries to his mother, Thetis, who persuades Zeus’s divine intervention—favouring the Trojans—until Achilles’s rights are restored. Meanwhile, Hector leads the Trojans to almost pushing the Greeks back to the sea (Book XII). Later, Agamemnon contemplates defeat and retreat to Greece (Book XIV). Again, the Wrath of Achilles turns the war’s tide in seeking vengeance when Hector kills Patroclus. Aggrieved, Achilles tears his hair and dirties his face. Thetis comforts her mourning son, who tells her:
So it was here that the lord of men Agamemnon angered me.
Still, we will let all this be a thing of the past, and for all our
sorrow beat down by force the anger deeply within us.
Now I shall go, to overtake that killer of a dear life,
Hektor; then I will accept my own death, at whatever
time Zeus wishes to bring it about, and the other immortals.
Accepting the prospect of death as fair price for avenging Patroclus, he returns to battle, dooming Hector and Troy, thrice chasing him ’round the Trojan walls, before slaying him, then dragging the corpse behind his chariot, back to camp.
Fate.
Fate (, "kēr", "fated death") propels most of the events of the "Iliad". Once set, gods and men abide it, neither truly able nor willing to contest it. How fate is set is unknown, but it is told by the Fates and seers such as Calchas. Men and their gods continually speak of heroic acceptance and cowardly avoidance of one’s slated fate. Fate does not determine every action, incident, and occurrence, but it does determine the outcome of life—before killing him, Hector calls Patroclus a fool for cowardly avoidance of his fate, by attempting his defeat; Patroclus retorts:
No, deadly destiny, with the son of Leto, has killed me,
and of men it was Euphorbos; you are only my third slayer.
And put away in your heart this other thing that I tell you.
You yourself are not one who shall live long, but now already
death and powerful destiny are standing beside you,
to go down under the hands of Aiakos’ great son, Achilleus.
Here, Patroclus alludes to fated death by Hector’s hand, and Hector’s fated death by Achilles’s hand. Each accepts the outcome of his life, yet, no-one knows if the gods can alter fate. The first instance of this doubt occurs in Book XVI. Seeing Patroclus about to kill Sarpedon, his mortal son, Zeus says:
Ah me, that it is destined that the dearest of men, Sarpedon,
must go down under the hands of Menoitios’ son Patroclus.
About his dilemma, Hera asks Zeus:
Majesty, son of Kronos, what sort of thing have you spoken?
Do you wish to bring back a man who is mortal, one long since
doomed by his destiny, from ill-sounding death and release him?
Do it, then; but not all the rest of us gods shall approve you.
In deciding between losing a son or abiding fate, Zeus, King of the Gods, allows it. This motif recurs when he considers sparing Hector, whom he loves and respects. Again, Athena asks him:
Father of the shining bolt, dark misted, what is this you said?
Do you wish to bring back a man who is mortal, one long since
doomed by his destiny, from ill-sounding death and release him?
Do it, then; but not all the rest of us gods shall approve you.
Again, Zeus appears capable of altering fate, but does not, deciding instead to abide set outcomes; yet, contrariwise, fate spares Aeneas, after Apollo convinces the over-matched Trojan to fight Achilles. Poseidon cautiously speaks:
But come, let us ourselves get him away from death, for fear
the son of Kronos may be angered if now Achilleus
kills this man. It is destined that he shall be the survivor,
that the generation of Dardanos shall not die. . . .
Divinely aided, Aeneas escapes the wrath of Achilles and survives the Trojan War. Whether or not the gods can alter fate, they do abide it, despite its countering their human allegiances; thus, the mysterious origin of fate is a power beyond the gods. Fate implies the primeval, tripartite division of the world that Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades effected in deposing their father, Cronus, for its dominion. Zeus took the Air and the Sky, Poseidon the Waters, and Hades the Underworld, the land of the dead—yet they share dominion of the Earth. Despite the earthly powers of the Olympic gods, only the Three Fates set the destiny of Man.
Date and textual history.
The poem dates to the archaic period of Classical Antiquity. Scholarly consensus mostly places it in the 8th century BC, although some favour a 7th-century date. Herodotus placed Homer at approximately 400 years before his own time, which would place Homer at "circa" 850 BC.
The historical backdrop of the poem is the time of the Bronze Age collapse, in the early 12th century BC. Homer is thus separated from his subject matter by about 400 years, the period known as the Greek Dark Ages. Intense scholarly debate has surrounded the question of which portions of the poem preserve genuine traditions from the Mycenaean period. The "Catalogue of Ships" in particular has the striking feature that its geography does not portray Greece in the Iron Age, the time of Homer, but as it was before the Dorian invasion.
The title "Ilias" (genitive "Iliados") is elliptic for "he poiesis Ilias", meaning "the Trojan poem". , "of Troy", is the specifically feminine adjective form from , "Troy"; the masculine adjective form would be or . It is used by Herodotus.
Venetus A, copied in the 10th century AD, is the oldest fully extant manuscript of the "Iliad."
The "editio princeps" dates to 1488, printed by Demetrius Chalcondyles in Florence.
The "Iliad" as oral tradition.
In antiquity, the Greeks applied the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey" as the bases of pedagogy. Literature was central to the educational-cultural function of the itinerant rhapsode, who composed "consistent" epic poems from memory and improvisation, and disseminated them, via song and chant, in his travels and at the Panathenaic Festival of athletics, music, poetics, and sacrifice, celebrating Athena’s birthday.
Originally, Classical scholars treated the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey" as written poetry, and Homer as a writer. Yet, by the 1920s, Milman Parry (1902–1935) had launched a movement claiming otherwise. His investigation of the oral Homeric style—"stock epithets" and "reiteration" (words, phrases, stanzas) —established that these "formulae" were artifacts of oral tradition easily applied to an hexametric line. A two-word stock epithet (e.g. "resourceful Odysseus") reiteration may complement a character name by filling a half-line, thus, freeing the poet to compose a half-line of "original" formulaic text to complete his meaning. In Yugoslavia, Parry and his assistant, Albert Lord (1912–1991), studied the oral-formulaic composition of Serbian oral poetry, yielding the Parry/Lord thesis that established oral tradition studies, later developed by Eric Havelock, Marshall McLuhan, Walter Ong, et al.
In "The Singer of Tales" (1960), Lord presents likenesses between the tragedies of the Greek Patroclus, in the "Iliad", and of the Sumerian Enkidu, in the "Epic of Gilgamesh", and claims to refute, with "careful analysis of the repetition of thematic patterns", that the Patroclus storyline upsets Homer's established compositional formulae of "wrath, bride-stealing, and rescue"; thus, stock-phrase "reiteration" does not restrict his originality in fitting story to rhyme. Likewise, in "The Arming Motif", Prof. James Armstrong reports that the poem’s "formulae" yield richer meaning because the "arming motif" "diction"—describing Achilles, Agamemnon, Paris, and Patroclus—serves to "heighten the importance of ... an impressive moment", thus, " creates an atmosphere of smoothness", wherein, Homer distinguishes Patroclus from Achilles, and foreshadows the former's death with positive and negative turns of phrase.
In the "Iliad", occasional syntactic inconsistency may be an oral tradition effect—for example, Aphrodite is "laughter-loving", despite being painfully wounded by Diomedes (Book V, 375); and the divine representations may mix Mycenaean and Greek Dark Age (ca. 1150–800 BC) mythologies, parallelling the hereditary "basileis" nobles (lower social rank rulers) with minor deities, such as Scamander, et al.
Warfare in the "Iliad".
Depiction of infantry combat.
Despite Mycenae and Troy being maritime powers, the "Iliad" features no sea battles. So, the Trojan shipwright (of the ship that transported Helen to Troy), Phereclus, fights afoot, as an infantryman. The battle dress and armour of hero and soldier are well-described. They enter battle in chariots, launching javelins into the enemy formations, then dismount—for hand-to-hand combat with yet more javelin throwing, rock throwing, and if necessary hand to hand sword and a shoulder-borne "hoplon" (shield) fighting. Ajax the Greater, son of Telamon, sports a large, rectangular shield (, "sakos") with which he protects himself and Teucer, his brother:
Ajax’s cumbersome shield is more suitable for defence than for offence, while his cousin, Achilles, sports a large, rounded, octagonal shield that he successfully deploys along with his spear against the Trojans:
In describing infantry combat, Homer names the phalanx formation, but most scholars do not believe the historical Trojan War was so fought. In the Bronze Age, the chariot was the main battle transport-weapon (e.g. the Battle of Kadesh). The available evidence, from the Dendra armour and the Pylos Palace paintings, indicate the Mycenaeans used two-man chariots, with a long-spear-armed principal rider, unlike the three-man Hittite chariots with short-spear-armed riders, and unlike the arrow-armed Egyptian and Assyrian two-man chariots. Nestor spearheads his troops with chariots; he advises them:
Although Homer's depictions are graphic, it can be seen in the very end that victory in war is a far more somber occasion, where all that is lost becomes apparent. On the other hand, the funeral games are lively, for the dead man's life is celebrated. This overall depiction of war runs contrary to many other ancient Greek depictions, where war is an aspiration for greater glory.
Influence on classical Greek warfare.
While the Homeric poems (the "Iliad" in particular) were not necessarily revered scripture of the ancient Greeks, they were most certainly seen as guides that were important to the intellectual understanding of any educated Greek citizen. This is evidenced by the fact that in the late fifth century BC, "it was the sign of a man of standing to be able to recite the "Iliad" and "Odyssey" by heart." Moreover, it can be argued that the warfare shown in the "Iliad", and the way in which it was depicted, had a profound and very traceable effect on Greek warfare in general. In particular, the effect of epic literature can be broken down into three categories: tactics, ideology, and the mindset of commanders. In order to discern these effects, it is necessary to take a look at a few examples from each of these categories.
Much of the detailed fighting in the "Iliad" is done by the heroes in an orderly, one-on-one fashion. Much like the "Odyssey", there is even a set ritual which must be observed in each of these conflicts. For example, a major hero may encounter a lesser hero from the opposing side, in which case the minor hero is introduced, threats may be exchanged, and then the minor hero is slain. The victor often strips the body of its armor and military accoutrements. Here is an example of this ritual and this type of one-on-one combat in the "Iliad":
There Telamonian Ajax struck down the son of Anthemion,
Simoeisios in his stripling's beauty, whom once his mother
descending from Ida bore beside the banks of Simoeis
when she had followed her father and mother to tend the
sheepflocks.
Therefore they called him Simoeisios; but he could not
render again the care of his dear parents; he was shortlived,
beaten down beneath the spear of high-hearted Ajax,
who struck him as he first came forward beside the nipple
of the right breast, and the bronze spearhead drove clean
through the shoulder.
The biggest issue in reconciling the connection between the epic fighting of the "Iliad" and later Greek warfare is the phalanx, or hoplite, warfare seen in Greek history well after Homer's "Iliad". While there are discussions of soldiers arrayed in semblances of the phalanx throughout the "Iliad", the focus of the poem on the heroic fighting, as mentioned above, would seem to contradict the tactics of the phalanx. However, the phalanx did have its heroic aspects. The masculine one-on-one fighting of epic is manifested in phalanx fighting on the emphasis of holding one’s position in formation. This replaces the singular heroic competition found in the "Iliad".
One example of this is the Spartan tale of 300 picked men fighting against 300 picked Argives. In this battle of champions, only two men are left standing for the Argives and one for the Spartans. Othryades, the remaining Spartan, goes back to stand in his formation with mortal wounds while the remaining two Argives go back to Argos to report their victory. Thus, the Spartans claimed this as a victory, as their last man displayed the ultimate feat of bravery by maintaining his position in the phalanx.
In terms of the ideology of commanders in later Greek history, the "Iliad" has an interesting effect. The "Iliad" expresses a definite disdain for tactical trickery, when Hector says, before he challenges the great Ajax: 
I know how to storm my way into the struggle of flying horses;
I know how to tread the measures on the grim floor of
the war god.
Yet great as you are I would not strike you by stealth, watching
for my chance, but openly, so, if perhaps I might hit you.
However, despite examples of disdain for this tactical trickery, there is reason to believe that the "Iliad", as well as later Greek warfare, endorsed tactical genius on the part of their commanders. For example, there are multiple passages in the "Iliad" with commanders such as Agamemnon or Nestor discussing the arraying of troops so as to gain an advantage. Indeed, the Trojan War is won by a notorious example of Greek guile in the Trojan Horse. This is even later referred to by Homer in the "Odyssey". The connection, in this case, between guileful tactics of the Greeks in the "Iliad" and those of the later Greeks is not a difficult one to find. Spartan commanders, often seen as the pinnacle of Greek military prowess, were known for their tactical trickery, and, for them, this was a feat to be desired in a commander. Indeed, this type of leadership was the standard advice of Greek tactical writers.
Ultimately, while Homeric (or epic) fighting is certainly not completely replicated in later Greek warfare, many of its ideals, tactics, and instruction are.
Hans van Wees argues that the period that the descriptions of warfare relate can be pinned down fairly specifically—to the first half of the 7th century BC.
Influence on the arts and literature.
The "Iliad" was a standard work of great importance already in Classical Greece and remained so throughout the Hellenistic and Byzantine periods. It made its return to Italy and Western Europe beginning in the 15th century, primarily through translations into Latin and the vernacular languages. Prior to this reintroduction, a shortened Latin version of the poem, known as the "Ilias Latina," was very widely studied and read as a basic school text. The West, however, had tended to look at Homer as a liar as they believed they possessed much more down to earth and realistic eyewitness accounts of the Trojan War written by Dares and Dictys Cretensis who were supposedly present at the events.
These late antique forged accounts formed the basis of several eminently popular medieval chivalric romances, most notably those of Benoit de Sainte-Maure and Guido delle Colonne. These in turn spawned many others in various European languages, such as the first printed English book, the 1473 "Recuyell of the Historyes of Troye." Other accounts read in the Middle Ages were antique Latin retellings such as the "Excidium Troiae" and works in the vernaculars such as the Icelandic Troy Saga. Even without Homer, the Trojan War story had remained central to Western European medieval literary culture and its sense of identity. Most nations and several royal houses traced their origins to heroes at the Trojan War. Britain was supposedly settled by the Trojan Brutus, for instance.
Subjects from the Trojan War were a favourite among ancient Greek dramatists. Aeschylus' trilogy, the "Oresteia," comprising "Agamemnon", "The Libation Bearers", and "The Eumenides", follows the story of Agamemnon after his return from the war.
Homer also came to be of great influence in European culture with the resurgence of interest in Greek antiquity during the Renaissance, and it remains the first and most influential work of the Western canon.
William Shakespeare used the plot of the "Iliad" as source material for his play "Troilus and Cressida", but focused on a medieval legend, the love story of Troilus, son of King Priam of Troy, and Cressida, daughter of the Trojan soothsayer Calchas. The play, often considered to be a comedy, reverses traditional views on events of the Trojan War and depicts Achilles as a coward, Ajax as a dull, unthinking mercenary, etc.
Robert Browning's poem "Development" discusses his childhood introduction to the matter of the "Iliad" and his delight in the epic, as well as contemporary debates about its authorship.
20th century.
Simone Weil wrote the essay "The Iliad or the Poem of Force" in 1939 shortly after the commencement of World War II. It has been claimed that the essay describes how the "Iliad" demonstrates the way force, exercised to the extreme in war, reduces both victim and aggressor to the level of the slave and the unthinking automaton.
The 1954 Broadway musical "The Golden Apple" by librettist John Treville Latouche and composer Jerome Moross was freely adapted from the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey", re-setting the action to America's Washington state in the years after the Spanish-American War, with events inspired by the "Iliad" in Act One and events inspired by the "Odyssey" in Act Two.
Christa Wolf's 1983 novel "Cassandra" is a critical engagement with the "Iliad". Wolf's narrator is Cassandra, whose thoughts we hear at the moment just before her murder by Clytemnestra in Sparta. Wolf's narrator presents a feminist's view of the war, and of war in general. Cassandra's story is accompanied by four essays which Wolf delivered as the Frankfurter Poetik-Vorlesungen. The essays present Wolf's concerns as a writer and rewriter of this canonical story and show the genesis of the novel through Wolf's own readings and in a trip she took to Greece.
Contemporary popular culture.
An epic science fiction adaptation/tribute by acclaimed author Dan Simmons titled "Ilium" was released in 2003. The novel received a Locus Award for best science fiction novel of 2003.
Yokanaan Kearns wrote a stage version of "The Iliad" titled "Dis/Troy". The one-hour adaptation aimed at adolescents, in which four actors play all the major characters, was workshopped and read to the public at the Kennedy Center 2002 New Visions/New Voices Festival, premiered in 2003 at Honolulu Theatre for Youth, and published by Playscripts Inc.
A loose film adaptation of the "Iliad", "Troy", was released in 2004. Though the film received mixed reviews, it was a commercial success, particularly in international sales. It grossed $133 million in the United States and $497 million worldwide, placing it in the 88th top-grossing movies of all time.
An excerpt from the "Iliad" is featured in volume one of the graphic novel anthology "The Graphic Canon", with artwork and adaptation executed by Alice Duke. The anthology is edited by Russ Kick and published by Seven Stories Press.
"Age of Bronze" is an American comics series by writer/artist Eric Shanower retelling the legend of the Trojan War. It began in 1998 and is published by Image Comics.
Published October 2011, Alice Oswald's sixth collection, "Memorial", is based on the "Iliad" but departs from the narrative form of the "Iliad" to focus on, and so commemorate, the individually-named characters whose deaths are mentioned in that poem. Later in October 2011, "Memorial" was shortlisted for the T. S. Eliot Prize, but in December 2011, Oswald withdrew the book from the shortlist, citing concerns about the ethics of the prize's sponsors.
English translations.
George Chapman published his translation of the "Iliad", in instalments, beginning in 1598, published in “fourteeners”, a long-line ballad metre that “has room for all of Homer’s figures of speech and plenty of new ones, as well as explanations in parentheses. At its best, as in Achilles’ rejection of the embassy in "Iliad" Nine; it has great rhetorical power”. It quickly established itself as a classic in English poetry. In the preface to his own translation, Pope praises “the daring fiery spirit” of Chapman’s rendering, which is “something like what one might imagine Homer, himself, would have writ before he arrived at years of discretion”.
John Keats praised Chapman in the sonnet "On First Looking into Chapman's Homer" (1816). John Ogilby’s mid-seventeenth-century translation is among the early annotated editions; Alexander Pope’s 1715 translation, in heroic couplet, is “The classic translation that was built on all the preceding versions”, and, like Chapman’s, it is a major poetic work in its own right. William Cowper’s Miltonic, blank verse 1791 edition is highly regarded for its greater fidelity to the Greek than either the Chapman or the Pope versions: “I have omitted nothing; I have invented nothing”, Cowper says in prefacing his translation.
In the lectures "On Translating Homer" (1861), Matthew Arnold addresses the matters of translation and interpretation in rendering the "Iliad" to English; commenting upon the versions contemporarily available in 1861, he identifies the four "essential" poetic qualities of Homer to which the translator must do justice:
that he is eminently rapid; [ii that he is eminently plain and direct, both in the evolution of his thought and in the expression of it, that is, both in his syntax and in his words; that he is eminently plain and direct in the substance of his thought, that is, in his matter and ideas; and, finally, [iv that he is eminently noble.
After a discussion of the metres employed by previous translators, Arnold argues for a poetical dialect hexameter translation of the "Iliad", like the original. “Laborious as this meter was, there were at least half a dozen attempts to translate the entire "Iliad" or "Odyssey" in hexameters; the last in 1945. Perhaps the most fluent of them was by J. Henry Dart in response to Arnold”.
In 1870, the American poet William Cullen Bryant published a blank verse version, that Van Wyck Brooks describes as “simple, faithful”. Moreover, since 1950, there have been several English translations. Richmond Lattimore’s version is “a free six-beat” line-for-line rendering that explicitly eschews “poetical dialect” for “the plain English of today”. It is literal, unlike older verse renderings. Robert Fitzgerald's version strives to situate the "Iliad" in the musical forms of English poetry. His forceful version is freer, with shorter lines that increase the sense of swiftness and energy.
Robert Fagles and Stanley Lombardo are bolder in adding dramatic significance to Homer’s conventional and formulaic language. Meanwhile James Muirden in his 2012 interpretation deploys the heroic couplet, the form used by Alexander Pope in his classic translation. 
Manuscripts.
There are known to exist more than 2000 manuscripts of Homer. Some of the most notable manuscripts include:

</doc>
<doc id="19381958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381958" title="Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers">
Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers

Financial services firm Lehman Brothers filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on September 15, 2008. The filing remains the largest bankruptcy filing in U.S. history, with Lehman holding over $600 billion in assets.
Background.
Exposure to the mortgage market.
Lehman borrowed significant amounts to fund its investing in the years leading to its bankruptcy in 2008, a process known as leveraging or gearing. A significant portion of this investing was in housing-related assets, making it vulnerable to a downturn in that market. One measure of this risk-taking was its leverage ratio, a measure of the ratio of assets to owners equity, which increased from approximately 24:1 in 2003 to 31:1 by 2007. While generating tremendous profits during the boom, this vulnerable position meant that just a 3–4% decline in the value of its assets would entirely eliminate its book value of equity. Investment banks such as Lehman were not subject to the same regulations applied to depository banks to restrict their risk-taking.
In August 2007, Lehman closed its subprime lender, BNC Mortgage, eliminating 1,200 positions in 23 locations, and took a $25-million after-tax charge and a $27-million reduction in goodwill. The firm said that poor market conditions in the mortgage space "necessitated a substantial reduction in its resources and capacity in the subprime space".
Lehman's final months.
In 2008, Lehman faced an unprecedented loss due to the continuing subprime mortgage crisis. Lehman's loss was apparently a result of having held on to large positions in subprime and other lower-rated mortgage tranches when securitizing the underlying mortgages. Whether Lehman did this because it was simply unable to sell the lower-rated bonds, or made a conscious decision to hold them, is unclear. In any event, huge losses accrued in lower-rated mortgage-backed securities throughout 2008. In the second fiscal quarter, Lehman reported losses of $2.8 billion and decided to raise $6 billion in additional capital. In the first half of 2008 alone, Lehman stock lost 73% of its value as the credit market continued to tighten. In August 2008, Lehman reported that it intended to release 6% of its work force, 1,500 people, just ahead of its third-quarter-reporting deadline in September.
On August 22, 2008, shares in Lehman closed up 5% (16% for the week) on reports that the state-controlled Korea Development Bank was considering buying Lehman. Most of those gains were quickly eroded as news emerged that Korea Development Bank was "facing difficulties pleasing regulators and attracting partners for the deal." It culminated on September 9, 2008, when Lehman's shares plunged 45% to $7.79, after it was reported that the state-run South Korean firm had put talks on hold.
Investor confidence continued to erode as Lehman's stock lost roughly half its value and pushed the S&P 500 down 3.4% on September 9, 2008. The Dow Jones lost nearly 300 points the same day on investors' concerns about the security of the bank. The U.S. government did not announce any plans to assist with any possible financial crisis that emerged at Lehman.
On September 10, 2008, Lehman announced a loss of $3.9 billion and their intent to sell off a majority stake in their investment-management business, which included Neuberger Berman. The stock slid 7% that day.
On September 13, 2008, Timothy F. Geithner, then president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York called a meeting on the future of Lehman, which included the possibility of an emergency liquidation of its assets. Lehman reported that it had been in talks with Bank of America and Barclays for the company's possible sale. "The New York Times" reported on September 14, 2008, that Barclays had ended its bid to purchase all or part of Lehman and a deal to rescue the bank from liquidation collapsed. It emerged subsequently that a deal had been vetoed by the Bank of England and the UK's Financial Services Authority. Leaders of major Wall Street banks continued to meet late that day to prevent the bank's rapid failure. Bank of America's rumored involvement also appeared to end as federal regulators resisted its request for government involvement in Lehman's sale.
Bankruptcy filing.
Lehman Brothers filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on September 15, 2008. According to Bloomberg, reports filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Southern District of New York (Manhattan) on September 16 indicated that JPMorgan Chase & Co. provided Lehman Brothers with a total of $138 billion in "Federal Reserve-backed advances." The cash-advances by JPMorgan Chase were repaid by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for $87 billion on September 15 and $51 billion on September 16.
Breakup process.
On September 22, 2008, a revised proposal to sell the brokerage part of Lehman Brothers holdings of the deal, was put before the bankruptcy court, with a $1.3666 billion (£700 million) plan for Barclays to acquire the core business of Lehman Brothers (mainly Lehman's $960 million Midtown Manhattan office skyscraper), was approved. Manhattan court bankruptcy Judge James Peck, after a 7 hour hearing, ruled: "I have to approve this transaction because it is the only available transaction. Lehman Brothers became a victim, in effect the only true icon to fall in a tsunami that has befallen the credit markets. This is the most momentous bankruptcy hearing I've ever sat through. It can never be deemed precedent for future cases. It's hard for me to imagine a similar emergency."
Luc Despins, the creditors committee counsel, said: "The reason we're not objecting is really based on the lack of a viable alternative. We did not support the transaction because there had not been enough time to properly review it." In the amended agreement, Barclays would absorb $47.4 billion in securities and assume $45.5 billion in trading liabilities. Lehman's attorney Harvey R. Miller of Weil, Gotshal & Manges, said "the purchase price for the real estate components of the deal would be $1.29 billion, including $960 million for Lehman's New York headquarters and $330 million for two New Jersey data centers. Lehman's original estimate valued its headquarters at $1.02 billion but an appraisal from CB Richard Ellis this week valued it at $900 million." Further, Barclays will not acquire Lehman's Eagle Energy unit, but will have entities known as Lehman Brothers Canada Inc, Lehman Brothers Sudamerica, Lehman Brothers Uruguay and its Private Investment Management business for high net-worth individuals. Finally, Lehman will retain $20 billion of securities assets in Lehman Brothers Inc that are not being transferred to Barclays. Barclays had a potential liability of $2.5 billion to be paid as severance, if it chooses not to retain some Lehman employees beyond the guaranteed 90 days.
On September 22, 2008, Nomura Holdings, Inc. announced it agreed to acquire Lehman Brothers' franchise in the Asia Pacific region including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia. The following day, Nomura announced its intentions to acquire Lehman Brothers' investment banking and equities businesses in Europe and the Middle East. A few weeks later it was announced that conditions to the deal had been met, and the deal became legally effective on Monday, October 13. In 2007, non-US subsidiaries of Lehman Brothers were responsible for over 50% of global revenue produced.
Impact of bankruptcy filing.
The Dow Jones closed down just over 500 points (−4.4%) on September 15, 2008, at the time the largest drop by points in a single day since the days following the attacks on September 11, 2001. (This drop was subsequently exceeded by an even larger −7.0% plunge on September 29, 2008.)
Lehman's bankruptcy was expected to cause some depreciation in the price of commercial real estate. The prospect for Lehman's $4.3 billion in mortgage securities getting liquidated sparked a selloff in the commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) market. Additional pressure to sell securities in commercial real estate is feared as Lehman gets closer to liquidating its assets. Apartment-building investors are also expected to feel pressure to sell as Lehman unloads its debt and equity pieces of the $22 billion purchase of Archstone, the third-largest United States real estate investment trust (REIT). Archstone's core business is the ownership and management of residential apartment buildings in major metropolitan areas of the United States. Jeffrey Spector, a real-estate analyst at UBS said that in markets with apartment buildings that compete with Archstone, "there is no question that if you need to sell assets, you will try to get ahead" of the Lehman selloff, adding "Every day that goes by there will be more pressure on pricing."
Several money funds and institutional cash funds had significant exposure to Lehman with the institutional cash fund run by The Bank of New York Mellon and the Primary Reserve Fund, a money market fund, both falling below $1 per share, called "breaking the buck", following losses on their holdings of Lehman assets. In a statement The Bank of New York Mellon said its fund had isolated the Lehman assets in a separate structure. It said the assets accounted for 1.13% of its fund. The drop in the Primary Reserve Fund was the first time since 1994 that a money-market fund had dropped below the $1-per-share level. 
Putnam Investments, a unit of Canada's Great-West Lifeco, shut a $12.3 billion money-market fund as it faced "significant redemption pressure" on September 17, 2008. Evergreen Investments said its parent Wachovia Corporation would "support" three Evergreen money-market funds to prevent their shares from falling. This move to cover $494 million of Lehman assets in the funds also raised fears about Wachovia's ability to raise capital.
Close to 100 hedge funds used Lehman as their prime broker and relied largely on the firm for financing. In an attempt to meet their own credit needs, Lehman Brothers International routinely re-hypothecated the assets of their hedge funds clients that utilized their prime brokerage services. Lehman Brothers International held close to 40 billion dollars of clients assets when it filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy. Of this, 22 billion had been re-hypothecated. As administrators took charge of the London business and the U.S. holding company filed for bankruptcy, positions held by those hedge funds at Lehman were frozen. As a result, the hedge funds are being forced to de-lever and sit on large cash balances inhibiting chances at further growth. This in turn created further market dislocation and overall systemic risk, resulting in a 737 billion dollar decline in collateral outstanding in the securities lending market. 
In Japan, banks and insurers announced a combined 249 billion yen ($2.4 billion) in potential losses tied to the collapse of Lehman. Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. cut its profit forecast by more than half, citing 11.8 billion yen in losses on bonds and loans linked to Lehman. The Bank of Japan Governor Masaaki Shirakawa said "Most lending to Lehman Brothers was made by major Japanese banks, and their possible losses seem to be within the levels that can be covered by their profits," adding "There is no concern that the latest events will threaten the stability of Japan's financial system." During bankruptcy proceedings a lawyer from The Royal Bank of Scotland Group said the company is facing between $1.5 billion and $1.8 billion in claims against Lehman partially based on an unsecured guarantee from Lehman and connected to trading losses with Lehman subsidiaries, Martin Bienenstock.
Lehman was a counterparty to mortgage financier Freddie Mac in unsecured lending transactions that matured on September 15, 2008. Freddie said it had not received principal payments of $1.2 billion plus accrued interest. Freddie said it had further potential exposure to Lehman of about $400 million related to the servicing of single-family home loans, including repurchasing obligations. Freddie also said it "does not know whether and to what extent it will sustain a loss relating to the transactions" and warned that "actual losses could materially exceed current estimates." Freddie was still in the process of evaluating its exposure to Lehman and its affiliates under other business relationships.
After Constellation Energy was reported to have exposure to Lehman, its stock went down 56% in the first day of trading having started at $67.87. The massive drop in stocks led to the New York Stock Exchange halting trade of Constellation. The next day, as the stock plummeted as low as $13 per share, Constellation announced it was hiring Morgan Stanley and UBS to advise it on "strategic alternatives" suggesting a buyout. While rumors suggested French power company Électricité de France would buy the company or increase its stake, Constellation ultimately agreed to a buyout by MidAmerican Energy, part of Berkshire Hathaway (headed by billionaire Warren Buffett).
The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation or Farmer Mac said it would have to write off $48 million in Lehman debt it owned as a result of the bankruptcy. Farmer Mac said it may not be in compliance with its minimum capital requirements at the end of September.
In Hong Kong more than 43,700 individuals in the city have invested in HK$15.7 billion of "guaranteed mini-bonds" (迷你債券) from Lehman. Many claim that banks and brokers mis-sold them as low-risk. Conversely, bankers note that minibonds are indeed low-risk instruments since they were backed by Lehman Brothers, which until just months before its collapse was a venerable member of Wall Street with high credit and investment ratings. The default of Lehman Brothers was a low probability event, which was totally unexpected. Indeed, many banks accepted minibonds as collateral for loans and credit facilities. Another HK$3 billion has been invested in similar like derivatives. The Hong Kong government proposed a plan to buy back the investments at their current estimated value, which will allow investors to partially recover some of their loss by the end of the year. HK chief executive Donald Tsang insisted the local banks respond swiftly to the government buy-back proposal as the Monetary Authority received more than 16,000 complaints. On October 17 He Guangbe, chairman of the Hong Kong Association of Banks, agreed to buy back the bonds, which will be priced using an agreed upon methodology based on its estimated current value. This episode has deep repercussions on the banking industry, where misguided investor sentiments have become hostile to both wealth management products as well as the banking industry as a whole. Under intense pressure from the public, all political parties have come out in support of the investors, further fanning distrust towards the banking industry.
Neuberger Berman.
Neuberger Berman Inc., through its subsidiaries, primarily Neuberger Berman, LLC, is an investment-advisory firm founded in 1939 by Roy R. Neuberger and Robert Berman, to manage money for high-net-worth individuals. In the decades that followed, the firm's growth mirrored that of the asset-management industry as a whole. In 1950, it introduced one of the first no-load mutual funds in the United States, the Guardian Fund, and also began to manage the assets of pension plans and other institutions. Historically known for its value-investing style, in the 1990s the firm began to diversify its competencies to include additional value and growth investing, across the entire capitalization spectrum, as well as new investment categories, such as international, real-estate investment trusts and high-yield investments. In addition, with the creation of a nationally and several state-chartered trust companies, the firm became able to offer trust and fiduciary services. Today the firm has approximately $130 billion in assets under management.
In October 1999, the firm conducted an initial public offering of its shares and commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange, under the ticker symbol "NEU". In July 2003, shortly after the retired Mr. Neuberger's 100th birthday, the company announced that it was in merger discussions with Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. These discussions ultimately resulted in the firm's acquisition by Lehman on October 31, 2003, for approximately $2.63 billion in cash and securities. 
On November 20, 2006, Lehman announced its Neuberger Berman subsidiary would acquire H. A. Schupf & Co., a money-management firm targeted at wealthy individuals. Its $2.5 billion of assets would join Neuberger's $50 billion in high-net-worth client assets under management.
An article in The Wall Street Journal on September 15, 2008, announcing that Lehman Brothers Holdings filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, quoted Lehman officials regarding Neuberger Berman: ""Neuberger Berman LLC and Lehman Brothers Asset Management will continue to conduct business as usual and will not be subject to the bankruptcy case of the parent company, and its portfolio management, research and operating functions remain intact. In addition, fully paid securities of customers of Neuberger Berman are segregated from the assets of Lehman Brothers and aren't subject to the claims of Lehman Brothers Holdings' creditors, Lehman said.""
Just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers, executives at Neuberger Berman sent e-mail memos suggesting, among other things, that the Lehman Brothers' top people forgo multi-million dollar bonuses to "send a strong message to both employees and investors that management is not shirking accountability for recent performance."
Lehman Brothers Investment Management Director George Herbert Walker IV dismissed the proposal, going so far as to actually apologize to other members of the Lehman Brothers executive committee for the idea of bonus reduction having been suggested. He wrote, "Sorry team. I am not sure what's in the water at Neuberger Berman. I'm embarrassed and I apologize."
Controversies.
Controversy of executive pay during crisis.
Richard Fuld, head of Lehman Brothers, faced questioning from the U.S. House of Representatives' Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Rep. Henry Waxman (D-CA) asked: "Your company is now bankrupt, our economy is in crisis, but you get to keep $480 million (£276 million). I have a very basic question for you, is this fair?" Fuld said that he had in fact taken about $300 million (£173 million) in pay and bonuses over the past eight years. Despite Fuld's defense on his high pay, Lehman Brothers executive pay was reported to have increased significantly before filing for bankruptcy. On October 17, 2008, CNBC reported that several Lehman executives, including Richard Fuld, have been subpoenaed in a case relating to securities fraud.
Accounting manipulation.
In March 2010, the report of Anton R. Valukas, the Bankruptcy Examiner, drew attention to the use of Repo 105 transactions to boost the bank's apparent financial position around the date of the year-end balance sheet. The attorney general Andrew Cuomo later filed charges against the bank's auditors Ernst & Young in December 2010, alleging that the firm "substantially assisted... a massive accounting fraud" by approving the accounting treatment.
On April 12, 2010, a "New York Times" story revealed that Lehman had used a small company, Hudson Castle, to move a number of transactions and assets off Lehman's books as a means of manipulating accounting numbers of Lehman's finances and risks. One Lehman executive described Hudson Castle as an "alter ego" of Lehman. According to the story, Lehman owned one quarter of Hudson; Hudson's board was controlled by Lehman, most Hudson staff members were former Lehman employees.
Section 363 Sale.
On February 22, 2011, Judge James M. Peck of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in the Southern District of New York rejected claims by lawyers for the Lehman estate that Barclays had improperly reaped a windfall from the section 363 sale. "The sale process may have been imperfect, but it was still adequate under the exceptional circumstances of Lehman Week."

</doc>
<doc id="19381971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381971" title="Tiruvirkolam">
Tiruvirkolam

Tiruvirkolam (also Cooum) is an ancient temple town on the banks of the Koovam River in Tamil Nadu, India. It is located about 70 km from Chennai. The water, though sparkling clear over here, becomes polluted on the way and reaches the Bay of Bengal.
Sri Tripuranthaka Swami temple
LEGENDS:
Three demons, Tharaka, Kamalakshan and Vidyunmali armed with the boons from Lord Brahmma, began to torture devas. They surrendered to Lord Shiva for protection. Lord took a bow and began His march against the demons. As a rule, any undertaking by anybody including Gods should be taken only after worshipping Lord Vinayaka which Lord Shiva missed in His hasty aim to destroy the demons. Devas who know the rule also intentionally failed to worship Lord Vinayaka as they thought that Lord Shiva Himself was backing them. Angry Vinayaka broke the axle of the Rath. Knowing that it was the act of Vinayaka, Lord asked him to set right the axle which Son Vinayaka did. Lord Shiva rose as a swayambu from the place where the Kooram (axle) of the Rath stuck. Hence the place was named Kooram which later changed as Cooum. There is an injury scar on the head of Lord Shiva. Hence, pujas are performed without touching the head of the Lord. Borneol (Pachai Karpuram) is sprayed on Lord’s head and abishek is performed with milk. As the Lord took on the march against Tripuranthaka demons, he also bears the name Tripuranthaka, and Mother Tripuranthaki. 
It is said that Lord Shiva is performing penance here. As the sound of frogs would be a hindrance to penance, there are no frogs in the Agni Theertha here, it is said. When the axle of His Rath broke, Lord got down and stood with his bow and arrow. Lord Shiva holding a bow is a rare form, hence also named Tiruvirkolanathar. So the Place is also known as Tiruvirkolam. During the Chithirai Brahmmotsavam festival, Lord appears with the bow. This darshan is considered very important in the temple. At the request of Sages Munjikesar and Karkodar, Lord Shiva played his Oordhva Thandavam – a dance with fast and furious movements – and won Kali in the competition. Kali was too angry to accept Her defeat. Lord Shiva told Kali that He would be playing a pleasing dance – Raksha dance – in Tiruvirkolam when She can have His darshan and shed Her anger. Kali had the pleasing darshan of the Lord on the occasion and became merciful. Kali is gracing the devotees in the name of Tharka Madha in a separate shrine a little away from the temple. Kali assumed the name of Tharka Madha as She contested against Lord Shiva in the dance competition. Tharka in Sanskrit means debate. 
Temple:
The vimana above the sanctum sanctorum is called Gajabrushta Vimana. The demons, Tharaka and Vindyunmali are the Dwarapalakas (securities) of the sanctum sanctorum. The shrine where Lord Nataraja played the Kathal Thandavam (protection dance) is opposite the Rajagopuram – main tower. Mother’s shrine is right of that of Lord facing east in a standing form. Sri Chakra is installed in the shrine. Devotees believe that worshipping Mother would break the obstacles in the way of wedding proposals. The Vimana of the sanctum of Mother is in the form of a tower. Lord Muruga with His six faces and with His consorts Valli and Deivanai is in a separate shrine. Lord Bhairava is without his dog vehicle.

</doc>
<doc id="19381972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381972" title="James King (pioneer)">
James King (pioneer)

James King (1800 – 29 November 1857) was a Scottish-Australian who was important in the establishment of the wine industry in Australia.
Biography.
King left Scotland in 1826 as a free settler possessed of capital, and arrived in Sydney early in 1827, and went into business as a merchant. In 1828 King received a grant of 2000 acres (8 km²) of land at Irrawang in the northern part of the colony, which became his chief interest. In 1831 he discovered some sand near Sydney suitable for glass-making, samples of which were sent to England and found to be of fine quality. In January 1832 he asked that he might be rewarded for his discovery by a grant of of land near Sydney, part of the present site of the University. This was refused, but the English authorities suggested that he should be allowed the sum of £100 off the price of any land he might purchase from the state. King was much dissatisfied, and six years later was still endeavouring to have his claim better recognized. King had no success though he was able to mention that the Society of Arts in London had awarded him its silver medal, and that he had a fresh claim on account of his having established a pottery in the colony. 
Winemaking and later life.
While in Australia, King had done much experimenting in vine growing and in making wine, and he continued to do this for many years, producing several varieties of wine of high quality. In 1850 he was awarded gold medals by the Horticultural Society of Sydney for a light sparkling wine and for a white wine, and at the Paris exhibition of 1855 his wines were highly commended and awarded a medal. 
King left Australia in 1855 on a two years' visit to Europe and in 1857 published privately a pamphlet "Australia May Be an Extensive Wine-growing Country". King was by then in bad health, and died in London on 29 November 1857. He left a widow Eliza Elflida "née" Millner (1812–1887) who afterwards married William Roberts of Penrith, who by his will left £4000 to the University of Sydney for the foundation of scholarships in memory of King.

</doc>
<doc id="19381986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381986" title="Bond Inlet">
Bond Inlet

Bond Inlet () is a body of water in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in western Hudson Strait, forming a wedge into Baffin Island's Meta Incognita Peninsula and the western slopes of the Everett Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="19382017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382017" title="Zig-zag lemma">
Zig-zag lemma

In mathematics, particularly homological algebra, the zig-zag lemma asserts the existence of a particular long exact sequence in the homology groups of certain chain complexes. The result is valid in every abelian category.
Statement.
In an abelian category (such as the category of abelian groups or the category of vector spaces over a given field), let formula_1 and formula_2 be chain complexes that fit into the following short exact sequence:
Such a sequence is shorthand for the following commutative diagram:
where the rows are exact sequences and each column is a complex. 
The zig-zag lemma asserts that there is a collection of boundary maps
that makes the following sequence exact:
The maps formula_5 and formula_6 are the usual maps induced by homology. The boundary maps formula_7 are explained below. The name of the lemma arises from the "zig-zag" behavior of the maps in the sequence. In an unfortunate overlap in terminology, this theorem is also commonly known as the "snake lemma," although there is another result in homological algebra with that name. Interestingly, the "other" snake lemma can be used to prove the zig-zag lemma, in a manner different from what is described below.
Construction of the boundary maps.
The maps formula_7 are defined using a standard diagram chasing argument. Let formula_9 represent a class in formula_10, so formula_11. Exactness of the row implies that formula_12 is surjective, so there must be some formula_13 with formula_14. By commutativity of the diagram, 
By exactness, 
Thus, since formula_17 is injective, there is a unique element formula_18 such that formula_19. This is a cycle, since formula_20 is injective and
since formula_22. That is, formula_23. This means formula_24 is a cycle, so it represents a class in formula_25. We can now define
With the boundary maps defined, one can show that they are well-defined (that is, independent of the choices of "c" and "b"). The proof uses diagram chasing arguments similar to that above. Such arguments are also used to show that the sequence in homology is exact at each group.

</doc>
<doc id="19382048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382048" title="Wight Inlet">
Wight Inlet

Wight Inlet () is a body of water in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in western Hudson Strait, forming a wedge into Baffin Island's Meta Incognita Peninsula and the western slopes of the Everett Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="19382052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382052" title="Kofa High School">
Kofa High School

Kofa High School is a high school in Yuma, Arizona. It is a part of the Yuma Union High School District.
It was the second high school to be established in the community. The school shares its name with the Kofa Mountains which itself was named for the rich King of Arizona gold mine, discovered in King Valley in 1896 and active from 1897 to 1910. The mine used to stamp its property "K of A", and is commonly known as the Kofa Mine. The school draws its mascot, the King, from the King of Arizona mine. 

</doc>
<doc id="19382073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382073" title="Balcom Inlet">
Balcom Inlet

Balcom Inlet () is a body of water in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in western Hudson Strait, forming a wedge into Baffin Island's Meta Incognita Peninsula and the western slopes of the Everett Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="19382080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382080" title="Sibylla of Anhalt">
Sibylla of Anhalt

Sibylla of Anhalt (28 September 1564 – 26 October 1614) was an Ascanian princess of Anhalt who became Duchess of Württemberg by marriage to Duke Frederick I. She was the fourth (but third surviving) daughter of Joachim Ernest, Prince of Anhalt, by his first wife Agnes, daughter of Wolfgang I, Count of Barby-Mühlingen.
Life.
Sibylla was born in Bernburg in 1564. In 1577, her elder sister Anna Maria was relieved from her post as Imperial abbess of Gernrode and Frose in order to marry Joachim Frederick, eldest son and heir of the duke of Brieg; under pressure from her father, the Chapter elected Sibylla as her successor. Sibylla was confirmed in office by the emperor, Rudolph II. During her reign as Abbess the only record of her activities comes from an abbey document in which she invests the widow of Stefan Molitor (the first Evangelical Superintendent of the abbey) with a piece of land.
In 1581, Sibylla was relieved of her post as Abbess in order to marry Frederick, Count of Mömpelgard and heir apparent of the Duchy of Württemberg. The marriage was arranged by her stepmother, Eleonore of Württemberg. The wedding took place in Stuttgart on 22 May of that year. Her successor as abbess was her younger half-sister Agnes Hedwig (later the Duchess of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg).
Only sixteen years old at the time of her wedding, Sibylla bore her husband fifteen children during the first fifteen years of their marriage. However, she did not play a prominent role in court life or have any influence over her husband; marital fidelity was not compatible with his view of the prerogatives of an absolutist monarch. After the birth of their last child, the couple virtually lived apart. On his frequent travels to France, Italy, and England, Frederick did not take Sybilla with him. He succeeded his father's cousin Ludwig as Duke of Württemberg in 1593.
Sibylla was anxious to expand her knowledge of botany and chemistry. To veil her interest in the dubious discipline of alchemy, she explained her activity as gathering an herbal collection for the production of medicine for the poor. As scientific adviser, she appointed Helena Magenbuch, a daughter of Johann Magenbuch, the personal physician of Martin Luther and Emperor Charles V. Helena Magenbuch was awarded the title Pharmacist of the Württemberg court. From 1606/1607, Maria Andreae took over this post.
After the death of her husband in 1608, Sibylla withdrew to Leonberg, where she commissioned the architect Heinrich Schickhardt to develop Schloss Leonberg and create the famous "Pomeranzengarten" (Orange Garden) in Renaissance style. In 1609 Schickhardt built a lakeside house not far from Leonberg ("Seehaus Leonberg") that was used as a hunting lodge. Sibylla died in Leonberg 1614.

</doc>
<doc id="19382092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382092" title="Barrier Inlet">
Barrier Inlet

Barrier Inlet () is a body of water in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in western Hudson Strait, forming a wedge into Baffin Island's Meta Incognita Peninsula and the western slopes of the Everett Mountains. Reversing Falls lie near the mouth of the inlet. Shaftesbury Inlet is to the northwest, while Balcom Inlet is to the southeast

</doc>
<doc id="19382121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382121" title="Krivolak">
Krivolak

Krivolak () is an area in east-central Macedonia, where the largest military base of the Army of the Republic of Macedonia, and the largest military training polygon in the Balkans is located. The area is primarily used for the training of the Macedonian Armed Forces and its Allies. The base has also been used for NATO exercises, and during former Yugoslavia, the facility was used for testing of chemical weapons. It occupies a very large area of mostly barren landscape including hills, valleys, and a desert that test the skills and endurance of soldiers that train there. The military drills that take place there often are a combination of heavy artillery firing, with aerial bombardment and infantry attack. Many objects are used to simulate real warfare including temporary buildings and structures, vehicles, and others. The military training polygon within the base is sometimes used for training of United Nations Military Observers (UNMOs). Krivolak is also the location of an annual training exercise sponsored by the Consortium for Humanitarian Service and Education (CHSE). The Consortium is a collaborative effort of academic, government, and non-governmental organizations in the United States and Macedonia. The training includes university students from Macedonia and the United States who are involved in organizing and conducting a humanitarian response to a simulated major earthquake.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19382122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382122" title="Percy Wentworth Hope-Johnstone">
Percy Wentworth Hope-Johnstone

Percy Wentworth Hope-Johnstone, de jure 10th Earl of Annandale and Hartfell (2 January 1909 – 5 April 1983) was a "de jure" British peer and soldier in the British Army.
He was the son of Evelyn Wentworth Hope-Johnstone (9 March 1879 – 26 October 1964) and Eileen Briscoe (died 18 April 1909). He succeeded to his titles as Laird of Clan Johnstone, which included 10th Lord Johnstone and Hereditary Steward of Annandale and Hereditary Keeper of Lochmaben Palace, on the death of his father. He also succeeded to the dormant title of Earl of Annandale and Hartfell, but never claimed it.
He was educated at Sherborne School and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. After school he joined the British Army and was made a Lieutenant with the 16th/5th Lancers. He was then part of the 155th (Lanarkshire Yeomanry) Field Regiment, Royal Artillery where he obtained the rank of Major. During World War II, he was captured in the Far East during the Malayan Campaign and kept as a prisoner of war.
On 7 July 1932 he married Phyllis Athena MacDonell. They had no children and divorced in 1939.
On 26 July 1940 he married Margaret Jane Hunter-Arundell (8 November 1910 – 5 May 1998). They had two children:

</doc>
<doc id="19382127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382127" title="Resthills Park">
Resthills Park

Resthills Park is a multi-use sports venue located in Hamilton, New Zealand. It currently serves as the home ground for Waikato RL in the Bartercard Premiership rugby league competition, as well as the Waikato FC football (soccer) team in the New Zealand Football Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19382144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382144" title="Shaftesbury Inlet">
Shaftesbury Inlet

Shaftesbury Inlet is a body of water in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. It lies in western Hudson Strait, forming a wedge into Baffin Island's Meta Incognita Peninsula. Kimmirut is to the northwest, while Barrier Inlet is to the southeast.

</doc>
<doc id="19382146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382146" title="Yannis C. Yortsos">
Yannis C. Yortsos

Yannis C. Yortsos is the Dean of the Viterbi School of Engineering at the University of Southern California. Since June 2005, he has served as Dean of the USC Viterbi School of Engineering and has held the Zohrab A. Kaprielian Chair in Engineering. He has also held the Chester F. Dolley Chair since January 1995. He was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in February 2008.
Education.
Yortsos received a B.Sc. degree from the National Technical University, Athens, Greece, in 1973, and M.Sc. and Ph.D. degrees from the California Institute of Technology, in 1974 and 1979, respectively, all in chemical engineering. He joined USC in 1979 as an assistant professor in petroleum and chemical engineering and was promoted to the ranks of associate professor and full professor in 1984 and 1990, respectively. His professional experience includes invited professor appointments at the Universite Paris, Orsay, France, in 1997, 1999 and 2001; and at the Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris, France, in 1990, 1997 and in 1999; associate researcher at the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique in France; visiting professor in the departments of chemical engineering at California Institute of Technology in 2001, and at Stanford University in 1986; and visiting professor in the Department of Mathematics and Computer Science at Clarkson University in 1986. In addition, he held student summer training appointments in Serlachius Oy Paper Factory, Mantta, Finland in 1972, and in Gaz de France, Strasbourg, France in 1971.
An active participant in peer review of the Yucca Mountain Project for the disposal of high-level radioactive waste, Yortsos was a member of the Peer Review Committee on Thermal Hydrology in 1995, a member of the Panel on Expert Elicitation on the Near-Field/Altered Zone Environment in 1997-1998, and an advisor to the TSPA-VA Peer Review Committee in 1998-1999.
Honors and Awards.
Yortsos’ awards and honors include an honorary doctoral degree from Dubna International University (2009) and the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE) 2008 Western North America Reservoir Description and Dynamics Award. An elected Foreign Member of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences (2001), Yortsos is also a recipient of the academy’s Kapitza Medal. He received a Distinguished Educator Award from the Orange County Engineering Council in 2000; the Rossiter W. Raymond Award of the AIME for Outstanding Technical Paper by an author younger than 33 years of age (1985); the Distinguished Service Award of the Pi Epsilon Tau in 1984; the ARCO Oil and Gas Outstanding Jr. Faculty Award in 1981; and a Greek Government Scholarship for his undergraduate studies from 1968- 1973. He served as the executive editor of the Society of Petroleum Engineers Journal (SPEJ) and on the editorial boards of several journals, including Transport in Porous Media, the SIAM Journal on Multiscale Modeling and Simulation, the SPEJ and the American Mathematical Society. From 2006-2010, he served as SPE editor-in-chief of all technical journals. He is a University Fellow of the Center of Public Diplomacy, and serves on the advisory boards of a number of institutions worldwide, including the School of Information Science and Technology of Tsinghua University, and the Academic Advisory Council of the Greek Embassy in the United States. He is the NAE Section 11 liaison to the National Research Council.
Research and Teaching.
Yortsos’ research and teaching interests are in the general areas of fluid flow, transport and reaction processes in porous and fractured media. He has supervised 27 Ph.D. theses and 8 post-doctoral researchers, and was the external examiner in seven Ph.D. theses, at the University of California, Berkeley; Alberta University, Canada; University of Bergen, Norway; University of Paris VI and University of Paris XI, France; and at Delft University, Holland.
The author of more than 145 refereed publications, Yortsos has given more than 120 invited talks and presented more than 80 conference papers. Included in his publications are studies of steam injection, heat transfer, in-situ combustion and thermal recovery processes in porous media; the development of analytical solutions to mathematical models of transport in porous media; viscous flow instabilities in porous media and Hele-Shaw cells; viscous flows in constricted geometries; filtration and formation damage in porous media; application of percolation theory to immiscible displacement, adsorption and reaction processes in porous media; application of fractal geometry to the identification of parameters in the subsurface; the evolution of gas in phase change in porous media, as in boiling and related geothermal problems; the modeling of mass transfer in porous media with application to soil remediation; and the application of optimization methods in subsurface flows.
Administrative.
Yortsos served as associate dean for academic affairs between July 1, 2001 and June 2003, and as senior associate dean for academic affairs between July 1, 2003 and May 31, 2005, also at the Viterbi School. From September 1991 to July 1997, Yortsos was chairman of the Department of Chemical Engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="19382158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382158" title="Sunnyvale Park">
Sunnyvale Park

Sunnyvale Park is a multi-use sports venue in Dunedin, New Zealand. It is located in Sunnyvale, near Green Island, and is currently used primarily for football (soccer), being a former home ground for Otago United in the New Zealand Football Championship, as well as local club side Green Island.
Sunnyvale Park has also been a first-class cricket venue.

</doc>
<doc id="19382163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382163" title="Inspired">
Inspired

Inspired is a collection of Lea Salonga's personal favorites, including "To Hear You Say You Love Me" (Jim Brickman), "Do You Hear It" (Lani Macaraeg), "Who Are You" (Bill Cantos), and her official wedding song, "Two Words" (Louie Ocampo).

</doc>
<doc id="19382179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382179" title="Pathar ki Masjid">
Pathar ki Masjid

The Pathar Ki Masjid stands on the bank of river Ganges near the Takht Shri Harmandir Saheb. Parvez Shah, son of Jahangir, established Pathar Ki Masjid in 1621. The structure is built of stone, and so it got its name as Pathar Ki Masjid.
Pathar Ki Masjid is very popular among the local Islamic community. Apart from religious functions, this old mosque is a major landmark of the city.
Pathar Ki Masjid is also called Saif Khan's mosque, Chimmi Ghat mosque, and Sangi Masjid.

</doc>
<doc id="19382180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382180" title="Senshi-Con">
Senshi-Con

Senshi-Con is an annual anime convention in Anchorage, Alaska. Founded in 2005, it was the first pioneering anime convention in Alaska. The name is a combination of the English word "convention" and the Japanese word "senshi" (戦士 in Japanese), meaning "warrior". The convention is organized by the Alaska Association of Asian Cultural Learning. 
Programming.
Attendees may bring a fake prop weapon as long as it complements the costume; however, live steel weapons and any gun replicas (even toys) are not allowed. Besides a cosplay contest, there are video game competitions, anime screenings, karaoke, Cosplay Chess, and art displays. Notable persons from the world of Japanese comics and animation make an appearance and are available for autographs. Throughout the day, various contests, game shows, and skits take place on stage. While the Senshi-Con attendance levels are lower than those of the more popular conventions in other parts of North America, the staff points out that the lines at such convention are shorter, and the planning is more thorough.
History.
The first Senshi-Con was held in 2005 at West High School in Anchorage, Alaska. It was founded and organized by now-voice actress Kira Buckland and the West High School Anime Club. As the convention staff graduated from high school, the convention was moved to the University of Alaska, Anchorage. 
It was announced on September 30th 2012 that Senshi-con would be changing venues to the Egan Center in downtown Anchorage.
Mascots.
Unlike most anime conventions, Senshi-Con features three mascots. They are the rookie, Mirai; the talking puppy, Takeru; and the faceless ninja, Ken. From 2006 to 2010, the mascots were Kari; the cosplayer, Tammy; the gamer; and CJ; the artist. The characters and all artwork were created by Phillip Matias.
Mirai Aoyama.
Mirai is usually carefree and often has her mind on the future. She’s optimistic and a rather clever little girl. She loves to seek out new things which led her to anime which now takes up most of her time. Manga feeds her appetite for reading. She loves to tease Takeru by calling him “Ban-Ban”.
Takeru Ban.
Takeru is a talking Husky that can grow from a puppy to a full-grown dog and back again in an instant. He’s a feisty, brave little pup but a constant worrier. He’s also a bit pessimistic. He has an animosity towards strangers. His love for bacon is so great that it’s considered his ultimate weakness. Like Mirai, he’s a reading enthusiast. He does not like being called “Ban-Ban”. The name makes him feel small.
Ken.
Ken is an easy-going, fun-loving kind-of guy. He acts like a fool and is reckless. In battle, he’s a master of deception. He’s considered lazy by his peers and is usually caught sleeping in the shade. When he’s not sleeping, he likes to do photography. During his journey to Alaska, he found a new hobby, model building, especially of the mech variety.

</doc>
<doc id="19382194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382194" title="Greece during World War I">
Greece during World War I

At the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, the Kingdom of Greece remained a neutral nation. Despite this, in October 1914, Greek forces moved in and occupied the areas of southern Albania that it claimed (Northern Epirus) at a time when the new Principality of Albania was in turmoil. At the same time, the Kingdom of Italy occupied Saseno and later that December the port of Valona. By the end of 1915, Greek troops abandoned their holdings in Albania without a fight to the expanding Italian forces.
Road to War.
Greece had signed a defense treaty with the Kingdom of Serbia in 1913 obliging Greece to come to Serbia's aid if attacked from the Kingdom of Bulgaria. When Bulgaria began mobilization against Serbia, Greek Prime Minister Eleftherios Venizelos believed that based on the treaty, he could get Greece to join the war on the Allied side if the Allies landed 150,000 troops in Salonika. Venizelos failed to bring Greece into the war on the Allied side because King Constantine I was the brother-in-law of Kaiser Wilhelm II, then emperor of Germany. Constantine was married to Sophia of Prussia, one of Wilhelm's sisters and had also undergone military training in Germany. Thus, the King and the anti-Venizelists (opponents of the Prime Minister) were opposed to joining the Allied side and argued that the Serbo-Greek Treaty was void if a great power fought alongside Bulgaria. Venizelos was removed from office by the King on 5 October 1915, only to return to the political scene in October 1916.
Greece, as a neutral without the means to resist, was obliged to acquiesce in the arrival of a Franco-British (and later also Russian) expeditionary force, formed in part by withdrawals from Gallipoli, transforming Salonika into an Allied military base. (Keegan 253) These Allied forces began to arrive on 3 October 1915. In the early summer of 1916, the Greeks handed over Fort Rupel to the Bulgarians, believing it a neutral act, though claimed as a betrayal by the Allies. Nonetheless, the Allies still tried to swing the Greeks to their side. From their positions in Greece, Allied forces (British, French, and Russian, Italian, and Serb troops) fought the war from Greek territory engaging Bulgarian forces when they invaded Greece in August 1916.
Greece joins the war.
In August 1916, Venizelist officials staged the coup, prompting Venizelos to leave Athens. He returned in October 1916 and set up a rival government in Salonika. Allied efforts to persuade the royal government in Athens to abandon its neutrality and join them failed, and relations irreparably broke down during the "Noemvriana", when French and Greek troops clashed in the streets of the Greek capital. The Greek Army, mostly loyal to the royal government, was largely disarmed and obliged to retreat to the Peloponnese, while the warships of the Greek navy were impounded and manned by French crews. Still, King Constantine, who as a fellow royal and relative enjoyed the protection of the Russian Tsar, could not be removed until after the February Revolution removed the Russian monarchy from the picture. In June 1917, King Constantine abdicated from the throne, and his second son, Alexander, took the throne as King. Venizelos assumed control of the entire country, while royalists and other political opponents of Venizelos were exiled to France and Italy. Greece officially declared war against the Central Powers on 30 June 1917, and would eventually raise ten divisions for the allied effort, alongside the Royal Hellenic Navy.
Participation in the war.
The Macedonian front stayed mostly stable throughout the war. Bulgaria had occupied Thrace in northern Greece from Allied forces before Greece's entry into the war. In May 1918, Greek forces under French General Adolphe Guillaumat attacked the Bulgarian forces and defeated them at the Battle of Skra-di-Legen on 30 May 1918. This was the first major involvement of Greek forces in the war. Later in 1918, the Allied forces upped up their offensive from Greece into occupied Serbia. In September of that year, Allied forces (French, Greek, Serb, and British troops), under the command of French General Franchet d'Esperey, broke through German, Austro-Hungarian, and Bulgarian forces along the Macedonian front. The offensive into Bulgaria was stopped when on 18–19 September 1918, the British and Greek armies were decisively defeated by the Bulgarians at the Battle of Doiran. The outcome of this battle saved Bulgaria from being occupied. Bulgaria later signed the Armistice of Thessalonica with the Allies in Thessaloniki on 29 September 1918. By October, the Allies including the Greeks under General Louis Franchet d'Espérey had taken back all of Serbia and were ready to invade Hungary until the Hungarian authorities offered surrender.
After the war.
Being on the winning side, Greece acquired the remaining Bulgarian territory on the Aegean Sea in the Treaty of Neuilly-sur-Seine, Eastern Thrace and the Smyrna area in the Treaty of Sèvres. The Greek military suffered an estimated 5,000 dead (Gilbert 541) from their nine divisions that participated in the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19382214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382214" title="Crooks Inlet">
Crooks Inlet

Crooks Inlet is a body of water in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in western Hudson Strait, forming a wedge into Baffin Island's Meta Incognita Peninsula. 

</doc>
<doc id="19382223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382223" title="Joseph Vaz College">
Joseph Vaz College

The Joseph Vaz College of Wennappuwa (commonly known as Joseph Vaz College) in 1934, the school was blessed and opened with 28 children. First Director was Bro. Lewis. It is considered to be a leading Public School in Sri Lanka. It is a National School, meaning that it is funded by the central government as opposed to the Provincial Council providing both primary and secondary education; With a student population of almost 4000 and the tutorial staff consists of 147 teachers.
Joseph Vaz College has produced many distinguished alumni, Over this island and throughout the globe holding responsible posts in various fields of work quite efficiently. The College has achieved much during the past few decades that it can look back and be happy with justifiable pride.
History.
The Carnival and Raffle held in 1952 to raise funds for the chapel was a stupendous success. The net collection was Rs. 123,875.
The College today.
Today Joseph Vaz College stands mighty high in the arena of Education as a National School with a student population of almost 4000. The tutorial staff consists of 138 teachers. Due to the indomitable courage and selfless services of the long line of Principals, teachers and well wishers together with the financial and material aid granted by various governments in power and the hard work of a very supportive and loyal OBA and a PTA (Parent Teachers' Association) the college now boasts of a fully equipped Laboratory and a Library, a Dental Clinic, a Computer Unit and a well maintained large playground with a two storeyed Pavilion.
External links.
present members in this school is 3299 n 129 teachers

</doc>
<doc id="19382257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382257" title="Apucarana Airport">
Apucarana Airport

Capitão João Busse Airport is the airport serving Apucarana, Brazil. It is named after Captain João Alexandre Busse (1886-1921), the first aviator born in the state of Paraná.
It is operated by the Municipality of Apucarana under the supervision of Aeroportos do Paraná (SEIL).
History.
The airport is presently dedicated to general aviation.
Airlines and destinations.
Currently no scheduled flights operate at this airport.
Access.
The airport is located southeast from downtown Apucarana.

</doc>
<doc id="19382268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382268" title="Toby Philpott">
Toby Philpott

Toby Philpott is an English puppeteer best known for his work in motion picture animatronics during the 1980s in such films as "The Dark Crystal" and "". Born into a family of entertainers, Philpott dropped out of school and traveled the world during the 1960s, squatting in various locations and surviving off money he earned from his work as a street performer, which included juggling, fire eating, magic shows, clowning and acrobatics. He began his film career after Jim Henson personally selected Philpott to work on the 1982 fantasy film "The Dark Crystal", in which he worked side-by-side with Henson.
The next year, Philpott was approached to serve as one of the puppeteers controlling Jabba the Hutt in "Return of the Jedi". Philpott controlled the left arm, head, tongue and body of the giant Hutt puppet. Philpott would lend his puppetry skills to other such movies as "The Company of Wolves" (1984), "Labyrinth" (1986), "Little Shop of Horrors" (1986) and "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" (1988) before leaving the film industry. He currently works as a library technician at the Cardiff Central Library in Cardiff, Wales. Reflecting upon his movie career, Philpott describes himself as a "street juggler that got lucky".
Biography.
Early life.
Toby Philpott was born February 14, 1946 in London, England into a family of performers and teachers. His father, A. R. Philpott, also known as "Pantopuck the Puppet Man," was a well-known puppeteer who would go on to become a writer and teacher on the subject of puppets. Toby's mother, Sheila Moriarty, was a singer and actress who taught voice lessons and Shakespearian verse speaking. At an early age, Toby Philpott discovered an interest in the performing arts and a particular love for magic. He also developed an interest in puppetry in part by reading a diary his father kept about using puppets throughout the Great Depression of the 1930s. Nevertheless, his parents did not encourage him to pursue a career in show business.
In the 1960s, Philpott became swept up in the youth movement that rose with the end of the British Empire. Philpott had a rebellious attitude when it came to such matters as money and capitalism. Philpott dropped out of school and began to travel the world, living what he would later describe as a "Bohemian" and "gypsy" lifestyle. By his late teens, he was splitting his time between archaeological jobs and various odd jobs at fairgrounds; he began the latter working an octopus ride for one season at a fair in Yorkshire. By 1967, at age 21, he was living mostly on other people's floors and sofas in Notting Hill Gate in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea; with no permanent residence, Philpott survived by juggling for meals and money on the streets.
Discovering the performing arts.
Throughout the late-1960s, he worked counter jobs at several music clubs in Soho, including Bunjies and Les Cousins, where he met many musicians and other performers and formed what he described as some of "my most treasured memories." He also continued working in occasional archeological digs, including mining activities in 1968 in the wells of Sandal Castle, a historic ruin in Wakefield, West Yorkshire. In 1970, he lived in Paris, France, where he sold jewellery in the streets and squatted in an atelier on the Rue d'Alésia with a woman named Nelly Gareau. He spent two years visiting various locations in the United States of America and Mexico with Gareau.
Philpott returned to London in 1972 and gate-crashed a Le Grand Magic Circus show on New Year's Eve at the famed Roundhouse arts venue. Philpott was invited onto the stage during the show, and his childhood interest for the performing arts was reignited. Philpott tried to join Le Grand Magic Circus in Paris and participated in one show, but was not picked up for continued employment. He returned to the United Kingdom determined to perform for a living and, while juggling outside London's Oval House Theatre, was discovered by John and Crissie Trigger, who ran a traveling entertainment company called The Raree Show.
Traveling street performer.
Philpott spent the next several years traveling and performing in both Raree and solo gigs, in such places as Liverpool, Sweden, Germany, Mexico and the United States. His acts included juggling, magic, fire eating, acrobatics, unicycling, fireworks, clowning, and slapstick comedy in such venues as schools, theatres, Medieval festivals, street markets and children's television. He also ran theatre workshops for children and learned how to play various musical instruments and apply stage make-up.
Philpott spent the mid-1970s living in the London shed of Australian Chris Löfvén and Lyne Helms, who at the time were working on the 1976 film "Oz: A Rock 'n' Roll Road Movie". He continued traveling all over Europe as a street performer, where he used hand-made props and performed self-invented tricks. He performed in opening acts at such venues as the Royal Opera House in London's Covent Garden. Philpott also performed in various fringe theatre groups, including the Red Buddha Theatre with Japanese musician Stomu Yamashta, and Incubus with Richard LeParmentier, who would go on to play Admiral Motti in "". He also learned stage management and other "techie stuff" at the Melkweg music venue and cultural center in Amsterdam. Philpott said he particularly enjoyed seeing "how things were done."
Start of animatronics career.
The death of Toby Philpott's father in 1978 moved Philpott to get away from solo performing and enter a more collaborative medium. Philpott's first foray into motion pictures was when he and other students in a mime class were selected to play neanderthals in the 1981 film, Quest for Fire. He was dropped from the film when the project changed producers, but the experience opened Philpott to the possibility of entering into a new entertainment medium. That year his mime teacher and movement coach, Desmond Jones, informed him about an audition advertisement for acrobats, mimes and dancers for "The Dark Crystal", a 1982 fantasy film directed by Jim Henson and Frank Oz, the puppeteer behind Yoda in 1980's "". "The Dark Crystal" included groundbreaking animatronics, the use of electronics and robotics in mechanized puppets to make them appear alive. The ad called for a variety of performer types because it was unknown what kind of physical abilities and stamina would be necessary for this relatively new artform.
Philpott saw the film as a chance to apply his performing arts skills into a "new and exciting field" and, since the audition involved a workshop, he felt he could learn something from the experience even if he did not get a job. He answered the call and was selected from about 200 letter applications. Philpott participated in the initial audition workshop, which provided instruction on basic puppetry skills and improvisation techniques, and was among the 50 who were called back for additional workshops, where the pool of finalists was narrowed down to 20. Philpott described the final round of workshops as extremely competitive, but he was among the final 10 chosen to work on the film. Henson, who Philpott described as "the nicest millionaire I ever met," had a hands-on role in the selection process. Philpott was supposed to be among four that would start work immediately, but after suffering back problems due to the amount of running in the workshops, Philpott had to remain with the second team of six who worked on the film during the spring of 1982. Prior to filming, Philpott received lessons in lip-synch and was provided assorted types of puppets to experiment with.
"The Dark Crystal".
Development work took place at Jim Henson's Creature Shop, which at the time was located in a former-post office across the street from Henson's house on Downshire Hill in Hampstead, London. Toby Philpott began training in bodywork and puppeteering, and worked with the early incarnations of the character puppets, which began to become fine-tuned around the specific puppeteers. Each of the main puppet performers were allocated into crews to work the eyes, eyebrows and arms of specific puppets. Jim Henson personally chose Philpott and fellow puppeteer Robbie Barnett to work in his support crew, which Philpott attributed to a combination of talent and temperament, since each crew would be working very close together. Philpott often played the right arm of the characters Henson animated.
Filming took place at Elstree Studios. Although most of the puppet crews were able to do additional rehearsals while Henson worked the other various aspects of film production, Philpott and Barnett were often given just a quick walk-through before the actual performance due to Henson's busy work schedule. The teams concentrated their efforts through the puppet to create a coherent set of gestures and an individual performance and personality, which involved a great deal of experimentation, discussion and feedback through video playback among the team. Philpott said whenever he made a mistake due to lack of expressiveness or timing in his gestures, Henson remained very patient and never raised his voice or became angry.
The main character Philpott played in "The Dark Crystal" was urTih the Alchemist, one of the urRu; Philpott later described him as the favorite character he ever puppeteered. But he also played various other characters and races in the film, including the Garthim, Pod People and other swamp creatures. Philpott said the puppet designs alone gave the creatures a great deal of characters, which helped him prepare for the roles. He found an inner peace and deep patience while wearing the tall, luminescent Mystic suits; similarly, the suits for the hulking crustacean-like Garthims made Philpott and the other actors feel "wired up and raring to go." Philpott and the other puppeteers depended on direct, honest feedback from each other and the filmmakers, since it was difficult to know the impression they made while wearing the suits.
Philpott's most disappointing moment during "The Dark Crystal" came during the first day of shooting, when he played a mystic who was featured in the foreground of a scene in the Mystic Valley. The costume's jaw had recently been readjusted and its mouth was stuck hanging open in an unflattering way, but none of the crew notified Philpott and he was unhappy with how it came out in the movie. Nevertheless, Philpott said the puppeteers and filmmakers were a "very happy and engaged crew" and because the techniques and methods were so new during "The Dark Crystal", he enjoyed a level of hands-on involvement that would not be matched in his future movies.
"Return of the Jedi".
While working on "The Dark Crystal" at the Creature Shop, rumors began to circulate that alien characters for "" were being developed at that same studio, and several of the puppeteers began looking for ways to get a job on the film. David Barclay, who had been a puppet builder for "The Dark Crystal", was chosen as one of the operators of the massive Jabba the Hutt puppet, and asked for Toby Philpott to be hired as his partner. Philpott, who was unaware of Barclay's politicking on his behalf, was surprised by the sudden job offer, and eagerly accepted it.
Barclay was the chief Jabba puppeteer who planned all the movements and guided all the other performers; Philpott controlled Jabba's left arm, with which he controlled many of Jabba's more active motions, including eating frogs, smoking the Hookah pipe and assaulting Bib Fortuna and C-3PO. Philpott also used his right hand to control Jabba's tongue and animate his head, and controlled the body by swiveling his seat with his leg braces. Cable controls allowed Philpott to swivel the head and snarl Jabba's Mouth.
The rest of the puppet team included Barclay on the right arm and mouth; Mike Edmonds on the tail; and John Coppinger, who controlled the eyes via remote control and gave the others feedback based on what he saw from the outside. Philpott would later describe sitting inside the Jabba puppet with Barclay as being "like a two-man submarine" because it was very hot, cramped and uncomfortable. A monitor inside the puppet shows a general shot of Jabba that helped the puppeteers operate, although they could not tell where the frame of the shot was from the image; the team depended on feedback amongst themselves, and their training under Jim Henson gave them experience in coordinating to create a single creature.
Philpott and Barclay would go inside the puppet early in the day and remain there for almost the entire nine-and-a-half hours of filming each day, so much so that other cast and crew members did not know who they were during breaks. The two would only occasionally leave the suit to discuss Jabba-related business, but preferred to remain in character within the suit. Philpott and Barclay employed an approach by Jim Henson in which they took direction while in character; director Richard Marquand agreed to give Jabba direction as if the character was the actor, and they talked back to the director as if the puppet itself were a live performer.
It took about three weeks to film the Jabba's Palace scenes, and an additional week to film the Sail Barge scenes; Philpott and the puppeters said they experienced few problems operating Jabba due to the effective design work of Phil Tippett, Stuart Freeborn and John Coppinger. Philpott's previous experience with "The Dark Crystal" helped prepare Philpott for the role of Jabba, although as a result, he later said he wasn't as "overawed" by the experience as he might have been. Nevertheless, he described the experience as "great fun" and said he enjoyed being the center of attention among the many other puppets and live actors in Jabba's Palace.
During the scene when Princess Leia Organa is presented to Jabba after freeing Han Solo from the carbonite, Marquand told Philpott to try to get Jabba to really lick the side of Carrie Fisher's face in order to create a genuine disgusted reaction. Philpott resisted at first since the tongue, which was covered in K-Y Jelly, was difficult to control, but Marquand convinced him to do it. During the scene in which he made the attempt, Philpott accidentally stuck the tongue into Fisher's ear, which caused a commotion on the set, although Philpott was unaware of what had happened until he emerged from the costume. 
The brief scene in which Jabba eats the frogs took several takes to get correctly since it was difficult for Philpott to reach Jabba's mouth with the left arm; the filmmakers originally tried to use an actual frog but it kept escaping and hopping around the set. The final scene Philpott filmed was the death of Jabba the Hutt; he and the other puppeteers "trashed around and went crazy" and Philpott said once Carrie Fisher realized she couldn't hurt the performers inside Jabba, "she really went for it." Philpott described actor Harrison Ford as "rueful, and funny as he appeared;" actress Carrie Fisher as mischievous on the set and petulant due to being stuck in a long contract; and actor Mark Hamill was "a bit insecure" and not nearly as boyish as he seemed on-screen. Like most bit players in the original "Star Wars" trilogy, Philpott was bought out of his contract in 1983, the year "Return of the Jedi" was released, and thus receives no future royalties for his participation in the film.
"Labyrinth".
Toby Philpott served as president of the International Jugglers' Association from 1982 to 1983, and also did animatronic work for the 1984 film, "The Company of Wolves". By 1985, Philpott was out of work and in desperate need of money while living in Cardiff, the capital of Wales. On an impulse, he called The Jim Henson Company to inquire about work. Although he had already missed the audition for the new movie Jim Henson was developing, "Labyrinth", Philpott was immediately called in for a job.
Philpott operated several characters, including a goblin puppet that sat at the foot of the throne of Jareth the Goblin King, who was played by David Bowie. He also played one of the Fireys, the wild goblins that live in the forest and have detachable body parts that come apart; Philpott, who was credited as playing "Firey No. 1," controlled the various body parts along with puppeteers Kevin Clash and, once again, David Barclay. He also controlled the eyes of the Junk Lady character (played by Fraggle Rock performer Karen Prell) and was one of the many sets of hands among the Helping Hands, hand-shaped goblins that protruded from the walls of Jareth's castle and acted with the other hands to create talking face-formations.
Philpott said his fondest memory during the production of "Labyrinth" was taking his six-year-old son, Keili, on a tour of the set of the Goblin Village. Philpott did not enjoy his time working on "Labyrinth" due to a back injury he suffered while playing soccer in Somerset prior to getting the job. The strain puppeteering places on the back left Philpott in agony while working on the set, and he made several unsuccessful attempts to heal himself through osteopathy and acupuncture. His back problem was solved when a friend recommended a clinic on Harley Street in the City of Westminster in London. The therapy proved so effective, Philpott was able to walk up a mountain in Spain to organize a juggling convention after filming on "Labyrinth" wrapped.
"Little Shop of Horrors".
Toby Philpott was called to work on the 1986 Frank Oz film, "Little Shop of Horrors", where he was among a team of people who operated the animatronic plant that, in the film, feeds on human blood. The limbs were operated by gimbals and Philpott controlled the right-hand leaf of the plant, which he described as "quite heavy work." Philpott was also an understudy to the puppeteers who operated the plant's lips. The plant increased in size throughout the movie and, at its largest incarnation, Philpott controlled one of the tentacles. However, that sequence was cut from the theatrical release when audiences responded negatively to the ending, in which the plant ate all the major characters and destroyed the city. The filmmakers created a new, more upbeat ending, and Philpott was out of town and unavailable for the plant's new scenes.
Leaving the film industry.
Toby Philpott auditioned before Brian Henson, the son of Jim Henson, for a part in "Return to Oz", the 1985 semi-sequel to the 1939 classic, "The Wizard of Oz". Philpott was on the short list for the film but, for reasons unknown to him and to his great disappointment, was not offered the job. Philpott's film career for the most part ended in the late-1980s, which he attributed to a number of reasons, including changes in the film industry that were making animatronics more and more obsolete, and Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's decision not to give tax breaks to films, which drove foreign film productions away from the United Kingdom. He also felt the death of Jim Henson in 1990 resulted in a younger staff at the Jim Henson Company, which severed the ties of Philpott and other long-standing puppeteers.
Philpott, who went into what he called "a bit of a downward spiral" during this point of his life, was working in a circus school and holding juggling workshops when he met a group of people who eventually started their own traveling circus company in 1986, called the NoFit State Circus. Philpott left the school to go on the road with NoFit, at first working as part of the big top tent crew, and he found that erecting and disassembling the tent drew crowds by itself. He eventually became a stage manager and also performed with the circus, traveling with them for several summer tours throughout the United Kingdom until the mid-1990s.
"Who Framed Roger Rabbit".
Toby Philpott made a brief return to the movies to participate in the 1988 film, "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", a comedy that combined live-action film with animation. David Barclay was tasked with putting together a team of puppeteers to work on the movie and he contacted Philpott, who was living atop of a mountain in Spain at the time. Philpott came on as one of the six puppeteers, who served as a "troubleshooting team" who covered simple puppet duties with live-action objects and other "stuff that the SFX crew couldn't manage, or didn't want to deal with." The other puppeteers on the team were Barclay, Ian Tregonning, Christopher Leith, Geoff Felix and Mike Quinn, who played Nien Nunb and Ree-Yees and controlled the Sy Snootles and Ghoel puppets in "Return of the Jedi".
Among Philpott and the puppet crew's duties were using strings to move objects handled by the cartoon characters, such as the various items scuffled around by an octopus bartender or the gun aimed at actor Bob Hoskins by one of the evil weasel characters. Other duties were as simple as wobbling boxes or other surfaces the cartoon characters stood on. During a scene in which Roger Rabbit flushes himself down a toilet, Philpott spent a full afternoon under the fake toilet, where he used an invisible string to pull the toilet flusher and spun around to make water come up from the bowl. Barclay said the experience was enjoyable, but he felt the computer effects-oriented crew did not take the puppeteers very seriously. He sensed that his animatronic art form was dying and knew he would probably never work in movies again. Philpott did appear, however, as a juggler in the background of the 1989 romantic comedy "The Tall Guy", which starred Jeff Goldblum, Emma Thompson, and Rowan Atkinson.
Later life.
In August 1997, Toby Philpott participated in a public arts performance called "The X-Factor: Close Encounters of a Different Kind", which involved various performances scattered throughout a small town outside Cardiff. Philpott played Norman Nesbitt, a geeky man who believes he has been contacted by UFOs. He was placed in a room full of maps, cardboard spaceships and notebooks filled with his own scribblings. Other characters included his girlfriend, who believed his correspondence with aliens was an excuse for breaking up with her, and the "Men in White Coats," who constantly tried to take Norman Nesbitt away but were never successful. Philpott was not paid for the one-day performance, which was completely improvised.
In December 1997, after more than 30 years of self-employment, Toby Philpott took a job at Cardiff Central Library as a library technician, where he provides information technology and other computer support; Philpott described the job as a logical move at that stage in his life and said he realized would be necessary to stay employed in the next century. He is a member of the board of the NoFit State Circus (although he no longer travels with them) and is a long-term student at the Maybe Logic Academy, an online study group founded by writer Robert Anton Wilson. Philpott remains well known for his animatronics work, particularly on "Return of the Jedi", and attends occasional science fiction conventions to meet fans and sign autographs, including Celebration Europe in 2007. Philpott said he had no idea how large the "Star Wars" fanbase was until he started using the Internet in 1999. Reflecting upon his career in the movies years later, Toby Philpott would describe himself as "a street juggler that got lucky." Philpott has said he has considered writing a book about his life and opinions. In November Philpott wrote a 50,000-word novel in one month, as part of the National Novel Writing Month creative writing project. The book, "Foolproof", is about a group of nomadic young people living in modern Spain.
Following the 1997 Star Wars Special Edition theatrical re-release of ', Philpott said he did not like the new animated Jabba the Hutt featured in a previously-cut scene and, although he was interested in the future possibilities brought about by computer-generated imagery, he lamented the increased use of computer animations rather than animatronics and real performers. Philpott did not dismiss CGI altogether, especially when it appears seamless and convincing as he believed it did in Steven Spielberg's 1994 film, "Jurassic Park". However, he felt puppetry and animatronics often lent a more convincing look to the movies than the "slick hyper-reality" of some computer effects, and feels puppeteers have the unique ability to improvise and interact with the performers, unlike computer-generated images. Philpott would later admit, however, that the animated Jabbas that appeared in the 2004 DVD re-release of "Return of the Jedi" and the 1999 prequel ' were significant improvements over the special edition incarnation.
Toby Philpott lives with his long-time girlfriend, the artist Julie Shackson, and has a son named Keili Pentaphobe and a daughter named Yo, who gave birth to his granddaughter, Matilda. Philpott's favorite band is The Grateful Dead; his favorite books are "The Illuminatus! Trilogy", "Catch-22", "The Sirens of Titan", "The Magus" and "VALIS"; and his favorite writers are Kurt Vonnegut, Robert Anton Wilson, Joseph Heller, Henry Miller and Tom Robbins.

</doc>
<doc id="19382279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382279" title="HD 129132">
HD 129132

HD 129132 is a spectroscopic binary in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19382287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382287" title="Carasaus">
Carasaus

Carasaus ("fl. c." 1240–60) was a Belgian trouvère, five of whose works survive. His career can be dated because he dedicates two "grand chants" ("Fine amours m'envoie" and "Puis que j'ai chançon meüe") to Jehan de Dampierre (died 1259) and another ("N'est pas sage qui me tourne a folie") to Henry III of Brabant (reigned 1248–61). Carasaus also dedicated "Con amans en desesperance" to a certain Berengier, yet unidentified. Besides "Fine amours", which has pentasyllables, all of Carasaus's works have only heptasyllables and decasyllables. All his melodies are in bar form; but "Pour ce me sui de chanter entremis" is also motivic. 

</doc>
<doc id="19382327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382327" title="The Broadway Concert">
The Broadway Concert

The Broadway Concert is a critically acclaimed live recording of a Broadway-themed concert given by Lea Salonga in Manila. She sings 15 songs from the musicals including a rendition of "Too Much For One Heart", a song from the original production of "Miss Saigon".

</doc>
<doc id="19382343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382343" title="TM 65 77">
TM 65 77

The Telamiina 65 77 (Track mine model 66, with detonator model 77) is a Finnish Army standard issue anti-tank mine. The mine consists of a 9.5 kg (~21 lbs) charge of TNT. The mine is armed with a pressure detonator set to explode on a weight of 100 kg (~220 lbs). The blast effect blows off the tank's track and damages the driving wheel.
The mine is also known as the "Tellu" (female name, truncated form of Tellervo).
References.
http://www.mil.fi/maavoimat/kalustoesittely/index.dsp?level=70&equipment=124

</doc>
<doc id="19382382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382382" title="Sher Shah Suri Masjid">
Sher Shah Suri Masjid

Sher Shah Suri Masjid, mosque, Patna,also known as Shershahi, is an example of the Afghan style of architecture.Sher Shah Suri built this mosque in 1540–1545 to commemorate his reign.It is sited in the south-west corner of Purab Darwaza near Dhawalpura.
Architecture.
Built in Afghan architectural style, it is one of the many historic mosques in India and a landmark in Patna. There is a tomb inside the complex of the mosque which is covered by an octagonal stone slab. But the star attraction of the Sher Shah Suri Masjid is its central dome which lies in the middle of the roof and is surrounded by Four small domes. The unique part of thist design is that if you view from any angle there appears to be only three domes.

</doc>
<doc id="19382422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382422" title="John D. Faris">
John D. Faris

Chorbishop John D. Faris, a native of Uniontown, Pennsylvania, was born in 1951, the son of John M. and Goldie (Bowlen) Faris. He is a Maronite Catholic Rite priest of the Eparchy of Saint Maron of Brooklyn. Archbishop Francis Mansour Zayek ordained him to the priesthood on 17 July 1976 at St. George Church in Uniontown, PA. and was ordained a Chorbishop of the Maronite Church by Archbishop Francis Mansour Zayek in 1991. 
Education.
In 1968, he attended Saint Vincent College in Latrobe, PA and later attended the Sacred Heart Seminary in Detroit, MI where in 1972 he was awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree. While at the Pontifical North American College in Rome, he attended the Pontifical Gregorian University, where he received a baccalaureate in Sacred Theology (magna cum laude) in 1975. He then pursued studies in moral theology at the Alphonsianum. In 1980 he was awarded a doctorate degree in Eastern canon law (magna cum laude) from the Pontifical Oriental Institute in Rome with a dissertation, "The Communion of Catholic Churches: Ecclesiology and Terminology."
Current pastoral responsibilities.
On 1 June 2009, Chorbishop Faris was appointed Pastor of Saint Louis Gonzaga Maronite Church in Utica, New York.
Canon Law.
He serves as an Adjunct Professor in the School of Canon Law at the Catholic University of America and served in the positions of President of the Canon Law Society of America and Secretary General of the Society for the Law of the Eastern Churches (1991-2000).
He served as a Consultor for the National Conference of Catholic Bishops, Liaison Committee for Latin and Eastern Church Affairs (1992–96).
Chorbishop Faris was elected President of the Canon Law Society of America in 1994. He is also is a member of the Canon Law Society of Great Britain and Ireland, the Canon Law Society of India, the Eastern Canon Law Society of India and the Society of Eastern Canon law. In 2011, Chorbishop Faris was presented with the Canon Law Society of America's Role of Law Award for his outstanding contributions to canonical science. Faris serves on the editorial boards of "Eastern Canon Laaw", "Eastern Legal Thought" and "Gratianus."
Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem.
Chorbishop Faris is Knight Commander with Star (conferred on 23 November 2013)of the Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulchre. In October 2009, Faris received the Order's highest honor, the Golden Palm for his dedication and work for the Holy Land. He is a member of the Board of Councillors of the Eastern Lieutenancy of the United States and is involved in recruiting new members and provides extensive lectures on the Order and the Holy Land. He has recently been serving as spiritual director for seminarians on Holy Land pilgrimages sponsored by the Northeast Lieutenancy. 
Eparchy of Saint Maron.
After completing his Doctorate he served as Vice Rector of St. Maron's Cathedral. Upon completing a year of service there, he was appointed Vice Chancellor of the Eparchy of Saint Maron of Brooklyn. In 1980, he was appointed as Chancellor and later asVicar General of the Eparchy for a period of 1980–1996. 
Catholic Near East Welfare Association.
From 1996-2009, Faris served in a variety of positions at the Catholic Near East Welfare Association (CNEWA), finally serving as Deputy Secretary General. WHile serving with this special papal agency dedicated to assisting the Eastern Churches, Faris travelled extensively in the Middle East, India, Northeast Africa and Eastern Europe and was involved in the fund-raising initiatives of the agency.
Ecumenical Dialogues.
Chorbishop Faris serves as a Catholic Representative on the North American Orthodox-Catholic Theological Consultation and the United States Oriental Orthodox-Roman Catholic Consultation. Froom 2007 - 2011 he served as a member of the Catholic Delegation on the Joint Working Group, a liaison body of the Catholic Church and the World Council of Churches. 
Honors.
Chorbishop Faris was created a Chaplain of His Holiness(Monsignor) in 1988 was also appointed Chaplain "iure sanguinis" of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George.

</doc>
<doc id="19382441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382441" title="Neyyattinkara Vasudevan">
Neyyattinkara Vasudevan

Neyyattinkara Vasudevan (1940–2008) was an acclaimed Carnatic music vocalist from Kerala in south India. The Padmasree-winning Carnatic vocalist and disciple of Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer and Ramnad Krishnan, he combined tradition and innovation in his widely acclaimed career.
Biography.
Vasudevan born in a village near Neyyattinkara in southern Travancore, and did his formal music studies from the Swati Tirunal Music College, Thiruvananthapuram, chiefly under Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer. He also did advanced studies under Ramnad Krishnan.He passed Ganabhushanam in 1960 and Sangeetha Vidwan in 1962.
He worked as assistant professor at the RLV College of Music, Thripunithura, for nearly a decade before joining All India Radio as an A-grade staff vocalist in 1974. He retired in 2000 and was later ranked ‘A Top’, the highest honour given by AIR to classical musicians.
He died on May 13, 2008 in Thiruvananthapuram.
Movies.
He has also sung for few Malayalam movies.

</doc>
<doc id="19382450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382450" title="Ashok Mishra">
Ashok Mishra

AMishra is an Indian screenplay writer and lyricist in Bollywood films. He is most noted for his work in the Shyam Benegal film "Welcome to Sajjanpur" (in which he wrote the lyrics for the songs "Sita Ram, Dildara Dildara Sine Mein, Aadmi Aazad Hai" and "Munni Ki Baari Are Mandir").

</doc>
<doc id="19382488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382488" title="HD 130603">
HD 130603

HD 130603 is a double or multiple star in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19382498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382498" title="Eric Freeman (actor)">
Eric Freeman (actor)

Eric Freeman (born July 13, 1965) is a former American actor best known for his role as Ricky Caldwell in the 1987 film "Silent Night, Deadly Night Part 2".
Early life.
Freeman was born on July 13, 1965. He was raised in Minnetonka Minnesota and attended Minnetonka highschool ].
Career.
He is best known for the films "Silent Night, Deadly Night Part 2", Murder Weapon, and Ghost Writer.
Other works.
After "Silent Night, Deadly Night Part 2", Eric Freeman made appearances in various television shows including; a notable guest appearance on the TV show "The Adventures of Superboy", playing the character Peter in the episode The Woman Called Tiger Eye, appearances on several episodes of In Living Color, and his last being in the 1992 television series "Dangerous Curves" as "Johnny Strong" in the episode titled "Muscle Boys". In 2004, the directors of "Silent Night Deadly Night Part 2" tried to find him for the commentary track of the DVD release, but they were unable to track him down.

</doc>
<doc id="19382518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382518" title="Nakul Chandra Bhuyan">
Nakul Chandra Bhuyan

Nakul Chandra Bhuyan (; 1895-1968) was an Assamese historian, playwright, essayist and a short story writer.
Life and career.
The only son of Gopal Chandra Bhuyan and Dalimi Bhuyan, Nakul Chandra Bhuyan was born in 1895 in Charing, Sibsagar District of Assam .
Educated at Jorhat Government Boys' School, Bhuyan passed his matriculation in 1916 and went on to pursue further studies in Calcutta. He returned from Calcutta in 1921 and began working as a Librarian in Dibrugarh, Assam. Later, he joined as an assistant in the Chief Engineering Department of Dibru-Sadiya Railways and thereafter as an assistant in the Deputy Commissioner's office.
In 1923 he got transferred to Tezpur and around the same time married Kumudeshwari Bhuyan. While at Tezpur he came into contact with various theatre personalities working with the Baan Theatre, which inspired him to start writing for the stage. Bhuyan was the president of the Asam Sahitya Sabha in 1967 held at Dibrugarh district, Assam. He also compiled and edited the first authentic edition of Bihu songs, titled "Bohagi" in 1923. Padmadhar Chaliha, the poet-composer of some memorable lyrics inspired by the freedom movement wrote around 1921 an introduction and called the Bihu songs pastoral poetry. The Times of Assam in its adulatory review (May 19, 1923) went a step further, describing the poetry as comparable to the best of pastoral poetry of the European tradition.
In 1924, Bhuyan gave up government job and joined Cinamara Tea Estate as Assistant Manager. His sincerity, dedication, and hard work led him to the honorable position of Senior Manager of Jorehaut Tea Company. In 1954, he retired from Borsapori Tea Estate as Senior Manager.
Literary works.
Some of his literary works are:

</doc>
<doc id="19382552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382552" title="Kostas Sloukas">
Kostas Sloukas

Konstantinos "Kostas" Sloukas (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος "Κώστας" Σλούκας; born January 15, 1990, in Thessaloniki, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player for Olympiacos of the Greek Basketball League and the Euroleague. He is left-handed, 1.90 m (6 ft 2¾ in) tall and he can play at either the point guard or shooting guard positions.
Professional career.
Sloukas began his career with the Mandoulides youth teams in Greece. He joined the Greek Basket League power Olympiacos Piraeus in the year 2008. In 2010, Sloukas was loaned by Olympiacos to Aris Thessaloniki.
He was named the Greek Basket League's Best Young Player in 2011. With Olympiacos, he won the Euroleague and Greek League championships, in 2012. He signed a 3-year contract extension with Olympiacos, in June 2012. He also won the 2012-13 season championship of the Euroleague, with Olympiacos.
Greek national team.
With Greece's junior national team, Sloukas won the silver medal at the 2007 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship and the gold medal at the 2008 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship, where he was also voted to the All-Tournament Team. He also won the silver medal at the 2009 FIBA Under-19 World Championship and the gold medal at the 2009 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. He also won the silver medal at the 2010 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship with Greece's junior national team.
He became a member of the senior men's Greek national basketball team in 2011. With Greece's senior men's national team, he played at the FIBA EuroBasket 2011 and the FIBA EuroBasket 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19382557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382557" title="Alex Britti">
Alex Britti

Alessandro "Alex" Britti (born 23 August 1968) is an Italian singer-songwriter and guitarist.
Biography.
At the age of 17 he started his first band playing blues at various clubs in Rome, eventually he moved to Milan at the center of the Italian pop scene. He worked with other musicians like Buddy Miles, Billy Preston and Louisiana Red and toured Europe with Rosa King
He had his first hit in 1998 when "Solo una volta (o tutta la vita)" made it to the top of the Italian charts.
In 1999 he won in the newcomers category at the 
San Remo festival with the song ‘’Oggi sono io’’

</doc>
<doc id="19382588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382588" title="Apucarana">
Apucarana

Apucarana is a municipality in the state of Paraná in Brazil. The municipality covers at an elevation of above mean sea level. Its 2008 population was estimated as 120,133.
Transportation.
The city is served by Cap. João Busse Airport which is located 10 kilometers (5 nautical miles) southeast of Apucarana.
Economy.
In agriculture, the city stands in production of coffee, soy, beans and corn. The industry stands out for leather production (3% of Brazil's total) and the manufacturing of caps (80% of production in Brazil).
Culture.
The city received thousands of immigrants from Portugal, Ukraine, Poland, Germany and especially from Japan (who did strong influence in culture like in the Buddhist religion and the amount of cherry trees planted - the city has more than 20,000 sakuras and annually do the "Cherry Festival" to celebrate the Japanese culture).
Religion.
The city is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Apucarana.

</doc>
<doc id="19382593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382593" title="Tengchong County">
Tengchong County

Tengchong County () is a county of Baoshan City, western Yunnan province, People's Republic of China. It is well known for its volcanic activity. The name has also been given in English language sources of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries as "Tingyueh", "Teng Yueh" and "Momein".
It borders with Burma in the northwest for . By road, it is west of the provincial capital, Kunming, and westward from Baoshan's urban area.
Tengchong marks the southwestern terminus of the Heihe-Tengchong Line.
History.
Tengchong is one of the earliest developed regions in SW China. In the Western Han Dynasty (206 BC - AD 24), it belonged to Yizhoujun Prefecture. In the Sui (581-618) and Tang (618-907) Dynasties, a contemporary prefecture governed by a local chieftain was set up. In the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368), Tengyue Prefecture was instituted. In the following dynasties, different administrative offices were set up. In 1913, Tengchong was made a county. In history, it occupied an important position on the Southwestern Silk Route. The Sichuan cloth and bamboo sticks available at the markets in Bactria (including Afghanistan and parts of India) were brought there from the ancient Bonan Route through Tengchong. From the Ming Dynasty on, large numbers of Tengchong people went abroad to trade and seek a livelihood.The city grew wealthy from trade with Burma and South East Asia due to its proximity to Mandalay across the Burmese border. At one point the British forces in British-occupied Burma established a trading post in the town with hopes of generating wealth through trade with China. Ninety years ago, the thriving cross-border trade between British-controlled Burma and China was centred around Tengchong. In 1921, construction work began on the British consulate in Tengchong, with completion arriving 10 years later in 1931. During WW2 the area around Tengchong was the scene of fierce battles between the Japanese, invading from occupied Burma, and the combined Chinese forces of nationalists and communists aided by American fighter squadrons. After the Chinese government had relocated to Sichuan from fallen Nanjing there were grave concerns that if Yunnan fell, Japanese access to Sichuan would become relatively easy, forcing a new and cumbersome relocation, hence large forces were deployed to stop the Japanese army.
Geography.
The area of Tengchong county is .
Situated at the southwestern end of the (transversely faulted) Hengduan Mountains, Tengchong topographically assumes the form of a horseshoe with the opening facing the south. The eastern most sources of the Irrawaddy issue from the high mountains in the is the summit of Mount Danaozi of Gaoligong Mountain, above sea level and the lowest point, above sea level, is in the Suqingjiang valley. The elevation of the county seat is .
The crustal movement in the county is active and earthquakes are frequent. The volcanoes on Dayingshan, Shitoushan, the Greater Heikongshan, the Lesser Heikong Mountains erupted repeatedly. The county seat is surrounded by a group of young volcanoes.
As is the case for most of Yunnan, Tengchong has many different ethnicites living in and around the town. Han, Dai and Lisu are dominant but also Tibetans, Bai, Aini and people with Burmese ancestry are plentiful.
Climate.
As with much of the province, Tengchong County experiences a mild subtropical highland climate (Köppen "Cwb"). Winters are mild and very dry and sunny (>60% possible sunshine), although average lows in January are barely above the freezing mark; January, the coolest month, has a 24-hour average temperature of . Spring begins early and remains relatively dry and sunny until May, when there is a dramatic uptick in frequency and amount of rainfall that lasts until late September. Summers are warm, rainy and generally overcast, with August, the warmest month, averaging . Autumn sees an abrupt reduction in rainfall and return to sunniness. The annual mean temperature is , while precipitation averages , around two-thirds of which occurs from June to September. With monthly percent possible sunshine ranging from 16% in July to 75% in December, the county receives 2,046 hours of bright sunshine annually; in summer the county is one of the least sunny locations nationally.
Economy.
Tengchong's industry and handicraft work were fostered during the Ming and Qing Dynasties, nearly 400 years ago. Factories and workshops were set up first by importing equipment from abroad. Earlier products included textile goods, leather, soaps, battery, cigarettes, matches, etc. They found market in West Yunnan and Burma and Southeast Asian countries. Since the founding of the People's Republic, a more complete industrial system was formed, comprising 32 departments like power generating, metallurgy, machinery, paper making, textile industry, matches production, pharmacy, tanning, chemical industry, sugar refining, tea leaves refining, food processing, etc. The major products include refined tin, pig iron, crude lead, timber, plywood, cement, refractory, diatomite filtration promoter, sulphuric acid, caustic soda, hydrochlorite potassium chlorate, calcium phdrogen phosphate, paper, canesugar, refined tea leaves, preserved fruits, edible oil, matches, Chinese medicine, etc. The matches, Chinese medicine, refined tin, refined tea leaves and the "xuanzhi" (a high quality writing paper originally produced in Xuancheng) enjoy high reputation abroad.
In agriculture, Tengchong produces grain and oil crops, tobacco, tea leaves, sugarcane, etc. The production of tobacco has a history of more than 400 years. Tengchong tobacco, cultivated on the volcanic mountain slopes is of excellent quality and therefore used as a blend. The Chuanlong tea leaves and large-sized tea leaves sell particularly well.
Tengchong is known for its jade culture and for its geothermal springs and the Lisu ethnic group. The city has actually grown into the biggest processing and trade center of jadeite in Southeast Asia. While you can find some craftsmen processing jadeite at the huge jadeite market, to get a taste of the local culture, visit the Hehua (Lotus Flower) Township near the city. At the Hehua (Lotus Flower) Township near the city there are craftsmen processing jadeite at the huge jadeite market. Du Maosheng is the chairman of the Tengchong Jewelry and Jade Association.
Natural resources.
The county abounds in geothermal energy. There are over 80 steaming fountain hot streams and boiling fountains. Ten of them spout hot water of 90 C and upward. Natural resources are plentiful. There are over 2,000 higher plants. Among the economic and timber forests, there are forests of oil tea, catalpa, common China-fir, Armandi pine, walnut. The percentage of forest cover reaches 34.6% of the county. Ornamental and medicinal plants exist in great quantities. The blossoms of the rhododendrons on Gaoligongshan Mountain are exceptionally large. The Gaoligong Nature Reserve, renowned as a natural botanical garden, has over 1,400 species of higher plants, many rare and precious animals and medicinal plants. The area is the origin of "R. giganteum" forest at Tagg (a special rhododendron species) and Yunnan camellia.
Mineral resources include iron, tin, lead, zinc, wolfram, uranium, diatomite, rock crystal. Wollastonite, lignite, and others.
Transport.
Tengchong is from Kunming. Bus and flights are both available to and from Kunming. There are daily buses to Dali, Ruili, Manche and Xishuangbanna. Daily flights to Chengdu in Sichuan as well as several daily flights from Beijing (stop-over in Kunming) have begun since the new airport opened.
Airport.
Tengchong Tuofeng Airport went into service in early 2009. The airport is located at Tuofeng village, 12 kilometers from Tengchong County. In memory of the Hump Route, an air route which contributed much to the victory in the west Yunnan theater during the war against Japan, Tengchong airport is named Hump Airport. The road to the airport is named the "Flying Tigers Road" in memory of the American pilots who flew the route. The total investment in the airport is to be around RMB430 million ($54.69 million). The major investors of the project are the Yunnan Airports Group, Yunnan Guangfang Group and Tengchong government who will contribute at a proportion 46 percent, 40 percent and 10 percent respectively. The airport itself is located on a mountain plateau surrounded by peaks. Takeoffs and landings offer beautiful views but can be quite unnerving.
Tourism.
For 2005, the county received 3.3 million tourists, with the majority of them visitors from within the province.
Various traditional villages around the town have been developed as tourist attractions. The village of Heshun features impressive architecture that was built with wealth from multi-generational trading families who sent children to Burma. The village contains a small museum dedicated to Ai Siqi, the early communist philosopher. It is based in his former house where he lived for two years. It contains pictures, personal items and a statue of him in the yard of the compound.
A large but seasonal fresh water wetland to the north attracts bird-watchers and nature-lovers, and tourists also visit a commercially developed volcanic park to the south. The recently constructed airport has brought an increase in domestic tourism. Routes to Sichuan and Beijing (over Kunming) have proved popular and the city predicts double the amount of annual visitors over the next 5 years. Several golf courses are in the planning stages and at least 1 is currently open for business, a 54 hole course located 5 kilometers outside of town. Several massive real estate projects are under construction aimed at selling second homes to domestic visitors. A little further from Tengchong you can visit "The Temple in the Sky" located high on a mountain which on perfect days will have a cloud cover located below it.
Local products.
The famous local products include jade articles, Chinese medicine, 'xuanzhi" paper, dried rice noodles, tea oil, small hats of split bamboo, preserved vegetables, articles of rattan work, etc.
Conservation Carbon Project.
The Conservation Carbon Project was set up by Conservation International, Nature Conservancy and Yunnan Forestry Department to restore forests and create sustainable livelihoods in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="19382612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382612" title="Earle Thomas">
Earle Thomas

William Earle Thomas more commonly known as Earle Thomas was a soccer player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Thomas' clubs included Hamilton, University-Mount Wellington, Eastern Suburbs AFC, and Blockhouse Bay.
International career.
Thomas made his senior All Whites debut in a 3-5 against Australia on 5 November 1967, and scored 2 goals in his first start 3 days later in a 3-1 win over Singapore. He went on to finish his international playing career with 23 A-international caps to his credit, his final cap coming in a 1-2 loss against New Caledonia on October 2, 1976.
Thomas scored 7 A-international goals and captained his country on numerous occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="19382628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382628" title="Rio Grande Theatre">
Rio Grande Theatre

The Rio Grande Theatre in Las Cruces, New Mexico was opened on July 29, 1926. The theatre was built by Seale and Dyne and operated by the Central Theatres Corporation of Denver.
The first movie shown was the silent movie Mare Nostrum, directed by Rex Ingram.
The Rio Grande Theatre was bought by Fox West Coast Theatres in October 1929. The Fox chain installed sound equipment and showed a sound picture for the opening night, October 20, 1929.
The theatre remained in operation until 1997, when it closed due to financial hardship. The theatre was purchased by the Dona Ana Arts Council and restored, opening again in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19382634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382634" title="Wenling">
Wenling

Wenling (Wenling dialect: Uen-lin Zy ; ) is a coastal county-level city in the municipal region of Taizhou, in southeastern Zhejiang province, China. It borders Luqiao and Huangyan to the north, Yuhuan to the south, Yueqing to the west, looks out to the East China Sea to the east. Wenling locates on 28°22'N, 121°21'W, approximately 300 km south of Shanghai.
Jiangxia Tidal Power Station is located there as well as a number of e-waste recycling centers which have contributed to soil contamination in the region.
Administration.
The county-level city of Wenling currently administers 5 subdistricts and 11 towns.
Language.
Like the majority of areas in Zhejiang, most people from Wenling speak a dialect of Wu Chinese, known as Wenling Hua. It is not mutually intelligible with Mandarin Chinese, and partially intelligible with Shanghainese. There is also a small portion of Min Nan speakers in the southeastern regions, especially in Shitang Town. The linguistic diversity of some regions has resulted in a segment of the population becoming fluent in speaking up to three languages, when Mandarin is included.
History.
Early to Xia Dynasty, Shang Dynasty, Zhou Dynasty, Wenling was part of Dong'ou, and belonged to Minzhong Prefecture by the time of Qin Dynasty, then belonged to Kuaiji Prefecture during Han Dynasty. From Tang Dynasty to Ming Dynasty, Wenling belonged to Huangyan of Taizhou and Yueqing of Wenzhou.
In 1469, Ming Dynasty, on the land of Wenling there set up Taiping County by separating southern Fangyan, Taiping, Fanchang three villages out of Huangyan. Shanmen village and Yuhuan village of Yueqing County was ceded to Taiping County later in 1476.
In 1513, the county seat built 2.5 kilometers of city wall, roughly squared, therefore got the name of "square castle".
In 1914, the county was renamed Wenling to distinguish the counties with same name in Shanxi Province, Sichuan Province, Anhei Province. "Wenling" which stood for warm mountain, once was another name of Wenqiao Town.
Wenling was conquered by Communist forces on May 28, 1949, and the county government was created. In March, 1994, Wenling withdrew the county to the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19382638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382638" title="Jurong, Jiangsu">
Jurong, Jiangsu

"For the town in Singapore, see Jurong."
Jurong is a county-level city in Jiangsu Province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19382685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382685" title="Anchor D Ranch">
Anchor D Ranch


</doc>
<doc id="19382724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382724" title="Felix Kramer">
Felix Kramer

Felix Kramer (born April 29, 1949) is a communications expert and serial entrepreneur, well known for his most recent work as founder of the California Cars Initiative (CalCars.org). CalCars is a non-profit he organized in 2002 to build awareness and encourage mass production of plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, or PHEVs.
Biography.
Education and early career.
Kramer grew up in the New York metropolitan area and spent considerable amounts of time in Europe, becoming fluent in French. He received his bachelor's degree in American Studies from Cornell University in January 1971. He worked as a writer/editor for organizational and union publications, a member of Congress, a state agency, and for environmental organizations including New York Sun Day in 1978 and the Energy Task Force. With the arrival of WYSIWIG computers and software and laser printing, he started Kramer Communications, New York City's first start-to-finish desktop publishing (DTP) companies, in 1984, which he sold in 1997.
He was a founding or active member of World Wide Web Artists Consortium, New York New Media Association, Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility, Electronic Frontier Foundation, National Association of Desktop Publishers, National Writers Union/UAW.
Personal computer and early internet-era activity.
Using knowledge gained in the DTP business and his early editorial experience, Kramer co-authored (with Maggie Lovaas) the first book on electronic publishing as a business in 1990 & 1991. The book, "Desktop Publishing Success: How to Start and Run a Desktop Publishing Business", sold 25,000 copies in seven reprintings and was widely reviewed, including acclaim as "the Bible of the DTP Biz" by "Publish" Magazine's editor-in-chief.
Kramer became involved in fax broadcasting with Folio: First Day (Cowles Business Media) and then with business development, usability and online marketing and promotion for a series of early online startups including SlipKnot (shareware browser from Micromind), Metrobeat (became Citysearch), PBS-TV's P.O.V., and early microtransaction startups.
In 1997, as he relocated to the San Francisco Bay Area, Kramer founded eConstructors.com, an online marketplace for the web design and development industry, featuring "WhoBuiltIt," the first online reverse directory for websites. He built the company with a small international staff, raised angel funding and remained as CEO until it was bought in early 2001.
2001-present.
In 2001, interrupted by surgery for an acoustic neuroma, Kramer moved his focus from high-tech back to his earlier environmental concerns. He approached Amory Lovins of the Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI), and entered into discussions with RMI-spinoff HyperCar to advance its concept of a fully optimized, 99 mile/gallon, fuel-cell-powered SUV. He proposed a pre-purchase "demand-pull" model for financing the company.
With co-sponsorship from Hypercar, he organized what became the founding meeting of the California Car Company Initiative on July 29, 2002 in Palo Alto, CA, which evolved into the non-profit California Cars Initiative, and shifted its focus from hydrogen fuel-cells to the nearer-term plug-in hybrid. The focus was on a solution using existing technology and household 120-volt household power rather than a new infrastructure. CalCars announced its dual approach of technical demonstration of feasibility and advocacy to reach "influencers" and decision-makers. Having recruited engineer Ron Gremban as Technology Lead and begun an open source Prius Plus conversion program, CalCars completed the first Prius conversion in 2004. In 2006, with a conversion by one of the independent conversion companies, Kramer became the "world's first non-technical consumer owner" of a PHEV. He flew that vehicle to Washington DC in May 2006 for the first public viewing of a PHEV on Capitol Hill.
Since then, the name Felix Kramer has become strongly associated with plug-in hybrids and PHEVs. Author and New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman acknowledges him as someone "who has made plug-in electric cars not only his passion but an imminent reality." And during these same years, "plug-in hybrid" has nearly become a household word (phrase).
In 2008 Presidential candidate Barack Obama set goals of putting 1 million plug-in cars on the road by 2015 and making half of new purchases for the federal fleet to be plug-ins by 2012.
Now, many if not most of the major automakers plan to offer some type of plug-in hybrid or all-electric vehicle in the 2010-2012 time frame.
Following this "success," however, Kramer and others at CalCars began in 2008 to address the problem that the rate of market penetration (as a percentage of new vehicles into the national and international fleet) would be remarkably slow, even with optimistic assumptions. To accelerate the "electrification of transportation" and all of its consequent benefits, Kramer and CalCars started their second major initiative: spurring the growth of a new industry that converts "existing" internal combustion engine vehicles into plug-ins.
Publications and public presentations.
Kramer kept a blog called 'Plugs, Power and People' from 2006–2007, but most of his online publication comes from his Yahoo! news-group news-letter, copies of which are archived on CalCars' website. He has also written op-ed pieces for the Huffington Post, gas2.org, EVWorld, as well as traditional publications such as Green Car Journal.
Kramer has spoken extensively at energy and policy events in the U.S. and internationally, a list of which can be found at CalCars.org. Many of his promotional materials, including the most recent "standard presentation" are also accessible on the CalCars website.
Personal life.
Kramer is married to Rochelle Lefkowitz, president and founder of Pro-Media Communications, and they have a college-aged son.

</doc>
<doc id="19382748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382748" title="Ioannis Karathanasis">
Ioannis Karathanasis

Ioannis Karathanasis (Greek: Γιάννης Καραθανάσης; born February 17, 1991) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is 2.03 m (6 ft 8 in) tall and he can play at both the small forward and power forward positions.
Pro career.
Karathanasis began his career with the Asteria Basketball Academy in Thessaloniki, Greece. He joined the Greek League power Olympiacos in the year 2008. In 2010, he joined Panellinios. In August 2011 he signed with Kavala B.C..
Greek national team.
With Greece's junior national teams, Karathanasis won the gold medal at the 2008 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship and the silver medal at the 2009 FIBA Under-19 World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19382759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382759" title="Tu Amor o Tu Desprecio">
Tu Amor o Tu Desprecio

Tu Amor o Tu Desprecio (Eng.: "Your Love or Your Disdain") is the fifth studio album released by Marco Antonio Solís on May 13, 2003. This album became his third number-one hit as a solo artist on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart and won album of the year at Premio Lo Nuestro 2004. Más Que Tu Amigo served as the opening theme for the novela Velo de novia starring Susana Gonzalez and Eduardo Santamarina.
Credits.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19382779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382779" title="Songs from the Screen">
Songs from the Screen

Songs from The Screen is an album of Lea Salonga performing with the Manila Philharmonic Orchestra. It was performed live at PICC Plenary Hall in Pasay City, Philippines. Her brother, Gerard Salonga, was the conductor and musical director.

</doc>
<doc id="19382791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382791" title="2009 World Series">
2009 World Series

The 2009 World Series was the 105th edition of Major League Baseball's (MLB) championship series. The best-of-seven playoff was contested between the Philadelphia Phillies, champions of the National League (NL) and defending World Series champions, and the New York Yankees, champions of the American League (AL). The Yankees defeated the Phillies, four games to two, to win the franchise's 27th World Series championship. The series was played between October 28 and November 4, broadcast on Fox, and watched by an average of roughly 19 million viewers.
Home field advantage for the Series went to the AL for the eighth straight year as a result of its 4–3 win in the All-Star Game. The Phillies earned their berth into the playoffs by winning the National League East. The Yankees won the American League East to earn their berth, posting the best record in the Major Leagues. The Phillies reached the World Series by defeating the Colorado Rockies in the best-of-five National League Division Series, and the Los Angeles Dodgers in the best-of-seven NL Championship Series (NLCS). The Yankees defeated the Minnesota Twins in the American League Division Series and the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in the AL Championship Series (ALCS) to advance to their first World Series since 2003.
Cliff Lee pitched a complete game in the Phillies' Game 1 victory, allowing only one unearned run. In Game 2, solo home runs by Mark Teixeira and Hideki Matsui helped the Yankees win by a score of 3–1. After a rain delayed start, Game 3 featured more offense, with a combined six home runs and thirteen total runs en route to a Yankee victory. The Yankees won Game 4 by scoring the decisive three runs in the ninth inning after an alert baserunning play by Johnny Damon. The Phillies avoided elimination with a win in Game 5, aided by Utley's second two–home run game of the series. The Yankees secured their World Series championship with a Game 6 victory in which Matsui hit his third home run of the series. He was named Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the series, making him the first Japanese-born player and the first full-time designated hitter to win the award; Matsui was the series' MVP despite starting only the three games that were played at Yankee Stadium, since the designated hitter position is not used in NL ballparks.
Several records were tied, extended, or broken during this World Series, including team championships (Yankees with 27), career postseason wins (Andy Pettitte with 18), career World Series saves (Mariano Rivera with 11), home runs in a World Series (Chase Utley with 5), strikeouts by a hitter in a World Series (Ryan Howard with 13), and runs batted in in a single World Series game (Hideki Matsui with 6).
Route to the series.
Philadelphia Phillies.
During the off-season the Phillies named Rubén Amaro, Jr. general manager, replacing Pat Gillick who retired at the end of a three-year contract. Their most notable offseason player change was in left field, as Pat Burrell departed due to free agency and was replaced by free agent Raúl Ibáñez. Another notable acquisition was free agent pitcher Chan Ho Park. Park was originally signed as a backup option for the bullpen, as reliever J. C. Romero was assigned a 50-game suspension after violating the Major League Baseball drug policy, but Park won the fifth starter's job in Spring Training.
During the regular season, the Phillies led the National League East for most of the year, taking first place for good on May 30. The Phillies made one large acquisition at the trade deadline, trading four minor league players to the Cleveland Indians for pitcher Cliff Lee and outfielder Ben Francisco. Lee won seven of his twelve regular season starts for Philadelphia in 2009. Ibáñez had started the year strongly, batting well over .300 with 17 home runs and 46 runs batted in (RBI) in the first two months of the season, which led the "New York Post" to call him an "early MVP candidate". He was placed on the disabled list in mid-June for a groin injury, however, and though he returned he did not bat above .260 for any other month that season. Although Ibáñez did not receive MVP votes his teammates Ryan Howard and Chase Utley had successful years, finishing 3rd and 8th in the balloting respectively. The Phillies finished the season with a record of 93–69 (.574), six games above the second-place Florida Marlins in their division.
The Phillies defeated the wild card-winning Colorado Rockies in the National League Division Series (NLDS), three games to one, advancing to the National League Championship Series (NLCS). Facing the Los Angeles Dodgers, the Phillies won the NLCS, four games to one, becoming the first team to repeat as National League champions since the 1995–96 Atlanta Braves. Ryan Howard won the NLCS MVP for his strong offensive performance during the series. Howard tied Lou Gehrig's postseason record by having at least one RBI in eight straight games across the NLDS and NLCS. They became the first World Series champion to return to the World Series the following year since the 2000–01 New York Yankees.
New York Yankees.
The Yankees' offseason began in November 2008 with control over their organization shifting from long-time owner George Steinbrenner to his son Hal Steinbrenner. Notable player departures included Mike Mussina—who announced his retirement on November 20, 2008—as well as Bobby Abreu, Jason Giambi, and Carl Pavano, who all left as free agents. Notable free agent acquisitions included starting pitchers CC Sabathia and A. J. Burnett, and first baseman Mark Teixeira. Another major addition was outfielder Nick Swisher, acquired in a trade with the Chicago White Sox.
The Yankees played the 2009 season in Yankee Stadium, their first year in that park after playing for 84 years in "Old" Yankee Stadium. They won the American League East with an eight-game lead over their rivals, the Boston Red Sox, compiling a record of 103–59. Sabathia won 19 games and position players Alex Rodriguez and Teixeira both had strong seasons offensively, Rodriguez with 30 home runs and 100 RBI and Teixeira with 39 and 122 respectively. Closing pitcher Mariano Rivera earned his 500th save against the Yankees' cross-town rival New York Mets, becoming the second pitcher in history to do so. On September 11, 2009, shortstop Derek Jeter recorded his 2,722nd career hit, passing Lou Gehrig to become the all-time leader in career hits recorded as a Yankee.
The Yankees defeated the Minnesota Twins in three games in the American League Division Series and the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in six games in the American League Championship Series (ALCS) to win their first American League pennant since 2003. Sabathia was named MVP of the ALCS with two wins in the series. The Yankees' victory in the ALCS earned them their 40th World Series appearance in franchise history, and their first since losing to the Florida Marlins in .
Series preview.
The two teams had met for a three-game interleague series at Yankee Stadium in May 2009, with the Phillies winning two of the three games. The series included two blown saves by Phillies' closer Brad Lidge in games 2 and 3, although the Phillies came back to win the final game in extra innings.
The Yankees had home field advantage for the Series as the American League had won that year's All-Star Game. The team match-up was heavily discussed and analyzed in the media prior to the beginning of the series. Both teams' offensive lineups were heavily touted, with the Yankees and Phillies leading their respective leagues in runs scored per game. Yankees third baseman Alex Rodriguez drew particular focus in the media for his success in earlier rounds of the 2009 playoffs in contrast to past postseason performances. The two lineups featured twenty former All-Stars and three former MVP award winners. Only one regular starter between both teams, Phillies catcher Carlos Ruiz, did not have at least ten home runs during the 2009 regular season. The two teams combined for 468 home runs during the season, more than any pair of opponents in World Series history.
The pitching staffs were also the subject of significant discussion prior to the series. The starting pitchers for Game 1, CC Sabathia and Cliff Lee, were described as "aces" who "dominated" the 2009 postseason with a 0.96 earned run average (ERA) between them. This matchup was of particular note, as Sabathia and Lee were former teammates from the Cleveland Indians and each had won a Cy Young Award with that franchise. Yankees manager Joe Girardi had been using a three-man starting rotation during the playoffs, in contrast to the four-pitcher rotation used by the Phillies. This difference led "USA Today" to give the Phillies' starting rotation the "edge" in the series, as the World Series had one fewer day off than previous rounds of the playoffs, making it more conducive to the Phillies' strategy. Gene Wojciechowski of ESPN criticized Girardi's strategy, arguing that Chad Gaudin should have pitched in Game 5 or 6, instead of A. J. Burnett or Andy Pettitte on reduced, three days rest. Wojciechowski argued that while Sabathia had proven his ability to pitch on shorter rest, Burnett and Pettitte should have been given their regular time between starts. Burnett had drawn some criticism, as he performed poorly in his last appearance before the World Series, a start in Game 5 of the ALCS in which he allowed six runs over six innings. Some believed Girardi settled on a three-man rotation because he had limited options for a fourth starting pitcher, either Gaudin or Joba Chamberlain, who had been "erratic" as a starter in the regular season and had been shifted into the bullpen for the postseason.
The matchup of closers, Mariano Rivera and Brad Lidge, also drew attention. Rivera and Lidge were the only closers who had not blown a save during the 2009 postseason, whereas closers on other postseason teams blew 11 saves in the 24 postseason games before the World Series in 2009. Both had performed well during the postseason, but Lidge had posted a 7.21 ERA during the 2009 regular season, in contrast to Rivera's 1.76. As a result, "USA Today" gave the Yankees the edge, noting that Lidge had blown two saves against the Yankees during their regular season series earlier that year.
Series summary.
The Series started on October 28, 2009, which was the latest start in World Series history. Game 4 was played on Sunday, November 1 and the series-winning Game 6 took place on November 4. The Series was only the third to end in a month other than October. The first came in , which was played entirely in September after the regular season was cut short due to World War I. The other such series was in when the September 11 attacks caused a delay in the baseball season that eventually forced the end of the World Series into November.
Earlier in the season Commissioner Bud Selig expressed interest in scheduling a World Series game during daylight hours instead of the evening. The starting times were ultimately moved before 8 p.m. ET for the first time in 30 years, but no day games were played. The Philadelphia Eagles and New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL) played across the street from Citizens Bank Park at Lincoln Financial Field on the day of Game 4. The NFL moved that game's kickoff time to 1 p.m. to avoid it ending too close to the start of Game 4. Similarly, Game 5 was played at Citizens Bank Park on the same day as the Philadelphia Flyers hosted the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL) at the Wachovia Center. The opening faceoff of the hockey game was scheduled for 7 p.m. but the NHL moved it to 5 p.m. to avoid conflict.
The umpires for the series were Joe West, Dana DeMuth, Gerry Davis, Brian Gorman, Jeff Nelson, and Mike Everitt. The World Series crew had included at least 1 umpire who had never worked the World Series in 24 of the past 25 series; however, following several mistakes by umpires in earlier rounds of the playoffs, this crew did not.
The Phillies had won the previous season's World Series against the Tampa Bay Rays for the franchise's second championship. The Yankees lost their previous World Series appearance to the Florida Marlins in and had not won since against the New York Mets. This was the fifth Series played between teams from New York and Philadelphia, and was the first Yankees–Phillies matchup since . The series was also the fourth consecutive time that the Phillies faced a team from the current AL East in the World Series, while the Yankees had faced a NL East opponent in three of their four most recent World Series appearances.
This Series had two unofficial nicknames: "Turnpike Series", for the New Jersey Turnpike, which connects New York to Philadelphia through the state of New Jersey, and "Liberty Series", based on the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia and the Statue of Liberty in New York.
Game 1.
Line score for Wednesday, October 28, 2009, 7:57 p.m. (ET) at Yankee Stadium in The Bronx, New York
Prior to the game, First Lady Michelle Obama and Second Lady Jill Biden escorted former Yankees catcher and World War II veteran Yogi Berra to the mound, where the ceremonial first pitch was thrown by a veteran of the Iraq War. The Phillies' Ryan Howard got the first hit of the 2009 World Series by doubling in the first inning. Howard was stranded in the first and the game was scoreless after two innings. The Phillies scored first with a two-out solo home run by Chase Utley in the top of the third inning. Through the first five innings, Philadelphia starting pitcher Cliff Lee allowed no runs and three hits, striking out seven Yankees batters. In the top of the sixth, Utley hit another solo home run to give the Phillies a 2–0 lead. The starting pitchers Lee and CC Sabathia continued to pitch until the top of the eighth when Sabathia was replaced by Phil Hughes. Hughes walked the first two batters and was replaced by Dámaso Marte. Marte got two quick outs and was relieved by David Robertson, who walked Jayson Werth and gave up a two-run single to Raúl Ibáñez. The Phillies added two more runs in the ninth with an RBI single by Shane Victorino and an RBI double by Howard. Lee finished with a complete game allowing one unearned run on six hits and striking out ten batters, not walking any of the hitters he faced.
Lee's pitching performance made history in several ways:
Game 2.
Line score for Thursday, October 29, 2009, 7:57 p.m. (ET) at Yankee Stadium in The Bronx, New York
Prior to the game, Jay-Z and Alicia Keys performed the song "Empire State of Mind" for the Yankee Stadium crowd. This game marked the first postseason appearance of Pedro Martínez against the Yankees since the 2004 American League Championship Series, when he was with the Boston Red Sox and a part of the two teams' long standing rivalry. The Phillies scored first for the second game in a row, with Raúl Ibáñez hitting a ground rule double and then scoring on a Matt Stairs RBI single off A. J. Burnett in the second inning.
Mark Teixeira tied the game with a solo home run in the fourth inning, and Hideki Matsui broke the tie in the sixth with another solo homer. Martínez departed the game after giving up consecutive hits to Jerry Hairston, Jr. and Melky Cabrera to start the seventh inning, and reliever Chan Ho Park gave up an RBI single to Jorge Posada. With Cabrera at second base and Posada at first, Johnny Damon hit a low line drive at Phillies first baseman Ryan Howard. Howard grabbed the ball and threw to second where Posada was tagged and called out while standing on the base. First-base umpire Brian Gorman ruled that Howard had caught the ball in the air and thus the result was an inning-ending double play. This was the first of two calls by Gorman in this game which were later shown to have been wrong by video replays.
Burnett left after seven innings and was replaced by Mariano Rivera in the eighth. The Phillies put two runners on with a walk to Jimmy Rollins and a single by Shane Victorino with one out in the eighth. However, Chase Utley grounded into an inning-ending double play ending on a close play at first base, the second close call made by the first base umpire Brian Gorman. Gorman himself later admitted he missed this call, saying "on a freeze frame, it looks like there's a little bit of a ball outside his glove when he hits the bag." Ultimately, Rivera threw 39 pitches and got six outs for his 38th postseason save, his tenth in World Series play.
Game 3.
Line score for Saturday, October 31, 2009, 9:17 p.m. (following 1:20 rain delay) (ET) at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
The start of the game was postponed 80 minutes due to a rain delay, pushing the start time to 9:17 p.m. The cast of the television series "Glee" performed the national anthem prior to the game as part of a ceremony featuring a large American flag and several members of the armed services. The Phillies scored first with Jayson Werth's lead-off solo home run, which was followed by a bases-loaded walk and a sacrifice fly to make the score 3–0 in the bottom of the second inning. Following Mark Teixeira's walk in the top of the fourth inning, Alex Rodriguez hit a deep ball down the right field line. It was originally ruled a double and Teixeira held at third base. The play was reviewed using MLB instant replay, which revealed that the ball had struck a camera sticking over the top of the wall, and the ball was ruled a two-run home run, giving Rodriguez his first World Series hit. This was the first home run reviewed by instant replay in postseason play. Specifically, the ball hit a camera owned by Fox and MLB which extended slightly over the right field wall. The camera was moved back for Game 4 such that its lens was in line with the wall. Coincidentally, Alex Rodriguez also had the first regular season home run reviewed by replay.
Nick Swisher opened the top of the fifth inning with a double and scored on a single to center field by Andy Pettitte. This was Pettitte's first career postseason RBI and the first RBI by a Yankees pitcher in a World Series since Jim Bouton in 1964. Derek Jeter followed Pettitte with another single, and both runners scored on a two-run double by Johnny Damon. Cole Hamels then walked Teixeira and was relieved by J. A. Happ. Happ closed out the fifth without allowing further scoring, but Nick Swisher added to the Yankees lead with a solo home run off of him in the sixth. Werth hit his second solo home run of the game leading off the bottom of the sixth to close the Yankees lead to 6–4, becoming the second Phillies player to hit multiple home runs in this World Series.
Chad Durbin relieved Happ in the top of the seventh. He walked Johnny Damon, who then stole second base. Rodriguez was then hit by a pitch, and Damon scored on a single by Jorge Posada. Joba Chamberlain relieved Pettitte in the bottom of the seventh and retired the side in order. Brett Myers retired the first two batters in the top of the eighth, but Hideki Matsui then hit a solo home run pinch hitting for Chamberlain. Phil Hughes pitched a third of an inning in the bottom of the ninth and allowed a solo home run to Carlos Ruiz before being relieved by Mariano Rivera. Rivera closed out the game, throwing just five pitches to record the final two outs. This game was Pettitte's 17th career postseason win, extending his MLB record.
Game 4.
Line score for Sunday, November 1, 2009, 8:20 p.m. (ET) at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Prior to the start of the game, Derek Jeter and Albert Pujols were named winners of the Hank Aaron Award for their offensive performances in 2009. This was the first game to test manager Joe Girardi's decision to use a three-man starting rotation, as CC Sabathia started the game on three days rest, a shorter period than he normally got during the regular season. Jeter led the game off with a single and advanced to third base on a double by Johnny Damon. Jeter scored via a Mark Teixeira ground out and Alex Rodriguez was hit by a pitch. Rodriguez was hit twice the night before and the umpires issued warnings to both benches. Jorge Posada then added to the Yankees lead that inning with a sacrifice fly. The Phillies answered quickly, scoring a run on successive doubles by Shane Victorino and Chase Utley in the bottom of the first. Sabathia intentionally walked Jayson Werth, but escaped the inning without further scoring. The Phillies tied the game in the bottom of the fourth as Ryan Howard singled, stole second, and scored on a single by Pedro Feliz. Although the run counted, instant replay of Howard's slide later showed that he did not touch home plate.
Nick Swisher walked to lead off the fifth inning and advanced to second on a Melky Cabrera single. Swisher restored the Yankees' lead, scoring on a single by Jeter, and Cabrera added to it by scoring a run on a Damon single. Brett Gardner replaced Cabrera in center field as a defensive substitution in the bottom of the sixth inning after Cabrera left the game due to a hamstring injury. Chan Ho Park relieved Phillies starter Joe Blanton in the seventh and held the Yankees scoreless in that inning. Chase Utley hit his third solo home run of the series in the bottom of the seventh with two outs, bringing the game to 4–3. Dámaso Marte relieved Sabathia and got the final out of the seventh without further scoring.
Ryan Madson relieved Park in the eighth and allowed a walk and a single but held the Yankees scoreless. Joba Chamberlain replaced Marte in the bottom of the inning. He struck out the first two batters he faced but allowed a game-tying home run to Feliz before closing the inning. Brad Lidge came into the game in the ninth and gave up a two-out single to Damon—after a nine-pitch at bat. Then, with Teixeira batting, Damon stole second and, on the same play, advanced to third as the base was uncovered due to a defensive shift against Teixeira. Several news outlets referred to this as a "mad dash", which Mike Vaccaro of the "New York Post" compared to Enos Slaughter's "Mad Dash" in the 1946 World Series. Some believed that Damon's play caused Lidge to avoid throwing his best pitch—a slider with sharp downward movement—for the rest of the inning, as it risked a wild pitch that would have allowed Damon to score from third base. Teixeira was then hit by a pitch and Rodriguez put the Yankees ahead with a double, scoring Damon. Posada added to that lead with a single that scored Teixeira and Rodriguez. Mariano Rivera entered in the bottom of the ninth and saved the game for the Yankees on eight pitches for his second save of the series.
Game 5.
Line score for Monday, November 2, 2009, 7:57 p.m. (ET) at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
The Yankees replaced Melky Cabrera on their postseason roster with Ramiro Peña due to his injury in Game 4, while Brett Gardner took Cabrera's place in center field. A. J. Burnett, the Yankees' Game 2 starter, started Game 5 on three days rest, one less than the Phillies' Cliff Lee. The Yankees scored first in the first inning, with Johnny Damon reaching base with a single and then scoring on a two-out double by Alex Rodriguez. The Phillies responded in the bottom of the inning with a single by Jimmy Rollins, Shane Victorino reaching after being hit by a pitch, and finally a three-run home run by Chase Utley to take the lead. The Phillies added to their lead in the third inning with Utley and Ryan Howard drawing walks followed by RBI singles by Jayson Werth and Raúl Ibáñez. With no outs in the inning, Burnett was relieved by David Robertson, who allowed another run to score on a Carlos Ruiz ground out.
Robertson held the Phillies scoreless for a second inning in the fourth. Jorge Posada entered as a pinch hitter in the fifth inning for José Molina and grounded out. Eric Hinske then pinch hit for Robertson and walked, advanced to third on a Derek Jeter single, and scored on a ground out by Damon. Alfredo Aceves entered as the new Yankee pitcher in the bottom of the fifth. The first batter he faced, Jayson Werth, hit a deep drive to center field but it was caught for an out by Gardner, who collided into the outfield wall to complete the play. Aceves completed the inning without a run scoring, inducing ground outs from Ibáñez and Ruiz. Phil Coke relieved Aceves in the seventh inning and allowed two Phillies players tie World Series records. First, Utley tied Reggie Jackson's record for most home runs in a World Series with a solo home run, his fifth of the series. Coke then struck out Howard, Howard's 12th strikeout in the series, tying Willie Wilson's record for most strikeouts in a World Series. Finally, Coke was driven from the game after allowing another solo home run, this time to Ibáñez, and was relieved by Phil Hughes.
Victorino was replaced defensively in the eighth inning by Ben Francisco. Lee was driven from the game after allowing a single to Damon, followed by a double by Mark Teixeira, and then a double by Rodriguez that scored both runners. Chan Ho Park relieved Lee and induced a ground out from Nick Swisher, which advanced Rodriguez to third base. Rodriguez scored on a sacrifice fly by Robinson Canó. Ryan Madson entered in the ninth to close the game, allowing a double to Posada and a single to Hideki Matsui without recording an out. Batting with men on first and third base, Jeter grounded into a double play, allowing Posada to score but emptying the bases. Damon singled to bring Teixeira to bat as the potential tying run, but Madson struck him out to record his first World Series save. Members of the news media, such as Gene Wojciechowski, were critical of the three-man starting rotation strategy following Game 3, and contended that Burnett's poor performance was caused by insufficient rest in between starts. However, Burnett had been successful up to this point in such situations, going 4–0 with a 2.33 ERA in four career starts on short rest (less than the normal four days between starts) before this game.
Game 6.
Line score for Wednesday, November 4, 2009, 7:57 p.m. (ET) at Yankee Stadium in The Bronx, New York
This game was the first Game 6 in a World Series since the 2003 World Series six years earlier, the longest such period in the history of the World Series. Prior to the game, Mary J. Blige, a Bronx native, performed "The Star-Spangled Banner". Andy Pettitte started on three days rest, the third straight game in which the Yankees fielded a pitcher on short rest. The Yankees scored first with an Alex Rodriguez walk opening the bottom of the second inning followed by a two-run home run by designated hitter Hideki Matsui. The Phillies quickly responded with a triple by Carlos Ruiz who then scored on a sacrifice fly from Jimmy Rollins in the top of the third. Matsui answered back, adding to the Yankees lead again with a single with the bases loaded in the bottom of the third, scoring Derek Jeter and Johnny Damon. Damon, injured running the bases while scoring, was replaced defensively in the top of the fourth by Jerry Hairston, Jr.
Phillies starter Pedro Martínez was removed after just four innings, relieved in the fifth by Chad Durbin. Durbin allowed a ground rule double to Jeter, who advanced to third on a sacrifice bunt by Hairston and scored on a single by Mark Teixeira. Durbin then hit Rodriguez with a pitch and was relieved by J. A. Happ after recording just one out. Happ allowed a two-run double to Matsui, his fifth and sixth RBI of the game, which tied a World Series record for most RBI in a single game set by Bobby Richardson in the 1960 World Series.
The Phillies made the game closer in the top of the sixth inning, as Chase Utley drew a walk and Ryan Howard followed him with a two-run home run, bringing the score to 7–3. After Raúl Ibáñez hit a double into right field, Joba Chamberlain relieved Andy Pettitte and closed the sixth without scoring. Chan Ho Park came in for Happ, ending any Yankees threat that inning. Chamberlain was relieved by Dámaso Marte in the top of the seventh after allowing two baserunners, but Marte struck out Utley to end the inning scoreless. After Park allowed a single to Rodriguez, Scott Eyre replaced him. Eyre allowed Rodriguez to steal second and intentionally walked Jorge Posada but escaped the inning without allowing a run.
Marte recorded one out, a strikeout of Howard, in the top of the eighth inning. With it Howard set a new World Series record for most strikeouts by a hitter in a single series with a total of 13. After the out, Marte was relieved by the Yankees closer Mariano Rivera in a non-save situation. Rivera allowed a double to Ibáñez, but no runs, in the eighth. After retiring the first two batters in the eighth, Eyre gave way to Ryan Madson, who allowed a single to Jeter before ending the bottom of the eighth inning. Matt Stairs led off the ninth as a pinch hitter, but lined out. Ruiz worked a walk from Rivera, but successive outs by Rollins and Victorino ended the game 7–3 to clinch the World Series for the Yankees. Pettitte added to his own record for most playoff wins, bringing his career total to 18.
Broadcasting.
For the tenth consecutive year in the United States, Fox Sports televised the Series. Joe Buck called play-by-play and Tim McCarver provided analysis. The Series was also broadcast on ESPN Radio, with Jon Miller and Joe Morgan calling the action. Game 1 was watched by 19.5 million viewers, second only to the opening of the 2004 World Series in viewership for a series opener since 2000. The viewership for the opening game resulted in a ratings percentage of 11.9% of households in the United States. Game 4 produced the highest ratings of the series with 22.8 million viewers, the highest for any World Series game since 2004 and the highest for a "non-decisive Game 4" since 2003. Fox Sports en Español also broadcast the Series for the US Spanish-speaking audience. The flagship radio stations of the respective teams broadcast all Series games with their local announcers. In Philadelphia, WPHT carried the Phillies' English-language broadcasts, with Scott Franzke, Larry Andersen, Tom McCarthy, Gary Matthews, and Chris Wheeler announcing, while WUBA aired the team's Spanish broadcasts. In New York, WCBS-AM carried the Yankees' English broadcasts with John Sterling and Suzyn Waldman announcing. This broadcast made Waldman the first woman to announce a World Series game on radio. XM Satellite Radio offered multiple feeds of each game to its subscribers.
Impact and aftermath.
Many players with both teams won awards for their performances during the 2009 season. Teixeira and Jeter each won a Gold Glove and Silver Slugger Award; Jimmy Rollins and Shane Victorino won Gold Gloves, as well; and Chase Utley won a Silver Slugger Award. Rivera was named the 2009 DHL Delivery Man of the Year, as well as "Sporting News" Pro Athlete of the Year. Along with the Hank Aaron Award announced before Game 4, Jeter won the Roberto Clemente Award and was named "Sports Illustrated"s Sportsman of the Year for 2009. Matsui won the World Series MVP for his play, becoming the first Japanese player and first full-time designated hitter to win the award. Several items related to the series were sent to the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum including bats from Jeter and Matsui; caps from Rivera, Lee, and Pettitte; and Johnny Damon's cleats.
Yankees.
The series win brought the Yankees' franchise championship total to 27, more than any other North American professional sports franchise. This championship came in the Yankees' first year in their new stadium. They had also won the 1923 World Series, the opening year of the previous Yankee Stadium. The victory was noted by some sportswriters as a personal success for Alex Rodriguez, winning his first championship and succeeding in the playoffs where some had previously claimed he was a "choker and a loser". Prior to this series, Rodriguez had appeared in 2,166 regular season games without a World Series appearance, then the second-most among active players to Ken Griffey, Jr.
On November 6, a victory parade took place for the Yankees in the "Canyon of Heroes" in Manhattan, New York City. The Yankees sent a group of players, coach Tony Peña, and team Senior Vice President Felix Lopez with the Commissioner's Trophy to the Dominican Republic in early January 2010 to meet with President Leonel Fernández. Most of the 2009 Yankees received their championship rings on Opening Day the next season. Matsui was on the Angels in 2010 and when the Angels played their first series of the season in the Bronx, the Yankees home opener, they presented him with his ring. They also visited U.S. President Barack Obama in the White House in April 2010, presenting him with a signed jersey.
The Yankees' victory was credited to a number of different sources. Many players drew praise for their performances, including Series MVP Hideki Matsui; free agents signed the previous offseason including Mark Teixeira, CC Sabathia, and A. J. Burnett; and the so-called "Core Four" of Derek Jeter, Mariano Rivera, Andy Pettitte, and Jorge Posada, who had all played a large role in the Yankees' past success in the 1990s. Manager Joe Girardi was also credited for his management of the team, particularly in his decision to use only three starting pitchers in the Yankees postseason starting rotation. The Yankees were the first team to use only three starters in a World Series since the San Diego Padres in the 1998 Series. Several members of the Yankees franchise dedicated the World Series in part to team owner George Steinbrenner, who had recently stepped back from his once prominent position with the team. Steinbrenner died on the day of the All-Star Game the following season at the age of 80. The Yankees returned to the playoffs the following season and ultimately lost to the Texas Rangers in the 2010 ALCS.
Phillies.
Following Game 4, after the Yankees took a 3–1 series lead, "The Philadelphia Inquirer" accidentally printed a three-quarters-page Macy's advertisement congratulating the Phillies for winning the World Series, along with a picture of a Phillies championship T-shirt. The newspaper subsequently apologized for the mistake. Lee Jenkins of "Sports Illustrated" attributed Philadelphia's loss to a lack of pitching depth, noting that three different Yankees starters managed to win games in the series, while only Cliff Lee won games for the Phillies. Jorge Arangure Jr. of ESPN partially attributed the Phillies' loss to their lack of offensive production, citing the team's .227 batting average in the World Series. The Phillies also returned to the playoffs in 2010 and lost to the eventual champions the San Francisco Giants in the NLCS. The Phillies again returned to the playoffs in 2011 losing out to the eventual champions again (St. Louis Cardinals) in the first round NL divisional series.
David Paterson ticket scandal.
Among those in attendance during Game 1 was New York Governor David Paterson, whose party had five tickets behind home plate. On March 3, 2010, the New York Commission on Public Integrity found that Paterson had violated state laws concerning gifts to public officials, and that he lied under oath to the commission about his intent to pay for the tickets. The commission further found that Paterson used his position to solicit and receive the five tickets—valued at US$425 each—free of charge from the Yankees, that he had never intended to pay for the tickets despite testimony to the contrary, and that he or a person acting on his behalf wrote a backdated check to pay for them only after scrutiny in the case arose. The Commission ultimately fined Paterson $62,125 for his actions.

</doc>
<doc id="19382797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382797" title="Patricio Castillo">
Patricio Castillo

Patricio Castillo (born February 4, 1974) is a Spanish-Chilean vocal actor, performer, singer and songwriter. He became well known for his roles in the Spanish language performing songs for HBO's "Flight of the Conchords", "Happy Feet", "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" and "Corpse Bride".
Biography.
Patricio Castillo was born Patricio Fernando Castillo Espinoza on February 4, 1974 in Rancagua, Chile.
Career.
In 2007, Castillo was signed as the Spanish voice of Bret McKenzie in HBO television series "Flight of the Conchords", as well to co-writing the Spanish lyrics working with songwriter Claudia Castillo and sound Engineer "Waldo Valenzuela". After successfully completing 12 episodes with a total of 30 songs re-written in Spanish, Castillo and Valenzuela joined McKenzie and Jemaine Clement on their first LA show to performance at the El Rey Theater on July 11, 2007, where the Spanish Conchords sang "Think Think about" (Pien Piensa un Poco).
Personal life.
Castillo married Claudia Castillo on November 28, 2003 in Los Angeles, California. The couple have two daughters: Cassandra Alexis Castillo - June 21, 2008 and Penelope Naomi Castillo - May 4, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="19382801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382801" title="List of chairpersons of the College Republicans">
List of chairpersons of the College Republicans

This is a list of the Chairpersons of the College Republican National Committee. This list includes those persons who served as national chairman of College Republican National Committee and its predecessor organizations, including the American Republican College League, and the Associated University Republican Clubs. The Chairperson of the College Republican National Committee is elected at the organization's bi-annual meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="19382802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382802" title="Rebecca Marshall">
Rebecca Marshall

Rebecca Marshall (fl. 1663 – 1677) was a noted English actress of the Restoration era, one of the first generation of women performers on the public stage in Britain. She was the younger sister of Anne Marshall, another prominent actress of the period.
The younger Marshall sister began acting with the King's Company, under the management of Thomas Killigrew, around 1663; she remained with that troupe for her full career, except for a final year with the rival Duke's Company in 1677. She acted with her sister Anne at least once, in John Dryden's "The Maiden Queen" in 1664; Anne played Candiope, and Rebecca played the Queen. When her older sister retired from the stage (temporarily) in 1668, Rebecca inherited several of her roles, as Aurelia in Dryden's "An Evening's Love" and Nourmahal in "Aureng-zebe"; she may also have inherited the part of Evadne in Beaumont and Fletcher's "The Maid's Tragedy". Rebecca Marshall's other roles were:
— among other parts, including spoken prologues and epilogues for various dramas. She participated in two of Killigrew's famous all-female productions, of his own "The Parson's Wedding" and Beaumont and Fletcher's "Philaster", both in 1672.
Rebecca Marshall formed a "remarkable acting combination" with fellow performer Elizabeth Boutell, first in William Joyner's "The Roman Empress" in 1670. Their success inspired a fashion for plays of "women in conflict," in which Marshall was usually the villainess (or at least the darker half of the pairing), and Boutell the virtuous heroine. They enacted this pattern in "The Conquest of Granada," also in 1670: Marshall was Lyndaraxa to Boutell's Bezayda. And again, with Marshall as Poppea and Boutell as Cyara in Nathaniel Lee's "The Tragedy of Nero" (1674); as Queen Berenice and Clarona in John Crowne's "The Destruction of Jerusalem" (1677); and as Roxana and Statira in Lee's "The Rival Queens" (also 1677).
The "women in conflict" play reached beyond Marshall and Boutell: the rival Duke's Company competed with its own actress pairing, Mary Betterton and Mary Lee; and Elizabeth Barry and Anne Bracegirdle repeated the pattern in the 1680s and '90s. In her one season with the Duke's Company, Rebecca Marshall was cast against Barry in a rare comic version of the pattern, in Thomas d'Urfey's "A Fond Husband, or the Plotting Sisters".
Samuel Pepys repeatedly refers to both Marshall sisters in his Diary; he calls the younger "Beck Marshall." Rebecca had a reputation as a beauty, which apparently caused her difficulties: she twice petitioned King Charles II for protection from obstreperous men in her audience. And she had a habit of feuding with Nell Gwyn.

</doc>
<doc id="19382826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382826" title="Frank Parkin">
Frank Parkin

Dr. Frank Parkin (26 May 1931 – 14 September 2011) was a British sociologist and novelist. He was a professor emeritus at the University of Kent and editor of the Concepts in the Social Sciences series published by Open University Press.
Biography.
Frank Parkin was born in 1931 in Aberdare, Mid Glamorgan, Wales. He studied at the London School of Economics and was awarded a Ph.D. in 1966. He worked briefly as an assistant lecturer at the University of Hull in 1964 and 1965. By 1974, he was a reader in sociology at the University of Kent. He later became lecturer in politics and a fellow of Magdalen College, Oxford. At some point he left this position. From the early 1980s and onwards, Parkin wrote little sociology, focusing instead on fiction. Exceptions to this are his book on Durkheim from 1992, and the second edition of his book on Weber in 2002.
Closure theory.
In sociology, Frank Parkin is best known for his contribution to the theory of social closure, most fully laid out in his "Marxism and class theory: A bourgeois critique." In quite sharp tone, Parkin argues that Marxist theories of social class were marked by fundamental deficiencies, particularly associated with the ambiguous status of their central explanatory concept, mode of production. He attacks the Marxists' overemphasis on deep levels of structure, at the expense of social actors, and suggests a radical recasting of the theory of class and stratification. He proposes to do this by centering theory around the concept of social closure. Parkin follows Weber in understanding closure as 
Parkin goes on to elaborate this concept, by identifying two main types, exclusionary and usurpationary closure. 'The distinguishing feature of exclusionary closure is the attempt by one group to secure for itself a privileged position at the expense of some other group through processes of subordination'. He refers to this metaphorically as the use of power downwards. Usurpationary closure, however, is the use of power upwards, by the groups of subordinates created by the exclusionary closure, aimed at winning a greater share of resources, threatening 'to bite into the privileges of legally defined superiors'.
Arguably, the most novel aspect of Parkin's contribution was that he wanted to define classes in terms of their closure strategies, as opposed to defining class with reference to some structure of positions. The bourgeoisie could be identified, he held, by their reliance on exclusionary closure, as opposed to, say, their ownership of the means of production. Similarly, a subordinate class would be identified by their reliance on usurpationary closure:
Writing style.
Parkin's works, at least those from the late '70s and onwards, are notable for their lively discursive tone, frequently using sarcasm and irony in driving home their points. This was noted by many reviewers of "Marxism and class theory". Dennis Wrong called it a 'bitingly witty and incisive assault on the sociological pretensions of western academic Marxism'. Guenter Roth remarked: 'This is an unusually well-written essay. Its wit, sense of irony, and elegance of phrase add stylistic power to a trenchant critique of Marxist class theories and to "re- thinking class analysis"...'. Gavin Mackenzie called it "a beautifully written, savage and supremely witty attack' on Marxism: 'I haven't laughed so much since ethnomethodology'. Anthony Giddens commented on the 'vivid change in [Parkin's] writing style': While "Class inequality and political order"(1971) was 'written neutrally and dispassionately', "Marxism and class theory" was marked by a 'deliberatively provocative tone'. 'Parkin's discussion of contemporary marxist accounts of class is heavily ironic and often openly sarcastic.' Giddens drew particular attention to the first page of the Preface:.
Parkin continues:
Parkin's wit was not exclusively reserved for Marxist academics. The passage quoted below follows a sharply critical review of American theories of stratification, particularly their interpretation of Weber:

</doc>
<doc id="19382834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382834" title="Seva (Puerto Rico)">
Seva (Puerto Rico)

Seva is a fictional town described in the novel "Seva", by Puerto Rican writer Luis López Nieves.
"Seva" is considered to be one of the most important short stories ever published in Puerto Rico. It has sold many editions and is studied in many schools around the country. There are extensive critical studies about this town and book, mostly in Spanish.
Origin of the name.
In various interviews, Luis López Nieves has explained that he wanted to invent a town with a name similar to "Ceiba", a real Puerto Rican town. Therefore, he changed the "C" into an "S", eliminated the "I", and transformed the "B" into "V". The result was the name of his fictional town: "Seva".
History.
The date of the foundation of the fictitious town of Seva is unknown, but the town's demise on August 1898 is amply documented in the book "Seva", by Luis López Nieves. The author uses as a historical backdrop the Hispanic-American War. In the story the invasion of Puerto Rico begins on May 5, 1898 when the US Army disembarks on the beaches of the small town of Seva. The residents mount a ferocious opposition and stop the Army at the beach until August 6, 1898, when they are surrounded by additional army reinforcements that had landed on the southwestern coast of the island. On August 10, 1898 the US Army shoots the 720 citizens of Seva that are captured in the final battle.
Location.
Like Ceiba, it has an eastern coast on the Atlantic Ocean, and it's located north of Naguabo, south of Fajardo, and east of Río Grande.

</doc>
<doc id="19382852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382852" title="J19">
J19

J19 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19382855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382855" title="Congregation Tifereth Israel">
Congregation Tifereth Israel

Congregation Tifereth Israel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19382859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382859" title="Countrywide financial political loan scandal">
Countrywide financial political loan scandal

The U.S. financial political loan scandal in 2008-2009 involved politicians who allegedly received favorable mortgage rates.
In June 2008 Conde Nast Portfolio reported that numerous Washington, DC politicians over recent years had received mortgage financing at noncompetitive rates at Countrywide Financial because the corporation placed the officeholders in a program called "FOA's"--"Friends of Angelo", Countrywide's Chief Executive Angelo Mozilo. The politicians extended such favorable financing included the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, Christopher Dodd (D-CT), and the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, Kent Conrad (D-ND). The article also noted Countrywide's political action committee had made large donations to Dodd's campaign. The largest recipient of campaign contributions from Countrywide, though, was Rep. Ed Royce (R-CA), House Financial Services Committee), who has received $37,500 since 1989. Dodd has advocated that the federal government, through the Federal Housing Administration, insure up to $300 billion in refinanced mortgages for distressed homeowners.
It was reported by the Wall Street Journal on 6 June 2008 that 2 former CEO of Fannie Mae, Franklin Raines and James A. Johnson, who was also an adviser to then-Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama, had received loans from Countrywide. On July 16, 2008, "The Washington Post" reported that Franklin Raines had "taken calls from Barack Obama's presidential campaign seeking his advice on mortgage and housing policy matters." However, Raines and the Obama campaign both allege that Raines has never advised Obama. See Raines and Obama.
On 18 June 2008, a Congressional ethics panel started examining allegations that Democratic Senators Christopher Dodd of Connecticut (the sponsor of a major $300 billion housing rescue bill) and Kent Conrad of North Dakota received preferential loans by troubled mortgage lender Countrywide Financial Corp.
Dodd has faced criticism for his role in this scandal from Connecticut's largest newspaper, the Hartford Courant as well as from the Connecticut Republican party. Citizens Against Government Waste (CAGW) named Dodd its June 2008 "Porker of the Month" for accepting a preferential mortgage deal from Countrywide Financial which stands to benefit from a mortgage bill he is pushing through Congress.
On January 6, 2010, Dodd announced that he would not run for re-election.
On January 18, 2011, Conrad announced that he would not run for re-election in 2012, but will instead retire.

</doc>
<doc id="19382868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382868" title="Prussian G 12.1">
Prussian G 12.1

The Prussian G 12.1 was a German steam locomotive built for the Prussian state railways during the First World War and was the largest Prussian freight locomotive with a 2-10-0 wheel arrangement. It had three cylinders, the two outer ones driving the third axle and the inner one the second axle.
History.
As early as 1913 there was a requirement for a powerful goods train locomotive in several of the divisions within the Prussian state railways. This need grew as a result of the First World War; at the same time however the delivery of the first engine by Henschel-Werke was delayed until 1915. 
Between 1915 and 1917, 21 vehicles were built for Prussia and 12 for the Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine. All the locomotives were manufactured by Henschel. The Prussia locos went to the Erfurt, Cassel and Saarbrücken divisions. Further production was then ceased in favour of the G 12. 
The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over 15 vehicles from Prussia as the DRG Class 58.0 and gave them operating numbers 58 001–015. The majority of locomotives were retired by 1935. Numbers 58 002 and 005 ended up in the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany after the Second World War. The last one, number 58 005, was retired in 1957.
The Alsace-Lorraine machines were joined after the First World War by five more former Prussian G 12.1s and employed in front of heavy coal and ore trains. The SNCF designated them as 150-B-546 to 562 and scrapped them by 1955.
The engines were equipped with tenders of Class pr 2'2' T 21.5.
Saxon XIII H.
In 1917 the Royal Saxon State Railways ordered Hartmann to build 20 locomotives based on the Prussian G 12.1. The engines were classified as the Saxon XIII H but had numerous improvements compared with their prototypes. They were given a larger total heating area, a bigger superheater area and new tubing. They were therefore heavier than the Prussian locomotives and were the first German locomotives to exceed 100 tonnes. They were supplied with sä 2'2' T 21 tenders. 
The 20 locomotives were given railway numbers 1165–1184. After the First World War six units had to be given to France as reparations. The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over the remaining 14 vehicles as DRG Class 58.1 with operating numbers 58 101–114. 
By the mid-1930s the German locomotives had been withdrawn from the fleet. During the Second World War the so-called 'loan locomotives' ("Leihlokomotiven") with the SNCF, numbered 150 D 201 to 150 D 206, were returned to Saxony. They remained after the war and went into the DR. They were retired by 1951.
Like Prussia, after the initial series, Saxony only ordered further batches of its successor, the Prussian G 12, although it was also designated the Class XIII H.

</doc>
<doc id="19382888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382888" title="Athletics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metres">
Athletics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metres

The Women's 100 m at the 2000 Summer Olympics as part of the athletics program were held at the Stadium Australia on 22 September 2000 and 23 September 2000.
The top three runners in each of the initial ten heats automatically qualified for the second round. The next two fastest runners from across the heats also qualified for the second round. The top four runners in each of the four second round heats automatically qualified for the semi-final.
The Gold was originally won by Marion Jones of the United States. However, on 5 October 2007, she admitted to having used performance enhancing drugs prior to the 2000 Olympics. On 9 October she relinquished her medals to the United States Olympic Committee, and on 12 December the International Olympic Committee formally stripped her of her medals.
The IOC did not initially decide to regrade the results, as Silver medalist Ekaterini Thanou had herself been subsequently involved in a doping scandal in the run-up to the 2004 Summer Olympus. After two years of deliberation, in late 2009 the IOC decided to upgrade Lawrence and Ottey to silver and bronze respectively, and leave Thanou as a silver medallist, with the gold medal withheld.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
All times shown are in seconds.
Final.
Note: Thanou not awarded gold medal

</doc>
<doc id="19382897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382897" title="Charis Giannopoulos">
Charis Giannopoulos

Charalampos "Charis" Giannopoulos (Greek: Χαράλαμπος "Χάρης" Γιαννόπουλος; born July 13, 1989) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is 2.01 m (6 ft 7 in) tall, and he can play at both the shooting guard and small forward positions, although he is primarily a small forward.
Professional career.
Giannopoulos began his pro career with the Greek League club PAOK Thessaloniki, during the 2005-06 season. He joined the Greek club Olympiacos Piraeus in 2008. He moved to Panionios for 2 seasons, from 2009-2011.
He joined Peristeri for the 2011-12 season. He then moved to Panathinaikos for the 2012-13 season. In 2013, he signed with the Spanish League club Bàsquet Manresa.
Greek national team.
With Greece's junior national teams, Giannopoulos played at the 2005 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship and the 2006 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship. He won the silver medal at the 2007 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship. He also played at the 2008 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship, and won the gold medal at the 2009 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19382904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382904" title="Live Oak Taylor">
Live Oak Taylor

George Edward "Live Oak" Taylor (February 3, 1851 – February 19, 1888) was an American professional baseball outfielder. Most famous for serving as a substitute with the 1869 Cincinnati Red Stockings, baseball's first all-professional team, on their west coast road trip in the latter half of that season, he later went on to play three seasons in Major League Baseball. He played 2 games in 1877 with the Hartford Dark Blues, 24 games in 1879 with the Troy Trojans, and 41 games in 1884 with the Pittsburgh Alleghenys.

</doc>
<doc id="19382908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382908" title="Meivazhi Salai">
Meivazhi Salai

Meivazhi Salai () is a village near Pudukkottai, Tamil Nadu, India. It is where the Meivazhi religion came about. The village eschews the Indian caste system, claiming adherents from 69 different castes. It forbids smoking, alcohol, gambling, and theft, and practices vegetarianism.Please check the URL given below, for articles in media:
1. https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B_Q7KTGY-IGsVkViRUo0VTFMZ00/edit?usp=sharing
2. https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B_Q7KTGY-IGsdVJ0Tkg3dW5qWXM/edit?usp=sharing
about Meivazhi Salai houses.
Houses in Meivazhi salai are built with walls that are only three feet height and the roof are formed with weaved coconut leaves. Concrete roofs are not allowed. Electricity is not allowed (Solar power permitted for gadgets/devices necessary for survival needs. But "no" to comfort/time wasting devices like A/C's, T.V's). Salai Andavargal(our Spiritual Master; Guru) has expected a total destruction of the world (might be an earth quake) so that during that quake people will escape from death because of small walls and weightless roofs. The fact mentioned herewith(deluge/doomsday/day of reckoning/apocalypse/armageddon)is a common belief almost in all religions across the globe, in addition to common belief's in most religions like " LIFE AFTER DEATH, NEED FOR A SPIRITUAL MASTER (GURU) & DESTRUCTION OF UNIVERSE". And He further expected that Meivazhi Salai will alone survive after that devastation (mounting evidence available in Lord Buddha's prophecy, for instance). The sanctity of the 60 acre, Meivazhi Salai is preserved by avoiding toilets in every house. Instead, two Public convenience / lavatory has been constructed, each in the outskirts, considering ease of access of thousands of residents of the Holy Land.
The spiritual master GURU gives the upadesam, the pathway to reach the GOD which Lord Krishna gave to Arjuna in Mahabharat. This upadesam was given only to the selected who deserves. Without a proper GURU none can achieve the Motcham. 

</doc>
<doc id="19382933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382933" title="Right Now (Na Na Na)">
Right Now (Na Na Na)

"Right Now (Na Na Na)" is the lead single from Akon's third studio album, "Freedom." The song contains elements from "Remember" by The Underdog Project and "Wouldn't It Be Good" by Nik Kershaw. The song was added to the U.S. Mainstream Top 40 radio on September 23, 2008, and also became available for digital download on iTunes that day. The song incorporates an electronic Euro-club feel.
Official versions.
Several remixes of the track exist. The official remix of the track features additional vocals by Kat DeLuna. Further remixes include "Mañana (Na Na Na)", featuring vocals from Jayko, and an International Remix, featuring Canadian singer Danny Fernandes. A Tagalog parody version, entitled "Banana (Ba Na Na)", was recorded by Filipino rapper Blank Tape. Another Malaysian parody was also performed by Kelantanese singers Man Khan and Rosalinda, entitled "Dok Mano" released at the near end of 2012.
Music video.
The official music video for the track was directed by Anthony Mandler and released on November 6, 2008. It premiered in Germany on the TV show "Viva Live". In the video, Akon plays an agent that is on a mission, he has to find a girl (the same from his video "Don't Matter") that has secret information. He remembers the good times that he spent with his new girlfriend, played by Jamican model Cindy Wright, but he sleeps with the girl from "Don't Matter", gets the information and ends the video alone. The actual track begins one minute after the video begins.
Asking Alexandria version.
British metalcore band, Asking Alexandria covered the track for the compilation album "Punk Goes Pop 3", which was released on November 2, 2010. It was available for digital download on September 29, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19382957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382957" title="Strehlow Research Centre">
Strehlow Research Centre

The Strehlow Research Centre is a museum and cultural centre located in Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia. The Research Centre is responsible for the care of the Strehlow Collection of indigenous central Australian ethnographic objects and archival materials.
Established by the government of the Northern Territory in 1991, the centre honours the career of archaeologist Ted Strehlow, whose legacy represents one of the world's most significant collections of material relating to indigenous ceremonial life.
Description.
Services provided by the Strehlow Research Centre include public display galleries within the Araluen Cultural Precinct; maintaining the Strehlow Centre Library, which specialises in publications on central Australian history and anthropology; providing traditional custodians and selected researchers access to the Strehlow collection of films, sound recordings, and archival materials; family history research on behalf of central Australian Aboriginal people including members of Stolen Generations; and the storage of sacred objects on behalf of traditional custodians from central Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19382961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382961" title="Michael S. Longuet-Higgins">
Michael S. Longuet-Higgins

Michael Selwyn Longuet-Higgins FRS (born 1925) is a mathematician and oceanographer at Institute for Nonlinear Science, University of California, San Diego. He is the younger brother of H. Christopher Longuet-Higgins.
Longuet-Higgins introduced the theory of the origin of microseisms and is the inventor of Rhombo blocks.
Education and career.
Longuet-Higgins studied at Winchester College with Freeman Dyson from 1937 to 1941. He graduated in mathematics from the University of Cambridge in 1946, with a Ph.D. in geophysics in 1951. From 1969 to 1989 he served as a Royal Society Research Professor at the University of Cambridge. 
His research areas include both pure mathematics (projective geometry, polytopes, random functions and
surfaces) and applied mathematics (fluid dynamics, microseisms, the generation of ocean waves by wind, the dynamics of bubbles, sonoluminescence, wave breaking, and steep waves).
Personal.
His recreations include music, gardening, and educational toys. He is married, with four children.

</doc>
<doc id="19382966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19382966" title="Property Ladder (UK)">
Property Ladder (UK)

Property Ladder is the original British version of the television series "Property Ladder". Hosted by Sarah Beeny, it follows the journey of amateur property developers as they set out to make a life changing profit from renovating challenging houses.
The show underwent a change in format during 2004 and now features two developments per episode rather than one.
In early 2009, Channel 4 announced that a new series was to be shown, starting on 9 June, it is the first to be filmed in a struggling market and has been re-titled "Property Snakes and Ladders".
Episodes.
Series 6.
property, one in Ewell and the other in Aylesbury.

</doc>
<doc id="19383012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383012" title="List of Hellsing episodes">
List of Hellsing episodes

The episodes of the "Hellsing" anime series premiered on Fuji Television on October 10, 2001 and ran for thirteen episodes until its conclusion on January 16, 2002. Produced by Gonzo, directed by Umanosuke Iida and written by Chiaki J. Konaka, the episodes are based on the characters and settings of the "Hellsing" manga series by Kouta Hirano but lead through a different story. The episodes as a whole detail the works of the Hellsing Organization, a secret anti-paranormal unit under the command of Sir Integra Wingates Hellsing, and its various operatives including the vampire Alucard and his fledgling partner, ex-policewoman Seras Victoria.
The series is licensed for English language release in North America by Geneon Entertainment, in the United Kingdom by ADV Films (although it is no longer licensed since the closure of the company) and in Australia by Madman Entertainment. Geneon's English dub of the series aired in the United States on Starz!'s Encore Action channel from October 4, 2003 to December 27, 2003 and on G4techTV Canada's Anime Current block from August 10 to November 7, 2007 in Canada.
Satelight and Geneon Entertainment began production of an original video animation (OVA) series in 2006. Entitled as Simply "Hellsing" in Japan, and "Hellsing Ultimate" internationally, the OVA episodes more closely follows the source manga and differs from the first series with the divergence of the former based on the latter's episode 5 and 6 as the source manga had not been completed by the time Gonzo produced the TV series. In addition, the Ultimate series includes The Major and his Millennium officers as the main antagonists. The first fifty minute episode was released to Region 2 DVD in Japan on February 10, 2006, with eight episodes released, and two more announced as of August 2011. It is licensed for release in the United States by Geneon USA, with the first episode released on December 5, 2006. Geneon USA stopped self-distribution of its titles in 2007, but remains the series' licensor with Funimation Entertainment taking over its North American distribution of the episodes. Funimation released the fourth episode and re-released the first three episodes on September 23, 2008. In 2010 Funimation Entertainment announced that they have licensed three of the new OVA episodes 5-7 & the original TV series and in 2011 have licensed episodes 1-4 & 8 and these will be released in the USA starting in 2012.
Two pieces of theme music are used for the first Hellsing anime series. "Logos Naki World" ("World without rationality") by Yasushi Ishii is used as the opening theme while Mr. Big's "Shine" is used for the ending theme. For the OVA episodes, the ending of each episode features various instrumental pieces composed by Hayato Matsuo and performed by the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra all the way up to OVA Volume V. OVA VI and VII both feature vocal ending themes performed by Japanese rock group "Suilen", including their song "Magnolia" for OVA VI, and "Shinto-Shite" for OVA VII.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19383016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383016" title="Non-Stop New York">
Non-Stop New York

Non-Stop New York (aka Libson Clipper Mystery) is a 1937 British crime film and science fiction film directed by Robert Stevenson and starring John Loder, Anna Lee and Francis L. Sullivan. It is based on the novel "Sky Steward" by Ken Attiwill. A woman who can clear an innocent man of the charge of murder is pursued by gangsters onto a luxurious transatlantic flying boat.
Plot.
On New Year's Eve 1938, lawyer Billy Cooper notices stranded English showgirl Jennie Carr (Anna Lee) gazing hungrily at other diners' plates and offers to buy her a meal. However, the restaurant is all out of food, so he invites her to his apartment. Before they arrive, Abel, another equally hungry and unemployed person, sneaks in for a chicken leg. Hearing them coming, he hides in a bedroom. When Jennie enters the room to remove her coat, he begs her not to cause trouble. She sympathizes with his plight and says nothing to Billy. 
Just then, Hugo Brant (Francis L. Sullivan), Billy's gangster employer, and his men barge in. They make Jennie leave. When Billy admits that he is quitting, Brant shoots him dead. To get rid of loose ends, Hugo sends Harrigan aboard the ocean liner bound for Southampton with Jennie. He frames Jennie for robbery.
Meanwhile, Abel, who was caught by the building watchman as he tried to sneak out, is tried and sentenced to death for Cooper's murder. The woman he insists can exonerate him is in HM Prison Holloway, unaware of his plight. Hugo and gang member Mortimer travel to England to deal with Jennie.
When Jennie gets out of prison, her mother introduces her to her new tenant, a priest named Mr. Mortimer. After reading in the newspaper about Abel's impending execution, she goes to Scotland Yard, despite Mortimer's warning that she might herself become a suspect. She finds that other women have turned up, all claiming to be the missing witness. Inspector Jim Grant is skeptical, and that turns into certainty when Mortimer shows up and totally discredits her.
Meanwhile, Brant, under the alias of would-be Paraguayan dictator "General Costello", receives a message at his hotel, informing him of the developments. The messenger, Spurgeon (Peter Bull), later sneaks back in and collects the torn up pieces to sell to bookmaker and blackmailer Sam Pryor (Frank Cellier). Treacherously, Spurgeon also tips off Inspector Grant (for a price) that Pryor will be flying to New York on blackmail business.
With only two days before the execution and not enough money to pay for airfare, Jennie sneaks aboard the Atlantic Airlines "Libson Clipper", a giant transatlantic flying boat. The paying passengers include Costello, 14-year-old violin prodigy Arnold James (Desmond Tester) and his aunt Veronica (Athene Seyler), Pryor and Grant. Jennie finds an empty compartment. It turns out to Grant's; while he is deciding what to do when he discovers her, the aircraft takes off. After she leaves, he informs a crewman that he will pay her fare.
When Pryor tries to blackmail Costello, the latter bluffs him into leaving. Pryor then finds out that Jennie has some connection to the inspector; he passes himself off as a Scotland Yard superintendent and learns from her her involvement in the murder. She remarks that one of the perpetrators was able to light a match with one hand, a feat he saw Costello perform. He brings Jennie to Costello's table at dinnertime, but Costello remains outwardly unfazed.
Late that night, by chance, Jennie and Costello are the last ones left in the lounge. He lures the unsuspecting young woman out on the open-air balcony, intending to push her over, but Pryor is watching. Now in a much stronger bargaining position, he demands not £1,000 but £20,000, this time for not interfering with Costello's murderous plan. Costello seemingly gives in to his demand and leads him into the baggage compartment to get the money, but there he shoots the blackmailer dead. There is an unseen witness, however: Arnold. He wakes Grant. Meanwhile, Costello tries to strangle Jennie. When Grant hears her screams, he bursts in, only to be held at gunpoint. Arnold provides a distraction. Costello grabs a parachute, makes his way to the cockpit, locks the door, shoots the pilot and jumps out. With the aircraft careening out of control, Grant goes outside, makes his way across the top of the fuselage clinging to a cable handrail, to the cockpit, and opens the door for the other pilot, who regains control just in time. When Grant radios for a police cordon for Costello, Arnold sheepishly admits he cut out a piece of the parachute to muffle his saxophone (his preferred instrument).
Cast.
As appearing in "Non-Stop New York", (main roles and screen credits identified):
Production.
Largely filmed at Gaumont Graphic studios in Shepherd's Bush, the production relied on a huge flying boat prop, that was realistically created and used for both exterior and interior shots. Recognizing the talent of "specialists at 'make believe'," the film employed the skills of the studio workmen to also build a realistic scale model. 
Reception.
"The New York Times" review called it a "well-staged and moderately entertaining Class B melodrama" featuring "a transatlantic airplane as richly imaginative as a front-cover of Popular Science or a Buck Rogers space ship". A more recent review by Leonard Maltin noted the film was a "... Fast-paced, tongue-in-cheek Hitchcock-like yarn ..." 

</doc>
<doc id="19383026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383026" title="The Passion of Vincent van Gogh">
The Passion of Vincent van Gogh

The Passion of Vincent van Gogh is an opera in three acts and eighteen scenes by composer Christopher Yavelow. The opera was commissioned by the National Endowment for the Arts and composed at the Camargo Foundation in 1983 during a Camargo Fellowship in Cassis, France. The English libretto by the composer is taken from the letters of Vincent van Gogh (with permission from the Vincent van Gogh Foundation), Paul Gauguin's journal, and additional official documents relating to Vincent van Gogh. Each line is footnoted in the score and libretto. A German translation by Monique Fasel appears in both the score and libretto. Research for the opera was supported by the International Research and Exchanges Board (IREX) and by the American Council of Learned Societies and the Social Science Research Council. An abridged version of the opera premiered at the University of Texas at Dallas on April 14, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19383027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383027" title="Bureau of Secret Intelligence">
Bureau of Secret Intelligence

The Bureau of Secret Intelligence (Office of the Chief Special Agent) was founded in 1916. The U.S. Department of State's Bureau of Secret Intelligence, later known as the Office of Security (SY) and now as the U.S. Diplomatic Security Service, was also known as U-1, an off-the-books adjunct to the Division of Information.
The origins of the U.S. State Department's Diplomatic Security Service (DSS) goes back to 1916 with a handful of agents assigned special duties directly by the Secretary of State (SECSTATE), Robert Lansing. 
Lansing, who used MID and Department of the Treasury Secret Service agents to obtain secret information, longed for direct control over his own agents; therefore, in 1916 he created a Bureau of Secret Intelligence. 
President Wilson allowed Lansing and Frank Polk quietly and informally to channel the flow of military and law enforcement material into the State Department's Bureau of Secret Intelligence (U-1). The two men picked a young clerk named Leland Harrison "to take charge of the collection and examination of all information of a secret nature coming into the Department from various sources and also to direct the work of the agents specially employed for that purpose." 
Lansing moved to create this inter-agency “secret service” for the Department of State. Many German and Austrian acts of fraud, propaganda, sabotage, and espionage cut across or fell between the jurisdictions of various U.S. law enforcement agencies. Secretary of the Treasury William McAdoo admitted that the Secret Service, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Post Office Inspection Service were often “crossing wires with another in running down crimes and conducting investigations” of espionage, fraud, and sabotage. To rectify this, Lansing proposed creating an office under the Department of State’s Office of the Counselor to review investigation reports from several law enforcement agencies. 
In proposing this to President Wilson, Lansing contended that given the serious diplomatic consequences involved with
both the act and the investigation, the Department of State should oversee the response and actions of other agencies. Lansing envisioned the proposed office to be a clearinghouse of information, and he hoped that the Departments of Justice and Treasury, and the Postal Service would detail agents to this Bureau of Secret Intelligence to gather information on belligerent activity in the United States.
As Robert Lansing recalled in his memoirs, "The 'Secret Service' of the Department of State was an organization of slow growth during the period when this country was neutral. Prior to that time the Department had no 'Secret Service'. It was found necessary for the Department to conduct some investigations of highly confidential character and for this purpose a few operatives of other departments were detailed to it. Agents were also employed in the other countries.
Headed by a Chief Special Agent, who was also called Special Assistant to the Secretary, these agents worked in Washington, D.C., and New York City. This group of agents would sometimes be referred to as the office of the Chief Special Agent. They were operated with private funds from the Secretary's office. Conducting sensitive investigations, they focused mainly on foreign agents and their activities in the United States.
The assumption is that the name "Office of the Chief Special Agent," which was sometimes used in 1916, and to this day by various information portals to include the Department of State's website, to downplay the bureau's original mission.

</doc>
<doc id="19383029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383029" title="Təzəkənd, Nakhchivan">
Təzəkənd, Nakhchivan

Təzəkənd, Nakhchivan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19383035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383035" title="Battle of Bubaigawara">
Battle of Bubaigawara

The was part of the decisive Kōzuke-Musashi Campaign during the Genkō War in Japan that ultimately ended the Kamakura Shogunate. Fought in present day Fuchū on May 15 and 16, 1333, it pitted the anti-shogunate imperial forces led by Nitta Yoshisada against the forces of the Hōjō. It was the final major battle in Kōzuke-Musashi Campaign and was preceded by the Battle of Kumegawa. 
The battle.
After his victory three days earlier at the Battle of Kumegawa, Nitta Yoshisada took time to rest his horses and men. Meanwhile, the forces loyal to the Shogun retreated to Bubaigawara to regroup. Unbeknownst to Nitta, the Shogun's forces had received reinforcements on the 14th greatly restoring strength and morale.
As the Imperial forces advanced on Bubaigawara on the 15th, the Shogun's forces attacked with a great archery barrage and thus halted the Imperial attack. The main body of the Shogun's army then engaged the Nitta's army, and despite aggressive counterattacks by Nitta, heavy losses forced Nitta to retreat.
Had the Shogunate forces immediately pressed their advantage of the first day, it was likely their victory would have been complete. However, during the night of the 15th, Nitta received critical reinforcements led by Miura Yoshikatsu. And at dawn on the 16th, Miura led his fresh troops and attacked an unsuspecting enemy. Nitta Yoshisada and his brother Nitta Yoshisuke advanced to the front while Miura harassed the enemy from the rear.
The Result.
The battle resulted in a rout in favor of the Nitta brothers and Miura. Although the Shogunate forces held the initial advantage, their failure to exploit it led to defeat.
Aftermath.
The remnants of the Hōjō forces retreated in disarray to Kamakura where they regrouped. The forces led by Nitta pursued and were victorious during the Siege of Kamakura.

</doc>
<doc id="19383036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383036" title="Clematis brachiata">
Clematis brachiata

Clematis brachiata, commonly known as Traveller's Joy, is a hardy, deciduous South African liana belonging to the Ranunculaceae family. 
It tends to clamber to the tops of trees and shrubs, sprawling over the crowns. Leaves are compound with from 1 to 7 leaflets. Attractive fragrant flowers appear in summer. Achenes are covered in fine silky hair. 
This species is common in the Transvaal and kwaZulu-Natal and was first described by Carl Peter Thunberg (1743-1828), the celebrated Swedish naturalist.
"Clema" is Greek for a liane, and the Latin specific name "brachiata" means "provided with arms" since the right-angled and opposite branching habit resembles arms sticking out of a torso.

</doc>
<doc id="19383058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383058" title="Toxic asset">
Toxic asset

Toxic asset is a popular term for certain financial assets whose value has fallen significantly and for which there is no longer a functioning market, so that such assets cannot be sold at a price satisfactory to the holder. Because assets are offset against liabilities and frequently leveraged, this decline in price may be quite dangerous to the holder. The term became common during the Late-2000s financial crisis, in which they continue to play a major role. 
When the market for toxic assets ceases to function, it is described as "frozen." Markets for some toxic assets froze in 2007, and the problem grew much worse in the second half of 2008. Several factors contributed to the freezing of toxic asset markets. The value of the assets were very sensitive to economic conditions, and increased uncertainty in these conditions made it difficult to estimate the value of the assets. Banks and other major financial institutions were unwilling to sell the assets at significantly reduced prices, since lower prices would force them to reduce significantly their stated assets, making them, at least on paper, insolvent.
Origin.
The term was in limited use at least as early as 2006, and may have been coined by or popularized by Angelo Mozilo, founder of Countrywide Financial, who used the term "toxic" to describe certain mortgage products in emails in spring of 2006, as revealed in SEC filings:
Regarding Countrywide's subprime 80/20 loans:
Market freeze.
When the supply and demand of a good equal each other, so buyers and sellers are matched, one says that the "market clears".
Classical economics and neoclassical economics posit that market clearing happens by the price adjusting—upwards if demand exceeds supply and downwards if supply exceeds demand. Therefore, it reaches equilibrium at a price that both buyers and sellers will accept, and, in the absence of outside interference (in a free market), this will happen.
This has not happened for many types of financial assets during the financial crisis that began in 2007, hence one speaks of "the market breaking down".
One can explain this alternately as the price not adjusting down—the price is too high, with supply being too high, or alternatively demand being too low, or by the theory of an equilibrium price not holding—the price at which sellers will sell is higher than the price at which buyers will buy.
Prior to the crisis, banks and other financial institutions had invested significant amounts of money in complicated financial assets, such as collateralized debt obligations and credit default swaps. The value of these assets was very sensitive to economic factors, such as housing prices, default rates, and financial-market liquidity. Prior to the crisis, the value of these assets had been estimated, using the prevailing economic data. 
When it became clear that such conditions would not continue, it was no longer clear how much revenue the assets were likely to generate and, hence, how much the assets were worth. Since the assets were typically very sensitive to economic conditions, even relatively small uncertainties in the economic conditions could lead to large uncertainties in the value of the assets, which made it difficult for buyers and sellers in the market to agree on prices. 
Furthermore, banks and other large financial institutions were reluctant to accept lower prices for these assets, since lower prices would force them to recalculate the total value of their assets, and, if the loss was sufficiently large, force them to declare a negative total value. Several banks in the autumn of 2008 were forced to accept buy-outs or mergers because it was believed that they were in this situation. This re-evaluation of total assets based on prevailing market prices is known as mark-to-market pricing. The term "zombie bank" was introduced to describe banks, which would have become bankrupt if their assets had been revalued at realistic levels. Toxic assets, by increasing the variance of banks' assets, can turn otherwise healthy institutions into zombies. Potentially solvent banks will make too few good loans. This is the debt overhang problem. Alternatively, potentially insolvent banks with toxic assets will seek out very risky speculative loans to shift risk onto their depositors and other creditors. 
Further, insolvent banks with toxic assets are unwilling to accept significant reductions in the price of the toxic assets, but potential buyers were unwilling to pay prices anywhere near the loans's face value. With potential sellers and buyers unable to agree on prices, the markets froze with no transactions occurring. In some cases, markets remained frozen for several months.
Geithner attempt at bail-out.
On March 23, 2009, U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner announced a Public-Private Investment Partnership (PPIP) to buy toxic assets from banks. The major stock market indexes in the United States rallied on the day of the announcement, rising by over six percent with the shares of bank stocks leading the way. PPIP has two primary programs. The Legacy Loans Program will attempt to buy residential loans from bank's balance sheets. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)] will provide non-recourse loan guarantees for up to 85 percent of the purchase price of legacy loans. Private sector asset managers and the U.S. Treasury will provide the remaining assets. The second program is called the legacy securities program, which will buy mortgage backed securities (RMBS) that were originally rated AAA and commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) and asset-backed securities (ABS) which are rated AAA. The funds will come in many instances in equal parts from the U.S. Treasury's Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) monies, private investors, and from loans from the Federal Reserve's Term Asset Lending Facility (TALF). The initial size of the Public Private Investment Partnership is projected to be $500 billion. Economist and Nobel Prize winner Paul Krugman has been very critical of this program, arguing that the non-recourse loans lead to a hidden subsidy that will be split by asset managers, bank shareholders, and creditors. Banking analyst Meridith Whitney argues that banks will not sell bad assets at fair market values because they are reluctant to take asset write downs. Removing toxic assets would also reduce the upward volatility of banks' stock prices. Because stock is a call option on a firm's assets, this lost volatility will hurt the stock price of distressed banks. Therefore, such banks will only sell toxic assets at above market prices. 
However, that argument ignores the possibility of simultaneously adjusting bank liabilities by legislation or regulation, as requested in the September, 2009, $24 billion plan proposed by FDIC chair Sheila Bair, which would have shielded shareholders but could have led to non-astronomical management bonuses. Bair's plan was never implemented. Because the number of commercial bankruptcy filings continues to increase, there is evidence for negative feedback pressure indicating that toxic assets still need to be addressed.
Types of assets.
An example of a market which froze is the Canadian ABCP ("asset-backed credit paper") market. The term "toxic asset" is generally associated with financial instruments like CDOs ("collatoralized debt obligations", assets generated from the resale of portions of a banks mortgages), CDS ("credit default swaps"), and the subprime mortgage market -particular the lower tranches-, but the term does not have a precise definition.
Related terms.
Prior to the start of the financial crisis, the term "toxic waste" was used to describe the lowest tranch of the subprime mortgage market. Legacy assets is a euphemism coined by Robert Gibbs as an attempted re-branding of toxic assets.
Toxic security is the name applied during the aftermath of the subprime meltdown to financial instruments which cannot be readily identified as an asset or a liability. According to George Soros, "the toxic securities in question are not homogeneous.". One example would be a credit default swap that entitles the holder to a regular stream of small payments but obliges the holder to make a large payment if a specified event occurs. John Gapper describes one such instrument, a "tail risk" swap:
"...finance gave banks and others more chances to take on “tail risk”. This is an insurance-like trading strategy: one institution writes swaps or options that provide it with regular payments in exchange for taking another’s risk of default. In most cases, this produces profits, but occasionally it is disastrous."
The right to receive a stream of payments is accounted for as an asset. The obligation to make a payment is accounted for as a liability. In the case of a credit default swap, the number and amount of payments in and out is subject to an undetermined risk. 
The net value of the expected cash flows is calculable by reference to a model, but the calculations require a degree of confidence in the probabilities of the named event occurring which may be unwarranted. "There is no doubt there could be disagreement on what the fair value for these securities is,” said Lawrence Levine, director at RSM McGladrey.

</doc>
<doc id="19383091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383091" title="100% Lea Gives Her Best">
100% Lea Gives Her Best

100% Lea Gives Her Best is a cross-promotion with the company Creamsilk which featured a mix of Lea Salonga songs from various albums and the promotional Creamsilk song, "100%".

</doc>
<doc id="19383106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383106" title="Advance Steel">
Advance Steel

Advance Steel is a CAD software application for 3D modeling and detailing of steel structures and automatic creation of fabrication drawings, bill of materials and NC files, was developed by GRAITEC, but is now an Autodesk product. The software is able to run on its own CAD platform as well on AutoCAD.
Features.
The application supports all basic AutoCAD concepts and functions (snap points, grip points, copy, etc.). When running on its own CAD platform, the application provides the same capabilities as running on AutoCAD. Advance Steel CAD platform serves both as a graphic engine and an object oriented database. Compliancy is assured between versions of Advance Steel running on its own CAD platform and running on AutoCAD.
The Advance Steel information is stored in DWG format.
The application includes AutoLisp (enhancing standard AutoLisp to include Advance Steel commands) and COM (VBA, C++) programming interfaces. This means that users can create their own customized macros for specialist requirements.
Advance Steel imports and exports to the following file formats:
The main functions of Advance Steel concern:
Advance Steel provides instruments for modeling complex structures such as straight and spiral stairs, railings, ladders, etc. The program creates all necessary documents (including NC files) for the stair fabrication.
Specific features.
Parametric steel connections
Advance Steel has a library of more than 300 preset parametric steel connections to connect Advance elements grouped in the following categories: beam end to end joints, base plate joints, general bracing joints, cantilever beam to column joints, plate joints, clip angle joints, pylon joints, tube brace joints, purlin joints, stiffener joints, turnbuckle bracings, etc.
The user creates all connecting elements by a single operation. At the same time, the connected elements are processed (shortened, coped, etc.). The software allows users to customize the connections:
Joint Design engine
The software dimensions and checks joints according to Eurocodes 3 standards and AISC North American standards. A design report can be created.
Drawing styles
Based on a 3D-model, dimensioned and labeled 2D general arrangement and shop drawings can be automatically created using drawing styles. The drawings are created in separate DWG files; however they are linked to track changes. Thus, the drawings can be updated after any model modifications and the drawing revision can be managed.
The software has a variety of predefined drawing styles for the creation of general arrangement drawings and shop drawings for single parts and assemblies. A drawing style is a set of rules used to create a detail drawing and defines the elements that are displayed including labeling and dimensioning preferences.
Drawing styles provide the option to automatically create drawings and to modify the layout exactly to user requirements. Drawing styles are used in a similar way to AutoCAD dimension styles, line styles, etc. The predefined drawing styles are different for each installation and country. Custom drawing styles can also be defined.
Software compatibility.
The application is compatible with: 
Software interoperability.
Advance Steel integrates GRAITEC's data synchronization technology, "GTC" (GRAITEC Transfer Center). This technology offers:
GTC is Graitec’s solution for CAD / Design software interoperability and integration specialized in creating and handling a BIM (Building Information Model).

</doc>
<doc id="19383111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383111" title="Joseph Griffin">
Joseph Griffin

Joseph Griffin is the name of a Hollywood actor from Canada, and of a US police advisor killed in Afghanistan.
Joseph Griffin (police advisor).
Joseph Griffin of Mansfield, Ga was a US police advisor who was killed in Kabul, Afghanistan December 2012 by Afghan policewoman Sgt. Nargis. Various theories of her motives were that she might have been an Iranian agent who had an Iranian passport at home, or she was mentally ill. She told interrogators she "went to work aiming to kill someone important, and that she did not much care who"
Joseph Luna Griffin.
(Joseph Luna Griffin) is a Hollywood actor from Canada, born on 16 August 1963 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
His filmography:

</doc>
<doc id="19383152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383152" title="Tonkin Gulf Yacht Club">
Tonkin Gulf Yacht Club

Tonkin Gulf Yacht Club was a tongue-in-cheek nickname for the United States Seventh Fleet during the Vietnam War. All through the war in Vietnam, the Seventh Fleet engaged in combat operations against enemy forces through attack carrier air strikes, naval gunfire support, amphibious operations, patrol and reconnaissance operations and mine warfare.
History.
The name "Tonkin Gulf Yacht Club" was used from 1961 when the Seventh Fleet arrived to the waters off Vietnam and carried out most of its operations from the Gulf of Tonkin. This included aircraft operations at Yankee Station and destroyers and cruisers along the coast on the "gun line". After the 1973 cease-fire, the Fleet conducted mine countermeasure operations in the coastal waterways of North Vietnam. Two years later, ships and aircraft of the Fleet evacuated thousands of US citizens and refugees from South Vietnam and Cambodia as those countries fell to opposing forces. The fleet departed in 1975. 
Although the insignia for the Tonkin Gulf Yacht Club always remained unofficial, it became very popular. It is present in a wide range of Vietnam War military memorabilia. The yellow and red background colors are those of the flag of the Republic of Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="19383164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383164" title="A Game Called Chaos">
A Game Called Chaos

A Game Called Chaos is a Hardy Boys novel. It was first published in 2000.
Game designer Steven Royal, creator of a game series called CHAOS, suddenly disappears. Frank and Joe Hardy take on the case, running into trouble along the way.

</doc>
<doc id="19383168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383168" title="Damian Lanigan">
Damian Lanigan

Damian Lanigan is a British writer. He has written two novels - "Stretch 29" and "The Chancers". He is the writer and series creator of BBC Three sitcom Massive. He wrote the play "Dissonance", which debuted at the Williamstown Theater Festival in 2007 before being premiered in New York at the Bay Street Theater, Sag Harbor in 2010.
References.
In 2012, Damian wrote and starred in a sitcom called 'Hamsters'.

</doc>
<doc id="19383177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383177" title="Brian Fletcher">
Brian Fletcher

Brian Fletcher (born 1948) is an English Jockey notable for riding the horse Red Rum to win the Grand National in 1973 and 1974 and for second place in 1975. He first won the Grand National at the age of 19, in 1968 riding Red Alligator. He retired in 1976 with head injury. Apart from Ernie Piggott, (Lester Piggott's grandfather) and George Stevens (who won five times in the 19th century) Brian Fletcher is the only jockey to have won the Grand National three times. Winning the Scottish National in 1974. His winning, record time on Red Rum in the 1973 Grand National was to stand for 17 years till beaten by Mr. Frisk ridden by Marcus Armytage.
Personal life.
Fletcher was born and brought up in the Cockfield area of County Durham. He now farms sheep and breeding Welsh Cobs on a farm in Carmarthenshire, Wales. Since his move to Wales, Brian Fletcher takes part in Harness Racing, winning driving Hendre Harrier in September 2004 at Ammanford and occasionally is invited as VIP to racing meets in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19383199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383199" title="Hjúki and Bil">
Hjúki and Bil

In Norse mythology, Hjúki (Old Norse, possibly meaning "the one returning to health") and Bil (Old Norse, literally "instant") are a brother and sister pair of children who follow the personified moon, Máni, across the heavens. Both Hjúki and Bil are solely attested in the "Prose Edda", written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson. Scholarly theories that surround the two concern their nature, their role as potential personifications of the craters on the moon or its phases, and their relation to later folklore in Germanic Europe. Bil has been identified with the Bilwis, an agriculture-associated figure that is frequently attested in the folklore of German-speaking areas of Europe.
Attestations.
In chapter 11 of the "Prose Edda" book "Gylfaginning", the enthroned figure of High states that two children by the names of Hjúki and Bil were fathered by Viðfinnr. Once while the two were walking from the well Byrgir (Old Norse "Hider of Something") — both of them carrying on their shoulders the pole Simul (Old Norse, possibly meaning "eternal") that held the pail Sæg between them — Máni took them from the earth, and they now follow Máni in the heavens, "as can be seen from the earth".
Hjúki is otherwise unattested, but Bil receives other mentions. In chapter 35 of "Gylfaginning", at the end of a listing of numerous other goddesses in Norse mythology, both Sól (the personified sun) and Bil are listed together as goddesses "whose nature has already been described". Bil appears twice more in the "Prose Edda" book "Skáldskaparmál". In chapter 75, Bil appears within another list of goddesses, and her name appears in chapter 47 in a kenning for "woman".
Theories.
Identification and representation.
As the two are otherwise unattested outside of Snorri's "Prose Edda", suggestions have been made that Hjúki and Bil may have been of minor mythic significance, or that they were made up outright by Snorri, while Anne Holtsmark (1945) posits that Snorri may have known or had access to a now lost verse source wherein Hjúki and Bil personified the waxing and waning moon. Holtsmark further theorizes that Bil may have been a dís (a type of female deity).
Scholars have theorized that Hjúki and Bil may represent lunar activity, including that they may represent the phases of the moon or may represent the craters of the moon. 19th century scholar Jacob Grimm rejects the suggestion that Hjúki and Bil represent the phases of the moon, and states that Hjúki and Bil rather represent the craters on the moon seen from the earth. Grimm says that the evidence for this "is plain from the figure itself. No "change" of the moon could suggest the image of "two children" with a "pail slung over their shoulders". Moreover, to this day the Swedish people see in the "spots" of the moon two persons carrying a big "bucket on a pole"." Grimm adds that:
Grimm gives further examples from Germanic folklore up until the time of his writing (the 19th century) and notes a potential connection between the German word "wadel" (meaning the full moon) and the dialectal employment of the word for "brushwood, twigs tied up in a bundle, esp fir-twigs, "wadeln" to tie up brushwood", and the practice of cutting wood out in the full moon. Benjamin Thorpe agrees with the theory of Hjúki and Bil as the personified shapes of moon craters.
Rudolf Simek states that the obscurity of the names of the objects in the tale of Hjúki and Bil may indicate that Snorri derived them from a folktale, and that the form of the tale of the Man in the Moon (featuring a man with a pole and a woman with a bushel) is also found in modern folklore in Scandinavia, England, and Northern Germany.
In both the story Hjúki and Bil found in the Icelandic "Prose Edda" and the English nursery rhyme "Jack and Jill", two children, one male and one female, fetch a pail of water, and the pairs have names that have been perceived as phonetically similar. These elements have resulted in theories connecting the two, and the notion has had some influence, appearing in school books for children from the 19th century and into the 20th century. A traditional form of the rhyme reads:
Bilwis.
A figure by the name of "Bilwis" is attested in various parts of German-speaking Europe starting in the 13th century. Scholar Leander Petzoldt writes that the figure seems to stem from the goddess and over time saw many changes, later developing "an elfin, dwarfish aspect and the ability to to cripple people or cattle with the shot of an arrow" (such as in Wolfram von Eschenbach's 13th century poem "Willehalm"). Petzoldt further surveys the development of the figure:
During the course of the thirteenth century, the Bilwis is less and less frequently treated as the personification of a supernatural power but becomes increasingly identified as a malevolent human being, a witch. Still later, with the rise of the witch persecution at the end of the Middle Ages, the Bilwis was demonized; she becomes an incarnation of the devil for the witch and sorcerer. A final development has taken place since the sixteenth century, especially in northeast Germany, the Bilwis has been conceived of as a grain spirit bringing wealth; yet this latest manifestation of the Bilwis has its harmful side, the Bilwis-cutter, who is blamed for the unexplained patters that are formed among the rows of standing grain. The cutter is a sorcerer or witch that cuts down the corn with sickles that are fastened to its feet. He is classified as an essentially malevolent Corn Spirit. Thus, the Bilwis is exceedingly polymorphous, taking on many appearances and meaning in all German-speaking areas throughout the Middle Ages. The Bilwis is one of the strangest and most mysterious beings in all folklore; its varying forms reflect the concerns of a farm culture, and it serves to explain the eerie appearance of turned-down rows of plants in cornfields.
Toponyms.
The village of Bilsby in Lincolnshire, England (from which the English surname "Billing" derives) has been proposed as having been named after Bil.

</doc>
<doc id="19383207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383207" title="Grane">
Grane

Grane may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19383213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383213" title="Juli Grbac">
Juli Grbac

Juli Grbac (born 1978) is an Australian fashion designer who was the first winner of "Project Runway Australia".
Hailing from Brisbane, Grbac studied fashion design at Gateway TAFE in Brisbane and later went on to study fashion design at London's School of St Martin's. Grbac developed a love of fashion at a very young age and was taught to sew by her Mother who also worked as a dressmaker. Upon her return from London, Grbac worked as a hand sewer for various companies, including luxury brand Easton and Pearson, before starting her own label "Grbac" in 2002.
"Grbac" was stocked in some of Australia's most high end retail stores including Jean Brown Robe. Grbac also opened a stand alone store in the TC Beirne Centre in Fortitude Valley's Brunswick Street Mall which closed two years later.
Most famously, Grbac went on to win the first ever season of "Project Runway Australia". Her most legendary dress was the one she created for singer Kelly Rowland as part of a "Project Runway Australia" challenge. Kelly Rowland went on to wear the custom made dress at a concert for Prince Albert of Monaco in Cannes, France.
As part her "Project Runway Australia" prize, Grbac had her designs modelled at the L'Oréal Melbourne Fashion Week in 2009, which received rave reviews, as well as a 6 page spread in Madison Magazine.
Grbac's latest project is the uniform re-design of international airline Virgin Australia, a true testament to her beautiful designs and hard work. Grbac took inspiration from "the glamour of flying in the 1960s but gave it contemporary edge". In 2011, the new uniforms which included a women's red shift dress and a men's three piece suit, were unveiled with a catwalk show featuring Elle Macpherson and 60 Virgin Australia crew members. The uniforms are now a true representation of the Virgin Australia brand, glamourous, elegant and fun.

</doc>
<doc id="19383236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383236" title="Past and Present Danger">
Past and Present Danger

Past and Present Danger is a Hardy Boys novel. It was first published in 2001.
Clayton Silvers was once a well-known figure in investigative reporting, then he was charged with bribery and fraud. He has returned to Bayport, but an old high-school friend defends his case: Gertrude Hardy, Frank and Joe's aunt. Now, Frank and Joe do not know who to trust, but, as the level of danger escalates, they must choose or pay the price.

</doc>
<doc id="19383242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383242" title="Darkend">
Darkend

Darkend (or Dark End) is an Italian symphonic black metal band. According to the band itself, the genre of their music is referred to as "Extreme Ritual Metal", which best describes the band's musical and visual outcome and highlights the most relevant sides of their style.
History.
Darkend was founded in 2006 by guitarist Imajes and drummer Valentz. Later that year Antarktica joined as keyboardist and the band gave their first live performances. The first album "Damned Woman and A Carcass" was recorded in the same year, with Valentz as temporary vocalist.
In April 2007 an important turn in the band's history occurred when Animæ joined as vocalist. In the same year Nekromantik Records released "Damned Woman and a Carcass", which was later remastered by Deadsun Records for distribution in Europe and North America.
In 2008 Darkend performed in their homeland Italy, with bands such as Marduk, Impaled Nazarene and Stormlord.
In 2009 the line-up changed again with the admission of two new members: Specter as bass player and Ashes as guitarist. 2010 saw the release of their second album "Assassine" under the label Crash & Burn Records, now with Animæ in charge of the vocals for the first time.
In May 2011 Darkend did their first European tour with Rotting Christ. In September they supported Samael, Melechesh and Keep of Kalessin on "Lux Mundi World Tour".
In October, Nothingness replaced Imajes on guitar and the band thus assumed their current configuration.
At the end of February 2012 "Grand Guignol - Book I" was released in special limited edition with the support of the Arcane Witchcraft Coven esoteric order, which decided to finance the release in exchange for exclusive ritualistic music by Darkend.
In November Darkend participated in the Creatures From the Black Abyss Tour in Europe with Cradle of Filth, Rotting Christ and God Seed.

</doc>
<doc id="19383257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383257" title="Super Bikes!">
Super Bikes!

Super Bikes! is a television show that first aired on Speed Channel in 2006. It follows popular American stunt rider Jason Britton as he goes around the country to check out the sport bike scene. The show mostly showcases stunt riding and stunting competitions, but it also delves into other aspects of the sport bike culture and motor sports in general.

</doc>
<doc id="19383278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383278" title="TASPO (Steelband)">
TASPO (Steelband)

The Trinidad All-Steel Percussion Orchestra (TASPO) was formed to participate in the Festival of Britain in 1951. The group was the first steelband to travel abroad from Trinidad and Tobago, presenting the newly invented steelpan to an international audience.
Members of TASPO.
Lieutenant Joseph Nathaniel Griffith was the conductor of the band. Griffith was originally part of the Trinidad Police Band.
On 6 July 1951, TASPO left Trinidad for England on the SS "San Mateo". Carlton "Sonny" Roach fell ill and was left behind in Martinique. The steelband performed at the South Bank, London, on 26 July 1951, as well as elsewhere in Britain and in Paris. TASPO returned to Trinidad on 12 December 1951, the only exception being Sterling Betancourt, who stayed in London. Betancourt has been vitally involved in building up Notting Hill Carnival.

</doc>
<doc id="19383284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383284" title="J26">
J26

J26 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19383295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383295" title="Letov L-101">
Letov L-101

__NOTOC__
The Letov L-101 was an airliner designed in Czechoslovakia shortly after the end of the Second World War. It was to have been a 12-seat twin-engine feederliner, built using German engines left over from Czechoslovakia's occupation. The Letov factory was nationalised on 24 October 1945, and the L-101 was its first project, along with finishing work on the Junkers Ju 290.
As designed, the L-101 was a conventional cantilever low-wing monoplane. The structure throughout was to be of metal, and skinned in metal except for fabric covering for the rudder and elevators. The tailwheel undercarriage was fully retractable, with the main units retracting rearwards into the engine nacelles. The flight crew of two had a flight deck separate from the passenger cabin.
However, following the Communist coup of 1948, the various Czechoslovakian aircraft and automotive manufacturers were amalgamated under CZAL, and work on the L-101 project did not proceed under the new regime.

</doc>
<doc id="19383307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383307" title="The Castle Conundrum">
The Castle Conundrum

The Castle Conundrum is a Hardy Boys novel. It was first published in 2001.
The Hardys head to France to help in the construction of a center for children, thanks to Teen Village International, a worldwide, non-profit organization. But the Hardys soon realize that the castle next door is supposedly haunted. The Hardys soon realize that someone is after the treasure hidden inside the castle, and now, the Hardys must find out who, before he or she gets rid of them for good.

</doc>
<doc id="19383326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383326" title="Mana the Polynesian Warrior">
Mana the Polynesian Warrior

Nikora Mana Tuhakaraina (born 7 April 1978) is a New Zealand professional wrestler, better known by his ringname Mana the Polynesian Warrior. He competes in North American independent promotions including Ballpark Brawl, Combat Zone Wrestling, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, Major League Wrestling, the National Wrestling Alliance, Pro Wrestling Unplugged and World Xtreme Wrestling. He has also teamed with Samu as the Samoan Island Tribe in Mikey Whipwreck's New York Wrestling Connection as well as both Major League Wrestling and World Xtreme Wrestling.
Early life.
Tuhakaraina was one of eight children born a poor Māori family in the small village of Waharoa. His family belongs to the Raungaiti, a small tribe belonging to the Ngāti Hauā. When he was six years old, his father died and he was thereafter raised by his mother. Like his brothers, Tuhakaraina was involved in rugby since the age of four and played for Waikato Secondary School and Matamata College. Among his teammates during this time included star rugby union players Keith Lowen, Bruce Reihana, Damian Karauna, Jason Spice and Nicky Little. In 1994, he trialed for the New Zealand under-19s with All Blacks players Anton Oliver, Christian Cullen, Carlos Spencer, Carl Hoeft, Chris Jack and Marty Holah.
Professional wrestling career.
Early interest in wrestling and training.
A wrestling fan when he was younger, Tuhakaraina often watched WWF Superstars of Wrestling and was in attendance at a World Wrestling Federation event in Hamilton when Don Muraco, Jim Powers and Dynamite Kid during a WWF tour of New Zealand. After seeing WrestleMania IV, he became a fan of The British Bulldogs, The Hart Foundation, Demolition, The Islanders and especially the Samoan Swat Team. Tuhakaraina would team with both members, Samu and Fatu, later in his career.
While living on Perth, Australia, Tuhakaraina met wrestler Sione Vailahi who advised him to attend Afa Anoa'i's "Wild Samoan Pro Wrestling Training Center" in Allentown, Pennsylvania. He corresponded via e-mail with Anoa'i for several months while building scaffolds with two of his brothers and his nephew in western Australia. He arrived in the United States not long after and lived with Salvatore Bellomo while training at the wrestling school. Training consisted of 1,000 squats, 100 sit-ups, 100 leg raises and 200 pushups before entering the ring with instructor Moondog Molsonn. Along with additional training from Anoa'i and Samula Anoa'i, Tuhakaraina graduated early from the program within 60 days breaking the previous record set by Billy Kidman at 96 days. He also became close friends with fellow graduates Tommy Suede and Supreme Lee Great while training at the school.
World Xtreme Wrestling.
Introduced as a villain, Tuhakaraina made his professional debut in World Xtreme Wrestling defeating easily defeating his opponent, a masked wrestler aptly named Guy In A Mask. Tuhakaraina proved so popular with the crowd, that he would wrestle as a fan favorite for much of his early career. He also began performing the "Haka", a Māori war dance, prior to his matches. Some of his first opponents in his first years on the independent circuit included WWF veterans Virgil, King Kong Bundy, Tito Santana and Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka, ECW's Gary Wolfe, Tommy Dreamer and The Sandman as well Dave Batista and Lo Ki. He has also faced members of the Anoa'i wrestling family Samu, Rikishi and 3 Minute Warning (Rosey and Jamal).
A month after the 11 September attacks, he was denied a six month extension on his work visa by the Immigration and Naturalization Service. Although forced to remain in New Zealand for some time, he eventually returned to active competition in early-2003 as one half of the Samoan Island Tribe with Samu.
On 28 April, he defeated Gene Snisky for the WXW Heavyweight Championship in Mountainville, Pennsylvania. Although he lost the championship to Rapid Fire Maldonado in Sciota, Pennsylvania two months later, he regained the title at "SportsFest '04" in Allentown on 9 July. With nearly 8,000 in attendance, Tuhakaraina pinned Maldonado with a Samoan drop from the second rope. He was immediately attacked by Rob Dimension's Ivy League Havoc stable, led by newly crowned WXW Television Champion Boogaloo, before Dave Batista cleared the ring. His second reign lasted nearly three months before losing the title to Sinister X in a three-way match with L.A. Smooth on 29 October 2004.
In February 2005, he and John Cabbie would represent WXW in Chikara's "2005 World Tag Grand Prix" and were eliminated by F.I.S.T. (Gran Akuma and Icarus) in the opening rounds. During the next two years, Tuhakaraina would be involved in feuds with several former ECW wrestlers Balls Mahoney, Steve Corino and, in 2006, against Abyss. On 25 February 2006, he took part in the "2006 World Tag Grand Prix" with Larry Sweeney but was eliminated by Team DDT (KUDO and MIKAMI) in the opening rounds once again.
Other promotions.
As part of the Samoan Island Tribe with Samu, he defeated The S.A.T. (Jose and Joel Maximo) at "MLW Revolution" although they lost to them in a rematch at "MLW Hybrid Hell". On 10 January 2004, he and Samu lost to The Extreme Horsemen (CW Anderson and Simon Diamond) at "MLW Reloaded #2". On 8 April, Tuhakaraina teamed with former enemies The SAT and Guillotine Legrande in an 8-man tag team match against Greg Spitz, Mark Mest, Rapid Fire Maldonado and Rockin Rebel at a show for Pro Wrestling WORLD-1. Losing to Dustin Rhodes the following night, he and Guillotine Legrande defeated the Christopher Street Connection on 10 April.
On 25 February 2005, Tuhakaraina defeated Tony DeVito and The Sandman in a no disqualification three-way dance at a show for Pro Wrestling Unplugged. He appeared for Frank Goodman's USA Xtreme Wrestling the next night where he and Axl Rotten fought to a no-contest. At the debut show for MWA, he and Supreme Lee Great defeated Nikolai Volkoff and The Patriot. That same year, he lost to Mike Quackenbush but later beat Josh Daniels and Mike Kruel.
On 26 March 2006 he lost to Bobby Roode in a four-way match for the vacant CSWF Heavyweight Championship in Dover, New Jersey. The other participants were Matt Bentley and Rodney Mack. He had brief stints in a number of independent promotions throughout 2006, including Combat Zone Wrestling, NWA Cyberspace and Mikey Whipwreck's New York Wrestling Connection.
Touring Australia with the Australian Wrestling Federation during the summer of 2007, Tuhakaraina lost to AWF Heavyweight Champion TNT on 24 August. He also lost to Steve Ravenous the following night. He wrestled for the Southern Hemisphere Wrestling Alliance (SHWA), and ran the wrestling school for a number of months before establishing NHPW as a separate federation. He now wrestles for New Horizons Professional Wrestling in Australia.
Retirement.
Tuhakaraina competed in his final match at NHPW Final Chapter on 20 November 2010 after losing to Tama Williams and Headshrinker Samu in a Xtreme Tribal Warfare Triple Threat Match. He was pinned by Williams after an Air New Zealand Splash through a Barbed Wire Board to retain his NHPW Art of Fighting Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19383343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383343" title="Victor Arbekov">
Victor Arbekov

Victor Arbekov is a Russian former Grand Prix motocross world champion.
In 1964, Arbekov finished the 250cc motocross world championship in third place behind Joel Robert and Torsten Hallman. The following year, he defeated Robert to win the 1965 F.I.M. 250cc world championship, on a CZ motorcycle.

</doc>
<doc id="19383349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383349" title="Qal">
Qal

Qal can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19383362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383362" title="Pierre Pansu">
Pierre Pansu

Pierre Pansu (born 13 July 1959) is a French mathematician and a member of the Arthur Besse group and a close collaborator of Mikhail Gromov. He is a professor at the Université Paris-Sud 11 and the École Normale Supérieure in Paris. His main research field is geometry.

</doc>
<doc id="19383370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383370" title="2000 Independence Bowl">
2000 Independence Bowl

The 2000 Sanford Independence Bowl, part of the 2000–01 NCAA football bowl season, took place on December 31, 2000 at Independence Stadium in Shreveport, Louisiana. The competing teams were the Mississippi State Bulldogs, representing the Southeastern Conference, and the Texas A&M Aggies from the Big 12 Conference.
A freak snowstorm began just before kickoff, blanketing the field in powder; the entire game was played under extremely wintry conditions, a rarity for Shreveport. Mississippi St. won the bowl in overtime, 43–41.
Game summary.
Prior to the game, the Bulldogs (8-4) had not scored in overtime in regular-season losses to Louisiana State and Arkansas. And things looked bleak for Mississippi State after Texas A&M's Ja'Mar Toombs rambled 25 yards for a touchdown on the first play of overtime.
But defensive tackle Willie Blade blocked the extra point. Eugene Clinton grabbed the ball and lateraled to Julius Griffith, who went the distance to cut the deficit to 41-37.
"They were blocking down on me, but I kept fighting and fighting to get through and finish the play," Blade said.
On the Bulldogs' first play from scrimmage, Madkin turned a busted play into a 19-yard gain. After Dontae Walker lost a yard, Madkin went up the middle from the 7-yard line to give Mississippi State its second straight bowl win after four consecutive losses.
"All I know is that I broke containment and I was trying to stretch (the ball) out as far as I could," Madkin said. "I knew I had scored when my teammates started to jump on me."
Playing in a steady snow that obscured the yard markers and made footing treacherous, Madkin completed 9-of-19 passes for 71 yards and a pair of touchdowns. Walker carried 16 times for 143 yards and three scores.
"There might have been a different football game under normal conditions, but our team just never gave up," said Mississippi State coach Jackie Sherrill, who held the same post at Texas A&M from 1982-88. "I was surprised both teams scored as many points as we did in the snow."
Toombs set a Texas A&M bowl record with 35 carries for 193 yards and three TDs. The yardage was the second-highest total in Aggies' bowl history, trailing only the 276 Curtis Dickey rolled up in the 1978 Hall of Fame Bowl.
"I haven't given the records any thought," Toombs said. "I'm a team guy and my only concern is the team."
Trailing 21-20 after three quarters, Texas A&M grabbed the lead on a 35-yard touchdown pass from Mark Farris to Bethel Johnson. Richard Whitaker ran for the two-point conversion and Toombs scored on a 13-yard run to give the Aggies a 35-21 cushion.
Just over a minute later, Walker broke off a 32-yard touchdown. With less than three minutes remaining, safety Marco Minor intercepted Farris at the Aggies' 4-yard line. Madkin threw a three-yard TD toss to Donald Lee to tie it with 90 seconds left.
"I saw our defensive line going in pretty hard and my guy stopped," Minor said. "So I just stepped in front of him as soon as possible to make a play. That's what I did."
Whitaker and Toombs ran for first-quarter touchdowns to stake Texas A&M to a 14-0 lead. The Bulldogs tied it in the second as Walker raced 40 yards for a score (video) and Madkin found Dicenzo Miller for a five-yard TD.
The Aggies took a 20-14 lead into the locker room after Farris and Robert Ferguson hooked up for a 42-yard touchdown.
Texas A&M has lost four straight and seven of its last eight bowl appearances.
"People talked all week about how evenly matched Texas A&M and Mississippi State were. At the end of 60 minutes of play, the score was tied, and when the game was over, only two points separated the teams so they were obviously right," Aggies coach R.C. Slocum said. "It's a bitter feeling for us and I'm sure Mississippi State is feeling pretty good on their side."
Sherrill, the winningest coach in Mississippi State history, improved to 2-4 in bowl games with the Bulldogs and 8-6 overall. Slocum, who has won 78 percent of his games at Texas A&M, fell to 2-8 in bowls.
About 30 minutes before kickoff snow blew into Shreveport with strong wind whipping from one end zone to the other. The game started with the synthetic grass field a mix of green and white. By the second quarter, the turf was blanketed by snow. Plows were used during timeouts to make the goal lines, end lines and hash marks visible.
As the snow fell throughout the game, at times it came down so hard it made watching the game like looking through television static. Many of the 36,974 fans at Independence Stadium left at halftime.

</doc>
<doc id="19383400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383400" title="Vernon Knowles">
Vernon Knowles

Vernon Knowles (1899-1968) was an Australian author, born in Adelaide.
He attended the University of Western Australia but did not complete a degree. With some encouragement from Walter Murdoch, he turned to writing. He became an expatriate, living mostly in England.

</doc>
<doc id="19383418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383418" title="Pariyanempatta Bhagavathi Temple">
Pariyanempatta Bhagavathi Temple

The Pariyanempatta Bhagavathi Temple is one of the famous temples of Kerala, dedicated to Bhagavathy. This is one of the largest Devi temples of Valluvanad Desam in Palghat district. The presiding deity is known as the Goddess of 14 Desams. The temple and its precincts resemble that of Mookambika temple Kollur.
Pooramaholsavam is the famous festival of the temple comes on Kumbham 1-7 and attracts a large number of devotees. "Moorthiyaatom" on the eve of Pooram (Valiyaarattu) is the unique feature of this temple. Vela is before the star Pooram in the month of Makara. Pooram starts on the 1st Kumbha with the hoisting of the temple flag. Vishuvilakku is celebrated on 1st of Medom. Laksharchana is performed permanently in the month of Karkitaka. Karthika Vilakku is celebrated in Vrichika during the star Karthika, with various programmes 17 km away from Ottapalam on Ottapalam–Mannarkad route and 30 km away from Palghat on Palghat-Cherpulachery route.

</doc>
<doc id="19383421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383421" title="Let It Rock (Kevin Rudolf song)">
Let It Rock (Kevin Rudolf song)

"Let It Rock" is the debut single of Kevin Rudolf from his debut album, "In the City". It features rapper Lil Wayne. The track was produced and written by Rudolf.
In the U.S. and Canada, the song reached #5 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, number #6 on the Pop 100 and #2 on the Canadian Hot 100. The first week, the song debuted at number 45 on the Australian Singles Chart and eventually reached number 3. In the United Kingdom, the song climbed to number forty on physical release but due to an increase in airplay, due to BBC Radio 1 adding it to their A-list, the song climbed thirty places to number 10 in the song's second week on the chart; then it rose to number 5 the following week. "Let It Rock" was number 28 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008. The single was also the official theme song for WWE's 2009 Royal Rumble.
"Let It Rock" was certified Triple Platinum by the RIAA on May 5, 2009. As of July 2011, the song has sold 4,000,000 digital downloads, making it Lil Wayne's third 4-million-seller.
Single record.
The single was certified platinum in the U.S. on December 15, 2008.
Music video.
The music video for "Let It Rock" features Kevin Rudolf and Lil Wayne performing in front of both a crowd and a dark background, sometimes lit with various effects such as strobe and laser lights. The "NBA on TNT" features a version of the music video to promote the 2009 NBA All-Star Game featuring the players competing in the event.
Samples.
The song's chorus is sampled in the Iyaz song "Damn They Hot", which features Rudolf himself. The song is also sampled and incorporated into Natasha Bedingfield's song "All I Need" from her album "Strip Me"; this song also features Rudolf.

</doc>
<doc id="19383432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383432" title="Nancy Charest">
Nancy Charest

Nancy Charest (November 28, 1959 – March 1, 2014) was a Canadian politician. She represented the electoral district of Matane in the National Assembly of Quebec from 2003 to 2007 as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party. She was defeated by Pascal Bérubé of the Parti Québécois in the 2007 provincial election.
She ran as the Liberal Party of Canada's candidate for the district of Haute-Gaspésie—La Mitis—Matane—Matapédia in the 2008 federal election. She lost to Bloc Québécois incumbent Jean-Yves Roy, but received the highest vote percentage of any non-winning Liberal candidate in the province outside of the Montreal area.
Charest was found dead on March 1, 2014 along a road in Matane, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="19383442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383442" title="Farmington, Virginia">
Farmington, Virginia

Farmington is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia, United States. Its elevation is 600 feet (183 m).

</doc>
<doc id="19383448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383448" title="Great Broughton, Cumbria">
Great Broughton, Cumbria

Great Broughton is a village in West Cumbria, in the Borough of Allerdale in Cumbria, England, in the civil parish of Broughton. It had a station on the Cleator and Workington Junction Railway but the station closed in 1908. It is west of Cockermouth, just north of River Derwent and the A66 road.
Great Broughton has a post office and general store, primary school, three pubs and a Royal British legion and is on a bus route to Cockermouth. 
There is also a 15-room hotel named the Broughton Craggs Hotel situated at the bottom of the village on the Papcastle road heading to Cockermouth. Great Broughton also borders the Village of Little Broughton, which is made up of new housing estates and older houses. Little Broughton also has a Pub named the Sundial.
Up to it being decommissioned in 1992, the RNAD Depot Broughton Moor bordered the top end of the village and the Ministry of Defence Police houses remain as South Terrace. The rest of the former RNAD site is currently up for tender from its current owners, Cumbria County Council, who purchased it from the Ministry of Defence for a nominal sum in 2007.
Neighbouring villages are Camerton to the west, Broughton Moor to the north and Papcastle to the east.
During the floods of November 2009, the main bridge into the village off the A66 sustained structural damaged and was closed pending a structural report from engineers. The bridge was built in 1832 and is on the main access road into the village. This bridge has now re-opened after structural work was carried out in early 2010.
Broughton Carnival takes place every July.

</doc>
<doc id="19383463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383463" title="Little Broughton">
Little Broughton

Little Broughton is a village in Cumbria, England. It is in the civil parish of Broughton, Cumbria.

</doc>
<doc id="19383471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383471" title="Mráz Sokol">
Mráz Sokol

__NOTOC__
The Mráz M.1 "Sokol" (Czech: "Falcon") was a light aircraft built in Czechoslovakia in the years following the end of the Second World War. Designed in secret by Zdeněk Rublič at the Beneš-Mráz factory during the German occupation, the type was put into production in 1946. 
The Sokol was a conventional, low-wing monoplane that took the pre-war Beneš-Mráz Bibi as its starting point. Two seats were provided side-by-side in an enclosed cabin, and the main units of the tailwheel undercarriage were retractable. Construction throughout was of wood. 
Survivors.
An M-1C, registration G-AIXN is maintained in flyable condition in the UK. Other airworthy examples exist in the Czech Republic at Prague Točná Airport (2013) and in Germany (2012). 

</doc>
<doc id="19383488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383488" title="Sabha Parva">
Sabha Parva

Sabha Parva, also called the "Book of the Assembly Hall", is the second of eighteen books of Mahabharata. Sabha Parva has 10 sub-books and 81 chapters. The critical edition of Sabha Parva has 9 sub-books and 72 chapters.
The book starts with the description of palace and assembly hall ("sabha") built by Maya, at Indraprastha. Chapter 5 of the book outlines some hundred principles of governance and administration necessary for a kingdom and its citizens to be prosperous, virtuous and happy. The middle sub-books describe the life at the court, Yudhishthira's Rajasuya Yajna that leads to expansion of the empire of Pandava brothers. The last two sub-books describe one vice and addiction of the virtuous king Yudhishthira - gambling. Sakuni, encouraged by evil Dhritarashtra, mocks Yudhishthira and tempts him to the game of dice. Yudhishthira bets everything, loses the game, which leads to the eventual exile of the Pandavas.
This book also details the principle of evil and crime against humanity, of why individuals who have not been personally harmed must act when society at large suffers systematic crime and injustice - this theory is outlined in the story of Magadha, Chapters 20 through 24, where the trio Krishna, Arujna and Bheem kill Jarasandha.
Structure and chapters.
This book has 10 sub-parvas (sub-books, little books), and a total of 81 chapters (sections). The following are the sub-parvas:
English Translations.
Several translations of the Sanskrit book Sabha Parva in English are available. Two translations from 19th century, now in public domain, are those by Kisari Mohan Ganguli and Manmatha Nath Dutt. The translations are not consistent in parts, and vary with each translator's interpretations. For example:
Chapter 5, Verses 2-9 from Sabha Parva in Sanskrit:
Translation by Manmatha Nath Dutt:
Translation by Kisari Mohan Ganguli:
The total number of original verses depend on which Sanskrit source is used, and these do not equal the total number of translated verses in each chapter, in both Ganguli and Dutt translations. Mahabharata, like many ancient Sanskrit texts, was transmitted across generations verbally, a practice that was a source of corruption of its text, deletion of verses, as well as the addition of extraneous verses over time. The structure, prose, meter and style of translations vary within chapters between the translating authors.
Clay Sanskrit Library has published a 15 volume set of the Mahabharata which includes a translation of Sabha Parva by Paul Wilmot. This translation is modern and uses an old manuscript of the Epic. The translation does not remove verses and chapters now widely believed to be spurious and smuggled into the Epic in 1st or 2nd millennium AD.
J. A. B. van Buitenen published an annotated edition of Sabha Parva, reflecting the verses common in multiple versions of the Mahabharata. Buitenen suggests Sabha Parva had less corruption, deletion and addition of extraneous verses over time than Adi Parva. Debroy, in his 2011 overview of Mahabharata, notes that updated critical edition of Sabha Parva, with spurious and corrupted text removed, has 9 sub-books, 72 adhyayas (chapters) and 2,387 shlokas (verses). Debroy's translation of the critical edition of Sabha Parva appears in Volume 2 of his series. Sabha Parva is considered one of pivotable books among the eighteen books, the gambling and exile episode is often dramatized in modern productions of the Mahabharata.
Quotations and teachings.
Lokapala Sabhakhyana Parva, Chapter 5:
Rajshuyarambha Parva, Chapter 15:
Jarasandhabadha Parva, Chapter 22:
Rajsuyika Parva, Chapter 33:
See also.
Previous book of Mahabharata: Adi Parva
Next book of Mahabharata: Vana Parva

</doc>
<doc id="19383507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383507" title="J25">
J25

J25 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19383540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383540" title="Ivan V of Ryazan">
Ivan V of Ryazan

Grand Prince Ivan V of Ryazan (Ivan Ivanovich, ) (1496 – 1533 or 1534) was the last nominally independent ruler of Ryazan Principality.
Ivan of Ryazan was the only son of Prince Ivan Vasilievich and his wife, Agrippina Ivanovna. After the death of his father in 1500, he became a nominal ruler under the regency of his grandmother Anna Vasilievna and then, after her death in 1501, of his mother. During the regency, the principality was under strong influence of the Grand Duchy of Moscow. When the Prince grew up, he fall under the influence of the pro-Lithuanian party.
In 1520, Grand Prince Vasili III of Russia invited him to Moscow and imprisoned him immediately after his arrival. In 1521, during the unrest caused by an invasion of the Crimean Khan, Mehmed I Giray, Prince Ivan Ivanovich fled to the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, where he received the small town of Stakliškės as a lifetime possession. After his escape, the Ryazan Principality was merged with the Muscovy and the Ryazan Governorate ("namestnichestvo") was formed.
Ivan died without known issue in Lithuania around 1534.

</doc>
<doc id="19383596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383596" title="Canton of Le Petit-Quevilly">
Canton of Le Petit-Quevilly

The Canton of Petit-Quevilly is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
A town of light industry and manufacturing situated on the left bank of the Seine, immediately south of Rouen in the arrondissement of Rouen. The altitude varies from 3m to 33m with an average altitude of 5m.
Composition.
The Canton of Petit-Quevilly comprises just 1 commune with a total of 22,332 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19383624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383624" title="Lou Silver">
Lou Silver

During his basketball career, Lou played at power forward positions (height 2.03m) and was considered an "all-around" player. Lou played his college ball for Harvard College and was selected by the Kentucky Colonels in the 8th round (73rd overall) of the 1975 American Basketball Association Draft. Lou served as Co-Captain during his final year at Harvard College and received a number of accolades while attending, and playing for, Harvard College including being selected for All Ivy League and Division honors.
Lou played for Maccabi Tel Aviv (1975–1985) and served as a Captain of the team from 1981-1985. While playing for Maccabi Tel Aviv, the team won 10 Israeli League Championships (1976, 1977, 1978, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985) and 8 Israeli State Cups (1977, 1978, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1982, 1983, 1985). Lou was a key member of the Maccabi teams which reached 4 European Champions Cup finals winning 2 European Champions Cup titles (1977 and 1981) and the Intercontinental Cup in 1981.
Lou also played for, and led, the Israeli National Team to a second place finish in the European Championships for National Teams winning the Silver Medal while losing to the Soviet Union National Team in the finals at Eurobasket 1979 in Italy. Lou was selected to the European Selection All Star Team in the early 1980s playing with the Selection Team in Ankara and Barcelona. In 1987, FIBA honoured Lou with a retirement game featuring Maccabi Tel Aviv against the then European Selection Team. 
Following his retirement from basketball, Lou has practiced Corporate Law at Stroock & Stroock & Lavan in New York City and served as General Counsel to a publicly listed software company based in Paris, France. His professional career includes profiles as an investment banker, private banker and hedge fund manager. Lou continues to serve as a member of the Board of Directors of a number of publicly listed and privately held companies actively involved in Corporate Governance, Audit and Compensation Committees.

</doc>
<doc id="19383630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383630" title="Compass International School">
Compass International School

Compass International School is a private, co-educational school in Doha, Qatar. It is an international school with campuses located in Gharaffa, Madinat Khalifa, and Rayyan. It was founded in 2006 by the WCL Group. The school offers the International Primary Curriculum, the International Middle Years Curriculum, and the International General Certificate of Secondary Education. It offers education for students aged 3 to 16.

</doc>
<doc id="19383634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383634" title="Amy Morton">
Amy Morton

Amy Morton is an American actress best known for her work in theatre. A member of Steppenwolf Theater's core group of actors since 1997, Morton has spent most of her career working in the Chicago theater scene. She made her Broadway debut starring opposite Gary Sinise as Nurse Ratched in the Tony Award winning 2001 revival of "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". She originated the role of Barbara in both the original Chicago production and the original Broadway production of Tracy Letts' "". For her portrayal she was nominated for both a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award. Morton reprised the role in the Fall 2008 London production at the National Theatre.
Morton has appeared in such films as "Up in the Air", "Rookie of the Year", "Straight Talk", and "8mm", and television programs like "The Equalizer" and "Crime Story", among others. In 2013 she was introduced as Erin Reagan's new boss, Amanda Harris, on the CBS television drama "Blue Bloods".
Awards.
Tony Awards
Drama Desk Awards
Joseph Jefferson Awards (Chicago, IL)

</doc>
<doc id="19383689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383689" title="Salinõmme Peninsula">
Salinõmme Peninsula

Salinõmme peninsula is a peninsula in southeastern Hiiumaa, 5 km to south of Suuremõisa, an Estonian territory in the Baltic Sea. It lies in east of Salinõmme Bay and in west of Soonlepa Bay. Village of Salinõmme comprises all of the peninsula. In 1870 the peninsula was still an island.

</doc>
<doc id="19383700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383700" title="Henry Luff">
Henry Luff

Henry T. Luff (September 14, 1856 – October 11, 1916) was a Major League Baseball player. In four seasons, he played for six different teams in four different leagues. While he played in a total of just 117 games, he managed to play at least 10 games at four different positions, including pitcher, and at least one game at every position except catcher.
Luff's major league career began in 1875 with the New Haven Elm Citys of the National Association. He was in the starting lineup for the franchise's inaugural game on April 19th against the defending champion Boston Red Stockings, batting third and playing in right field.
The New Haven club spent much of the year in dire financial circumstances, and in August and September it played a series of exhibitions in New York and Canada in an effort to control the financial bleeding. During this trip, the team stayed in London, Ontario's Tecumseh House hotel. When the team checked out, the hotel's owners noticed that Luff and his roommate Billy Geer seemed to have more luggage than they'd had when they checked into the hotel. An investigation revealed that several valuable items of clothing, including a fur coat, were missing, and when the hotel contacted the New Haven team, they turned the matter over to the police. The stolen items were discovered in Luff and Geer's shared room in a New Haven boarding house, and both players were arrested by the police and released from their contracts by the Elm Citys. Luff subsequently claimed that the items had been taken by Geer, and that he had no knowledge of the thefts. After the arrests, stolen items from a hotel in Scranton, Pennsylvania at which the team had previously stayed were also discovered in Geer's room.
Luff was unusual among players of his time, in that he had a college degree and prospects of a career outside baseball, and played baseball simply because he enjoyed the game. Before the start of his playing career, he worked as a clerk, and after his retirement as a player, he became a civil engineer. 
Luff is buried at Laurel Hill Cemetery in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. One of Luff's former teammates from the 1882 Detroit Wolverines, Lon Knight, is buried in the same cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19383709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383709" title="09-15-2000, Brussels">
09-15-2000, Brussels

09-15-2000, Brussels is a live album by the German avant-garde/experimental band Einstürzende Neubauten and was released in 2002. 
Notes.
"Ein Seltener Vogel" had never been played before this show, and "would probably never be played again", according to Blixa Bargeld during its performance. The song would later turn up on the band's 2004 album "Perpetuum Mobile".

</doc>
<doc id="19383710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383710" title="Canton of Maromme">
Canton of Maromme

The Canton of Maromme is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of light industry, forestry and farming situated on the banks of the Seine, immediately west of Rouen in the arrondissement of Rouen. The altitude varies from 2m (Canteleu) to 138m (Canteleu) with an average altitude of 107m.
Composition.
The Canton of Maromme comprises just 2 communes with a total of 27,841 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19383722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383722" title="Pekao Szczecin Open">
Pekao Szczecin Open

The Pekao Szczecin Open is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually at the Wojska Polskiego in Szczecin, Poland, since 1993 (as a Satellite from 1993 to 1995, as a Challenger since 1996).

</doc>
<doc id="19383736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383736" title="Suuremõisa">
Suuremõisa

Suuremõisa may refer to several places in Estonia:

</doc>
<doc id="19383745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383745" title="Propagermanium">
Propagermanium

Propagermanium (INN), also known by a variety of other names including bis(2-carboxyethylgermanium) sesquioxide and 2-carboxyethylgermasesquioxane, is an organometallic compound of germanium that is sold as a complementary medicine. It is a polymeric compound with the formula ((HOOCCH2CH2Ge)2O3)"n".

</doc>
<doc id="19383766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383766" title="725 Squadron RAN">
725 Squadron RAN

725 Squadron was a Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm and Royal Australian Navy Fleet Air Arm flying squadron. The squadron was formed for the first time in 1943 and was last disbanded in 1975.
History.
725 Squadron was formed on 27 August 1943 as a fleet requirements unit of the Royal Navy. It became an air target towing squadron in August 1945 and was disbanded in December of that year.
725 Squadron was re-formed as a Royal Australian Navy fleet requirements and communications unit unit at HMAS "Albatross" on 13 January 1958. The squadron was initially equipped with C47 Dakota, Auster Autocar, Hawker Sea Fury, Fairey Firefly and Fairey Gannet aircraft and added De Havilland Sea Venoms shortly afterwards. The squadron was redesignated an anti-submarine training squadron in May 1959 and suffered its only fatality in December of that year when a Gannet crashed while landing at HMAS "Albatross". The squadron's duties during this period included providing aircraft for air direction officer training, radar calibration and target towing as well as conducting simulated attacks on RAN warships during exercises. These duties continued until 31 May 1961 when 725 Squadron was disbanded and absorbed into 724 Squadron.
725 Squadron was reformed as an operational anti-submarine squadron equipped with Westland Wessex helicopters on 1 November 1962. In this role the squadron regularly deployed four Wessex helicopters on HMAS "Sydney" to provide the converted aircraft carrier with anti-submarine cover during her many transport voyages to South Vietnam during the Vietnam War. The squadron also participated in the search and rescue efforts which followed the collision between HMAS "Melbourne" and "Voyager" in February 1964. Helicopters from the squadron also took part in the relief effort after Cyclone Tracy destroyed much of Darwin in December 1974. 725 Squadron was disbanded at HMAS "Albatross" on 27 December 1975.
On 13 December 2012 the Australian Government announced that 725 Squadron will be re-raised as a training unit operating MH-60R Seahawk helicopters. In this role it will train aircrew for subsequent service with 816 Squadron. The yet-to-be commissioned squadron will be based at Naval Air Station Jacksonville in Florida until December 2014 while personnel train on the new helicopters.
Battle honours.
725 Squadron was awarded the battle honour "Vietnam 1967" for its service during the Vietnam War.

</doc>
<doc id="19383782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383782" title="Kaposi's sarcoma">
Kaposi's sarcoma

Kaposi's sarcoma (KS, ) is a tumor caused by human herpesvirus 8 (HHV8, also known as Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus, KSHV). It was originally described by Moritz Kaposi, a Hungarian dermatologist practicing at the University of Vienna in 1872. It became more widely known as one of the AIDS-defining illnesses in the 1980s. The viral cause for this cancer was discovered in 1994. Although KS is now well-established to be caused by a viral infection, there is widespread lack of awareness of this even among persons at risk for KSHV/HHV-8 infection.
Kaposi’s sarcoma (KS) is a systemic disease that can present with cutaneous lesions with or without internal involvement. Four subtypes have been described: Classic KS, affecting middle aged men of Mediterranean descent; African endemic KS; KS in iatrogenically immunosuppressed patients; and AIDS-related KS. The erythematous to violaceous cutaneous lesions seen in KS have several morphologies: macular, patch, plaque, nodular, and exophytic. The cutaneous lesions can be solitary, localized or disseminated. KS can involve the oral cavity, lymph nodes, and viscera. Classic KS tends to be indolent, presenting with erythematous or violaceous patches on the lower extremities. African endemic KS and AIDS-related KS tend to be more aggressive. The AIDS-related KS lesions often rapidly progress to plaques and nodules affecting the upper trunk, face, and oral mucosa. The diagnosis can be made with a tissue biopsy and, if clinically indicated, internal imaging should be done.
Once the diagnosis of KS has been made, treatment is based on the subtype and the presence of localized versus systemic disease. Localized cutaneous disease can be treated with cryotherapy, intralesional injections of vinblastine, alitretinoin gel, radiotherapy, topical immunotherapy (Imiquimod), or surgical excision. Extensive cutaneous disease and/or internal disease may require IV chemotherapy and immunotherapy. Discontinuation or reduction of immunosuppressive therapy is recommended when KS arises in the setting of iatrogenic immunosuppression. However, with AIDS-related KS, highly active antiretroviral therapy, or HAART, has been shown to prevent, or induce regression of, KS. Some AIDS patients have complete resolution of the lesions and prolonged remission while continuing the therapy. Therefore, HAART should be considered first-line treatment for these patients, though they may require other concomitant treatments.
Classification.
HHV-8 is responsible for all varieties of KS. Since Moritz Kaposi first described this malignant neoplasm, the disease has been reported in five separate clinical settings, with different presentations, epidemiology, and prognoses. All of these forms are infected with KSHV and are different manifestations of the same disease but have differences in clinical aggressiveness, prognosis and treatment.
Signs and symptoms.
KS lesions are nodules or blotches that may be red, purple, brown, or black, and are usually papular (in other words, palpable or raised).
They are typically found on the skin, but spread elsewhere is common, especially the mouth, gastrointestinal tract and respiratory tract. Growth can range from very slow to explosively fast, and is associated with significant mortality and morbidity.
Skin.
Commonly affected areas include the lower limbs, back, face, mouth, and genitalia. The lesions are usually as described above, but may occasionally be plaque-like (often on the soles of the feet) or even involved in skin breakdown with resulting fungating lesions.
Associated swelling may be from either local inflammation or lymphoedema (obstruction of local lymphatic vessels by the lesion). Skin lesions may be quite disfiguring for the sufferer, and a cause of much psychosocial pathology.
Mouth.
The mouth is involved in about 30% of cases, and is the initial site in 15% of AIDS-related KS. In the mouth, the hard palate is most frequently affected, followed by the gums. Lesions in the mouth may be easily damaged by chewing and bleed or suffer secondary infection, and even interfere with eating or speaking.
Gastrointestinal tract.
Involvement can be common in those with transplant-related or AIDS-related KS, and it may occur in the absence of skin involvement. The gastrointestinal lesions may be silent or cause weight loss, pain, nausea/vomiting, diarrhea, bleeding (either vomiting blood or passing it with bowel motions), malabsorption, or intestinal obstruction.
Respiratory tract.
Involvement of the airway can present with shortness of breath, fever, cough, hemoptysis (coughing up blood), or chest pain, or as an incidental finding on chest x-ray. The diagnosis is usually confirmed by bronchoscopy when the lesions are directly seen, and often biopsied.
Pathology and diagnosis.
Despite its name, in general it is not considered a true sarcoma, which is a tumor arising from mesenchymal tissue. KS, in fact, arises as a cancer of lymphatic endothelium and forms vascular channels that fill with blood cells, giving the tumor its characteristic bruise-like appearance. KSHV proteins are uniformly detected in KS cancer cells.
KS lesions contain tumor cells with a characteristic abnormal elongated shape, called "spindle cells". The tumor is highly vascular, containing abnormally dense and irregular blood vessels, which leak red blood cells into the surrounding tissue and give the tumor its dark color. Inflammation around the tumor may produce swelling and pain.
Although KS may be suspected from the appearance of lesions and the patient's risk factors, definite diagnosis can be made only by biopsy and microscopic examination, which will show the presence of spindle cells. Detection of the KSHV protein LANA in tumor cells confirms the diagnosis.
Transmission.
In Europe and North America, KSHV is transmitted through saliva. Thus, kissing is a theoretical risk factor for transmission. Higher rates of transmission among gay and bisexual men have been attributed to "deep kissing" sexual partners with KSHV. Another alternative theory suggests that use of saliva as a sexual lubricant might be a major mode for transmission. Prudent advice is to use commercial lubricants when needed and avoid deep kissing with partners with KSHV infection or whose status is unknown.
KSHV is also transmissible via organ transplantation and blood transfusion. In general, surgery is not recommended, as Kaposi sarcoma can appear in wound edges. In general, more widespread disease, or disease affecting internal organs, is treated with systemic therapy with interferon alpha, liposomal anthracyclines (such as Doxil) or paclitaxel.
With the decrease in the death rate among AIDS patients receiving new treatments in the 1990s, the incidence and severity of epidemic KS also decreased. However, the number of patients living with AIDS is increasing substantially in the United States, and it is possible that the number of patients with AIDS-associated Kaposi sarcoma will again rise as these patients live longer with HIV infection.
Awareness.
It has been reported that only 6% of men who have sex with men are aware that KS is caused by a virus different from HIV. Thus, there is little community effort to prevent KSHV infection. Likewise, no systematic screening of organ donations is in place.
In AIDS patients, Kaposi sarcoma is considered an opportunistic infection, a disease that is able to gain a foothold in the body because the immune system has been weakened. With the rise of HIV/AIDS in Africa, where KSHV is widespread, KS has become the most frequently reported cancer in some countries.
Classic Kaposi Sarcoma (CKS) is a variant of Kaposi sarcoma which is found in Jews, Arabs, and other non-HIV infected people.
Because of their highly visible nature, external lesions are sometimes the presenting symptom of AIDS. Kaposi sarcoma entered the awareness of the general public with the release of the film "Philadelphia", in which the main character was fired after his employers found out he was HIV-positive due to visible lesions. By the time KS lesions appear, it is likely that the immune system has already been severely weakened.

</doc>
<doc id="19383827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383827" title="Doc Goldberg">
Doc Goldberg

Doc Goldberg was a jazz bassist. He played in the Glenn Miller Orchestra and the Will Bradley Trio, alongside Freddie Slack on piano and Ray McKinley on drums. Before that, he played in George Hall's orchestra. He also played bass for George Paxton and His Orchestra.
Bassist and photographer Milt Hinton may also have used the name "Doc Goldberg" as a pseudonym. 

</doc>
<doc id="19383835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383835" title="J23">
J23

J23, J 23, J.23 or J-23 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19383838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383838" title="Canton of Mont-Saint-Aignan">
Canton of Mont-Saint-Aignan

The Canton of Mont-Saint-Aignan is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of light industry, forestry and manufacturing situated immediately northwest of Rouen in the arrondissement of Rouen. The altitude varies from 4m (Déville-lès-Rouen) to 171m (Mont-Saint-Aignan) with an average altitude of 108m.
Composition.
The Canton of Mont-Saint-Aignan comprises just 2 communes with a total of 31,706 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19383866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383866" title="Blanche de Brienne, Baroness Tingry">
Blanche de Brienne, Baroness Tingry

Blanche de Brienne, Baroness Tingry (c.1252 – c.1302) was the wife of William II de Fiennes, Baron of Tingry (c. 1250 – 11 July 1302). She was also known as Dame de La Loupeland, and Blanche of Acre.
Family.
Blanche was born in about the year 1252 in France. She was the only child and heiress of Jean de Brienne, Grand Butler of France, and his first wife, Jeanne, Dame de Chateaudun, widow of Jean I de Montfort. Her paternal grandparents were John of Brienne, King of Jerusalem, Emperor of Constantinople, and Berenguela of Leon, and her maternal grandparents were Geoffrey VI, Viscount de Chateaudun and Clémence des Roches. Blanche had a uterine half-sister Beatrice de Montfort, Countess of Montfort-l'Amaury from her mother's first marriage to Jean I de Montfort (died 1249 in Cyprus). In 1260, Beatrice married Robert IV of Dreux, Count of Dreux, by whom she had six children.
Blanche was co-heiress to her mother, by which she inherited Loupeland in Maine.
Marriage and issue.
In the year 1269, Blanche married William II de Fiennes, Baron of Tingry and Fiennes, son of Enguerrand II de Fiennes and Isabelle de Conde. His other titles included Lord of Wendover, Buckinghamshire, of Lambourne, Essex, of Chokes and Gayton, Northamptonshire, of Martock, Somerset, of Carshalton and Clapham, Surrey, and custodian of the county of Ponthieu. The settlement for the marriage had been made in February 1266/67. William and Blanche had at least one son and two daughters:
Her descendants include Lady Margaret Beaufort (mother of King Henry VII) and queen consorts Elizabeth Woodville, Lady Anne Neville, Anne Boleyn, Jane Seymour, Catherine Howard, and Catherine Parr.
In 1285, Blanche received the gift of twelve leafless oak stumps from Selwood Forest from King Edward I for her fuel.
Blanche de Brienne died on an unknown date around the year 1302. Her husband William was killed on 11 July 1302 at the Battle of Courtrai.

</doc>
<doc id="19383900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383900" title="Black pika">
Black pika

The Black Pika or Silver Pika (Ochotona nigritia) is a species of mammal in the Ochotonidae family. It was thought to be endemic to Yunnan Province of China where it was first discovered in 2000, it is only known from four specimens. The validity of the species has been questioned, with some studies suggesting that the known specimens represent melanistic individuals of Forrest's pika.
Subsequently, in 2011, a WWF-India team on an expedition to West Kameng, India reported sighting 2 Black Pikas at an altitude of 13,000 ft in the Thembang Bapu community-conserved forest area.

</doc>
<doc id="19383908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383908" title="Canton of Notre-Dame-de-Bondeville">
Canton of Notre-Dame-de-Bondeville

The Canton of Notre-Dame-de-Bondeville is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of light industry, forestry and farming situated to the northwest of Rouen in the arrondissement of Rouen. The altitude varies from 8m (Roumare) to 169m (Houppeville) with an average altitude of 118m.
Composition.
The Canton of Notre-Dame-de-Bondeville comprises 9 communes with a total of 26,273 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19383920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383920" title="Sandy King">
Sandy King

Sandy King, (1852? - November 9, 1881) was an outlaw of the Old West, and a member of the loosely knit gang, the Cowboys in Cochise County, Arizona Territory, during the period when the outlaws clashed with deputy U.S. Marshal Virgil Earp in Tombstone and the resulting Gunfight at the O.K. Corral on October 26, 1881.
Outlaw life.
King is believed to have been born in either Texas or Arkansas. He became associated with the Clantons in the Arizona Territory as well as other outlaws of the day involved in armed robbery and cattle rustling. About 1879, King became close friends with "Russian Bill" Tattenbaum another member of the Cowboy gang.
In early 1881, about the time when tensions between the Earps and the Clantons reached the boiling point, King left Tombstone. Tattenbaum followed him, and the two stole cattle near Shakespeare, New Mexico Territory, now a ghost town. A vigilance committee in Shakespeare was organized to combat rustlers and other outlaws. In early November 1881, King was arrested after shooting and wounding a storekeeper following a dispute. He was arrested by well-known lawman "Dangerous Dan" Tucker for stealing cattle.
On November 9, 1881, Tucker captured Tattenbaum and charged him with cattle rustling. The vigilance committee held a mock trial at the Grant Hotel and found both men guilty of rustling and for being a "general nuisance". They were sentenced to be hanged that same day. "Russian Bill" begged for his life to be spared, and King argued that there were many who had committed the same crimes but who had not been hanged. However, the vigilance committee was unyielding, the two were lynched together. Their bodies were left hanging for days as a warning to other outlaws. Prior to the hanging, King asked for a glass of water, stating "My throat is sore after talking so much to save my life".
Portrayal on TV.
The actor Luke Halpin offers a sympathetic portrayal of Sandy King as the youngest member of the Curly Bill Brocius gang in the 1968 episode "A Mule ... Like the Army's Mule" of the syndicated television series, "Death Valley Days". Robert Yuro played Curly Bill, and Sam Melville was cast as Army Lt. Jason Beal, who befriended young Sandy King.

</doc>
<doc id="19383921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19383921" title="J28">
J28

J28 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
