<doc id="19163290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163290" title="Itaú de Minas">
Itaú de Minas

Itaú de Minas is a Brazilian municipality located in the center of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 14,551 people living in a total area of 154 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Sul e Sudoeste de Minas and to the micro-region of Passos. It became a municipality in 1987.
Location.
The city center of Itaú de Minas is located at an elevation of 735 meters a short distance west of regional centerPassos. Neighboring municipalities are: Passos (N and E), Fortaleza de Minas (S), Pratápolis (SW), and Cássia (W).
Distances
Economic activities.
Services, industry, and agriculture are the main economic activities. The city has a cement factory: CCPI - Companhia de Cimento Portland Itaú. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$226 million, with 56 million reais from taxes, 76 million reais from services, 89 million reais from industry, and 4 million reais from agriculture. In the industrial sector there were 110 small industries employing 994 workers (2005). There were 89 rural producers on 9,000 hectares of land. Approximately 220 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are coffee, beans, and corn. There were 7,000 head of cattle, of which 2,000 were milk cows (2006).
There are 4 banks (2007). In the vehicle fleet there were 2,902 automobiles, 231 trucks, 210 pickup trucks, 29 buses, and 606 motorcycles (2007).
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 8 health clinics and 1 hospital with 44 beds (2005). Educational needs of 2,300 students were attended to by 7 primary schools, 2 middle schools, and 5 pre-primary schools.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$264.00 was below the state average of R$276.00 and below the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19163297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163297" title="Canteen (bottle)">
Canteen (bottle)

A canteen is a drinking water bottle designed to be used by hikers, campers, soldiers and workers in the field. It is usually fitted with a shoulder strap or means for fastening it to a belt, and may be covered with a cloth bag and padding to protect the bottle and insulate the contents. Also when the cloth was wet to start with, evaporation maintained the content somewhat cooler.
Many canteens also include a nested canteen cup.
Primitive canteens were sometimes made of hollowed-out gourds, such as a calabash, or were bags made of leather.
Later, canteens consisted of a glass bottle in a woven basket cover. The bottle was usually closed with a cork stopper.
Designs of the mid-1900s were made of metal — tin-plated steel, stainless steel or aluminium — with a screw cap, the cap frequently being secured to the bottle neck with a short chain or strap to prevent loss. These were an improvement over glass bottles, but were subject to developing pinhole leaks if dented, dropped or bumped against jagged rocks.
Contemporary designs are almost exclusively made of one of several types of plastics, especially polyethylene or polycarbonate. They are typically as light as, or lighter than, their metal equivalents and are quite resistant to developing leaks, even when dropped or severely bumped.
Hunter-gatherers in the Kalahari use ostrich eggshell as water containers in which they puncture a hole to enable them to be used as canteens. The presence of such eggshells dating from the Howiesons Poort period of the Middle Stone Age at Diepkloof Rock Shelter in South Africa suggests canteens were used by humans as early as 60,000 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="19163298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163298" title="New Amsterdam, Wisconsin">
New Amsterdam, Wisconsin

New Amsterdam is an unincorporated community located in the town of Holland, in La Crosse County, Wisconsin, United States.
History.
Settlers from the Netherlands originally settled in the area in 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="19163302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163302" title="WSO2">
WSO2

WSO2 (sometimes stylized as WSO2) is an open source application development software company focused on providing service-oriented architecture (SOA) solutions for professional developers. Coming quickly after an investment in Collax, an open source Linux server provider, Intel Capital has invested $4 million into WSO2, a global corporation with offices located in USA (Palo Alto, CA), UK (Emsworth, Hampshire) and Sri Lanka. WSO2 was founded by Dr. Sanjiva Weerawarana in August, 2005.
WSO2 is a key contributor to Apache web services projects including Apache Axis2, Apache Rampart, Apache Synapse, Apache Axiom and more. WSO2 projects are free and open source released under Apache License Version 2. It follows open development principles and the architecture and development discussions are carried out through the WSO2's public mailing lists. WSO2 also organizes an annual conference named "WSO2Con" in Colombo, to discuss about SOA, Cloud Computing, IT strategies, and applications, apart from the series of free webinars on the related topics.
WSO2 Carbon.
WSO2 Carbon is an SOA middleware platform from WSO2. Built on OSGi, Carbon encapsulates major SOA functionality such as data services, business process management, ESB routing/transformation, rules, security, throttling, caching, logging and monitoring. WSO2 products such as Application Server, Enterprise Service Bus, and Business Process Server are built on top of the WSO2 Carbon middleware platform. The WSO2 products are available to download, or can be custom-built by adding the components on top of the Carbon core.
WSO2 Stratos.
WSO2 Stratos is a cloud middleware platform built based on WSO2 Carbon. WSO2 StratosLive is the publicly hosted Java Platform as a Service(PaaS) of WSO2 Stratos, deployed over Amazon Infrastructure as a Service, letting the users to register an account of free or paid account types, based on their requirements. WSO2 Stratos is a polyglot PaaS and enables the WSO2 Carbon middleware platform and other languages or runtime environments to run on the cloud.
WSO2 Identity Server.
The WSO2 Identity Server is an open source identity & entitlement management server having support for Information Cards, OpenID and XACML.
WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus.
The WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) is a simple, lightweight and high performance enterprise service bus (ESB), based on the Apache Synapse enterprise service bus, providing enhanced management and development/configuration support and SOA Governance capabilities. Ebay uses WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus as one of the key elements in its transaction software, which continuously executes $2,000 worth of transactions per second.
The WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus supports the creation of Proxy Services graphically, which allows users to easily create virtual services on the ESB layer to front existing services. Existing services are SOAP, Plain Old XML (POX)/REST services over HTTP/S, as well as SOAP or legacy services over JMS, Apache VFS file systems (e.g. s/ftp, file, zip/tar/gz, webdav, and cifs), Mail systems (such as Post Office Protocol (POP3), Internet Message Access Protocol (IMAP), and Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP)), Financial Information eXchange (FIX), Hessian, and Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP).
The WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus takes advantage of the non-blocking https transport implementation built by Apache Synapse ESB over the Apache HttpComponents/NIO module, to handle thousands of concurrent requests using very little resources and threads. The implementation is capable of connection throttling to control the rate at which large messages are read and processed, and thus can handle heavy concurrent loads of large messages using constant memory.
The WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus also supports clustered deployments, with support for load balancing, throttling and caching over clustered deployments. The integration with the embedded WSO2 Governance Registry or an external Registry/Repository allows the WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus to use externally defined resources for mediation, as well as save its configuration into an externally managed Registry/Repository for better SOA governance. The WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus can be easily extended with custom Java extensions or POJO classes, or via Apache BSF scripting languages such as JavaScript, Ruby, and Groovy. WSO2 Enterprise Service Bus ships with over 55 samples that can be executed out of the box.
The proxy services allows easy switching of transport, interface (WSDL/Schema/Policy), message format (SOAP 1.1, 1.2/POX/REST, Text, and Binary/Hessian), QoS (WS-Addressing, WS-Security, and WS-Reliable Messaging) and message optimization (MTOM/SwA).
WSO2 Application Server.
WSO2 Application Server is an enterprise ready Web services engine powered by Apache Axis2. It is a lightweight, high performing platform for Service Oriented Architectures, enabling business logic and applications. Bringing together a number of Apache Web services projects, WSO2 Application Server provides a secure, transactional and reliable runtime for deploying and managing Web services.
WSO2 Business Process Server.
WSO2 Business Process Server (BPS) is an easy-to-use Business Process Server that executes business processes written following WS-BPEL standard. WS-BPEL is emerging as the defacto standard for composing multiple synchronous and asynchronous web services into collaborative and transactional process flows which increase the flexibility and agility of your Service Oriented Architecture. WSO2 BPS is powered by Apache ODE (Apache Orchestration Director Engine). WSO2 BPS provides a complete Web based graphical console to deploy, manage and monitor business process and process instances. Some of the key features are
WSO2 Mashup Server.
The WSO2 Mashup Server is an open source mashup platform that hosts JavaScript based mashups. It is based on Apache Axis2 and other open source projects, and provides JavaScript authors the ability to consume, compose and emit web services, feeds, scraped web pages, email, and instant messages. It has similarities to Microsoft Popfly, in that it provides a runtime platform for developing and deploying mashups.
The WSO2 Mashup Server is "web services centric" in that each mashup exposes a new web service, which can be consumed by other mashups, web service clients, or Ajax style web pages. The securability of web services make them an attractive technology within organizations deploying a service-oriented architecture (SOA) and for business mashups..
WSO2 Governance Registry.
WSO2 Governance Registry is an enterprise-ready open source product for governing SOA deployments. With WSO2 Governance Registry, you can store, catalog, index and manage your enterprise metadata in a simple and scalable model.
WSO2 Data Services Server.
WSO2 Data Services Server provides a convenient Web service interface for data stored in sources such as relational databases, CSV files & MS-Excel files. With WSO2 Data Services Server, data can be exposed and accessed in a secure (using WS-Security) and reliable (using WS-ReliableMessaging) manner; data is also made available for mashing-up with other Web services.
WSO2 Business Activity Monitor.
The WSO2 Business Activity Monitor is a Business Activity Monitor designed to monitor and understand business activities within a SOA deployment, which also can be extended to cater for other general monitoring requirements.
WSO2 Gadget Server.
The WSO2 Gadget Server is an Enterprise Information Portal, providing a framework built on top of the Google Gadget Specification, that helps enterprises organize information in their SOA across organizational boundaries.
WSO2 Business Rules Server.
WSO2 Business Rules Server uses SOA to provide the service to clients, separating the business logic from the infrastructure code. WSO2 Business Rules Server allows business rules to be encapsulated in a simpler, more direct and accessible dialect focusing the business analysts.
WSO2 Web Service Framework.
WSO2 Web Services Framework is a framework for web services, based on Apache Axis2/C and several related packages. It has bindings for a number of languages, including C, PHP, Java, Ruby, and more.
WSF/C.
This module is an integration of the Apache modules
WSF/C is included in most non-Java bindings. Rather than requiring the relevant Apache packages, their distribution includes an outdated copy of them. This is consistent with the company's purpose to support and test portability and interoperability, additionally providing Windows binaries, so as to boost deployment.
WSF/PHP.
The PHP binding is built on top of WSF/C. It is a shared object (a.k.a. dynamic-link library) that is loaded as a PHP extension on start up. It defines a number of classes, including "WSClient, WSClientProxy, WSService, WSMessage, WSHeader, WSFault, WSSecurityToken, WSPolicy", that can be readily used in PHP scripts, without requiring additional interpreted code to be loaded on each request.
Features like responding to any SOAP version as well as REST requests, latest WS-* specification, and .NET compatibility, make this a rather unique PHP library.

</doc>
<doc id="19163314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163314" title="Donald Scott">
Donald Scott

Donald Scott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19163315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163315" title="Sloy">
Sloy

Sloy was a French indie rock band, formed in 1991 in Béziers and disbanded in 2000. They emerged thanks to the collaboration of Steve Albini, who produced their first albums.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19163321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163321" title="Leak detection">
Leak detection

Pipeline leak detection includes hydrostatic test after pipeline erection and leak detection during service. This article mainly refers to in-service leak detection.
Pipeline networks are the most economic and safest mode of transportation for oil, gases and other fluid products. As a means of long-distance transport, pipelines have to fulfill high demands of safety, reliability and efficiency. If properly maintained, pipelines can last indefinitely without leaks. Most significant leaks that do occur are caused by damage from nearby excavation equipment, therefore it is critical to call authorities prior to excavation to assure that there are no buried pipelines in the vicinity. If a pipeline is not properly maintained, it can begin to corrode slowly, particularly at construction joints, low points where moisture collects, or locations with imperfections in the pipe. However, these defects can be identified by inspection tools and corrected before they progress to a leak. Other reasons for leaks include accidents, terrorism, earth movement, or sabotage.
The primary purpose of leak detection systems (LDS) is to assist pipeline controllers in detecting and localizing leaks. LDS provide an alarm and display other related data to the pipeline controllers in order to aid in decision-making. Pipeline leak detection systems are also beneficial because they can enhance productivity and system reliability thanks to reduced downtime and reduced inspection time. LDS are therefore an important aspect of pipeline technology.
According to the API document “RP 1130”, LDS are divided into internally based LDS and externally based LDS. Internally based systems utilize field instrumentation (for example flow, pressure or fluid temperature sensors) to monitor internal pipeline parameters. Externally based systems also utilize field instrumentation (for example infrared radiometers or thermal cameras, vapor sensors, acoustic microphones or fiber-optic cables) to monitor external pipeline parameters.
Rules and Regulations.
Some countries formally regulate pipeline operation.
API RP 1130 “Computational Pipeline Monitoring for Liquids” (USA).
This recommended practice (RP) focuses on the design, implementation, testing and operation of LDS that use an algorithmic approach. The purpose of this recommended practice is to assist the Pipeline Operator in identifying issues relevant to the selection, implementation, testing, and operation of an LDS. LDS are classified into internally based and externally based. Internally based systems utilize field instrumentation (e.g. for flow, pressure and fluid temperature) to monitor internal pipeline parameters; these pipeline parameters are subsequently used for inferring a leak. Externally based systems use local, dedicated sensors.
TRFL (Germany).
TRFL is the abbreviation for “Technische Regel für Fernleitungsanlagen” (Technical Rule for Pipeline Systems). The TRFL summarizes requirements for pipelines being subject of official regulations. It covers pipelines transporting flammable liquids, pipelines transporting liquids that are dangerous for water, and most of the pipelines transporting gas. Five different kinds of LDS or LDS functions are required:
Requirements.
API 1155(replaced by API RP 1130) defines the following important requirements for an LDS:
Steady-state and transient conditions.
During steady-state conditions, the flow, pressures, etc. in the pipeline are (more or less) constant over time. During transient conditions, these variables may change rapidly. The changes propagate like waves through the pipeline with the speed of sound of the fluid. Transient conditions occur in a pipeline for example at start-up, 
if the pressure at inlet or outlet changes (even if the change is small), and when a batch changes, or when multiple products are in the pipeline. Gas pipelines are almost always in transient conditions, because gases are very compressible. Even in liquid pipelines, transient effects cannot be disregarded most of the time. LDS should allow for detection of leaks for both conditions to provide leak detection during the entire operating time of the pipeline.
Internally based LDS.
Internally based systems utilize field instrumentation (e.g. for flow, pressure and fluid temperature) to monitor internal pipeline parameters; these pipeline parameters are subsequently used for inferring a leak. System cost and complexity of internally based LDS are moderate because they use existing field instrumentation. This kind of LDS is used for standard safety requirements.
Pressure/Flow monitoring.
A leak changes the hydraulics of the pipeline, and therefore changes the pressure or flow readings after some time. Local monitoring of pressure or flow at only one point can therefore provide simple leak detection. As it is done locally it requires in principle no telemetry. It is only useful in steady-state conditions, however, and its ability to deal with gas pipelines is limited.
Acoustic Pressure Waves.
The acoustic pressure wave method analyses the rarefaction waves produced when a leak occurs. When a pipeline wall breakdown occurs, fluid or gas escapes in the form of a high velocity jet. This produces pressure waves which propagate in both directions within the pipeline and can be detected and analyzed. The operating principles of the method are based on the very important characteristic of pressure waves to travel over long distances at the speed of sound guided by the pipeline walls. The amplitude of a pressure wave increases with the leak size. A complex mathematical algorithm analyzes data from pressure sensors and is able in a matter of seconds to point to the location of the leakage with accuracy less than 50 m (164 ft). Experimental data has shown the method's ability to detect leaks less than 3mm (0.1 inch) in diameter and operate with the lowest false alarm rate in the industry – less than 1 false alarm per year.
Balancing methods.
These methods base on the principle of conservation of mass. In the steady state, the mass flow formula_1 entering a leak-free pipeline will balance the mass flow formula_2 leaving it; any drop in mass leaving the pipeline (mass imbalance formula_3) indicates a leak. Balancing methods measure formula_1 and formula_2 using flowmeters and finally compute the imbalance which is an estimate of the unknown, true leak flow. Comparing this imbalance (typically monitored over a number of periods) against a leak alarm threshold formula_6 generates an alarm if this monitored imbalance. Enhanced balancing methods additionally take into account the change rate of the mass inventory of the pipeline. Names that are used for enhanced line balancing techniques are volume balance, modified volume balance, and compensated mass balance.
Statistical methods.
Statistical LDS use statistical methods (e.g. from the field of decision theory) to analyse pressure/flow at only one point or the imbalance in order to detect a leak. This leads to the opportunity to optimise the leak decision if some statistical assumptions hold. A common approach is the use the hypothesis test procedure
This is a classical detection problem, and there are various solutions known from statistics.
RTTM methods.
RTTM means “Real-Time Transient Model”. RTTM LDS use mathematical models of the flow within a pipeline using basic physical laws such as conservation of mass, conservation of momentum, and conservation of energy. RTTM methods can be seen as an enhancement of balancing methods as they additionally use the conservation principle of momentum and energy. An RTTM makes it possible to calculate mass flow, pressure, density and temperature at every point along the pipeline in real-time with the help of mathematical algorithms. RTTM LDS can easily model steady-state and transient flow in a pipeline. Using RTTM technology, leaks can be detected during steady-state and transient conditions.
E-RTTM methods.
E-RTTM stands for “Extended Real-Time Transient Model”, using RTTM technology with statistical methods. So, leak detection is possible during steady-state and transient condition with high sensitivity, and false alarms will be avoided using statistical methods.
For the residual method, an RTTM module calculates estimates formula_9, formula_10 for MASS FLOW at inlet and outlet, respectively. This can be done using measurements for pressure and temperature at inlet (formula_11, formula_12) and outlet (formula_13, formula_14). These estimated mass flows are compared with the measured mass flows formula_1, formula_2, yielding the residuals formula_17 and formula_18. These residuals are close to zero if there is no leak; otherwise the residuals show a characteristic signature. In a next step, the residuals are subject of a leak signature analysis. This module analyses their temporal behaviour by extracting and comparing the leak signature with leak signatures in a database (“fingerprint”). Leak alarm is declared if the extracted leak signature matches the fingerprint.
Bubble Emission Method.
This is a method to determinate gross leaks in flexible packaging. There is an international standard covers this method - ASTM D3078. Specimen is submerged in an immersion fluid in a vacuum chamber. If consecutive bubbles are observed in the vacuum chamber, it means there is a leak in the specimen.
There are two necessary devices or materials needed in this method:
Vacuum Chamber: A vacuum chamber shall be a transparent container, capable of withstanding approximately one atmosphere pressure differential, and fitted with a vacuum-tight cover. A vacuum gage, an inlet tube from a source of vacuum, and an outlet tube to the atmosphere shall be connected to the chamber cover. 
Immersion Fluid: Use an immersion fluid which does not degrade the package being tested. The test sample and test fluid shall be at equilibrium with normal room temperature.
Externally based LDS.
Externally based systems use local, dedicated sensors. Such LDS are highly sensitive and accurate, but system cost and complexity of installation are usually very high ; applications are therefore limited to special high-risk areas, e.g. near rivers or nature-protection areas.
Digital Oil Leak Detection Cable.
Digital Sense Cables consist of a braid of semi-permeable internal conductors protected by a permeable insulating moulded braid. An electrical signal is passed though the internal conductors and is monitored by an inbuilt microprocessor inside the cable connector. Escaping fluids pass through the external permeable braid and make contact with the internal semi-permeable conductors. This causes a change in the electrical properties of the cable that is detected by the microprocessor. The microprocessor can locate the fluid to within a 1 metre resolution along it's length and provide an appropriate signal to monitoring systems or operators. The sense cables can be wrapped around pipelines, buried sub-surface with pipelines or installed as a pipe-in-pipe configuration. 
Infrared radiometric pipeline testing.
Infrared thermographic pipeline testing has shown itself to be both accurate and efficient in detecting and locating subsurface pipeline leaks, voids caused by erosion, deteriorated pipeline insulation, and poor backfill. When a pipeline leak has allowed a fluid, such as water, to form a plume near a pipeline, the fluid has a thermal conductance different from the dry soil or backfill. This will be reflected in different surface temperature patterns above the leak location. A high-resolution infrared radiometer allows entire areas to be scanned and the resulting data to be displayed as pictures with areas of differing temperatures designated by differing grey tones on a black & white image or by various colours on a colour image. This system measures surface energy patterns only, but the patterns that are measured on the surface of the ground above a buried pipeline can help show where pipeline leaks and resulting erosion voids are forming; it detects problems as deep as 30 meters below the ground surface.
Acoustic emission detectors.
Escaping liquids creates an acoustic signal as they passes through a hole in the pipe. Acoustic sensors affixed to the outside of the pipeline create a baseline acoustic “fingerprint” of the line from the internal noise of the pipeline in its undamaged state. When a leak occurs, a resulting low frequency acoustic signal is detected and analysed. Deviations from the baseline “fingerprint” signal an alarm.
Now sensors are having better arrangement with frequency band selection, time delay range selection etc. This makes the graphs more distinct and easy to analyse.There are other ways to detect leakage. Ground geo-phones with filter arrangement are very useful to pinpoint the leakage location. It saves the excavation cost. The water jet in the soil hits the inner wall of soil or concrete. This will create a feeble noise. This noise will decay while coming up on the surface. But the maximum sound can be picked up only over the leakage position. Amplifiers and filter helps to get clear noise.
Vapour-sensing tubes.
The vapour-sensing tube leak detection method involves the installation of a tube along the entire length of the pipeline. This tube - in cable form - is highly permeable to the substances to be detected in the particular application. If a leak occurs, the substances to be measured come into contact with the tube in the form of vapour, gas or dissolved in water. In the event of a leak, some of the leaking substance diffuses into the tube. After a certain period of time, the inside of the tube produces an accurate image of the substances surrounding the tube. In order to analyse the concentration distribution present in the sensor tube, a pump pushes the column of air in the tube past a detection unit at a constant speed. The detector unit at the end of the sensor tube is equipped with gas sensors. Every increase in gas concentration results in a pronounced "leak peak".
Fibre-optic leak detection.
The fibre-optic sensing leak detection method involves the installation of a fibre-optic cable along the entire length of the pipeline. The substances to be measured come into contact with the cable when a leak occurs, changing the temperature of the cable. The distributed fibre-optical temperature-sensing technique offers the possibility to measure temperature along the pipeline. Scanning the entire length of the fibre, the temperature profile along the fibre is determined, leading to leak detection.

</doc>
<doc id="19163335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163335" title="Brittany Allen">
Brittany Allen

Brittany Allen (born February 5, 1986 ) is a Canadian actress best known for her role as Marissa Chandler on "All My Children" from 2009 to 2010 for which she received a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in 2011.
Personal life.
She attended Etobicoke School of the Arts in Toronto, Canada.
She attended Sheridan Institute for Technology and Advanced Learning in Oakville, Ontario, Canada for their renowned Music Theatre - Performance Program.
Career.
She has also had minor roles in TV movies.
Brittany played the role of Marissa Chandler on All My Children from April 21, 2009 to December 21, 2010. She earned her first Daytime Emmy nomination and win in 2011 for Younger Actress in a Drama Series.

</doc>
<doc id="19163348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163348" title="Yaroslav Svorak">
Yaroslav Svorak

Yaroslav Svorak (; born 7 February 1989 in Ternopil, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for Slavia-Mozyr. 
He is the product of the Volyn Lutsk School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19163386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163386" title="Nestea European Championship Tour 2006">
Nestea European Championship Tour 2006

The 2006 NESTEA European Championship Tour (or the 2006 European Beach Volleyball Tour) was the European beach volleyball tour for 2006.
The tour consisted of six tournaments with both genders, including the 2006 Championship Final.

</doc>
<doc id="19163390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163390" title="Ocean Prediction Center">
Ocean Prediction Center

The Ocean Prediction Center (OPC), established in 1995, is one of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction’s (NCEP’s) original six service centers. Until 2003, the name of the organization was the Marine Prediction Center. Its origins are traced back to the sinking of the RMS Titanic in 1912. The OPC issues forecasts up to five days in advance for ocean areas north of 31 north latitude and west of 35 west longitude in the Atlantic, and across the northeast Pacific north of 30 north latitude and east of 160 east longitude. Until recently, the OPC provided forecast points for tropical cyclones north of 20 north latitude and east of the 60 west longitude to the National Hurricane Center. OPC is composed of two branches: the Ocean Forecast Branch and the Ocean Applications Branch.
History.
The first attempt as a marine weather program within the United States was initiated in New Orleans, Louisiana by the United States Army Signal Corps. A January 23, 1873 memo directed the New Orleans Signal Observer to transcribe meteorological data from the ship logs of those arriving in port. Marine forecasting responsibility transferred from the United States Navy to the Weather Bureau in 1904, which enabled the receipt of timely observations from ships at sea. The basis for OPC’s mission can be traced back to the sinking of the Titanic in April 1912. In response to that tragedy, an international commission was formed to determine requirements for safer ocean voyages. In 1914, the commission’s work resulted in the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea, of which the United States is one of the original signatories. 
In 1957, in order to help address marine issues, the United States Weather Bureau started to publish the Mariners Weather Log bi-monthly publication to report past weather conditions primarily over Northern Hemisphere oceans, information regarding the globe's tropical cyclone seasons, to publish monthly climatologies for use of those at sea, and to encourage voluntary ship observations from vessels at sea. From 1957 through 1966, the United States Weather Bureau's Office of Climatology published the Log. From 1966 through the summer of 1995, the Environmental Data Service, which became the National Environmental Satellite, Data, and Information Service, published the magazine.
Within the United States National Weather Service (NWS), forecast weather maps began to be published by offices in New York City, San Francisco, and Honolulu for public use. North Atlantic forecasts were shifted from a closed United States Navy endeavor to a National Weather Service product suite via radiofacsimile in 1971, while northeast Pacific forecasts became publicly available by the same method in 1972. Between 1986 and 1989, the portion of the National Meteorological Center (NMC) known as the Ocean Products Center (OPC) was responsible for marine weather forecasting guidance within the NWS. Between August 1989 and 1995, the unit named the Marine Forecast Branch also was involved in providing objective analysis and forecast products for marine and oceanographic variables.
When the National Centers for Environmental Prediction was created, the Marine Prediction Center (MPC) was organized to assume the U.S. obligation to issue warnings and forecasts for portions of the North Atlantic and North Pacific oceans. MPC was expected to be moved from Camp Springs, Maryland to Monterey, California, but this did not occur. The Center was renamed the Ocean Prediction Center (OPC) on January 12, 2003.
Products.
OPC’s Ocean Forecast Branch issues warnings and forecasts in print and graphical formats for up five days into the future. Over 100 forecast products are issued daily. They cover the North Atlantic ocean from the west coast of Europe to the U.S. and Canadian east coasts, and the North Pacific Ocean from the U.S. and Canadian west coast to the east coast of Asia. OPC weather forecasts and warnings for these areas primarily ensure the safety of ocean-crossing commercial ships and other vessels on the high seas. Embedded in these high seas areas are smaller offshore zones off the Atlantic and Pacific coasts. These zones extend from near the coast seaward to just beyond the U.S. Exclusive Economic Zones, out to about . OPC services ensure the safety of the extensive commercial and recreational fishing, boating, and shipping activities in these offshore waters.
OPC began to produce experimental gridded significant wave height forecasts in 2006, a first step toward digital marine service for high seas and offshore areas. Additional gridded products such as surface pressure and winds are under development. Recently, OPC began to use the NWS operational extratropical storm surge model output to provide experimental extratropical storm surge guidance for coastal weather forecast offices to assist them in coastal flood warning and forecast operations.
Role in the unified surface analysis.
The OPC provides an important role in the production of the National Weather Service Unified Surface Analysis. After the Weather Prediction Center, or WPC, sends out their analysis for the synoptic hour, OPC cuts and stitches the WPC analysis to its area. The National Hurricane Center, or NHC, stitches the analysis from the Honolulu Forecast Office onto their map, before it is sent up to OPC. The OPC analysts then stitch together the entire analysis, and send it to the world through their website. The analysis covers much of the Northern Hemisphere, except for eastern Europe and the western half of Asia.
Quality control of marine observations.
In 1994, OPC began to quality control global surface marine observations. Using an automated algorithm and interactive system, forecasters examine the latest observations from voluntary observing ships and drifting and moored platforms and compare them against short-projection model runs. Worldwide surface marine observations come to OPC via the World Meteorological Organization’s Global Telecommunications System in real time. These quality control measures remove spurious data before the data are ingested into models to initialize forecasts. Several hundred of these observations are interactively examined daily. In addition, the quality controlled data are used by OPC forecasters to determine if gale, storm, or hurricane force wind warnings are warranted.
Ocean Applications branch.
The Ocean Applications Branch plays an important role in enhancing OPC operations and services. One example is the adaptation of ocean surface winds observed from the QuikSCAT satellite in early 2000. Prior to the QuikSCAT launch, there was no ability to observe, verify, and warn of hurricane-force wind conditions, areas where wind speed exceeds , often associated with strong winter ocean storms. With QuikSCAT data routinely available in 2000, OPC began to issue hurricane-force wind warnings. In the 2006-2007 winter storm season, over 100 hurricane-force wind warnings were issued for North Pacific and North Atlantic oceans to warn ships of these most severe weather hazard conditions over major shipping routes. Preliminary results from a recent study estimates that in the absence of good information about extra-tropical ocean storms, the annual loss to container and dry bulk shipping would be on the order of more than $500 million. Operational marine warnings and forecasts reduce the above estimated annual loss by nearly one half. 
OPC has a number of ongoing research-to-operations transition efforts that will lead to a suite of new oceanographic analysis and forecast products, such as ocean temperatures and currents based on real time observations and advanced global and basin scale ocean forecasting models. Global ocean sea surface temperatures and currents are now available on the OPC website.

</doc>
<doc id="19163399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163399" title="Yuriy Furta">
Yuriy Furta

Yuriy Furta (; born 30 August 1988 in Lviv, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays on loan for Ukrainian First League club FC Arsenal Bila Tserkva. He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System. Furta was promoted to the senior team at the beginning of the 2008–09, however he continues to play for the reserves as well.
He transferred on loan to PFC Oleksandria in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19163402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163402" title="John B. McDiarmid">
John B. McDiarmid

John Brodie McDiarmid (June 6, 1913 – April 15, 2002) was a Canadian-born academic who played an important role in Canadian Naval Intelligence during World War II. He was chairman of the Classics Department at the University of Washington, was the university’s first Professor of Humanities, and was co-founder of the Seattle Chapter of the Archaeological Institute of America.
Life and career.
Early life and education.
McDiarmid was born in Toronto, Ontario, the only child of Scottish immigrants. He graduated from Upper Canada College high school with the highest grades in his class, earning scholarships to the University of Toronto. McDiarmid took his B.A. in Greek and Latin at Victoria College, University of Toronto, in 1936, and graduated with honors, recipient of the Kerr’s Cup. He paid his way through school teaching immigrants working on the Frontier Railroad how to speak and read English, and worked as a deckhand on a lake steamer. In 1940, he was awarded a Ph.D. in Greek, with additional two years studies in Sanskrit and Ancient Languages, from Johns Hopkins University, Phi Beta Kappa. While at Johns Hopkins he met and later married sculptor Mary Kahn, a graduate of Goucher College and Arts Students League.
Wartime experience.
In 1942, during WWII, McDiarmid, joined the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN). After training in Halifax, Nova Scotia, he was appointed to Naval Services Headquarters in Ottawa and was assigned to the Operational Intelligence Center (OIC). He headed the RCN U Boat tracking team, charged with defending the North American Atlantic Coast against submarine attacks, and helped develop a system for interpreting and breaking German communication codes. He served under Lieutenant Commander Jean Maurice Barbe Pougnet (Jock) De Marbois, OBE, RD. In 1943, he served aboard , then, in London he became a member of the British Admiralty Tracking Room team for decryption procedures—part of the force working to break the code of Hitler’s cipher device, the ENIGMA machine.
As a result of his work in the Admiralty’s OIC, RCN researchers contacted him after the close of the war to gain information about the project. In 1982, in a letter to Vice Admiral Sir Peter Gretton, McDiarmid described the procedures of the until then top secret Admiralty Tracking room. “In the tracking room all signals containing or referring to Special Intelligence were decoded or encoded. No special intelligence ever left the room except to be burned and flushed down the head by an officer of the room; and no chart outside of the room showed more Special Intelligence than was revealed by our daily Secret and Top Secret signals. Admission to the room was severely restricted to those who had a need to know …” McDiarmid retired at the end WWII with the rank of Commander, RCVN.
University of Washington.
McDiarmid returned to Johns Hopkins to a teaching position in the Classics Department, where he served from 1945–1949. In 1949, he accepted the position as the first chairman in the newly reorganized Classics Department at the University of Washington, in Seattle. He remained chairman of the Department until 1973. He was instrumental in the rapid growth of the department and in reorganizing its curriculum. He played a key role in the formation of the Classics Department graduate program. He was the first University of Washington Professor of Humanities in 1977–1978. He and provost Solomon Katz founded the Seattle chapter of the Archaeological Institute of America.
Achievements and awards.
McDiarmid’s other honors and achievements include membership in the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, NJ, 1952–1953 (at same time as Albert Einstein) and 1957–1958, under the directorship of atomic-bomb physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer; and Guggenheim Fellow, 1957–1958. He was a founding member of the Intercollegiate Center for Classical Studies in Rome. As a scholar and an authority on ancient Greece, he wrote and published many articles on its literature and philosophers and was a popular lecturer on these subjects. The University of Washington’s Classics Department lecture series, in which graduate students select the speakers, is called the John and Mary McDiarmid Lectureship. His wife, Mary Kahn McDiarmid, former president of Northwest Sculptors and president of Northwest Bonsai Society, died in 1988.
Works.
McDiarmid’s published works include:

</doc>
<doc id="19163413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163413" title="1908 in Austria">
1908 in Austria

This article lists events from the year 1908 in Austria.
Births.
December 31 -Simon Wiesenthal, Nazi hunter

</doc>
<doc id="19163442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163442" title="Flyscooters Il Bello">
Flyscooters Il Bello

The Il Bello is a street legal, gas-powered motor scooter assembled in China using parts sourced from China. Il Bello is an unlicensed copy of the Honda Joker and is the flagship vehicle of Flyscooters.
The Il Bello has 4-stroke air-cooled motor and gets 70-90 mpg. It is certified by the California Air Resources Board (CARB) and the United States Department of Transportation (DOT). It comes in 50cc and 150cc. Sometimes the Il Bello is erroneously called Il Bella.
History and manufacturing.
The Il Bello is assembled in China at Taizhou Zhongneng Motorcycle Co. Ltd, also known in the industry as ZNEN. The Il Bello is available from brick and mortar dealers.

</doc>
<doc id="19163449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163449" title="These Dangerous Years">
These Dangerous Years

These Dangerous Years is a 1957 British comedy musical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring George Baker, Frankie Vaughan, Carole Lesley, Thora Hird, Kenneth Cope, David Lodge and John Le Mesurier.
The army sequences were filmed in the Inglis Barracks, Mill Hill, London NW7.

</doc>
<doc id="19163455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163455" title="Top Trumps (TV series)">
Top Trumps (TV series)

Top Trumps was a 10-part British television series based on the famous card game. It aired on Channel 5 in 2008, the channel being called Five at the time of broadcast. It was produced by Lion Television and presented by Robert Llewellyn and Ashley Hames.
The show was a competition between the two presenters. Each chose one type of the machines chosen and finds out facts about it. At the end of the show, each presenter must choose 2 Trump factors to use in which they think their chosen machine will be best in. A fifth one gets randomly chosen. The winner is the one who wins on most Trumps factors.
Topics.
This is a list of the machines that were covered in the series:
References.
http://www.history.co.uk/shows/top-trumps/season-1/episode-guide.html

</doc>
<doc id="19163459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163459" title="Cleator Moor Celtic F.C.">
Cleator Moor Celtic F.C.

Cleator Moor Celtic Football Club is an English football team founded in 1908–09. The club uses the Birks Road Ground and plays in the Wearside Football League.
History.
Cleator Moor was founded in 1908–09 by Irish immigrants employed in the local iron ore mines.
In the 1950–51 season, Cleator Moor reached the first round of the FA Cup, where they lost to Tranmere Rovers 5–0, in a match played at Workington. All other campaigns in the FA Cup have not seen the club progress past the second qualifying round. The club has also competed in the FA Vase, reaching the second round in 1986–87.
The club joined the Wearside League in 1988–89 and spent seven seasons in that league, their best finish being in 1990–91 when they finished in eighth place. They rejoined the Wearside League in 2004–05.
Cleator Moor Celtic celebrated its 100th birthday in 2008.
Players.
Scott Carson played for the Celtic from Under 10s through to Under 16s and also made appearances with the Under 18s and the First Team before his recruitment to the Leeds United academy after being spotted playing for Workington in the FA Youth Cup. He turned professional with Leeds before signing for Liverpool. After loan spells at Sheffield Wednesday, Charlton Athletic and Aston Villa, he joined West Bromwich Albion.

</doc>
<doc id="19163461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163461" title="St Nicholas Shambles">
St Nicholas Shambles

The church is first mentioned as "St. Nicholas de Westrnacekaria". In 1253 Walter de Cantilupe, Bishop of Worcester granted indulgences to its parishioners. 
The excavations in the 1970s identified several phases of building. The original nave and chancel probably dated from the eleventh century. They were extended in the late twelfth century. Chapels were added to the east end in the fourteenth century, a north aisle was added to the nave in the first half of the fifteenth century, and, finally the east end was rebuilt and a sacristy added on the north.
In 1546, Henry VIII gave the church, along with that of St Ewin (also known as St Audoen) and the dissolved Christ Church priory to the City corporation. A new parish was created for Christ Church, out of those of St Nicholas and St Ewin, and part of that of St Sepulchre. St Nicholas' was demolished in 1547.

</doc>
<doc id="19163465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163465" title="Josephine and Men">
Josephine and Men

Josephine and Men is a 1955 British comedy film directed by Roy Boulting and starring Glynis Johns, Jack Buchanan, Donald Sinden and Peter Finch. It also features William Hartnell, Gerald Sim, Thorley Walters, Victor Maddern and John Le Mesurier in supporting roles.

</doc>
<doc id="19163470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163470" title="Iowa Academy of Science">
Iowa Academy of Science

The Iowa Academy of Science is the oldest existing scientific association in Iowa, founded in 1875. It was established to promote scientific research, science education, public understanding of science, and recognition of excellence. Its membership consists primarily of professional and academic scientists and science educators. It publishes the "Journal of the Iowa Academy of Science" twice a year, as well as the "New Bulletin" newsletter four times a year. It publishes the "Iowa Science Teachers Journal" electronically.

</doc>
<doc id="19163477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163477" title="St Botolph's Church, Shepshed">
St Botolph's Church, Shepshed

St Botolph's Church, Shepshed is the Church of England Parish Church in Shepshed, Leicestershire.
Background.
It is the most westerly church dedicated to St Botolph. It is Grade I listed building.
The church sits on top of the highest point in Shepshed, probably on the site of an ancient pre-Christian site of worship. The church is The oldest surviving part of the church, the west tower and spire, dates from the 13th Century. The nave, with clerestory and aisles, and chancel are all 15th Century. It is constructed mainly from Charnwood granite with Swithland slate roofing.
The south transept with vestry by Albert Herbert. The pulpit is by R. Norman Shaw.
Bells.
The church has a ring of bells for bell ringing. The present set of bells were all cast in 1948 at the nearby Taylor's Bell Foundry in Loughborough.
Organ.
The church has a two manual pipe organ by Henry Willis. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register

</doc>
<doc id="19163481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163481" title="Zhang Xiaoling">
Zhang Xiaoling

Zhang Xiaoling or Zhang Xiao, born July 20, 1957 in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, is a Chinese competitive table tennis player.
In 1976, she developed a malign tumour in her right leg, which was subsequently amputated. In 1987, she won a gold medal at a national women's singles table tennis competition.
Xiaoling represented China for the first time at the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, and won gold in the open event. She competed in every subsequent edition of the Summer Paralympics, and won at least two medals -one in the singles event, one in the team event, and in 1992 and 1996 one in the open event- on every occasion. She represented China again at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, but, for the first time, she only competed in the singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19163483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163483" title="Black Potts Ait">
Black Potts Ait

Black Potts Ait is an island in the River Thames in England near Windsor, Berkshire. It is on the reach between Old Windsor Lock and Romney Lock and carries Black Potts Railway Bridge
The island is a tree-covered triangle which is now at the mouth of the Jubilee River. It was a favourite area for fishing for Charles II.

</doc>
<doc id="19163502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163502" title="Renaciendo">
Renaciendo

Renaciendo is the 2nd album by the Mexican band AK-7. The first Single of the album was "Dígale" which was released on July 31, 2008.
The album favors the romantic Latin pop side of duranguense. Many of the performances combine duranguense's rhythmic bounce with the type of smooth, polished Latin pop romanticism one associates with Marco Antonio Solís, Joan Sebastian, and Juan Gabriel. Granted, Renaciendo is hardly an album of slow ballad tempos. That romantic outlook also prevails on a likable cover of Spanish pop singer David Bisbal's "Dígale."

</doc>
<doc id="19163512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163512" title="Tommy Jackson (footballer born 1946)">
Tommy Jackson (footballer born 1946)

Thomas "Tommy" Jackson (born 3 November 1946 in Belfast) is a former Northern Irish footballer, who played as a midfielder for Everton, Nottingham Forest and Manchester United. He also amassed a total of 35 caps for the Northern Ireland national football team. Following his playing career, he went into management, taking charge of various clubs in both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Jackson began his professional football career playing for Glentoran. He became a regular in the Glentoran side by the age of 21, and won league-winners' medals in 1967 and 1968 before signing for Everton in February 1968. In just over two seasons with the Toffees, Jackson picked up yet another league-winners' medal in 1970. His performances as understudy to the likes of Alan Ball and Howard Kendall attracted the attention of other clubs and, after just 32 league appearances for Everton, Jackson was signed by Nottingham Forest in October 1970.
Forest were struggling for survival in the First Division, but Jackson still only managed to make 81 appearances, albeit scoring six goals. The arrival of Brian Clough and the emergence of Martin O'Neill saw Jackson's opportunities become even fewer and further between, and he was granted a free transfer in the summer of 1975. He was then signed by Manchester United manager Tommy Docherty with the intention of Jackson captaining the club's reserve team and instilling a level of professionalism in the club, which had just been promoted back into the First Division. However, Jackson made such a good impression that he was rewarded with 17 league starts that season, helping the team to an impressive third-place finish. Nevertheless, he spent the 1976–77 season back in his intended reserve team role before retiring back to Ireland to become the player-manager at Waterford United. There, he led the club to two consecutive FAI Cup finals, winning the competition in 1980.
Despite the FAI Cup win, one trophy in four years was not enough for the Waterford United board, and Jackson was sacked in 1982. It was a whole year before he got another management job, returning to Northern Ireland as manager of Crusaders in July 1983. The team won the Gold Cup in 1986, beating Linfield 2–1 in the final, but Jackson left the club in October that year, before returning to his first club, Glentoran, three months later. In 6½ years at Glentoran, Jackson led the team to 16 major trophies, including the Double in 1988, but the team's form began to dip after their title win in 1992, and Jackson was sacked in July 1993. He then spent a further year in charge of Ballymena United.

</doc>
<doc id="19163528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163528" title="Black 13">
Black 13

Black 13 is a 1953 British crime drama film directed by Ken Hughes and starring Peter Reynolds, Rona Anderson, Patrick Barr and John Le Mesurier. The film is a remake of the 1948 Italian film "Gioventù perduta" (aka "Lost Youth") by Pietro Germi.
The son of a University professor goes on a crime spree, which turns deadly serious when he kills a nightwatchman. The title refers to a roulette wheel.

</doc>
<doc id="19163530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163530" title="Transpacific Yacht Club">
Transpacific Yacht Club

The Transpacific Yacht Club (TPYC) is responsible for organizing the world renowned Transpacific Yacht Race ("the Transpac") from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
Transpac.
The Transpac is held in odd numbered years. The Transpac Race was originally the vision of Hawaii’s King Kalākaua as a way to build the islands' ties with the mainland U.S. Since its humble beginning in 1906, the Transpac has become the oldest and longest enduring ocean race in the world and a “must do” on many sailors' list of races.
Tahiti Race.
Over the years TPYC has also been responsible for organizing the Los Angeles to Tahiti Race. The Tahiti Race was most recently held in June 2008.
Club information.
TPYC was officially organized in 1928, and incorporated in 1937. Membership in the Club is open to all sailors who have completed a race held by the Club. Over 600 sailors from around the globe are currently Transpac members. The TPYC and its members look forward to hosting "the world's best ocean race" for another century.
The Transpacific Yacht Club and the Newport Harbor Nautical Museum have recently reached an important decision that will significantly change the course of each institution. The Museum is now the official home of Transpac and the custodian of its history and memorabilia.
The Newport Harbor Nautical Museum is dedicated to preserving and promoting the nautical heritage of Newport Harbor, Balboa, southern California and the eastern Pacific through stimulating exhibitions, and inspiring education programs pertaining to nautical arts, artifacts, events and customs.

</doc>
<doc id="19163534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163534" title="Dai Yamato Zero-go">
Dai Yamato Zero-go

Plot.
The story begins in 3199, when a mighty enemy attacks the Milky Way from a neighbouring galaxy, and defeats the Milky Way Alliance, reducing them to just six fleets. After the Alliance headquarters is destroyed, and when the collapse of the central Milky Way Alliance is imminent, the Great Yamato "Zero" embarks on a mission to assist the Milky Way Alliance in one last great battle.

</doc>
<doc id="19163538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163538" title="Keystone–Loening Air Yacht">
Keystone–Loening Air Yacht

__NOTOC__
The Loening C-4C, later the Keystone-Loening K-85 Air Yacht following the merger of the Loening and Keystone companies, was an amphibious utility biplane built in the United States in the late 1920s. It was developed by Grover Loening from the C-1 that he had created together with Leroy Grumman, incorporating a new fuselage design. This departed from the characteristic Loening design feature of having a slender, "shoehorn" float projecting from the underside of the fuselage with an engine mounted tractor-fashion above it. Instead, the C-4C had a conventional flying-boat hull, with an enclosed cabin for passengers. The engine was mounted in a separate nacelle on the leading edge of the upper wing.
Two C-4Cs were built in 1928, shortly before the corporate merger. In 1931, Keystone-Loening built two examples of a revised version, but no further production ensued.

</doc>
<doc id="19163547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163547" title="Emirates NBD">
Emirates NBD

Emirates NBD, the largest banking group in the Middle East in terms of assets, was formed on 16 October 2007 when the shares of Emirates NBD were officially listed on the Dubai Financial Market (DFM). The merger brought together the UAE's second and fourth largest banks (Emirates Bank and National Bank of Dubai) by assets and has created a bank with the largest asset base in the Middle East, summing up to more than AED 282 billion as at the end of the year 2008. The Group has operations in the UAE, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the United Kingdom and Jersey (Channel Islands), and representative offices in India, Iran and Singapore. In December 2013, it was reported that Emirates NBD had partnered with London-based Jupiter Asset Management to help manage global investment assets exceeding US$100 million.
Awards.
Emirates NBD has won Private Banker International award 'Outstanding Private Bank in the Middle East'
On 26 September 2013, Emirates NBD Asset Management Limited, the asset management arm of Emirates NBD, announced that it has been named "Best Asset Management Company," at the annual Arab Achievement Awards 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19163548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163548" title="Delta Music Museum">
Delta Music Museum

The Delta Music Museum is a museum located in Ferriday, Louisiana. It offers exhibits on sixteen rock and roll and blues musicians from the Mississippi River delta country. The museum opened with a grant from the State of Louisiana and is operated by local volunteers. There is no admission charge; the facility relies on the sales of souvenirs. Visitors from all over the United States have signed the guestbook since the museum opened in the spring of 2002. A scaled-down version of the museum, called simply the Ferriday Museum, had begun operations at another location in 1995.
There are also exhibits on two well-known former Ferriday personalities not affiliated with the music industry: former CBS and ABC commentator Howard K. Smith (1914–2002) and Ann Boyar Warner (1908–1990), second wife of Warner Brothers studio mogul Jack Warner. There is a mural drawn in 1991 presented by Monterey High School in Concordia Parish.
The first exhibit one encounters in the museum is a sculpture of the three Ferriday cousins at the piano: singers Mickey Gilley of Branson, Missouri, Jerry Lee Lewis and Jimmy Lee Swaggart, the last an evangelist based in Baton Rouge. Other honorees are blues trombonist Leon "Pee Wee" Whittaker, a native of Newellton in northern Tensas Parish.
Arcade Theatre.
In 2001, Louisiana State Representative Bryant Hammett of Ferriday secured legislation to bring the museum under the jurisdiction of the Louisiana secretary of state, then Fox McKeithen. The museum has been actively promoted by current Secretary of State Jay Dardenne, who has secured state funding and regularly appears at the annual Delta Music Festival. The museum is located at 218 Louisiana Avenue, the main street of downtown Ferriday. The museum building was the former post office, built in 1939. It contains the inscription of James A. Farley, the Postmaster General at the time. The museum is across the street from a Ferriday Garden Club green space and is adjacent to the restored Arcade Theatre.
The original Arcade was built in the latter 1920s, burned in the 1950s and was permanently closed in the 1970s. On March 12, 2008, Dardenne presided at the ribbon-cutting ceremony at the Arcade, along with Mickey Gilley and one of Dardenne's predecessors, former Secretary of State and Insurance Commissioner James H. "Jim" Brown, a Ferriday native. That night Dardenne and Gilley joined the group Easy Eddie and the Party Rockers in the maiden performance in the new Arcade. The rebuilt Arcade, which cost $1 million, was funded by Dardenne’s office. Prior to the restoration, the building had been a pawn shop. The sign at the Arcade is a replica of the original. 
Bobby Jones (born ca. 1927) of Ferriday recalled having swept the Arcade for $1 a day. A graduate and football player at nearby Ferriday High School, Jones also recalls five-cent popcorn and nine-cent movie admission. “Those were the days. Nothing was real expensive. I always had money in my pocket,” Jones reminisced for the "Concordia Sentinel".
Gaye Clark of Vidalia, the seat of Concordia Parish, said that she worked at the Arcade as a cashier in 1954. "I have so many memories of the Arcade . . . Working there and being given the responsibility of being cashier gave me a work ethic that has stayed with me my entire life . . . ", Clark added.
Dan Ratcliff of Natchez recalls that each year the Arcade had three free movie days prior to Christmas. "Each showing was packed, and I remember they mostly showed Elvis Presley or Jerry Lewis and Dean Martin movies.
Museum could close.
Under the 2012-2013 budget proposed by Governor Bobby Jindal, the Delta Music Museum could close. Budget constraints have already placed it on a Thursday-through-Saturday schedule, insufficient to meet the weeklong needs of tourists. In a meeting with the state House Appropriations Committee in March 2012, Louisiana Secretary of State Tom Schedler outlined the situation regarding the seventeen museums funded through his office. Schedler, who is seeking a way to keep the facilities open, noted that most of the museums are operated by volunteers and part-time workers.
as of February 2013 Louisiana Secretary of States Office reinstated hours of operation to be Monday-Friday 9-4.

</doc>
<doc id="19163577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163577" title="Albert Herbert">
Albert Herbert

Albert Charles Herbert (10 September 1925, Bow in the East End of London – 10 May 2008) was a British abstract and religious artist, painter and etcher.
Education.
He went to West Ham secondary school and then worked in the News Chronicle picture library, taking evening classes at Saint Martin's School of Art.
War service.
He was called up in 1943, became an infantryman and took part in the Normandy landings in 1944 where he witnessed his comrades being picked off by German snipers in the Normandy bocage. His regiment had lost three-quarters of its men to death and injury by 1945 when it crossed the Rhine. An old schoolfriend, Bryan Forbes, then a member of the "Stars in Battledress" forces entertainment troupe, picked him as a stage designer. This was the start of his artistic career. He was demobbed in 1947. In 1984 Thames Television made a film, "Albert Herbert's War", about his wartime experiences.
Post war career.
He won a grant to Wimbledon School of Art and won a scholarship in 1949 to the Royal College of Art. A travel grant took him to Spain and Paris.
He then won a scholarship to the British School in Rome. He had no religious background, but while he was there was drawn towards Catholicism.
In 1954 he began a part-time work at Leicester College of Art and in 1956 he became a lecturer at the Birmingham School of Art. He converted to Roman Catholicism at that time although he remained fascinated by Buddhism. This was reflected in his art by his gradual adoption of religious and mythical subjects.
He joined the staff at Saint Martin's in 1964 and stayed for 21 years, becoming a principal lecturer.
Personal life.
At the Royal College of Art he met a sculpture student, Jacqueline Henly, and they married in 1951. They had three daughters, Madeline, Clare and Lucy.

</doc>
<doc id="19163579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163579" title="PrimalScream Music">
PrimalScream Music

PrimalScream Music is an award-winning music production company in Los Angeles, CA and Austin, TX that creates original music for television advertising. They have operated out of The Village Recorder in Los Angeles for the last decade and Cedar Creek Studios in Austin. Their commercial and branding projects includes work for McDonald's, Ford, Hyundai, Firestone, BMW, PetSmart, 21st Century, Starz and FX. They are certified by the Women's Business Enterprise National Council.
History.
PrimalScream Music was created in 1997 by music producer Nicole Dionne in Los Angeles, CA.
Work.
PrimalScream Music's most visible recent project includes music for FX Network's Sons Of Anarchy promo, titled "The Dream We Left Behind". The track was performed by LA band Pedestrian, produced and co-written by PrimalScream Music.
The BMW Film Campaign The Hire. The short, titled "Star" was directed by Guy Ritchie and stars Clive Owen and Madonna and features music created by PrimalScream Music.

</doc>
<doc id="19163582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163582" title="Franklin E. Bondonno">
Franklin E. Bondonno

Franklin E. Bondonno (born 1942) is an American lawyer and judge from California. He is currently serving as a California Superior Court Judge for the State of California in Santa Clara County.
Background.
Bondonno received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Pacific Union College (Angwin, California) in 1965, then completed his Juris Doctorate at Santa Clara University in 1970.
After practicing law privately for two years, he was employed by Popelka Allard, A. P. C. in San Jose, concurrent with his one-year term (1972–73) as deputy district attorney for Santa Clara County. In 1997, after 25 years of service to the firm, Bondonno assumed the responsibilities of partnership as Managing Partner. He has also served as judge pro tempore in the Santa Clara County court system. He has over thirty two years trial experience, primarily in environmental law.
Career.
Bondonno is currently serving as a California Superior Court Judge for the State of California in Santa Clara County, having been appointed to this position by California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger in July 2005.
He is a member of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers. Bondonno resides in Los Gatos, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19163584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163584" title="Joe Shanahan">
Joe Shanahan

Joe Shanahan is the founder and owner of Metro Chicago and Smart Bar in Chicago, Illinois. He is also the part owner of the Daily Bar and Grill, as well as Double Door.
Shanahan is regarded as an expert in the field of independent music promotion, speaking for groups including DePaul University, Columbia College, City of Chicago's Department of Cultural Affairs, MOBfest, South By Southwest, CIC and Canadian Music Week. 
Shanahan was one of the earliest supporters of the Smashing Pumpkins. He also managed the Smoking Popes as well as Diane Izzo.
Shanahan serves on the board of Rock For Kids, a charity providing Christmas gifts and music lessons to homeless and needy children in Chicago. 
On October 11, 2007, Shanahan was awarded a Recording Academy Honors from the Chicago Chapter of The Recording Academy in recognition of Metro's 25 years in the Chicago music community.
In the summer of 2008, Shanahan publicly opposed the Promoters Ordinance proposed by the city of Chicago. He was part of a group of business leaders who convinced the city to table the proposal.

</doc>
<doc id="19163591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163591" title="St Audoen within Newgate">
St Audoen within Newgate

St Audoen within Newgate (also known as St Ewan within Newgate and St Ewin within Newgate) was a mediaeval church in the City of London situated on the corner of Newgate Street and Eldeness Lane (now Warwick Lane). It was first mentioned as "Parochia sancti Audoeni" in around 1220. 
In 1546, Henry VIII gave the church, along with St Nicholas Shambles and the dissolved Christ Church priory to the City corporation. A new parish was created for Christ Church, out of those of St Audoen and St Nicholas, and part of that of St Sepulchre. St Audoen's was demolished in around 1583.

</doc>
<doc id="19163601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163601" title="EuroBasket Women 2009">
EuroBasket Women 2009

The 2009 European Women Basketball Championship, commonly called EuroBasket Women 2009, was the 32nd regional championship held by FIBA Europe. The competition was held in Latvia from June 7 to June 20, 2009.
Squads.
At the start of tournament, all 16 participating countries had 12 players on their roster.
Venues.
The tournament will be held in three cities. The Preliminary Round will be played at Liepāja and Valmiera, while the Qualifying and Final Round will be played at Riga.
Competition System.
Preliminary Round (June 7 – June 9).
The 16 participants will be divided into four groups of four teams each. The top three teams in each group will advance to the Qualifying Round. The last team will be eliminated.
Qualifying Round (June 11 – June 16).
There will be two groups of six teams, each composed of the qualifiers from two Preliminary Round groups. The results in the Preliminary Round will be taken into account. Each team will play the teams that qualified from the other group. The top four teams will advance to the Quarterfinals. The bottom two teams will be eliminated.
Final Round (June 18 – June 20).
This stage will be played in a knock-out system. In the quarterfinals, the first team in one group will play the fourth team in the other group, while the second place team will play against the third team in the opposite group. The winners of the quarterfinals will advance to the semifinals, and the winners of the semis will progress to the Finals. The losers in the quarterfinals will play for fifth to eighth places.
Knockout stage.
Final.
All EuroBasket Women 2009 team:
World championship qualification.
The teams qualified to 2010 FIBA World Championship for Women in the Czech Republic are:

</doc>
<doc id="19163614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163614" title="Gustavo Ruiz Díaz">
Gustavo Ruiz Díaz

Gustavo Ruiz Díaz (born September 29, 1981 in Concordia) is an Argentine footballer for Club Comunicaciones.
Career.
He started and played most of his playing for Club Atlético Los Andes in the lower divisions of Argentine football. He became one of the most important members of his team, so much that he was named captain of the squad for his last two seasons. In April 2008 Ruiz Díaz was signed by Ecuadorian giants Emelec on a one year contract. In 2009, Diaz was signed by Club Comunicaciones.

</doc>
<doc id="19163660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163660" title="Evolve (TV series)">
Evolve (TV series)

Evolve is a 2008 documentary television series on History. The series premiere, "Eyes", was nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Science, Technology and Nature Programming.
Each episode attempts to explain the evolutionary origins of a particular trait of living creatures: for example, Tyrannosaurus Rex's 13-inch teeth, the gecko's "Velcro-like" toe pads, and the bald eagle's "telescopic" vision capable of spotting a hare a mile away.
List of episodes.
To date, there are 11 episodes, which are available to buy in a compilation box set. The box incorrectly lists 13 episodes but does list the correct 11 episode running time total. Topics are of the episode as named. 
The dates of the episodes vary from the different sources available on the internet. The following dates have been compiled from different TV listing websites. Only the airdate of the initial episode is consistent among 4 sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19163673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163673" title="Cartographic generalization">
Cartographic generalization

Cartographic generalization is the method whereby information is selected and represented on a map in a way that adapts to the scale of the display medium of the map, not necessarily preserving all intricate geographical or other cartographic details. The cartographer is given license to adjust the content within their maps to create a suitable and useful map that conveys geospatial information, while striking the right balance between the map's purpose and actuality of the subject being mapped.
Well generalized maps are those that emphasize the most important map elements while still representing the world in the most faithful and recognizable way. The level of detail and importance in what is remaining on the map must outweigh the insignificance of items that were generalized, as to preserve the distinguishing characteristics of what makes the map useful and important.
Methods.
Some cartographic generalization methods include the following:
Selection.
Map generalization is designed to reduce the complexities of the real world by strategically reducing ancillary and unnecessary details. One way that geospatial data can be reduced is through the selection process. The cartographer can select and retain certain elements that he/she deems the most necessary or appropriate. In this method, the most important elements stand out while lesser elements are left out entirely. For example, a directional map between two points may have lesser and un-traveled roadways omitted as not to confuse the map-reader. The selection of the most direct and uncomplicated route between the two points is the most important data, and the cartographer may choose to emphasize this.
Simplification.
Generalization is not a process that only removes and selects data, but also a process that simplifies it as well. Simplification is a technique where shapes of retained features are altered to enhance visibility and reduce complexity. Smaller scale maps have more simplified features than larger scale maps because they simply exhibit more area. An example of simplification is to scale and remove points along an area. Doing this to a mountain would reduce the detail in and around the mountain but would ideally not detract from the map reader interpreting the feature as such a mountain.
Combination.
Simplification also takes on other roles when considering the role of combination. Overall data reduction techniques can also mean that in addition to generalizing elements of particular features, features can also be combined when their separation is irrelevant to the map focus. A mountain chain may be isolated into several smaller ridges and peaks with intermittent forest in the natural environment, but shown as a contiguous chain on the map, as determined by scale. The map reader has to, again remember, that because of scale limitations combined elements are not concise depictions of natural or manmade features.
Smoothing.
Smoothing is also a process that the map maker can employ to reduce the angularity of line work. Smoothing is yet another way of simplifying the map features, but involves several other characteristics of generalization that lead into feature displacement and locational shifting. The purpose of smoothing is to exhibit linework in a much less complicated and a less visually jarring way. An example of smoothing would be for a jagged roadway, cut through a mountain, to be smoothed out so that the angular turns and transitions appear much more fluid and natural.
Enhancement.
Enhancement is also a method that can be employed by the cartographer to illuminate specific elements that aid in map reading. As many of the aforementioned generalizing methods focus on the reduction and omission of detail, the enhancement method concentrates on the addition of detail. Enhancement can be used to show the true character of the feature being represented and is often used by the cartographer to highlight specific details about his or her specific knowledge, that would otherwise be left out. An example includes enhancing the detail about specific river rapids so that the map reader may know the facets of traversing the most difficult sections beforehand. Enhancement can be a valuable tool in aiding the map reader to elements that carry significant weight to the map’s intent.
GIS and automated generalization.
As GIS gained prevalence in the late 20th century and the demand for producing maps automatically increased automated generalization became an important issue for National Mapping Agencies (NMAs) and other data providers. Thereby automated generalization is the automated extraction of data (becoming then information) regarding purpose and scale. Different researchers invented conceptual models for automated generalization:
Besides these established models, different views on automated generalization have been established: the representation-oriented view and the process-oriented view. The first view focuses on the representation of data on different scales, which is related to the field of Multi-Representation Databases (MRDB). The latter view focuses on the process of generalization.
In the context of creating databases on different scales, additionally it can be distinguished between the ladder and the star-approach. The ladder-approach is a stepwise generalization, in which each derived dataset is based on the other database of the next larger scale. The star-approach is the derived data on all scales is based on a single (large-scale) data base.
Operators in automated generalization.
Automated generalization had always to compete with manual cartographers, therefore the manual generalization process was studied intensively. These studies resulted early in different generalization operators. By now there is no clear classification of operators available and it is doubtful if a comprehensive classification will evolve in future.
The Baltimore Phenomenon.
The Baltimore Phenomenon is the tendency for a city to be omitted from maps due to space constraints while much smaller cities are included on the same map simply because space is available to display them. This phenomenon gets its name from Baltimore, Maryland, which, despite its large population, is commonly omitted on maps of the United States because there is not enough space in the surrounding area of the map. Larger cities surrounding Baltimore take precedence. In contrast, much smaller cities in other geographic locations are included at the same scale because the level of competition for map space may not exist in that particular area.
Competition for Limited Map Space.
During the design process of any map, either created manually or electronically, there will always be a finite amount of map space and an almost infinite amount of information that can be included in that space. Voids in the map will be present in rural areas where population is not very dense. This creates an easier decision-making process for the cartographer since most cities can be shown. There is plenty of space and therefore very little competition for that space by objects or points to be displayed. In contrast, densely populated areas create the constraint of working with a limited spatial area for both points representing cities and the labels of those cities being displayed. Baltimore is the largest city in Maryland, but due to its close proximity to Washington, D.C., and the necessity of labeling the oddly-shaped state of Maryland, it is omitted on maps in favor of other places that fit more easily in the map space available. Baltimore, despite its population, is omitted because of the necessary “competition for limited map space” in that geographic area.
Baltimore in online mapping sites.
The Baltimore Phenomenon does not hold consistently true for every automated mapping site at every scale. Google Maps will display Baltimore once zoomed into the 7th zoom level. At the 6th zoom level, Baltimore is not displayed but cities such as Annapolis, Maryland, and Newton, Iowa, are displayed. Yahoo Maps displays the major roads surrounding Baltimore at the 6th zoom level, but no city label appears until the 7th zoom level. Bing Maps displays Baltimore beginning at the 5th zoom level, but other cities and surrounding details at this level are fairly sparse. OpenStreetMap is similar to Bing in that it displays Baltimore more readily than Google or Yahoo.

</doc>
<doc id="19163688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163688" title="The Captain's Table">
The Captain's Table

"The Captain's Table" is a 1959 British comedy film directed by Jack Lee from a novel by Richard Gordon. It starred John Gregson, Donald Sinden, Peggy Cummins, Maurice Denham, Joan Sims, John Le Mesurier and June Jago. 
Plot.
After serving all his working life with the 'South Star' line, exclusively in cargo ships, Albert Ebbs is finally given command (abeit temporarily) of the SS Queen Adelaide, a cruise liner sailing from London to Sydney. An excellent seaman. he finds that he now has many social obligations that he does not have the skills to fulfill. He must preside at the Captain's Table, host cocktail parties, judge beauty contests and dance with the lady passengers. He must also cope with amorous widows, young couples who want him to marry them and a blustering ex-major who claims to have the ear of the Chairman of the shipping line.
To add to his woes, most of the officers and crew, led by the Chief Purser, are actively on the fiddle. The Captain doesn't fully realise this until the last night of the cruise, when champagne being served is revealed to be cider, with the crew pocketing the considerable profits.
All comes out well - just. The Captain finds himself engaged to be married to an attractive widow, the Chief Officer is also engaged to a young heiress and the larcenous officers are arrested by Sydney police. 
The Captain's Table is an institution in a cruise ship. The captain dines there, but the fuss is about who he is dining with. Being invited to the Captain's Table is regarded upon as an honour. The criteria for obtaining a seat around the captain's dining table may vary from ship to ship, and are in general not made public.

</doc>
<doc id="19163689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163689" title="Alfred Dan Moussa">
Alfred Dan Moussa

Alfred Dan Moussa (born 1955) is an Ivorian journalist.
As of August 2008, Dan Moussa is the president of the International Francophone Press Union.
He came to this post in 2007,
succeeding Hervé Bourges,
a former president of Radio France Internationale.

</doc>
<doc id="19163705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163705" title="All Little Devils">
All Little Devils

All Little Devils is the 3rd studio album by the gothic metal band Dismal Euphony. It was released in 1999, and was the band's first album with Nuclear Blast.

</doc>
<doc id="19163728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163728" title="Wigzy">
Wigzy

Wigzy is a lightweight library of commonly used client-side scripts built off the Prototype and Scriptaculous frameworks.

</doc>
<doc id="19163733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163733" title="A Touch of Larceny">
A Touch of Larceny

A Touch of Larceny is a 1959 British comedy film directed by Guy Hamilton and starring James Mason, George Sanders, Vera Miles, Harry Andrews, Rachel Gurney, and John Le Mesurier. It is based on a diverting and mildly cynical novel, "The Megstone Plot" (1956), by Paul Winterton under the pseudonym Andrew Garve.
The film was nominated for the BAFTA award for Best British Screenplay but it lost to "The Angry Silence".
Plot.
A naval war hero but a bit of a scoundrel, Commander Max Easton has a position with the Admiralty but spends most of his time playing squash and pursuing women.
He meets Sir Charles Holland and a companion, an American woman, Virginia Killain. As soon as Holland is away for a few days, Max makes a play for Virginia, but she is engaged to be married to Holland and is offended by Max describing him as "dull."
Max can tell that Virginia is also impressed by Holland's wealth. To make money, he comes up with a dastardly scheme. He will drop clues and hints leading others to believe that he is a traitor, in league with Russia, and will disappear. When he is publicly branded this way, Max intends to return and sue the press for libel.
Virginia is amused by this at first, then annoyed when she realizes Max has actually gone through with it. The plan backfires, though, when Max becomes marooned on an island and cannot get home.
After he finally is rescued, Max learns that Holland has revealed to the Admiralty everything that Virginia has told him about this hoax. Max manages to free himself from this situation, then charms Virginia by saying he plans to sell his story to the same press he originally intended to swindle. Against her better judgment, she finds Max irresistible.
See also.
1959 in film

</doc>
<doc id="19163742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163742" title="Tandoori Nights">
Tandoori Nights

Tandoori Nights was a television sitcom broadcast on Channel 4 between 1985 and 1987. It consisted of two series of six episodes each. The series was directed by Jon Amiel and written by Farrukh Dhondy. It is the story of two rival restaurants in London, and starred Saeed Jaffery, Tariq Yunus, Rita Wolf and Zohra Sehgal. It was Channel 4's first Asian comedy series.
Plot summary.
Jimmy Sharma is the owner of "Jewel in the Crown Tandoori Restaurant" in Brick Lane, in the East of London. His rival is the restaurant across the street "The Far Pavilions".

</doc>
<doc id="19163754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163754" title="Three for All">
Three for All

Three for All is a 1975 British comedy film directed by Martin Campbell and starring Adrienne Posta, Robert Lindsay, Paul Nicholas, Edward Woodward, Richard Beckinsdale and John Le Mesurier.
Synopsis.
A British music group and their girlfriends go to Spain to make a record.

</doc>
<doc id="19163755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163755" title="Cat Paradise">
Cat Paradise

The story follows the career of high school student Yumi Hayakawa and her cat, Kansuke, at Matabi Academy, where they are drawn into an ancient battle between the student council against Kaen, a long-sealed feline demon, and his minions.
Synopsis.
Yumi and her cat, Kansuke had just entered Matabi Academy,a school where students are allowed to have their pet cats live at the dorms. All goes quite well when they are suddenly dragged into a war that had begun long ago to stop Kaen, a great and ancient demon cat. A long time ago, he destroyed the Futakago kingdom, a kingdom that angered Kaen for some unknown reason. Since then, Princess Kiri and her cat, Shirayuki, fought him and sealed him in Futakago's barrier. Many years later, Kaen was finally sealed at Matabi Academy itself, but not before warning to return 100 years later. To prevent this from happening, Princess Kiri and Shirayuki chose a select group of students and their cats and granted them powers that best suit their talents and abilities. These students are Matabi Academy's student council and protect the school. But when Kaen's subordinate, Tsukumoishu, attacked Yumi and Kansuke, the pair was greeted by the Princess and Shirayuki and promised a great power if they chose to fight the threat of Kaen. With no choice, the seventh pair of student and cat make a pact and join this ancient battle.
Characters.
The main protagonists of this manga are the students and cats chosen by Princess Kiri and Shirayuki to help in the battle against Kaen. The antagonists are Kaen and his followers.
Media.
Manga.
The manga series "Cat Paradise" was written and illustrated by Yuji Iwahara, and was serialized in the monthly "shōnen" (aimed at teenage boys) manga magazine "Champion Red" from June 2006 to December 2008. Akita Shoten collected the individual chapters in five "tankōbon" volumes between May 2007 and December 2008. The series has been licensed in North America in English by Yen Press, who released the first volume in August 2009, and in Taiwan by Tong Li.
Drama CD.
"Cat Paradise" was adapted as a single drama CD released by Frontier Works on July 24, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19163780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163780" title="The Love Dare">
The Love Dare

The Love Dare is a non-fiction marriage-related book written by Alex and Stephen Kendrick. It is a 40-day Christian devotional designed to strengthen marriages. Each daily devotion includes scripture, a statement of principle, the day’s "dare," (such as "Resolve to say nothing negative to your spouse at all") and a journaling area and check box to chart progress. It is used in the storyline for the 2008 film, "Fireproof", which is directed by author Alex Kendrick. For Valentine's Day, Day 1 and Day 2 of "The Love Dare" were published on the Baptist Press' website, with permission of B & H Publishing Group.
"The Love Dare" has sold over 3.5 million copies, with at least four million copies in print. It has spent over 130 weeks on "The New York Times" Paperback Advice & Misc. Best Seller list, and received the Platinum Award (more than 1 million sold) from the Evangelical Christian Publishers Association (EPCA) in April 2009. It has been translated into over 20 languages. Alex and Stephen Kendrick wrote a second book released fall 2009, "Love Dare Day by Day", a one-year devotional for couples.

</doc>
<doc id="19163785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163785" title="José Bergamín">
José Bergamín

José Bergamín Gutiérrez (Madrid, 1895 – Fuenterrabía, August 28, 1983) was a Spanish writer, essayist, poet, and playwright. His father served as president of the canton of Málaga; his mother was a Catholic. Bergamín was influenced by both politics and religion and attempted to reconcile Communism and Catholicism throughout his life, remarking "I would die supporting the Communists, but no further than that."
Early life and career.
He studied law at the Universidad Central and his first articles appeared in the periodical "Índice", edited by Juan Ramón Jiménez, in 1921 and 1922. Bergamín's friendship with Jiménez would be as strong as the one he maintained with Miguel de Unamuno, who served as an inspiration for Bergamín. Bergamín's writings for "Índice" would make him part of the Generation of '27 (he preferred the term “Generation of the Republic”), although scholars also place him in the earlier Generation of 1914 or a member of the movement known as "Novecentismo". However, his activities were very much an integral part of the Generation of '27, and he collaborated in all of the publications of this group, and served as editor of its various books. He is also considered Unamuno's principal disciple and one of the best Spanish essayists of the 20th century, with his themes covering everything from literary myths to the Golden Age of Spain, from mysticism to politics, from Spain itself to bullfighting. 
An opponent of the regime of Miguel Primo de Rivera, Bergamín participated in a political gathering in Salamanca together with Unamuno in support of republican ideals. He also served briefly as General Director of Insurance in the Ministry of Labor during the administration of Prime Minister Francisco Largo Caballero. In 1933, he founded and served as editor of the periodical "Cruz y Raya", to which numerous authors of the Generation of ’27 contributed. The last issue of "Cruz y Raya", number 39, appeared in June 1936, a few days before the military uprising that would lead to the Spanish Civil War.
Career during the Spanish Civil War.
During the Spanish Civil War, Bergamín presided over the Alliance of Anti-Fascist Intellectuals ("Alianza de Intelectuales Antifascistas") and was named cultural attaché for the government-in-exile in Paris, where he looked for moral and financial support for the Spanish Republic. Bergamín contributed to the periodicals "El Mono Azul", "Hora de España" and "Cuadernos de Madrid". In 1937, he presided over, at Valencia, the second International Congress of Writers in Defense of Culture ("Congreso Internacional de Escritores en Defensa de la Cultura"), which gathered together more than a hundred intellectuals from all over the world.
Exile.
With the victory of Francisco Franco over the Republican forces, Bergamín went into exile, taking with him a copy of Federico García Lorca's "Poeta en Nueva York". Bergamín would serve as editor of this work by Lorca. Bergamín went first to Mexico and then to Venezuela and Uruguay, and finally to France. In Mexico, he founded the magazine "España peregrina", an organ for exiled Spanish writers, and the publishing house Editorial Séneca, which would first publish the complete works of Antonio Machado, as well as the work of Rafael Alberti, César Vallejo, Lorca, and Luis Cernuda, among others.
Buñuel's "The Exterminating Angel" was based on an unfinished play Bergamín had written. From 1955 to 1957, Aurora de Albornoz studied in Paris with Bergamín.
Return to Spain.
He returned to Spain in 1958, but was arrested for his previous activities as an opponent of the Nationalists during the Civil War. He was forced to go into exile again in 1963 after his apartment was burned down by his enemies, and also because he had signed a manifesto with more than 100 other intellectuals addressed to Manuel Fraga Iribarne that denounced the regime’s use of torture and repression against the miners of Asturias. 
He returned for good in 1970, settling in Madrid and becoming a political opponent of what he perceived were the shady deals behind the Spanish transition to democracy ("La Transición"), and was expelled as a writer from various newspapers. He was a republican in the first democratic elections after the transition and published the manifesto "Error monarquía". At the end of his life, he lived in the Basque Country, where he served as a collaborator in the newspaper "Egin" and the periodical "Punto y Hora de Euskal Herria", where he became a firm political supporter of the Abertzale Left. He was buried at Fuenterrabía due to the fact that “he did not want to give his bones to Spanish earth,” since Fuenterrabía is considered part of the Basque Country.

</doc>
<doc id="19163789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163789" title="Violation (album)">
Violation (album)

Violation is the second studio album by the late-1970s American hard rock band Starz, released in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19163814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163814" title="Henry of Bath">
Henry of Bath

Henry de Bada (or Henry de Bathonia) (died November 1260) was a British judge and administrator.
Life.
He began his career under his relative Hugh of Bath, who died in 1236, leaving his chattels to Henry. Henry started his administrative career as a bailiff for the Honour of Berkhamsted in 1221, succeeding Hugh as Under-Sheriff of Berkshire from 1228 to 1229. This is the last record of his career under Hugh; from then on he was entirely independent. From 1229 to 1232 he served as Under-Sheriff for Hampshire and as High Sheriff of Gloucestershire from 1232 to 1234, a time when the county was the main base for the Marcher Wars of 1233-1234. He served as High Sheriff as an agent of Peter de Rivaux, and as such required a pardon after Peters fall from grace in 1234, Peter and his close associates having been declared traitors.
Career.
Immediately after the pardon, however, he became High Sheriff of Northamptonshire, and remained in that position until 1240 other than a two-month period as both High Sheriff of Surrey and of Sussex in 1236. In 1238 he became a junior justice of the bench in Westminster, continuing to administrate Northamptonshire through deputies. Between 1240 and 1241 he worked on the Eyre Circuit for William of York as the second-most senior justice, holding an Eyre in Hampshire in 1241 in which he was the senior judge.
In 1241 he went on a mission to Ireland, and on his return served for two terms as a justice "Coram Rege" (in the presence of the King) until 1242. After Henry III left for his trip to Gascony in 1242 he was made High Sheriff of Yorkshire, a position he held until 1248 (although it was administrated by his deputies from 1245 onwards). In 1245 he became Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas. From 1247 to 1249 he acted as the senior justice for an Eyre circuit, during which period the Court of Common Pleas did not sit. In 1249 he was again promoted, leaving his position of Chief Justice, and received a salary of over £100 a year. Between 1250 and 1251 he was senior justice for another Eyre circuit, at which point he was accused of deliberately perverting the course of justice, for which his judicial position was taken, he was stripped of his position as Keeper of Gloucester Castle and he was fined 2000 marks, part of which was still unpaid when he died.
Henry came back into royal favour in 1253, shortly before another of Henry's trips to Gascony, and was made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas yet again in 1256, serving until 1258 and dying in November 1260.

</doc>
<doc id="19163818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163818" title="Kenwin Cummings">
Kenwin Cummings

Kenwin Cummings Jr. (born July 23, 1986) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent in the National Football League. He was signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Wingate.
He also played for the Dallas Cowboys.
Professional career.
New York Jets.
2008.
The New York Jets signed Cummings as an undrafted free agent on May 2, 2008. Cummings was inactive during the team's home opener against the Miami Dolphins and was waived on September 10, 2008, only to be signed to the practice squad six days later, where he remained for the rest of the season.
2009.
Cummings spent the first nine weeks of the season on the team's practice squad before being promoted to the active roster in November. Cummings made his NFL debut on special teams during the Jets' Wild Card game against the Cincinnati Bengals.
2010.
Cummings performed in three games on special teams before being waived on October 22, 2010. Cummings was re-signed to the team's practice squad on October 26, 2010.
Dallas Cowboys.
Cummings was signed by the Dallas Cowboys on December 8, 2010.
Personal.
Cummings was born to Kenwin Sr. and Darlene Cummings. Cummings suffers from Type 1 diabetes, which he learned of at age 15, however he has not let the condition effect his aspirations. Cummings is a Lumbee Indian, one of the few Native Americans in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="19163837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163837" title="Happy is the Bride">
Happy is the Bride

Happy is the Bride is a 1957 British comedy film written and directed by Roy Boulting and starring Ian Carmichael, Janette Scott, Cecil Parker, Terry-Thomas and Joyce Grenfell. It is based on the play "Quiet Wedding" by Esther McCracken.

</doc>
<doc id="19163838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163838" title="Carlos Alberto Juárez">
Carlos Alberto Juárez

Carlos Alberto Juárez (born 24 April 1972 in Buenos Aires) is a former Argentine/Ecuadorian footballer.
He has had a very long and successful career playing for several clubs all over the world, but he played most of his career in the Ecuadorian football league. especially for Ecuadorian giants Emelec, wHere he is its all time goal scorer and he is considered one of the best players the club has ever had.
Early career.
Juárez started his career playing for Argentine first division side Club Atlético Lanús, where he was quickly recognized as a promising talent for the future. In 1994 he was loaned to Uruguayan side Montevideo Wanderers where he had a fairly good season, and the next year he went back to Argentina to play for Lanus, and in 8 games he scored twice which got the attention of Mexican team Santos Laguna. He was signed by the Torreón side the same year. He did not have a good season playing for Santos and he was relegated to their reserve squad.
Emelec.
During his spell at Montevideo Wanderers former Emelec manager, Angel Castelnoble saw that Juárez had great talent and took advantage of his complicated situation in Mexico signing him for Emelec in 1996. On his debut match against Espoli, Emelec won 4-0, Juarez scored twice and made the other two assists for his teammate and good friend Ariel Graziani, giving a preview of things to come. Emelec fans immediately fell in love with the forward who is now, 12 years later, Emelec's all time top goal scorer with over 130 goals.
Emelec rivals recognized Juárez as a major threat to their interests in every game and they used to change their defensive style to cope with his large physique. This and Juarez great accuracy and vision to assist his teammates helped so that other forwards such as Ariel Graziani(twice), Jaime Ivan Kaviedes, Otelino Tenorio and Alejandro Kenig become Ecuadorian league top goal scorer. In 2001, Juarez managed to get that title for himself scoring 17 goals, and helping Emelec win the Ecuadorian League title.
During his several years playing for Emelec, Juárez left Ecuador for short periods of time to play for Peruvian team Sporting Cristal, where he became an idol, and Uruguayan side Nacional de Montevideo, where he also had a very good season. Every year speculation over his future at Emelec aroused and every year he stayed because of the high fee Emelec's management asked for Juárez's contract and because Bossman's law was not applied in Ecuador at the time. To keep him satisfied Emelec officials paid Juárez the highest salary of the Ecuadorian league. However in 2004 this was insufficient to convince him to stay and he left Emelec for free, to play for Spanish side Real Murcia, becoming the first Ecuadorian player to take advantage of Bossman's law.
Overall Juárez played most of his career from 1996 to 2003 at Emelec, and with his help the "electricos" won two national championships in 2001 and 2002, and were runner ups in 1996, and 1998; he also played 6 Copa Libertadores and 3 Copa Merconortes, and in 2001 he was part of the Emelec squad that was runner up for the defunct Copa Merconorte.
Juárez will be greatly remembered by Emelec's fans for his extraordinary performances and love for the club, especially for his header in the last game of the 2001 season against El Nacional which gave the club its first title in 7 years and also because during his career he was tempted several times by Emelec's archrival Barcelona, and he always turned them down. His identification with Emelec is so strong that many times during matches against Barcelona he would wear t-shirts with sentences on them to taunt his rivals.
Ecuadorian citizenship.
After playing and living for over 3 years in Ecuador he decided to become an Ecuadorian citizen. He got the citizenship in 1999 and in the year 2000 he made his debut with the Ecuadorian national side in the Japan-Korea FIFA world cup qualifiers match against Paraguay.
Despite being one of the most successful forwards in the Ecuadorian league he did not have many opportunities with the Ecuadorian National Team, Ecuador's coach at the time, Colombian Hernán Darío Gómez, considered his and fellow nationalized player Ariel Graziani's presence to be negative for the group inside the national squad.
Doping.
He was not successful playing in Spain for Real Murcia and in 2005 he returned to Ecuador to play for LDU Quito. He had very few games for the "albos" when after a Copa Sudamericana match he tested positive for cocaine and he was suspended for 6 months.
Rumors of drug abuse where always present during Juarez's career but were always denied by the player. The 6 months suspension was the first clear proof that Juárez was involved in drug consumption. However, to this day, Juárez denies these accusations and claims his urine sample was switched on that test.
The comeback.
In 2005 he completed his suspension and was signed by Deportivo Quito and after a slow start to regain form he managed to score 12 goals that season. The next season he was resigned by former Uruguayan team Nacional de Montevideo where he was used in the rotation of the squad. In a 2007 Copa Libertadores match against Emelec in Montevideo, Nacional won 3-1 and an extremely overweight Juárez scored the Uruguayans'last goal, he was very respectful and did not celebrate the goal, however the result sealed Emelec's elimination from the tournament that year.
After Emelec's elimination from the Copa Libertadores, the club management decided to bring back Juárez to play one last time for Emelec. When he arrived in Ecuador he needed sometime to get back in shape, it was said that he was around 40 pounds overweight, but when he got back in shape the impact of his presence was immediate. Juárez scored 6 goals and made 5 assists in 17 games for Emelec that season, and in a match against Deportivo Cuenca he scored his 134th goal for the club which made him Emelec's all time top goal scorer, surpassing the 133 goals of former Emelec's glory, Jesus Cardenas. Despite his good performances Emelec did not qualify for the final stages of the Ecuadorian league and Juárez went back to Argentina, expecting to be recalled for the next season.
When Emelec was disqualified from the 2007 Ecuadorian Championship, the club held elections to select a new management. New president Elias Wated and his group work, publicly disregarded Juárez as a signing for 2008, they said that he was too old, too fat, too slow, too problematic but overall too expensive for Emelec's budget.
For the 2008 season, the new management struggled to find good national and foreign players especially forwards, in the meantime Juárez was in Argentina handling personal businesses, later he would publicly confess that at the time he thought he was a retired player. Emelec's bad results contributed so that an Ecuadorian sports store decided to help the club and offered to sign Juárez for Emelec and pay all expenses. At first the team's management was reluctant to accept this, but after the bad run continued and the pressure from the press and most importantly the fans grew, they decided to accept Juárez's return. He is now part of Emelec's squad and has played in 4 games and has made 1 assists for the team which is fighting to qualify for the last stages of the league.

</doc>
<doc id="19163846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163846" title="Orlando Ribeiro">
Orlando Ribeiro

Orlando Ribeiro (1911–1997) was a Portuguese geographer and historian.
Biography.
Orlando Ribeiro was born in Lisbon, Portugal.
Ribeiro devoted his life to the teaching and research in Geography and is often labelled as one of the main reformist of this science in Portugal. He graduated in Geography and History in 1932, and completed his doctorate at the University of Lisbon in 1935. Between 1937 and 1940 (that is, during World War II), he lived in Paris and worked at the Sorbonne University, alongside March Bloch, Emmanuel de Martonne and A. Demangeon. In 1940 he taught at the University of Coimbra, although he soon settled in his natal city of Lisbon. In 1943 he founded the "Centro de Estudos Geográficos" (Centre for Geographical Studies). Ribeiro also lived in Goa temporarily, where he worked as a geographer for the Portuguese government.
Among his publications one specific book stands out: "Portugal, o Mediterrâneo e o Atlântico" (1945). This is one of the cornerstones in his career, as he develops a detailed study on Portugal's "dual nature", or in other words, "a country which is Atlantic by location but mostly Mediterranean in culture". Yet, this book had a wide impact, since Ribeiro deepens in the concepts of Atlantic Europe and Mediterranean Europe, linking central and southern Portugal to the Mediterranean culture and northern Portugal (together with Galicia) to a pan-Atlantic European culture. In fact, Ribeiro is one of the first geographers formulating the idea of Atlantic Europe as a geographical and cultural unit (it had been partially advanced by Otero Pedrayo), an idea which would be further developed by authors such as P. Flatrès, Emyr Estyn Evans, A. Bouhier, Meynier, J. García Fernández, Patrick O'Flanagan, Barry Cunliffe, Carlos Ferrás Sexto or Xoán Paredes.
In 1966, the "Centro de Estudos Geográficos" begins to publish the Geography journal "Finisterra", which soon would become the main referent of geographical science in Portugal, to present day. 
Ribeiro was also an accomplished photographer, and he would often take the pictures himself for his works.
He died in Lisbon in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19163860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163860" title="Black Funeral">
Black Funeral

Black Funeral is a black metal band formed by industrial musician and occult/chaos magic author Michael W. Ford (aka Baron Drakkheim Abaddon Nachttoter) in 1993. They played a few live shows after being signed to their record label, Behemoth Productions. An exclusive song appeared on the "A Tribute to Hell - Satanic Rites" compilation CD released by Full Moon Productions. Baron Nachttoter professes to practice black magic, and has released CDs with live recorded speeches, dark ambient music and live rituals.
Michael W. Ford believes that black metal must be Satanic but that not all band members need to be Satanists as long as one of them is.

</doc>
<doc id="19163885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163885" title="Fredrik Laurin">
Fredrik Laurin

Fredrik Laurin is an investigative reporter/producer for the current affairs show "Uppdrag Granskning" on Swedish Public Broadcasting, SVT. He works in a team with Sven Bergman and Joachim Dyfvermark.
Biography.
Fredrik Laurin has been working as a journalist since 1989.
Since 2006 as investigative reporter/producer for Sweden’s main investigative Programme "Uppdrag granskning" at SVT - Swedish Television.
Before that as investigative reporter/producer for the current affairs show
"Kalla Fakta" ("Cold Facts") Swedish National TV4 and earlier at the Swedish News Agency TT, the Current Affairs Show "Striptease" on Swedish Television, SVT, and the media newspaper "Resumé".
Fredrik Laurin teaches Swedish journalists in investigative journalism techniques in courses organized, among others, by the Swedish Investigative Reporters and Editors "Grävande Journalister", and at the University of Stockholm School of Journalism.
Reporting.
In 2005 the team were rewarded with a number of awards, among them awards from the Overseas Press Club of America, RTNDA:s Edward R Murrow award [http://www.rtnda.org/pages/media_items/edward-r.-murrow-awards100.php] and the Stora Journalistpriset :sv:Stora journalistpriset#2005 (Swedish equivalent to the Pulitzer Prize) as well as the Swedish Investigative Reporters and Editors award "Guldspaden" for their reporting on the secret deportation of two Egyptians in what was one of the first operations known as "Extraordinary rendition".
The two men, Ahmed Agiza and Muhammed Al Zery, were taken from Bromma airport in Sweden in December 2001 to Egypt in a covert operation by US agents and handed over to Egyptian security services and were subsequently tortured. The story caused a major uproar in Sweden, drew international attention and was one of the first to shed light on "Extraordinary Rendition". The plane uncovered in the report as the one used in the rendition was a US registered Gulfstream V with the registration number N379P.
It was found by the reporters, and their partners in the reporting like UK-reporter Stephen Grey to be part of a much larger fleet of planes used for rendition operations.
Fredrik Laurin and his colleagues also received several awards, among them a second "Stora Journalistpriset", for their 2007 report on the bribery in the sale of the Swedish jet-fighter Gripen to the Czech Republic, Hungary and South Africa.
In September 2008 they received the ICIJ Daniel Perl award for their 2006 report in National TV4 "The Illegal Cod" on the illegal fishing in the Barents Sea. and in November 2009 were appointed "Environemental journalist of the year" for "Pink Gold" on the (un-)sustainable farming of salmon.
In August 2006 Fredrik Laurin and Joachim Dyfvermark were awarded the
Norwegian "Breiflabb-price" for the reports "The Illegal Cod". The price is given to journalists who in their professional work has contributed to a positive development of the fishing industry.
In 2003 the trio was awarded the Swedish Investigative Journalists Price of Honour together with Fredrik Lundberg for a story uncovering a huge corruption scandal in "Systembolaget" (the Swedish State Monopoly on Alcohol).
Fredrik Laurin was together with Leif Holmkvist awarded the Swedish Investigative Reporters and Editors
award "Guldspaden" 2000, for the revelation of bribes in the Swedish campaign for the summer Olympic Games 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19163891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163891" title="Adi Parva">
Adi Parva

The Adi Parva or 'the Book of the Beginning' is the first of eighteen books of the Mahabharata. Adi (आदि) is a Sanskrit word that means first.
Adi Parva has 19 sub-books and 236 adhyayas (chapters). The critical edition of Adi Parva has 19 sub-books and 225 chapters.
Adi Parva describes how the epic came to be recited by Sauti to the assembled rishis at Naimisharanya (the Naimisha Forest), after first having been narrated at the "sarpasatra" of Janamejaya by Vaishampayana at Takshashila. It includes an outline of contents from the eighteen books, along with the book's significance. The history of the Bharata and the Bhrigu race are described. The main part of the work covers the birth and early life of the Kuru princes, and the persecution of Pandavas by Dhritarastra.
Structure and chapters.
The Adi Parva consists of 19 "upa-parva"s or sub-books (also referred to as little books). Each sub-book is also called a "parva", and is further subdivided into chapters, for a total of 236 chapters in Adi Parva. The names of 19 sub-books of Adi Parva, along with a brief of each sub-book:
English translations.
Adi Parva and other books of Mahabharata are written in Sanskrit language. Several translations of Adi Parva in English are available. Two translations whose copyrights have expired, and which are in public domain, include those by Kisari Mohan Ganguli and Manmatha Nath Dutt.
The translations are not consistent in parts, and vary with each translator's interpretations. For example:
Some verses from Adi Parva in Sanskrit:
Translation by Manmatha Nath Dutt:
Translation by Kisari Mohan Ganguli:
The total number of original verses depend on which Sanskrit source is used, and these do not equal the total number of translated verses in each chapter, in both Ganguli and Dutt translations. Mahabharata, like many ancient Sanskrit texts, was transmitted across generations verbally, a practice that was a source of corruption of its text, deletion of verses, as well as the addition of extraneous verses over time. Some of these suspect verses have been identified by change in style and integrity of meter in the verses. The structure, prose, meter and style of translations vary within chapters between the translating authors.
Debroy, in his 2011 overview of Mahabharata, notes that updated critical edition of Adi Parva, with spurious and corrupted text removed, has 19 sub-books, 225 adhyayas (chapters) and 7,205 shlokas (verses).
Controversies.
Adi Parva, and Mahabharata in general, has been studied for evidence of caste-based social stratification in ancient India, as well as evidence for a host of theories about Vedic times in India. Such studies have become controversial.
First, the date and authenticity of the verses in Adi Parva, as well as entire Mahabharata, has been questioned. Klaus Klostermaier, in his review of scholarly studies of Mahabharata, notes the widely held view that original Mahabharata was different from currently circulating versions. For centuries, the 100,000 verses of Mahabharata - four times the entire Bible, and nine times Iliad and Odyssey combined - were transmitted verbally across generations, without writing it down. This memorization and verbal method of transfer is believed to be a source of text corruption, addition and deletion of verses. Klostermaier notes that the original version of Mahabharata was called "Jaya" and had about 7000 shlokas, or about 7% of current length. Adi Parva, and rest of Mahabharata, underwent at least two major changes - the first change tripled the size of "Jaya" epic and renamed it as "Bharata", while the second change quadrupled the already expanded version. Significant changes to older editions have been traced to the first millennium AD. There are significant differences in Sanskrit manuscripts of the Mahabharata found in different parts of India, and manuscripts of the Mahabharata found in other Indian languages such as Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu and others. Numerous spurious additions, interpolations and conflicting verses have been identified, many relating to history and social structure. Thus, it is unclear if the history or social structure of Vedic period or ancient India can be reliably traced from Adi Parva or Mahabharata.
Second, Adi Parva is part of an Epic fiction. Writers, including those such as Shakespeare or Homer, take liberty in developing their characters and plots, they typically represent extremes, and they do not truthfully record extant history. Adi Parva has verses with a story of a river fish swallowing a man's semen and giving birth to a human baby after 9 months, and many other myths and fictional tales. Adi Parva, like the works of Homer and Shakespeare, is not a record of history.
Third, Adi Parva and other parvas of Mahabharata have been argued, suggests Klaus Klostermaier, as a treatise of symbolism, where each chapter has three different layers of meaning in its verses. The reader is painted a series of pictures through words, presented opposing views to various socio-ethical and moral questions, then left to interpret it on "astikadi", "manvadi" and "auparicara" levels; in other words, as mundane interesting fiction, or as ethical treatise, or thirdly as transcendental work that draws out the war between the higher and the lower self within each reader. To deduce history of ancient India is one of many discursive choices for the interpreter.
Quotations and teachings.
Anukramanika Parva, Chapter 1:
Sangraha Parva, Chapter 2:
Paushya Parva, Chapter 3:
Adivansabatarana Parva, Chapter 62:
Sambhava Parva, Chapter 73:
Sambhava Parva, Chapter 74:
Sambhava Parva, Chapter 79:
Sambhava Parva, Chapter 133:
Viduragamana Parva, Chapter 206:
See also.
Next book of Mahabharata: Sabha Parva

</doc>
<doc id="19163893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163893" title="Paul Washington">
Paul Washington

Paul Washington (1921–2002) was an Episcopal priest and community activist in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Biography.
Washington was born in Charleston, South Carolina, USA on May 26, 1921. He attended the Avery Institute and subsequently Lincoln University. Washington graduated from the Philadelphia Divinity School of the Episcopal Church. He did his pastoral work at the Church of The Crucifixion at 8th and Bainbridge Streets in South Philadelphia, where he met his future wife Christine.
Immediately after marriage in 1947, Washington and his wife went to Liberia as missionaries. There, Washington served as business manager of Cuttington College during its post-war revival and rebuilding, Cuttington went on to educate many African leaders. For a period of time Father Paul was its acting president. The couple returned from Liberia to Philadelphia in 1954 because their son Paul Marc was suffering from repeated malaria attacks. At this time, Father Paul was appointed Vicar of St. Cyprian's Episcopal Church in the Elmwood (now Eastwick)section of Philadelphia.
In 1962, Father Paul was made rector of the George W. South Memorial Church of the Advocate in Philadelphia, a position he held for 25 years until his retirement in 1987.
During his years at the Advocate, Washington served as Episcopal Chaplain at Eastern State Penitentiary. He served on the MOVE Commission established by then-Mayor Wilson Goode to investigate the May 13, 1985 aerial bombing by Philadelphia police of a rowhouse fortified by MOVE members and the ensuing conflagration that took 11 lives and destroyed 61 homes. The Commission found the bombing "unconscionable" and suggested methods the city of Philadelphia might use to present similar future situations. Washington also served as the chaplain of the Advocate Communities Development Corporation's (ACDC) Board of Directors. He continued to serve ACDC until the fall of 1998. ACDC was established by his wife, Christine, and constructed multimillion-dollar projects, rehab and new construction for those in need. Over 400 units of housing have been added to the North Philadelphia community.
In 1994, the Temple University Press published ""Other Sheep I Have:" the Autobiography of Father Paul M. Washington", written with David McI. Gracie.
Washington died October 7, 2002. He was widely known and revered in particular for his tireless advocacy of the oppressed and dis-advantaged. He was called the "conscience of the city".
Career as social and religious advocate.
During his 25 years at the Advocate, he was recognized as one of the key leaders of the Black Power movement. When there was nowhere else for gatherings to be held, it was known by all that Washington would allow them to meet at the Advocate. He hosted the third National Conference on Black Power in 1968, attended by thousands of delgates from across the U.S. Two years later he hosted the Convention of the Black Panther Party. Huey Newton was one of the speakers. In 1971, the Church of the Advocate was the site for the rally to raise money for the Angela Davis Defense Fund.
The 1970s also marked Washington's increasing involvement in another area of inequality, the role of women in the Episcopal Church. At the Church of the Advocate on July 29, 1974, Washington participated in the irregular ceremony in which the first eleven women were ordained into the priesthood in this denomination, as the Philadelphia Eleven. The ordination sermon was, however, delivered by a layman, Charles V. Willie who, at the time, was Vice President of the House of Deputies of the Episcopal Church. The ordination proved highly controversial as many members of the Episcopal Church were reluctant to acknowledge the priesthood of women. Washington was formally admonished by the bishop of Pennsylvania, Lyman Ogilvy, for allowing the Church of the Advocate to be used as the venue for the ordination, and the validity of the ordination itself was disputed. Meeting in emergency session in Chicago, the House of Bishops of the Episcopal Church invalidated the ordination by a vote of 128 to 9 because the four officiating bishops had "not fulfilled constitutional and canonical requirements". This event marked a new era for both the Episcopal Church and the Church of the Advocate. Ultimately, in 1977, the Episcopal church did make rules changes to accept women Priests. 
In 1989, Washington delivered the principal address at the consecration in Boston, Massachusetts, of the Reverend Barbara C. Harris, a protege of Washington's, as the first female Episcopal bishop.
During the Iran Hostage Crisis, at the request of former U.S. Attorney General Ramsey Clark, Washington was one of ten Americans who participated in a June 1980 international peace conference entitled "Crimes of America" in Iran. The group's trip was in conscious defiance of a ban on travel to Iran and exposed each delegate to fines of up to $50,000 and imprisonment for up to 10 years. There were calls across the country for investigation and prosecution of the delegates.
Honors.
Honorary Doctorate, Temple University, May 1988.
In 1985, Washington received the Philadelphia Bowl from Mayor Wilson Goode before 1,200 assembled at a tribute banquet at the Bellevue Stratford Hotel
In 1986 Washington received the Philadelphia Award, an annual award for community service bearing a $25,000 cash prize.
2002 Pennsylvania Senate Resolution #298 of the 2002 session extended condolences to the family.
See also.
The Father Paul M. Washington Papers are held by the Charles L. Blockson Afro-American Collection, Temple University Libraries. The finding aid to the papers is at: http://library.temple.edu/collections/scrc/father-paul-m-washing

</doc>
<doc id="19163908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163908" title="Sven Bergman">
Sven Bergman

Sven Bergman is an investigative reporter/producer for the current affairs show "Uppdrag granskning" on Sveriges Television, SVT.
He works in a team with Fredrik Laurin and Joachim Dyfvermark.
Extraordinary rendition.
They reported on the secret deportation of two Egyptians in what was one of the first operations known as extraordinary rendition.
The two men, Ahmed Agiza and Muhammed al-Zery, were taken from Bromma airport in Sweden in December 2001 to Egypt in a covert operation by US agents and handed over to Egyptian security services and were subsequently tortured. The story caused a major uproar in Sweden, drew international attention and was one of the first to shed light on "Extraordinary Rendition". The plane uncovered in the report as the one used in the rendition was a US registered Gulfstream V with the registration number N379P. It was found by the reporters, and their partners in the reporting like UK-reporter Stephen Grey to be part of a much larger fleet of planes used for rendition operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19163916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163916" title="Suspect (1960 film)">
Suspect (1960 film)

Suspect is a 1960 British thriller film directed by Roy Boulting and John Boulting. It starred Tony Britton, Virginia Maskell, Ian Bannen, Peter Cushing and Donald Pleasence. A young scientist's pioneering work and his acquaintance with subversive anti-government groups attract the attention of the authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="19163925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163925" title="Joachim Dyfvermark">
Joachim Dyfvermark

Joachim Dyfvermark (born September 17, 1968) is an investigative reporter/producer for the current affairs show "Uppdrag granskning" on Swedish channel Sveriges Television. He works in a team with Sven Bergman and Fredrik Laurin.
The team were in 2005 rewarded with a number of awards including Stora Journalistpriset for their reporting on the secret deportation of two Egyptians in what was one of the first operations known as "Extraordinary rendition". 
The two men, Ahmed Agiza and Muhammed Al Zery, were taken from Bromma airport in Sweden in December 2001 to Egypt in a covert operation by US agents and handed over to Egyptian security services and were subsequently tortured. 
The story caused a major uproar in Sweden, drew international attention and was one of the first to shed light on "Extraordinary Rendition". The plane uncovered in the report as the one used in the rendition was a US registered Gulfstream V with the registration number N379P. It was found by the reporters, and their partners in the reporting like UK-reporter Stephen Grey to be part of a much larger fleet of planes used for rendition operations. 
Joachim Dyfvermark and his colleagues also received several awards, among them a second "Stora Journalistpriset", for their 2007 report on the bribery in the sale of the Swedish jet-fighter Gripen to the Czech Republic, Hungary and South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19163930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163930" title="A. S. Rao">
A. S. Rao

Ayyagari Sambasiva Rao (popularly known as A.S.Rao) (1910–2003) was an eminent Indian scientist and founder of the Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL), Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India. 
Awards and honours.
Rao represented India at many international conferences on scientific development including UN conferences on peaceful uses of atomic energy. He also served on the editorial and advisory boards of many scientific journals including many international journals of repute.
Recognition of his services to the nation has brought Rao many awards and honours: 

</doc>
<doc id="19163935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163935" title="Shmuel Avital">
Shmuel Avital

Shmuel Avital (, born 24 May 1951) is a former Israeli politician who served as a Minister without Portfolio responsible for Social Co-ordination from March 2001 until February 2002.
Biography.
Born in Casablanca in Morocco, Avital made aliyah to Israel in 1953. He studied at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Beersheba and worked in agriculture.
In 1992 he was elected to the Knesset on the Labor Party's list. However, he lost his seat in the 1996 elections. Despite not being a member of the Knesset, in March 2001 he was appointed Minister without Portfolio responsible for Social Co-ordination in Ariel Sharon's national unity government. However, he resigned in February the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="19163937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163937" title="Slovenia at the Paralympics">
Slovenia at the Paralympics

Slovenia has been competing as an independent country in the Summer Paralympic Games since the 1992 Games in Barcelona.
Slovenian athletes have won a total of three gold medals, six silver and seven bronze.
Since 2008, Slovenian medal winners at the Paralympics receive a financial reward equal to that received by Olympic medal winners.

</doc>
<doc id="19163949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163949" title="Canon AC Mount">
Canon AC Mount

The Canon AC lens-mount was a proprietary lens mount for the Canon T80. The lens mount was a variation of the then-standard Canon FD for auto-focus.

</doc>
<doc id="19163953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163953" title="Lamar Divens">
Lamar Divens

Lamar Divens (born November 12, 1985) is an American football nose tackle who is currently a free agent. He played college football first at Vanderbilt but later transferred to Tennessee State. He was signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He has also played for the Baltimore Ravens, as well as being a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers practice squad.
Divens spent the 2012 offseason with the Tennessee Titans, but did not make the team when they cut down to 53 players for the regular season. He then spent the 2013 offseason with the San Francisco 49ers before getting injured and being released with an injury settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="19163983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163983" title="Order of Air Merit">
Order of Air Merit

The Order of Air Merit is an honour awarded to members of the Dominican Air Force. It was established on 3 August 1952.
The Order is in three divisions:
Within each division, the award is made in one of four classes:
The motto of the order is Courage and Loyalty.
Post-Nominal.
The person awarded with this honour should be added the post-nominal M. A. ("Mérito Aéreo", Spanish for "Air Merit") after his or her full name, in all the official papers and documents.

</doc>
<doc id="19164005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164005" title="John Aitkenhead">
John Aitkenhead

John Marchbanks Aitkenhead (21 May 1910 – 26 July 1998) was a Scottish teacher and co-founder (along with his wife Morag McKinnon Aitkenhead) of Kilquhanity School.
Born in Glasgow, he attended Eglinton School and Ardrossan Academy before completing degrees in English and Education at Glasgow University. He worked as a secondary school teacher in Argyle, Glasgow and Ayrshire. After spending two terms as an observer at A. S. Neill's Summerhill School, but there being no vacancy on the staff, he decided to found his own free school in Scotland.
Kilquhanity School, near Castle Douglas, south-west Scotland, opened in 1940, as both a boarding and day school. With some difficulty, Aitkenhead gained recognition as a conscientious objector, enabling him to continue the work. The school operated continuously until closing in 1995.
References.
Obituary: John Aitkenhead. "The Independent", 21 August 1998

</doc>
<doc id="19164027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164027" title="List of Ozzy Osbourne band members">
List of Ozzy Osbourne band members

After being fired from his band Black Sabbath, English heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne began his solo career in 1979. His initial band comprised himself, guitarist Randy Rhoads (formerly of Quiet Riot), bassist Bob Daisley (formerly of Rainbow) and drummer Lee Kerslake (formerly of Uriah Heep). Keyboardist Don Airey was brought in temporarily to record on Osbourne's first album, "Blizzard of Ozz", in 1980. After the recording of "Diary of a Madman", released in 1981, Daisley and Kerslake were fired from the band, replaced by Rudy Sarzo and Tommy Aldridge respectively.
On 19 March 1982, on their way to a festival in Orlando, Florida, a light aircraft taken without its owner's consent carrying guitarist Randy Rhoads crashed while performing low passes over the band's tour bus. In a prank turned deadly, the right wing of the aircraft clipped the bus, causing the plane to crash into a tree and finally a nearby house, killing Rhoads as well as the pilot. Bernie Tormé was the first to replace Rhoads, though only for a month, and was followed by Brad Gillis, who also left shortly after joining Night Ranger. Jake E. Lee was hired in late 1982, and remained as guitarist until 1987. Meanwhile, bassist Sarzo had left the band and been replaced by returning Bob Daisley. Tommy Aldridge was replaced with Carmine Appice in 1983, who was in turn replaced with Randy Castillo, who played drums for Ozzy Osbourne from 1985 to 1993.
Mike Inez was Ozzy's bassist from 1989 to 1993, and ex-Sabbath member Geezer Butler joined temporarily in 1988 and 1995. Lee left in 1987. He was replaced by Zakk Wylde. Wylde left in 1992, though he rejoined Ozzy soon after. Castillo also left in 1993, replaced by Deen Castronovo (currently with Journey). Robert Trujillo joined as bassist in 1996, Steve Vai and Alex Skolnick made brief appearances as the band's guitarist in 1994 and 1995, and Joe Holmes joined in 1995. Former Faith No More co-founder Mike Bordin has been the band's drummer since 1997. When Trujillo left the band to join Metallica, he was replaced by ex-Metallica bassist Jason Newsted briefly in 2003. Chris Wyse became his replacement until 2005, when Rob Nicholson became a full-time member. After more contributions from Joe Holmes and then Jerry Cantrell, Wylde returned to Ozzy's band in 2006, but was replaced by Gus G. because Osbourne felt that his songs sounded too similar to Wylde's band, Black Label Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19164034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164034" title="Umboza">
Umboza

Umboza were a house duo from Germany composed of Stuart Crichton and Michael Kilkie. They recorded for Positiva Records.
Umboza released a single entitled "Cry India" in 1995 which was a hit both in the U.S. and the UK which was based around a sample of Lionel Richie's hit All Night Long. The song peaked at #16 on the Billboard Dance Club Play Charts and #19 on the UK Singles Chart. A second single, "Sunshine", proved to be their biggest UK hit, reaching #14 in 1996 and was based around a sample of The Gypsy Kings hit Bamboléo. The track appeared on numerous compilations including "Now 34" and "Dancemania 3".

</doc>
<doc id="19164043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164043" title="Sergei Ordzhonikidze">
Sergei Ordzhonikidze

Sergei Alexandrovich Ordzhonikidze (; born on 14 March 1946 in Moscow) is a Russian diplomat. He was the Director-General of the United Nations Office at Geneva from 2002 - 2011. He was first appointed to the position by UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan in March 2002 and was reappointed by Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in February 2007.
Previously, Ordzhonikidze served as Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, a post he had held since 1999. From 1996 to 1999, he served as Director of the Department of International Organizations of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Between 1991 and 1996, he was Deputy Permanent Representative of the Soviet Union and then of the Russian Federation to the United Nations in New York. Before that, he was Deputy Chief of the International Legal Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1983 to 1991.
He started his career in the Soviet diplomatic service in 1969 and served in the Permanent Mission of the Soviet Union to the United Nations in New York City until 1975. From 1975 to 1978, he was Assistant to the Deputy Foreign Minister in Moscow. From 1978 to 1983, he continued to serve in his country’s permanent mission to the UN in New York.
Ordzhonikidze finished his study in the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1969 and completed his post graduate studies on international law at the Diplomatic Academy of Moscow in 1978. He is fluent in English and Spanish and knows some French.

</doc>
<doc id="19164046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164046" title="Patrick O'Flanagan">
Patrick O'Flanagan

Patrick O'Flanagan (born 1947 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish geographer and academic.
Career.
He is emeritus professor of the Department of Geography at University College Cork, Ireland. He was the former Head of this department. At present, he contributes regularly to the Socio-Territorial Research Group at the University of Santiago de Compostela (Galicia).
His research is mainly focused on Atlantic Europe - with a particular interest in Galicia and Atlantic Iberia - from the perspective of cultural and historical Geography. O'Flanagan helped to define and standardise the actual concept of Atlantic Europe. Other research deals with comparative evolution of port cities, rural change, housing and settlement studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19164081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164081" title="Pacts of May">
Pacts of May

The Pacts of May () are four protocols signed in Santiago de Chile by Chile and Argentina on 28 May 1902 in order to extend their relations and resolve its territorial disputes. The disputes had led both countries to increase their military budgets and run an arms race in the 1890s. 
1. - "Acta Preliminar": Argentina renounces to intervene in the Chilean affairs in the Pacific Ocean
2. - "Tratado general de Arbitraje": Frame contract to define how to resolve territorial controversies
3. - "Convención sobre Limitación de Armamentos Navales": The most famous of the protocols is the arms control treaty. It stated that Chile and Argentina sold off warships they had under construction in Europe and the disarmament of some ships already in service. As a consequence of territorial disputes both countries had begun to increase their military budgets and an arms race ensued in the 1890s. Of longer-lasting importance, the pact resolved the power projection competition by assigning each country a sphere of influence: Chile in the Pacific and Argentina in the Atlantic and Rio de la Plata. According to Rizzo Romano, it is the first arms control pact.
4. - "Agreement": to ask the Edward VII of the United Kingdom the demarcation ad hoc of his award of 1902.
During the Beagle Channel Arbitration Argentina brought forward the argument that the Pactos de Mayo implied a demarcation clause between both countries: Chile at the Pacific and Argentina at the Atlantic. Chile denied the argument; the pactos are not a border treaty and therefore no place is named as limit between the Pacific and the Atlantic, the Cape Horn is limit between both oceans is an Argentine convention.

</doc>
<doc id="19164084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164084" title="Masayuki Minami">
Masayuki Minami


</doc>
<doc id="19164088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164088" title="John Abel Smith">
John Abel Smith

John Abel Smith (2 June 1802 – 7 January 1871) was a British Member of Parliament (MP) for Chichester and Midhurst. 
He was the son of John Smith who preceded him as MP for Midhurst.
He married Anne Jervoise, the daughter of Sir Samuel Clarke Jervoise on 26 December 1827. He was the father of Hugh Colin Smith
Smith was a founding partner of the Hong Kong based trading company Jardine, Matheson and Co. and in 1835 became a partner in the merchant banking firm of Magniac, Smith & Co. along with partners Hollingworth Magniac and Oswald Smith at 3, Lombard Street, London. William Jardine agreed to make them agents for Jardines with the proviso that "At no time shall it be expedient that we should give up the option of carrying on transactions with other London houses." In 1841 the bank was renamed Magniac, Jardine & Co. when William Jardine became a partner on his return to England.
On 26 July 1858 Abel Smith and Lord John Russell, presented Lionel de Rothschild to the House of Commons. The Commons then voted to allow Rothschild, as a Jew, to take the oath on the Old Testament only.
Abel Smith Street, in central Wellington, New Zealand, was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19164131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164131" title="Wat Pa Ban Tat">
Wat Pa Ban Tat

Wat Pa Ban Tat (alternative spelling: Wat Pa Baan Taad; Thai วัดป่าบ้านตาด) is theravada buddhist monastery (Wat) in Udon Thani Province of Thailand. Wat Pa Ban Tat was set up by a famous Thai meditation bhikkhu called Venerable Ajahn Maha Bua.
History of Ban Tat Monastery.
In 1950 Ajahn Maha Boowa looked for a quiet, secluded place, and so he went to stay at Huey Sai village, in what is now Mukdahan Province. During his stay here he was very strict and serious in teaching the monks and novices, both in the subject of the austere dhutanga practices as well as in meditation. He pursued this method of teaching until these same principles of practice became increasingly established within his followers.
He then learned that his mother was ill and so returned to his village near Udon Thani so that he might look after her. Back at home, villagers and relatives requested that he settle in the forested area south of the village. They also asked him to make his residence permanent, as a favor to them, and to no longer wander in the manner of a forest monk. Through the donation of a piece of land of approximately , he would be able to establish a monastery. Considering that his mother was very old and that it was appropriate for him to look after her, he accepted the offer and began to build this monastery in November 1955. It was named Wat Pa Ban Tat.
"This monastery has always been a place for meditation. Since the beginning it has been a place solely for developing the mind. I haven‘t let any other work disturb the place. If there are things which must be done, I‘ve made it a rule that they take up no more time than is absolutely necessary. The reason for this is that, in the eyes of the world and the Dhamma, this is a meditation temple. We‘re meditation monks. The work of the meditation monk was handed over to him on the day of his ordination by his Preceptor - in all its completeness. This is his real work, and it was taught in a form suitable for the small amount of time available during the ordination ceremony - five meditation objects to be memorized in forward and reverse order - and after that it‘s up to each individual to expand on them and develop them to whatever degree of breadth or subtlety he is able to. In the beginning the work of a monk is given simply as: Kesa - hair of the head, Loma - hair of the body, Nakha - nails, Danta - teeth, Taco - the skin which enwraps the body. This is the true work for those monks who practice according to the principles of Dhamma as were taught by the Lord Buddha.“
The Wat and tigers.
Along the Khon Kaen - Udon Thani highway, at kilometer-post 555, 7 kilometers from the town of Udon Thani, is an intersection in front of Kum Gling village. Here is a sign and an arrow pointing out the tarmac road to Ban Tat village. Eight kilometers further down the road from Ban Tat village is a piece of land cool, shady and quiet. It is covered with forest well looked after, and protected by a concrete wall that encircles the area. Since this monastery was established 30 years ago, the general condition of the forest remains as it originally was, lush in vegetation of many types and home to many types of forest animals. The overall view is that of forest hilltop surrounded by rice fields. This is probably the only unspoiled piece of forest left in Mueng district, Udon Thani Province.
"There were three tigers and about three leopards that came and went. The leopards walked around the dwellings but weren‘t interested in human beings, only the dogs. They‘re used to eating animals, like dogs, which are dependent on man, and so whenever they hear a human voice anywhere, they‘ll sneak right in and peep around, looking here and there. If there are no dogs, they won‘t stick around long and will slip away. But if they find a dog, they‘ll keep after it until they catch it. They‘ll sneak around it and lie in wait, and as soon as the dog is off its guard, they‘ll immediately pounce on it. This is the way leopards are. So they were in this monastery around every dwelling area. How did we know? Well, isn‘t this place swept so that it‘s spotless? Even if a mouse runs by, don‘t we know about it? And these were big cats, so how could we help but see their tracks?“
The wilderness surrounding the monastery has disappeared since the area has been cleared for cultivation. The forest that remains inside the domain of the monastery is only a remnant of what the forest once was. Wat Pa Ban Tat has tried to conserve its remnant of the forest in its original, natural condition, so that monks, novices, and lay people can make use of its tranquility for the practice of the Dhamma taught by the Lord Buddha.
As the Venerable Acariya has taught repeatedly: 
"From a desire to make this teaching a reality, and not just a ceremony, comes a model for a lifestyle devoted towards serious practice. As a consequence, life goes on here with the utmost simplicity - making do with what little one has - and with great contentment."
The Relics of Saints.
In the display case stand urns containing the relics of Venerable Ajahn Sao Kantasilo Mahathera, Venerable Ajahn Mun, and Venerable Acariya Sing Khatayakhamo of Wat Pa Salawan. There also are pictures of the Elder Meditation Masters who followed them in the forest meditation tradition. These include: Venerable Acariya Waen Suchinno, Venerable Acariya Khao Analayo, Venerable Ajahn Lee Dhammadharo of Wat Asokaram, and Venerable Ajahn Fun Ajaro.
To these images, pictures and relics, the monks and novices pay their respects every morning and evening. From the sala are many paths running off towards the areas assigned as dwelling places for the monks and novices. The dwelling structures themselves - called kutis - are single units scattered throughout the dense forest. They stand fairly for apart and are separated from each other by strips of forest dense enough so that the inhabitants canít see one another. The whole area is tranquil and quiet, more so than the front area of the monastery which we have just mentioned. A monk will stay alone at his kuti without interactions with others. He spends all his time concentrating on his own practice - exerting himself in the practice of sitting and walking meditation in the area of his own kuti as if he were the only person around. He doesn‘t stop to chat with others, but follows in full detail the methods and forest practices taught by the Lord Buddha.

</doc>
<doc id="19164150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164150" title="Yutaka Demachi">
Yutaka Demachi


</doc>
<doc id="19164168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164168" title="Fred Birt">
Fred Birt

Fred Birt (10 November 1886 – 5 July 1956) was a Welsh international, rugby union centre who played club rugby for Newport and county rugby with Monmouthshire. He won seven caps for Wales but is most notable for his outstanding performance against the 1912 touring South African team for Newport. He was also a member of the Wales bowls team.
Rugby career.
Birt had an early connection with the game of rugby, and as a youth was a ball boy for Welsh rugby legend, Arthur Gould at Newport. He joined the club as a senior and was a member of the First XV in the 1906/07 season. In 1912 Birt was part of the Newport team that faced the touring South African side. The Springboks match took place on 24 October and Birt was central to the result. The Springboks played 27 games on the tour and only lost three, the first was to Newport. In the first half Birt kicked a drop goal, and the South African Meintjies shook his hand after he did so. In the second half the Springboks came back, scoring a try, but failed to complete the conversion leaving Newport still a point ahead. Newport won the game when after the Welsh kicked the ball towards the South African posts that van der Hoff failed to smother; Birt pounced on the loose ball and not only scored a try, but also completed the conversion. Newport won 9-3, all none points scored by Fred Birt.
Birt's first international appearance for Wales was in a win against England on 28 January 1911. In the game at St Helens and under the captaincy of Billy Trew, Birt scored his first points for Wales with a penalty goal. Birt scored his only other Welsh points with a drop goal against Scotland in 1912, and ended his international career a year later against England.
International matches played.
<br>Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19164170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164170" title="Nancy Wu">
Nancy Wu

Nancy Wu ()(born September 9, 1981) is a Chinese actress contracted to TVB.
Career.
In 1999, she participated in TVB's 18th Annual New Talent Singing Awards competition and finished in the top four. In 2001, she entered TVB's 3rd Annual Cover Girl Competition and won the Most Photogenic Award, the Most Fit Award, the Most Attractive Award, and the Overall Winner Award. Following that, she enrolled in the 18th TVB Acting Class and entered the entertainment industry.
Along with nine other TVB artists, Wu went to Hunan in April 2008 to participate in the show "Strictly Come Dancing - Season Two". She became the first participant of the show to achieve full marks in her individual dance. She also achieved full marks twice in the dance with her partner, Nathan Lee. Nancy and her partner were the favourites to win but came third place in the competition. Due to the number of full marks achieve in the competition, Nancy was given the title "Full Marks Dance Queen". "Strictly Come Dancing - Season Two" also brought Nancy a lot of functions regarding dance, and because of this colleagues in TVB have given her a nickname "TVB Dance Girl".
At the 2008 TVB Anniversary Awards, she won the Most Vastly Improved Actress Award based on "Wars of In-Laws II", "D.I.E", "The Silver Chamber of Sorrows", "Legend of the Demigods" and "Strictly Come Dancing - Season Two". "The Silver Chamber of Sorrows" also brought Nancy nomination in the Best Supporting Actress of that year.
In November 2012, Nancy received a Long Service Award from TVB for her contributions to the company. She was also awarded the TVB Best Supporting Actress award in December 2012.
References.
! colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | Asian Television Awards
! colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | My AOD Favourite Awards
! colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | TVB Anniversary Awards

</doc>
<doc id="19164175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164175" title="Regulatory Enforcement and Sanctions Act 2008">
Regulatory Enforcement and Sanctions Act 2008

The Regulatory Enforcement and Sanctions Act 2008 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which is designed to provide for more consistent enforcement of regulations across local authority boundaries, better co-ordination between local authorities and central government, and more effective enforcement of regulations. It also requires regulators to conform to certain principles. The Act was passed in response to the Hampton report, commissioned in the 2004 budget.
The Act has four parts:

</doc>
<doc id="19164191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164191" title="Tsutomu Koyama">
Tsutomu Koyama

Koyama died on July 2, 2012 of esophageal cancer, aged 75.

</doc>
<doc id="19164257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164257" title="Bhijer">
Bhijer

Bhijer is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 400 persons living in 87 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19164269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164269" title="Baituna al-Talhami Museum">
Baituna al-Talhami Museum

Baituna al-Talhami Museum () or the Bethlehem Folklore Museum is one of the largest museums in the Palestinian territories. It is located in Bethlehem, on Star Street. 
It was originally set up by the Arab's Women Union (AWU) in 1948, under Julia Dabdoub, as a center for Palestinian refugees fleeing their villages to eat, and practice in traditional embroidery for income. The AWU established the museum in 1979. It consists of two houses of typical Palestinian architecture, which include a renovated kitchen, a "diwan" room, a bedroom and an upper floor or "illeyeh". The contents of the museum included a collection of traditional Palestinian household items displayed in an old house. The amount of items increased after a campaign amongst Bethlehem's prominent families to donate their traditional belongings commenced. Many items were thus saved from withering away in the basements of homes. 
In 1984, the museum was expanaded to include an adjacent old house which had been restored. This new house, according Julia Dabdoub, "is one of the few authentic old houses left in Bethlehem… similar to the house in which Jesus was born." In 1992, Dabdoub donated her forty year collection of photographs, furniture, and works of art to furnish the upper room or "al-Illiyeh" which shows the life of Bethlehem residents between 1900 and 1932.
Although Baituna al-Talhami is run as a museum, it still serves and employs refugees, as well as host festivals celebrating Palestinian artists, poets and writers.

</doc>
<doc id="19164283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164283" title="Robert Short (East India Company officer)">
Robert Short (East India Company officer)

Robert Short (30 December 1783 – 1859) was a lieutenant-colonel in the 21st Madras Native Infantry, Honourable East India Company. He later became 54th Lord of the Manor of Solihull.
Early years.
Short was born on 30 December 1783 in Solihull, Warwickshire. He was born to John and Jane Short, née Mashiter. John Short was a well-known and respected surgeon in Solihull and Jane was from an aristocratic family on her mother's side. Thus, Robert Short had a comfortable childhood and enjoyed the way of life that Solihull and the surrounding area afforded him; 'Urbs in rure' ("town in the country") is the town's motto.
Short was educated at Solihull School with his five brothers. He was well-known within the school even prior to his acceptance. His maternal grandfather, Rev. Richard Mashiter, had been Headmaster until 1769 and his father was a Feoffee; a position he held for 57 years. The young Short is said to have enjoyed his days at Solihull and always showed sporting talent.
Career.
Following Solihull School Short joined the Army of the Honourable East India Company and achieved the rank of leiutenant-colonel in the 21st Madras Native Infantry at a high point in the Company rule in India. He retired as an Honorary Colonel on 9 September 1830.
He was offered another job by the East India Company in India although upon his return to England he married Mary Astle in 1835 and so wanted to remain in the marital home. He took several jobs as a Justice of the Peace in 1938 and served for a 20 year period. He was also elected to the position of Guardian of the Poor Law Union and then as its Chairman.
During his career he commended Solihull School to traders and his fellow officers resulting in an increase in reputation of the school.
Latter years.
He purchased the Lordship of the Manor of Solihulli in 1850 to become 54th Lord of the Manor.
He died in 1859 aged 75 and was buried at St Alphege on 2 July. Under his will the Lordship of the Manor passed to the Rev. John Couchman, eldest son of his sister Elizabeth. The Couchmans, who still live locally, remain Lords of the Manor. The Manor House, renamed Manor Cottage, passed to Robert’s younger brother, Tomas who was Deputy Master at Rugby School having been beaten to the Headmastership by one Dr Thomas Arnold.

</doc>
<doc id="19164286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164286" title="Angoor Ada raid">
Angoor Ada raid

The Angoor Ada raid (Urdu:صفف ﮑﹻﺨﺄ) was a covert raid conducted by U.S. Army Special Forces against Taliban fighters on September 3, 2008, within the border town of Angoor Ada in South Waziristan. It was the first time U.S. troops fought a ground-based battle against the Taliban within Pakistani borders. The raid took place at the same time as Pakistani military forces ended a four-week offensive in Bajaur, the northernmost Agency of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of which South Waziristan is the southernmost, an offensive that has displaced approximately half a million people.
Operations.
The raid occurred in the village of Moosi Neka (ﺙﻅﹿﺏ ﻑی) of the Angoor Ada region of South Waziristan, Pakistan, less than one mile (1.6 km) from the border of Afghanistan. The operation was executed at 3:00 AM local time (23h00 in UTC). Though the U.S. has performed missile strikes in Pakistan before, this is reportedly the first time U.S. troops have taken ground action within the country against Taliban fighters. According to some early reports, roughly twenty people, possibly including three women and four children, were killed in the raid. However, it is not clear whether these were civilians or combatants; an American official stated that the women killed were helping the hostile militants. 
Three Black Hawk helicopters carrying 45 U.S. special forces soldiers conducted the raid. Only one of the helicopters landed and unloaded, while the two others flew overhead providing surveillance and aerial support to the other team. Two F-16 fighter jets also provided air cover. The forces attacked three houses, owned by "Faujan Wazir, Faiz Mohammad and Nazar Jan Wazir." The entire operation lasted 30 minutes. All of the inhabitants were apparently asleep when the raid occurred, and after examination none of the dead proved to be "important terrorists or high-value targets." A U.S. military official stated that "a small number of militants captured and several others killed," but refused to comment on exact numbers.
Response.
A statement made by the Government of Pakistan said that "a strong protest by Foreign Office has been lodged with [the Government of United States," and "such acts of aggression do not serve the common cause of fighting terrorism and militancy in the area." On September 4, the Pakistani parliament passed a resolution condemning the raid and demanding increased American oversight and cooperation with Pakistani officials when conducting covert operations. Anne W. Patterson, the United States Ambassador to Pakistan, was called to the Pakistan Foreign Office, where a protest was lodged. In response to the raid, Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi told the National Assembly on Thursday, "There is no high-value target or known terrorist among the dead ... Only innocent civilians, including women and children, have been targeted."
In response to the raid, United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said, "I don't have anything for you on Pakistan, except to say that obviously we are working very closely with the civilian government there." Rice refused to comment on the possibility of civilian casualties. Reuters cited U.S. Pentagon officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, who confirmed that the raid was conducted by U.S. special operations forces.
The Chairman of the Pakistani Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee (JCSC), Gen Tariq Majid, stated that "Pakistan reserves right to retaliate".
On Saturday, September 6, 2008, Pakistan blocked a fuel route supplying U.S. and other western forces operating in Afghanistan in response to the raid. "We have told them that we will take action and we have already taken action today. We have stopped the supply of oil and this will tell how serious we are," said Pakistani Defence Minister Ahmad Mukhtar.

</doc>
<doc id="19164290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164290" title="Daniel Ojeda">
Daniel Ojeda

Daniel Ojeda (born February 23, 1986 in Santa Marta) is a Colombian soccer player. He currently plays for Bayamon FC in the Puerto Rico Soccer League.
Career.
Ojeda began his career playing for the Bogota-based club Academia in the Colombian Categoría Primera B, before moving to the Puerto Rico Islanders in 2007. He played primarily on the Islanders’ reserve team in his debut season, before being called up to the first team in 2008; he has since made over 20 appearances, helping the Islanders win the 2008 USL First Division regular season title and progress to the semi finals of the CONCACAF Champions League 2008–09. In 2009, Ojeda's playing time with the Puerto Rico Islanders decreased and he was loaned out to Bayamon FC in the Puerto Rico Soccer League. In 2010, he made his official move with Bayamon FC, terminating his contract with the Puerto Rico Islanders.

</doc>
<doc id="19164302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164302" title="1956 Cannes Film Festival">
1956 Cannes Film Festival

The 9th Cannes Film Festival was held from 23 April to 10 May 1956. The Palme d'Or went to the "The Silent World" by Jacques-Yves Cousteau and Louis Malle. The festival opened with "Marie-Antoinette reine de France", directed by Jean Delannoy and closed with "Il tetto" by Vittorio De Sica.

</doc>
<doc id="19164317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164317" title="The Phantom Band">
The Phantom Band

The Phantom Band is a Glasgow-based band consisting of Duncan Marquiss (guitar), Gerry Hart (bass), Andy Wake (keyboards), Rick Anthony (vocals and guitar), Iain Stewart (drums) and Greg Sinclair (guitars). They are often generally described as indie-rock but are known to utilize a variety of genres and styles. The band's debut album "Checkmate Savage" was released in January 2009 and the follow up "The Wants" in October 2010.
Early history (2002-2008).
The band initially performed and released material under various names, never sticking with the same band-name for long: NRA, Les Crazy Boyz, Los Crayzee Boyz, Tower of Girls, Wooden Trees. In 2005, using the adopted name Robert Redford, the band released a one-off CDR titled "The Mummy and Daddy Dance" on their own temporary label "Extreme Nudity", self distributed to independent record outlets in the UK, before removing all reference to it from their online presence and reforming under a new name, Robert Louis Stevenson. The sought-after release now only changes hands on online auction sites, and the only element trackable from the band's current incarnation is the presence of the track "Crocodile" (formerly "Crocodile Dundee") on their 2009 album "Checkmate Savage".
Under the title of Robert Louis Stevenson, they played a number of exclusive live shows in Glasgow (Stereo, Nice'n'Sleazy) and Edinburgh (Wee Red Bar) and released a limited run of 150 audio cassettes under band member Nobodaddy (Andrew's DJing alter-ego) and Hugo Paris' home imprint, 'Sweat on Cassette'. 
Regarding the band's early name changes vocalist Rick Anthony states:
We never really took things too seriously to start with so we didn’t think twice about changing our name so much, or asking promoters to pick ones for us. I guess it could be considered a little perverse, but it allowed us the freedom to experiment with different forms of music, and it was also kind of fun. I think we gradually realised that it was potentially as alienating for people as it was amusing for us, and once we had played a few shows under the name The Phantom Band, without anyone complaining, it made sense to stick with it. Also, by that point, we had reached a level of musical expression that was more in tune with what we were aiming for as a band, so I think we were all a bit more comfortable with the idea of settling on something.
In 2006 the band began using The Phantom Band as their name (apparently in reference to their elusive activities up to that point) and in 2007 released a 7" single "Throwing Bones" on London based Trial & Error Recordings. The critical acclaim of this single, their first fully distributed release, was the impetus for their signing to Chemikal Underground.
Prior to the release of their debut album the band appeared at a number of UK festivals including Hydro Connect 2008 (Your Sound Bandstand), Tales of the Jackalope 2007 (Unspecified Stage), The Wickerman Festival, 20 Jul 2007 (Solus Stage) and the Wye Fayre 2007, 07 Jul 2007 (Flying Monkey Stage) (Wye Fayre Review). They also played their first show outside the United Kingdom at the Crossing Border festival in Den Haag, the Netherlands in November 2008.
Checkmate Savage (2008-2010).
After signing with Chemikal Underground the band began recording their debut album early in 2008. Despite planning on recording the album in a few weeks in the labels Chem19 studios in Blantyre, the whole session ended up spanning many months and was mixed at Franz Ferdinand's studios in Govan. "Checkmate Savage" was eventually released in January 2009 to critical acclaim and it peaked on the UK Albums Chart at number 181 in February of that year.
The release of "Checkmate Savage" led to several UK and European tours for the band including sell-out shows in Glasgow King Tuts, London Macbeth, Inverness Hootananny and Manchester Deaf Institute. They also played in venues across Germany, France, Ireland, Belgium, the Netherlands and Switzerland. Festival appearances during this period include: T in the Park, Belladrum, Stag and Dagger (which took place in Leeds, London and Glasgow), London Calling in Amsterdam, the Storasfestivalen near Trondheim, The Great Escape in Brighton, Sound City in Liverpool and, towards the end of 2009, the prestigious Transmusicales festival in Rennes.
Early in 2010 the band once again returned to Chem19 to begin work on their second album.
The Wants (2010-2011).
The recording sessions for the band's second album were apparently quite difficult- even more so than the first record. Much of the music was written in the studio and under quite tight time constraints and this seems to have led to some difficulties within the band. Sometime in the summer of 2010, between the records completion and its release, the band parted ways with original drummer Damien Tonner. The band made a number of festival appearances around this time including the Commercial Alternative festival in Glasgow, the Standon Calling festival and the Electric Elephant festival in Croatia.
"The Wants" was released in October 2010 to critical acclaim. On the day of its release the band travelled to the United States of America to appear at the CMJ festival in New York. Directly after this the band supported Frightened Rabbit on a string of dates during their headline tour including shows in Boston, Philadelphia, Washington, New York and Chicago.
On returning to the United Kingdom the band embarked on a small tour of their own culminating in a sold out show at Oran Mor in Glasgow.
In March 2011 they completed a 2 month tour of Europe. Beginning in Ireland at the end of January the group then travelled through France, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Belgium, the Netherlands and Great Britain.
Throughout the summer of 2011 the band appeared on the stages of many UK and European festivals including: Latitude (Suffolk), The Great Escape (Brighton), Friends of Mine (Manchester), Walk the Line (Den Haag), A.F.F. (Genk), Tramlines (Sheffield), The Camden Crawl (London), Summer Sundae (Leicester), Belladrum (Inverness-shire) and T in the Park (Kinross-shire). At the T in the Park festival the band recorded a live acoustic version of the track "Everybody Knows it's True" for the final show of the BBC's festival coverage.
Discography.
Studio albums
Singles
Other projects.
Most of the band are active in other musical projects. Singer Rick Anthony writes and performs solo as Rick Redbeard, while drummer Iain Stewart is one half of experimental rock duo Bronto Skylift, as well as a member of progressive hardcore/metal band HUSH. Also some members of the band (mainly Duncan Marquiss, Andy Wake and Greg Sinclair) perform occasionally at art-related events as an improvisational ensemble called Omnivore Demon.

</doc>
<doc id="19164319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164319" title="Williamsport A's">
Williamsport A's

The Williamsport A's were a Class AA Eastern League affiliate of the Philadelphia Athletics in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. They played their home games in Bowman Field which is currently the home of the Williamsport Crosscutters of the New York-Penn League. The franchise had previously been known as the Williamsport Grays or Tigers and existed as the A's for just the 1953 season. The franchise was purchased at the end of the 1952 season by five anonymous businessmen from the Detroit Tigers. The ownership group moved to establish a working arrangement with the Philadelphia A's owned by Connie Mack.
The Williamsport A's struggled on the field. They finished in sixth place with a record of 65 wins and 85 losses. The first African-Americans to play professional baseball in Williamsport were members of the squad. Joe Taylor a veteran of the Negro Leagues and Héctor López who would go on to play in the majors with the A's and New York Yankees played the full season for the Williamsport A's.

</doc>
<doc id="19164363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164363" title="Jameel McClain">
Jameel McClain

Jameel Leshawn McClain (born July 25, 1985 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American football linebacker who is a currently a free agent. He was signed by the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Syracuse.
Early Years.
Jameel's prep career took place at George Washington High School in Philadelphia, PA where he recorded 230 tackles, 22 sacks,8 FFs and 13 FRs in his career. He was also a captain his senior season. 
Jameel was also a boxer during his grade school years. He trained at a gym in the city and competed in Gold Glove competitions in and around the area. He had a 6–1 career record with his only loss coming by decision.
College career.
McClain played college football at Syracuse University.
Totaled 170 tackles (82 solo), 21.5 TFL, 11.5 sacks, 3 FRs, 1 FF and 1 INT in his 4-year career at SU
Was one of nine players to start all 12 games as a senior and posted a career-high 77 tackles (39 solo), 1 sack, 1 FR and a blocked FGA
Named second-team All-Big East as a junior, finishing second in the conference and 18th nationally with a career-high 9.5 sacks
Was a semifinalist for the Ted Hendricks Award, given to the nation’s best defensive lineman
Started every game as a junior, posting 69 tackles, including 39 solo, 14.5 TFL, 1 FF and 1 FR
His 14.5 TFL ranked sixth on the SU single-season list
Saw action in 10 games, primarily on special teams as a sophomore, netting 20 tackles and a sack
Played in 11 games as a freshman and had 11 tackles and a FR
McClain wore number 52 as a member of the Orange.
Professional career.
McClain signed with the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He was the only rookie free agent to make the Ravens roster in 2008. In his debut season he played spot duty and some special teams work. He recorded 16 total tackles, a blocked punt, and two safeties & 2.5 sacks in the regular season. In the postseason, he accumulated 4 total tackles. He established a franchise record with 2 safeties in one season (sack of then Oakland Raiders QB Jamarcus Russell and a blocked punt). 
McClain started his first career game in 2009 vs. the Indianapolis Colts on November 22. He finished the season with a then career high 29 tackles from scrimmage and 33 tackles and a forced fumble on special teams. 
He started 15 of 16 games in 2010 finishing 3rd on the team (behind Ray Lewis and Dawan Landry) with a career high 91 tackles, 2 PD, 1 FR and 1 Sack. 
In 2010, McClain made a questionable hit on Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Heath Miller during their Sunday Night Football game on December 5, 2010. Diving for a pass, Miller was hit helmet to helmet by Jameel, knocking him out on the field. No flag was thrown or penalty called. On December 6, 2010, Jameel McClain was fined $40,000 for the hit on Miller, a fine that was later reduced to $20,000.
On February 27, 2014, McClain was released by the Ravens.
Personal life.
Off the field McClain has participated in many different philanthropic events. Since 2008 he has built a relationship with the Salvation Army Baltimore Area Command, becoming their spokesperson and speaking at their November 2008 kickoff event for the annual Red Kettle Campaign. In 2009 he and a bunch of fellow Ravens teammates participated in the Salvation Army's Holiday Gift Distribution by distributing gift packages to local families in need. He has also worked with the United Way on a number of their "Extreme Makeover" projects, helping to renovate the Woodmoor Police Athletic League Center and the Medfield Recreation Center.
Aside from his philanthropic participation with the Salvation Army he also has a personal connection to the organization. During his childhood there were periods of homelessness in which he, his mother and three siblings lived at a Salvation Army rescue center in Philadelphia, PA. "You'd just have nights where food was a figment of your stomach's imagination, where you would go to bed hungry," McClain recalls "Having the same jeans weeks at a time, sharing a room at the shelter with strangers and having to be there at a certain time, worrying that people were going to come in your room after you were asleep and mess with you...there were some tough times."
McClain used his experience at the Salvation Army to help build the foundation for his future, he earned a scholarship from Syracuse University to play football and then jumped at the opportunity to show the Ravens that he deserved to be a member of their team by being the only undrafted rookie free agent to make their 53 man roster in 2008. "My life has been one boxing match after another," McClain says. "No matter what gets thrown at me, I keep fighting."

</doc>
<doc id="19164368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164368" title="Villainaire">
Villainaire

Villainaire is the third full length album from The Dead Science, released in 2008 on Constellation Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19164380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164380" title="Right Time of the Night">
Right Time of the Night

"Right Time of the Night" is the title of a song written by Peter McCann which was a 1977 Top Ten hit for Jennifer Warnes.
Background.
The tracks intended to comprise the completed album "Jennifer Warnes", which Warnes presented to her label Arista Records did not include "Right Time of the Night". Arista president Clive Davis later told "Billboard": "If a such as Jennifer Warnes submits an album which is great but lacks a hit single, I and my A&R staff will say: 'Listen, you need a hit. Because you're not really going to break off FM airplay...So we gave her 'Right Time of the Night'." Warnes had recorded the original tracks for the "Jennifer Warnes" album with producer Jim Price; for Warnes' recording of "Right Time of the Night" Davis brought in Jim Ed Norman to produce, with Norman also producing "I'm Dreaming" which was another track added to Warnes' album on the basis of its having hit potential. Warnes recalled, "Clive picked 'I'm Dreaming' and 'Right Time of the Night', and he brought in Jim Ed Norman, who arranges strings for the Eagles, to give those songs very explicit tracks." "Right Time of the Night" was remixed by Val Garay.
"Right Time of the Night" had been recorded by its composer Peter McCann for his 1976 self-titled album - McCann's version served as B-side for his own 1977 Top Ten hit "Do You Wanna Make Love" - and as written and recorded by McCann the song featured a second verse whose lyric was felt had too masculine a resonance for Warnes to record. Warnes herself wrote a new lyric for the second verse which McCann rejected to eventually write a new second verse for Warnes' version himself. Prior to the release of Warnes' version of "Right Time of the Night", Bette Midler expressed an interest in recording the song but asked that the bridge be reworked, a stipulation McCann was still working on when Warnes' version reached the charts at which point work on a Midler version was dropped.
Impact.
Released at the end of 1976, "Right Time of the Night" debuted on the 29 January 1977 edition of the "Billboard" Hot 100 at #81, Warnes' first appearance on the chart in a nine year recording career. The track entered the Top 40 on the Hot 100 dated 26 February 1977 to eventually peak at #6 on for two weeks that May. A #1 Adult Contemporary hit, "Right Time of the Night" also became the first Arista release to reach the C&W chart where it peaked at #17.
Other versions.
"Right Time of the Night" also featured on 1977 album releases by Reba McEntire - on her self-titled debut album - and Lynn Anderson ("I Love What Love Is Doin' to Me"). Mary Mason recorded "Right Time of the Night" in medley with the Marmalade hit "Baby Make It Soon"; introduced on Mason's "Angel of the Morning" album, the track "Right Time of the Night/Baby Make It Soon" was released as a single in the UK in 1978. John Travolta's recording of "Right Time of the Night" was included on his 1978 album "Greased Lightnin"'. "Right Time of the Night" has also been recorded by Danny Ray with Shirley James, and by Anita Sarawak.

</doc>
<doc id="19164396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164396" title="Hendrik George de Perponcher Sedlnitsky">
Hendrik George de Perponcher Sedlnitsky

Hendrik George, Count de Perponcher Sedlnitsky (also Sedlnitzky), (The Hague, May 19, 1771 — Dresden, November 29, 1856) was a Dutch general and diplomat. He commanded the 2nd Netherlands Division at the Battle of Quatre Bras and the Battle of Waterloo.
Biography.
Family Life.
Perponcher was the son of Cornelis, baron de Perponcher Sedlnitsky, (scion of an old Huguenot Dutch family and of old Czech noble family that had fleed Bohemia after the 1621 Battle of White Mountain), a justice in the "Hof van Holland" (the high court of the province of Holland), and "Jonkvrouwe" Johanna Maria van Tuyll van Serooskerke. Though the family was not part of the Dutch nobility under the Dutch Republic it had acquired a number of "Heerlijkheden", like many Regents, which gave it a "de facto" aristocratic status. When King William I of the Netherlands reorganized, and greatly extended, the Dutch nobility in 1815, the family De Perponcher Sedlnitsky was inducted into the Dutch nobility with the title of baron. Perponcher was himself elevated to the rank of hereditary count by the King in 1825.
Perponcher married Adelaide, countess Van Reede on October 2, 1816. They had three sons and a daughter. The three sons all went into Prussian government service and achieved high rank.
Early career.
Perponcher entered the service of the Dutch Republic as a cadet in a regiment of dragoons in 1788. He was promoted to captain in 1792, and appointed aide-de-camp to Prince Willem George Frederik of Orange-Nassau, a younger son of stadtholder William V, Prince of Orange. With him he took part in the campaigns of the War of the First Coalition (he saved the Prince's life at the battle of Werwick of September 13, 1793) until the Republic was overrun by the revolutionary French armies and the Batavian Republic was proclaimed in 1795. Perponcher then followed his master into Austrian service, where Prince Frederik became a general. He was wounded at the siege of Kehl.
When Prince Frederik died on January 6, 1799 in Padua during an Austrian campaign in Italy, Perponcher transferred his allegiance to the British. He obtained a commission in a regiment of Jäger in British pay as a major. This regiment was sent to Egypt to fight the French in the Egypt and Syria Campaign of 1800-1801. He was wounded at the Battle of Alexandria. In 1804 he transferred as a major to Dillon's Regiment, which he soon thereafter commanded as a lieutenant-colonel in the Malta garrison.
In 1808 he was put in charge of the Loyal Lusitanian Legion as a colonel in the Peninsular War. He did not see action there, however, because he was recalled to England to become chief-of-staff of the Earl of Rosslyn's's light division in the Walcheren Campaign of 1809, where he saw action against his Dutch compatriots (now part of the Kingdom of Holland). After that campaign ended he resigned his British commission under threat of forfeiture of his Dutch possessions by Napoleon I of France, who annexed the Netherlands in 1810 and frowned on his new subjects serving in hostile armies.
Though without official duties, he was very active in Orangist circles during the next few years, which explains why he was selected as one of the emissaries of the Van Hogendorp triumvirate (that seized power in October, 1813, in the Netherlands) to Prince William to invite him to become Sovereign Prince of the Netherlands. The Prince soon afterwards promoted him to major-general and put him in charge of the nascent new Dutch army. He led the campaign against the retreating French, and besieged the fortresses of Gorinchem, Bergen op Zoom, and Antwerp in late 1813 and early 1814. After the First Peace of Paris in 1814 he was for the first time appointed Dutch minister plenipotentiary at the Prussian court in Berlin.
Hundred Days Campaign.
Perponcher was recalled from Berlin when Napoleon escaped from Elba in March, 1815. He was put in charge of the new 2nd Netherlands Division with the rank of lieutenant-general. This division was partially (second brigade under major-general Saxe-Weimar) bivouacked at Quatre Bras, partially (first brigade under major-general Van Bylandt) at Nivelles on the fateful night of June 15, 1815. When Saxe-Weimar received orders from the Duke of Wellington to evacuate the strategic crossroads at Quatre Bras, he alerted Perponcher, because he thought that could not be right, and Perponcher took the matter up with major-general Jean Victor de Constant Rebecque, the chief-of-staff of the Netherlands Mobile Army. Together they decided to countermand Wellington's order, and Perponcher also sent his other brigade to take up positions at Quatre Bras. The two brigades together (though far outnumbered) managed to hold off the onslaught of the French left wing under Marshal Michel Ney long enough the next day to allow Wellington to bring up British reinforcements. The allies defeated the French at the Battle of Quatre Bras on June 16. The next day the Anglo-Dutch army performed a strategic retreat to the environs of Waterloo.
Here Wellington decided to split up Perponcher's division (though leaving him in charge). The Saxe-Weimar brigade was put on the extreme left wing of the Allied army; the Bylandt brigade was eventually placed between the British brigades of Pack and Kempt. The placement of the Bylandt brigade at the beginning of the battle of Waterloo is the subject of some controversy, as many historians erroneously place the brigade in an exposed position, due to faulty staff work. Others credit Perponcher with giving the order to move the brigade to a safer position before the initial French bombardment started around noon on June 18. However, apparently Perponcher only executed an order from Wellington through the intermediary of the prince of Orange.
Both brigades performed well (despite what some British historians have written about the conduct of the Bylandt brigade, which ought to be contradicted by the appallingly high casualty figures of this brigade). Perponcher was in the thick of it, steadying the militia battalions of the Bylandt brigade after Bylandt had been forced to relinquish command, and leading them in a counterattack. He was made a Knight Commander of the Military William Order on July 18, 1815 in recognition.
Diplomatic career.
After the Battle of Waterloo Perponcher was right away returned to his post as Dutch envoy to the Prussian Court in Berlin. He remained in this post until 1842. At his retirement he was promoted to full general. Apparently these many years in Berlin completely assimilated his three sons (born in 1819, 1821 and 1827) to their new environment. They all entered Prussian diplomatic or military service, where they achieved high rank. (One was chamberlain of Emperor Wilhelm I).
Perponcher died in Dresden in 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="19164399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164399" title="Chiang Chih Chung">
Chiang Chih Chung

Chiang Chih Chung, or Chiang Chih-chung (zh: 江志忠), is a Taiwanese javelin thrower. He is Chinese Taipei's most successful representative at the Paralympic Games, having won two gold medals, in 2000 and 2004. He competes in the F13 category for athletes with visual disabilities. He set a world record at the Sydney Games with a throw of 57.28 metres, before setting a new world record in Athens with a throw of 59.38 metres.
At the International Blind Sports Federation World Championships and Games in Brazil in 2007, Chiang won a gold medal in the javelin, silver in the discus and bronze in shot put. As of January 2008, he had won seven gold medals in international competitions.
In 2004, Chiang was awarded the Order of Brilliant Star with Cravat in recognition of his Paralympic performances.
He was due to represent Chinese Taipei again at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, but was barred from attending by the International Paralympic Committee. The "Taipei Times" reported that no reason was given for the ban, even after the Chinese Taipei Paralympic Committee had requested an explanation from the IPC. A representative of the CTPC stated that the People's Republic of China may have "interfered for political reasons" to prevent Chiang from participating in the Games. The "Taipei Times" article was subsequently reproduced on the Taiwanese government's website.
Chiang is an Aboriginal Taiwanese, of the Bunun people, and originates from Kaohsuing County. He developed a severe visual impairment after getting cement residue and sweat in his eyes while working on a construction site. He was subsequently diagnosed with near-total vision loss.

</doc>
<doc id="19164414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164414" title="Chharka">
Chharka

Chharka is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 552 persons living in 101 individual households.
In the 2001 Nepal census it was found that 627 people had the religion of Bouddha and 7 people Hindus. It also stated that 544 people in 2001 were actually literate, 259 male and 285 female. there were also a total of 438 people that were non literate, 183 males and 255 females. Also according to the 2001 Nepal census there were a total of 634 people living in Chharka. Over one third of this population were in the age group of 4 to 19 years of age while only roughly about 9% of the population were the age of 50 or over.

</doc>
<doc id="19164425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164425" title="Dho">
Dho

Dho is a village in Dho VDC of Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 703 persons living in 146 individual households.
Dho and its neighbor village Tarap are collectively known as Dho-Tarap or Do-Tarap.
Also.
DHO - Deiterium Hydrogen Oxygen - formula of one sort of heavy water.

</doc>
<doc id="19164442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164442" title="Jufal">
Jufal

Jufal or Juphal is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. The 1991 Nepal census counted 1,513 persons in 300 households.
Jufal has Dolpa Airport, used by small propeller planes flying out of Nepalgunj. and Pokhara. They are the only practicable ways to reach Dolpo and Dolpa District's headquarters at Dunai from the rest of Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="19164469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164469" title="Kaigaun">
Kaigaun

Kaigaun is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 717 persons living in 135 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19164472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164472" title="Sambassadeur (album)">
Sambassadeur (album)

Sambassadeur is the debut album by Swedish band Sambassadeur.

</doc>
<doc id="19164498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164498" title="Karl Z. Morgan">
Karl Z. Morgan

Karl Ziegler Morgan (September 27, 1907 – June 8, 1999), was an American physicist who was one of the founders of the field of radiation health physics. Late in life, after a long career in the Manhattan Project and at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, he became a critic of nuclear power and nuclear weapons production. 
Born in Enochville, North Carolina, Karl Morgan attended the University of North Carolina, where he graduated with bachelor's and master's degrees in physics and mathematics. He continued graduate study in physics at Duke University, where he received a PhD degree in 1934 for research into cosmic radiation. He began an academic career as a faculty member at Lenoir Rhyne College, but in 1943 was recruited to work in the secret project to develop an atomic bomb.
Initially at the University of Chicago Metallurgical Laboratory and later in Oak Ridge, Morgan joined a small group of physicists who were interested in the health effects of radiation. 
Morgan became director of health physics at Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL), serving from the late 1940s until his retirement in 1972. In 1955 he became the first president of the Health Physics Society, and was editor of the journal "Health Physics" from 1955 to 1977. After his retirement from ORNL, he joined the faculty of Georgia Institute of Technology as professor of nuclear energy in the school of nuclear engineering, retiring from that position in 1982, when he became a consulting professor at Appalachian State University.
After decades as a "pillar of the nuclear establishment", Morgan had a "change of heart" about nuclear weapons production and nuclear power. He began to offer court testimony which was friendly to people who said they had been harmed by nuclear weapons and the nuclear power industry. In October 1982, he testified in a lawsuit brought by nearly 1,200 people who accused the government of negligence in atomic weapons testing at the Nevada Test Site in the 1950s, which they said had caused leukemia and other cancers. Morgan, then 75 years old, testified that radiation protection measures in the tests were substandard. 
Morgan also testified on behalf of Navajo uranium miners and their survivors, saying government officials had known about mine radiation dangers but had not protected the miners. He also testified in the case of Karen Silkwood against Kerr-McGee.
Morgan's autobiography, "The Angry Genie: One Man's Walk Through the Nuclear Age" was published in 1999 by the University of Oklahoma Press. He died in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, on June 8, 1999, apparently from a ruptured aortic aneurysm.

</doc>
<doc id="19164502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164502" title="Tripurakot">
Tripurakot

Tripurakot is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1717 persons living in 362 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19164511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164511" title="VICI Racing">
VICI Racing

VICI Racing is a Miami, Florida and Munich, Germany-based racing team with more than 20 years of experience competing at the topmost levels of international sportscar racing.
It competes in both GT and prototype categories, in Europe and the United States. VICI Racing is a wholly owned subsidiary of the VICI Group, which is composed of technology-led companies. VICI Racing roll call of wins includes GT victory in the Daytona 24 Hours. Founder and President is former professional racing driver Ron Meixner.
2008.
In 2008 VICI Racing partnered with Hughes Electronics and carried out a tire development programme in the American Le Mans Series for Kumho Tires. The team expanded to run 2 cars at the Utah Grand Prix, the 4th round of the season.
2009.
In 2009 VICI Racing ran the T-Mobile Porsche 911 GT3 RSR (2008) in the American Le Mans Series GT2 category. The team finished in 4th with Nicky Pastorelli and Johannes Stuck.The team finished fifth at the American Le Mans Northeastern Grand Prix The team skipped four races between the fifth round of the series at Lime Rock Park and the season finale at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca and did not return to the series in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19164514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164514" title="Gymnastics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's floor">
Gymnastics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's floor

These are the results of the women's floor competition, one of six events for female competitors in artistic gymnastics at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. The qualification and final rounds took place on September 17 and 25 at the Sydney SuperDome.
Results.
Qualification.
Eighty-three gymnasts competed in the floor event during the qualification round on September 17. The eight highest scoring gymnasts advanced to the final on September 25. Each country was limited to two competitors in the final.
Final.
Note: was disqualified on April 28, 2010 due to the discovery that she was underaged when she competed

</doc>
<doc id="19164518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164518" title="Health Physics Society">
Health Physics Society

The Health Physics Society (HPS) is a nonprofit scientific professional organization whose mission is excellence in the science and practice of radiation safety. The specific purposes of the society's activities include encouraging research in radiation science, developing standards, and disseminating radiation safety information. Society members are involved in understanding, evaluating, and controlling potential risks from radiation relative to the benefits.
The Society was formed in 1955, with an organizational meeting in June, 1955 at Ohio State University Columbus, Ohio. As of 2013, the membership consists of approximately 5,500 scientists, physicians, engineers, and other professionals. The headquarters are in McLean, VA. The society is an affiliate of the American Institute of Physics.
It publishes " Health Physics", a peer reviewed scientific journal, "Health Physics News" for material of interest to members, and "Operational Radiation Safety", It operates a public information website, ""Radiation Answers", and has begun a series of special publications (The first, "Radiation and Risk: Expert Perspectives" was published on March 2012.) It holds its annual meeting in July, and a mid-year meeting in January or February . The society's archives are held at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville,
Organization.
The society has 37 geographically based chapters, all in the United States, except for one chapter in the Georgian Republic 
Meetings.
The First Annual Meeting was held in 1956 at the University of Michigan. 
The 57th Annual Meeting of the society was held at Sacramento, California on July 22–26, 2012. 
The 58th was held July 7–11, 2013, in Madison, Wisconsin; the 59th for Baltimore in 2014 and the 60th for Indianapolis in 2015.
The HPS also hold "Midyear Topical Meetings". The 47th, "Nuclear Power Radiation Safety: Learning from the Past to Protect the Future" will be held 9–12 February 2014, Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="19164521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164521" title="Ralph Samuels">
Ralph Samuels

Ralph Samuels (born December 1, 1961, Anchorage, Alaska) Businessman and a member of the Republican Party and candidate for Governor of Alaska, that served as a State Representative of the Alaska State Legislature from 2002-2008 representing House District 29 and serving as the Majority Leader.
Educational background.
Attended schools in Anchorage, King Salmon, and Fairbanks and graduated from Metlaktla High School in 1979. He attended the University of Alaska, in Fairbanks from 1980 to 1985.
Positions as a Gubernatorial candidate.
See also Alaska Gas Pipeline.

</doc>
<doc id="19164523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164523" title="Steven Hauschka">
Steven Hauschka

Steven Hauschka (born June 29, 1985) is an American football placekicker for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League. He was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Middlebury College and North Carolina State.
Hauschka has also been a member of the Baltimore Ravens, Atlanta Falcons, Detroit Lions, Las Vegas Locomotives, and Denver Broncos.
Early life.
Steven Hauschka grew up in Needham, Massachusetts where he played on the Needham High School Rockets varsity soccer team and the varsity lacrosse team. He didn't play football for the Rockets even though he would eventually become a successful NFL kicker, playing seasons with the Baltimore Ravens, Denver Broncos and Seattle Seahawks. He graduated in 2003, and went to Middlebury College with intent to play division III soccer for the Panthers.
College career.
Middlebury College.
Hauschka graduated from Middlebury College in Vermont with a B.A. in Neuroscience in 2007. In 2003, he was cut from the men's varsity soccer team and finished the season on junior varsity. Prior to his sophomore soccer season, Hauschka was urged by a friend to try out for the football team. In his three seasons with the Panthers he was a two-time All-NESCAC selection as both a kicker and punter. He owns the school’s single-season and career records for field goals. He was named a District I Academic All-American by CoSIDA (College Sports Information Directors Association) during his senior year. Hauschka was also a member of the Middlebury College lacrosse team.
NC State.
After graduating with honors from Middlebury College, Hauschka enrolled as a graduate student at North Carolina State. Since Hauschka was cut from the Middlebury College men's varsity soccer team during his freshman season, he retained one year of eligibility and won the kicking job for the Wolfpack. He then had a great season, going a perfect 25 for 25 on extra points and 16 for 18 on field goals, which included a game-winning boot in a road game versus the Miami Hurricanes. Hauschka was signed by the Minnesota Vikings the following year.
Professional career.
Minnesota Vikings.
Hauschka was signed by the Minnesota Vikings in 2008 to share kicking duties with Ryan Longwell in the preseason.
Baltimore Ravens.
Hauschka was claimed off waivers by the Baltimore Ravens after being released by the Vikings. He was signed to the Ravens' practice squad on September 15, 2008. He was activated on October 30 to handle the long range field goals and kickoffs, sharing kicking duties with longtime Ravens kicker Matt Stover. His first professional field goal attempt came on November 9, 2008, against the Houston Texans, where he successfully hit a 54-yard field goal.
An exclusive-rights free agent in the 2009 offseason, Hauschka was re-signed on March 17 as the Ravens chose not to re-sign Stover. On November 17, 2009, the Ravens released Hauschka, after he missed his fourth attempt of the season; he converted 9 of 13 field goals (69.2%) in 2009.
Hauschka tried out for the Atlanta Falcons on November 24, 2009, and for the Dallas Cowboys on December 21.
Atlanta Falcons.
Hauschka was signed by the Atlanta Falcons on December 29, 2009 after an injury to placekicker Matt Bryant. He was waived on August 15, 2010.
Detroit Lions.
Hauschka was claimed off waivers by the Detroit Lions on August 18, 2010. He played two preseason games for the Lions due to the Lions starter Jason Hanson leg surgery. He was waived by the Lions on September 4, 2010.
Las Vegas Locomotives.
Hauschka was signed by the UFL's Las Vegas Locomotives on October 4, 2010. On October 8, Hauschka tied the league record with three field goals in one game.
Denver Broncos.
On December 12, 2010, the Denver Broncos signed Hauschka after a season-ending groin injury to Matt Prater. He was waived on September 3, 2011.
Seattle Seahawks.
Hauschka was claimed off waivers by the Seattle Seahawks on September 4, 2011.
In a week 10 matchup against the Baltimore Ravens, Hauschka tied the Seahawks record for most field goals in a game, by scoring 5 of them, leading Seattle to a 22-17 upset.
In the wildcard round against the Washington Redskins, Hauschka strained his calf, and was placed on injured reserve. On April 18, 2013 the Seahawks re-signed Hauschka.
In week 4 of the 2013 season, Hauschka kicked a 45-yard field goal to give the Seahawks a come-from-behind overtime victory against the Houston Texans at Reliant Stadium. The final score was 23-20, after trailing the Texans 20-3 in the first half. Thanks to Hauschka's game-winning kick, the Seahawks went 4-0 for the first time in franchise history.

</doc>
<doc id="19164546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164546" title="Pulidindi">
Pulidindi

Pulidindi is a village in Atreyapuram Mandal in the East Godavari district within the Andhra Pradesh state of India. 
Pulidindi is located 20 km from Rajahmundry City and 90 km distance from Kakinada. There are very good transportation facilities to this village. Pulidindi's pin code is 533235.
The population is 1200 (agglomeration 1500) (2006 census) and is located in the middle of the Godavari River delta.
Attractions.
The biggest attraction in Pulidindi is the River Godavari and canal.
The Sri Venugopala Swamy Temple, located in Pulidindi village, Atreyapuram Mandal, East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, is an unusual temple in that Krishna is depicted with a moustache.
Modern Culture.
Sattiraju Lakshmi Narayana (also known as Bapu) directed his first movie Saakshi (1967) in the village, and later made many more, including the movie Muthyala Muggu (1975) shot mostly on the Pulidindi Canal.
Transportation.
Rajahmundry is the nearest city that has train and airport facilities.
Banks.
Andhra Bank<br>
IFSC CODE : ANDB0000909<br>
MICR CODE : 533011728<br>
Branch Code : 000909
Presidents of the Village.
Current : Kanumuri VenkataSitaRamachandraVaraPrasada Varma

</doc>
<doc id="19164605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164605" title="Ratnanagar">
Ratnanagar

Ratnanagar is a Municipality in Chitwan District of Nepal. It is the second municipality in the district. Tandi was the major town of the former Village Development Committee that was incorporated into Ratnanagar. It is adjacent to Chitwan National Park, and serves as a gateway to the park.
Media.
To Promote local culture Ratnanagar has two Community radio Stations. one is Radio Arpan - 104.5 MHz another is Radio Chitwan 94.6 MHz. 

</doc>
<doc id="19164625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164625" title="Mountsorrel Railway">
Mountsorrel Railway

The Mountsorrel Railway was a network of industrial railway lines that served the granite quarries which dominate the Leicestershire village of Mountsorrel.
History.
As early as 1860 there were eight and a half miles of track serving the local quarries of the Mountsorrel Granite Company, now owned by Lafarge Aggregates. The line ran from the Great Central Railway at Swithland Sidings, around the quarries, over the Grand Union Canal at Mountsorrel, to the Midland Main Line at Barrow-upon-Soar.
The line fell out of use in the 1950s, the track was taken up in the 1960s, and most of the route was abandoned.
Restoration.
The line between Mountsorrel and Barrow is still followed by a mineral conveyor to Barrow, where quarry rock is sorted for distribution.
A local resident has been researching the railway and, as well as writing a book about it, is leading a project to rebuild the part of the railway going from Swithland to Mountsorrel. Donations have already come in for the project, including from Lafarge. The project will reinstate one and-a-quarter miles of new track to a small halt station under Wood Lane bridge. This will allow the villagers of Mountsorrel to catch a train for nearby and then onto the rest of the preserved network. The line climbs at a grade of 1 in 62, which when put into contrast with the gradients on the Great Central Mainline, is far steeper, as they only reached only 1 in 175.
Despite numerous examples, none of the original Mountsorrel wagons had been preserved, so three wooden-bodied open wagons (two 5-plank bodies and one 3-plank) which closely resembled the old ones were selected to be returned to service in the official light grey livery of the old Mountsorrel Granite Company.
Many open days have been held on the trackbed since May 2009, involving ecology groups and trackbed tours among children and adults. When finished the plan is to provide the Great Central Railway with a secondary attraction, recreating various scenes from the past including a time when children would ride in the open wagons during days out. 
At present the group have completed ballast laying over the first mile from the junction with the GCR to Wood Lane. On 10 May 2010 the track work began with the placement of a right-handed point at Swithland Sidings, the first part of the new junction. In June the group received a £5000 donation from the Great Central's support charity, bringing them closer to their goal to complete the track laying. An ex-British Railways AC Cars railbus which has been stored at the back of Loughborough since 2006 is also planned to be restored for use on the branch and the rest of the railway in general, with work due to start as soon as enough money has been raised. Work is due to continue as finances allow and the group are currently looking for more track, sleepers and fittings for the branch.
By May 2011 track had been laid over the first 300m of the branch line, which allowed the first trains to run on the railway since the track lifting trains in 1959. The group are currently in the process of fund raising for £16,000 to allow the next 450m of track to be laid.
By end of April 2012, phase 2 has been completed, with a further 250-300m laid and many hedgerows planted. With fund raising for phase three, well underway (£11,000 of £23,000 raised so far).
This will allow them to lay the next 500m of track and take the track to Wood Lane, on the outskirts of Mountsorrel
In early December 2012 track laying passed through the bridge at Wood Lane. Materials had also been secured to reach the end of the line at Bond Lane. By this time total project spend had been £90,000 with £9,500 still to be raised to complete the track to passenger carrying standards.
One of the original Mountsorrel locomotives was also preserved, Peckett and Sons 0-4-0ST Works No. 1759 "Elizabeth" of 1928. It is currently undergoing restoration at the nearby Rutland Railway (Cottesmore). It is a long-term ambition of the project team to return this locomotive to the railway in the near future.
The Preserved Line.
On 21 November 2013 the first passenger train travelled the railway towards Mountsorrel (hauling the project volunteers). Project leader Steve Cramp said on the day that “It’s been an emotional time for us all, everybody has worked so hard over the last six years to bring this vision to reality and it’s so nice to actually see a steam train get back up to Mountsorrel."
On 27 January 2014 planning permission for a simple 50m long platform built into the base of the cutting next to the bridge at Bond Lane was granted by Charnwood Borough Council. The platform will be constructed from concrete blocks faced with Mountsorrel Granite. The eventual aim for the new platform is to link up with Stonehurst Family Farm and Motor Museum bringing together the local community 

</doc>
<doc id="19164626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164626" title="Treasure Fever!">
Treasure Fever!

Treasure Fever! ( La Fievre du Tresor) is the first book of the "Schooling Around" series by Andy Griffiths. It was published in April 2008 by Pan Macmillan Australia.
Plot.
Mr. Brainfright (the substitute teacher) tells the class that a man has a goat, a wolf and some cabbage, and he needs to cross a river. There's a boat there, but it can only hold two things. If the man takes the wolf, the goat will eat the cabbage, and if the man takes the cabbage, the wolf will eat the goat. The class starts arguing about why he needs the things anyway, and why he needs to cross the river. To get them to try to work it out, he offers a lollipop to whoever gets it right, much to Henry's desire. While trying to work it out, Clive shoots spit balls at him. 
Although it's annoying, Henry uses the chewed up bits of paper to help him solve the problem, winning him the lollipop. At recess Clive and Fred, Clive's brother, claim that the lollipop is his, because he used Clive's spitballs to help him work it out. Fred and Henry then have a fight, until Mrs Cross stops it. Even though Fred started it, Mrs Cross blames it on Henry, as she and all the other teachers see him as a model student. 
As a result he gets sent to the principal's office. Expecting the worst, Greenbeard actually understands what he's talking about and tells him of a treasure full of things that he had, buried in a hill that he named "Skull Island", which had been stolen by another pirate! The object left in the chest was a note:
Search the Northwest Southeast seas
Search upon bended and bloodied knees
But of your riches you will only dream -
Greenbeard's pirates are no match for me.
McThrottle would go through all lengths just to find. He finds out that the line ""Dig for a thousand nights and a night"" was a reference to a book named "The Thousand and One Nights". He reads it, and discovers that the line ""But of your riches you will only dream"" is a reference to one of the stories in the book. The ending of the story leaves him to conclude that th
He asks another boy at class, Grant Gadget, to borrow his metal-detecting machine. The next day, Henry, his friends and Grant watch as the metal detector (or what he calls the "super charged treasure detector") blow up and reveal a key.
Unfortunately, gossip has passed around the school, Fred and Clive pop up again, and outsmart one of Henry's friends, Jack Japes, into revealing that a treasure does indeed exist.
Henry double-crosses Fred by providing him with a realistic-looking fake map and get back to work. Unfortunately, they are caught by Mrs Cross, who just happens to be passing.
Mr Brainfright to conduct an archaeological dig to find the treasure. They do indeed find the top of the treasure box with the help of Mr Brainfright's jackhammer. This annoys Mrs Cross and she leaves to the principal's office to request that Mr Brainfright be fired.
Gretel manages to dig out thechest, but Fred snatches it, and opens it up with the key. All that is found is a marble, a rock, a pencil, a yo-yo, a shark's tooth, a rabbit's foot, a black-eye patch, a plastic ring, a water pistol, and a football card.
Fred gets angry with Henry when he saw what was inside, and attempts to attack him. Instead, he trips over Newton's foot and falls into the hole where the treasure was found, giving time to grab it and race to Greenbeard's office.
Greenbeard gets so happy that his book was found, and saw that the bottom of the box had the initials - Mrs Cross' name before she was married!
Henry and his friends take one item each from the box, but it's not over yet - the pencil that Henry picks up turns out to be the Pencil of Doom!

</doc>
<doc id="19164636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164636" title="Randall High School (Amarillo, Texas)">
Randall High School (Amarillo, Texas)

Randall High School is a public high school located in the city limits of Amarillo, Texas (USA). It is part of the Canyon Independent School District located in north central Randall County and classified as a 4A school by the UIL. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Randall Raiders compete in the following sports:
Cross Country, Volleyball, Football, Basketball, Wrestling, Soccer, Powerlifting, Golf, Tennis, Track, Softball & Baseball, Bowling

</doc>
<doc id="19164644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164644" title="Murray McArthur">
Murray McArthur

Murray McArthur (born 4 May 1966 in Honiton, Devon) is a British stage, television and film actor. The son of a mushroom farmer, of Scottish parentage and red-haired, he often plays Scottish roles. He attended King's School, Ottery St. Mary, received a BA (Hons) degree in English and drama at Loughborough University and went on to study acting at the Drama Studio London. He has appeared in many stage-plays in British regional theatres and on London's West End (including the Royal National Theatre and Shakespeare's Globe). Much of his stage work has taken him overseas (Ahmanson Theatre, Los Angeles & Panasonic Globe Theatre, Tokyo); most recently playing Joe Gargery in "Great Expectations" at the Gate Theatre, Dublin in 2008 where his performance was described by "Irish Independent" critic Bruce Arnold. “Emphasis on the heart-warming relationship between Pip and Joe Gargery is a crucial part of the story, and the blacksmith, played by Murray McArthur in the best performance of the evening, achieves this. He captures the poignancy and tenderness of his affection for Pip”.
His most notable film role was in "The Last Legion" where he played a member of the 9th Legion stranded in Britain after the collapse of the Roman Empire. He played the father of a huge red-headed family in a KFC advert and is providing the voice-over for the Ginsters pasty TV campaign (2009).
Personal life.
McArthur was born and brought up in Devon, England, where he attended King's School in Ottery St. Mary. He was a member of the Devon County Youth Theatre. Married to Geraldine with two children Orla and Freya, he lives in South East London. He has one sibling, a sister.

</doc>
<doc id="19164657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164657" title="1967–68 Toronto Maple Leafs season">
1967–68 Toronto Maple Leafs season

The Maple Leafs entered the season as defending Stanley Cup champions. The franchise hosted the 21st National Hockey League National Hockey League All-Star Game. It was played at Maple Leaf Gardens on January 16, 1968. The Toronto Maple Leafs defeated an all-star team by a score of 4–3.
Offseason.
Players lost in Expansion Draft.
"The following Maple Leafs were lost to various franchises in the Expansion Draft."
Transactions.
The Maple Leafs were involved in the following transactions during the 1967–68 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19164689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164689" title="Piccolo Teatro Dell Opera">
Piccolo Teatro Dell Opera

Piccolo Teatro Dell Opera was a small professional opera company located in New York City. Founded in 1984 by Barbara Elliott, the company's goal was to foster an interest in opera in today's culture and provide performance opportunities for young professional singers just starting out in their opera careers. Notable singers to have performed with the company include Renée Fleming, Douglas Perry, and Jianyi Zhang. The company produced operas from the baroque period to contemporary pieces. From 1984 through 1997 its Chairman was Stephen Zelnick. The company has also had the privilege of being supported in benefit concerts or performances by such individuals as Tony Randall, Paul Sorvino, Luciano Pavarotti, Samuel Ramey, Gian Carlo Menotti, and Mirella Freni, among others. With the passing of Mme. Elliott in 1997, the company withdrew from the New York opera scene.

</doc>
<doc id="19164725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164725" title="Visit to Ukraine">
Visit to Ukraine

Visit to Ukraine - is the first studio album of Sofia Rotaru, released by the APON label in 1975 in Canada and USA with 10 tracks. The album is one of the earliest releases of the singer abroad.
Languages of performance.
Songs are performed in Ukrainian language.

</doc>
<doc id="19164769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164769" title="Deflavorizing machine">
Deflavorizing machine


</doc>
<doc id="19164804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164804" title="Alpha Doradus">
Alpha Doradus

Alpha Doradus (Alpha Dor, α Doradus, α Dor) is the brightest star in the southern constellation of Dorado. The distance to this system, as measured using the parallax method, is about .
This is a binary star system with an overall apparent visual magnitude that varies between 3.26 and 3.30, making this one of the brightest binary stars. The system consists of a subgiant star of spectral type B revolving around a giant star with spectral type A in an eccentric orbit with a period of about 12 years. The orbital separation varies from 2 astronomical units at periastron to 17.5 astronomical units at apastron. The primary, α Doradus A, is a chemically peculiar star whose atmosphere displays an abnormally high abundance of silicon, making this an Si star.
Alpha Doradus has an optical companion, CCDM J04340-5503C, located 77 arcseconds away along a position angle of 94°. It has no physical relation to the other two stars.

</doc>
<doc id="19164837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164837" title="Illana Diamant">
Illana Diamant

Illana Diamant (; born 1961), better known as Illana Shoshan () is an Israeli model, actress and film producer social activist for women empowerment and women's rights
Biography.
Shoshan was born in Israel, where she was Miss Israel. She went on to become an international model, which brought her to the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute in New York where she studied acting. She then moved from New York to Los Angeles, where she studied film at UCLA. She was also crowned Miss Israel in 1980. 
Within 2 years of moving to Los Angeles, Illana produced her first film, Joshua Tree, starring Dolph Lundgren. After marrying husband Moshe Diamant, the couple formed Signature Entertainment, where Illana is Head of Development. She also served as Casting Director on Signature films including Hairy Tale, The Body and Knock Off, and developed and produced the upcoming Funky Monkey from Warner Brothers.
Shoshan produced Imaginary Heroes written and directed by Dan Harris starring Emile Hirsch, Sigourney Weaver and Jeff Daniels.
Modeling again at age 48, Illana Shoshan Diamant led the fashion campaign for the Israeli Fashion line CRAZY LINE.
In 2010, on the 60th anniversary of the Miss Israel pageant, Illana was elected Miss Israel of All Time (Queen of Queens) in an open vote.
Illana supports the organization Economic Empowerment for Women in Israel and is co-founder of the Women's Empowerment Foundation in Los Angeles. ilana participated Tedx holyland in 2010 speaking on" Breaking the mold and rising above" . illana gives motivations talks to women in the us and Israel for that she was picked as one of the 10 top women in the Jewish world.
Marriage and children.
Mother to Michael and Ellie.

</doc>
<doc id="19164845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164845" title="Miracle of Love (disambiguation)">
Miracle of Love (disambiguation)

Miracle of Love may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19164868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164868" title="Estado Aragonés">
Estado Aragonés

Estado Aragonés ('Aragonese State' in English) was a small Aragonese left-wing political party, and the first regarded as fully nationalist. It was founded in Barcelona in the winter of 1933, during the Second Spanish Republic. Many of their members came from Unión Aragonesista and had their origins in the north-east Aragonese region of Ribagorza. The president was Gaspar Torrente.
The youth wing of the party, "Los Almogávares" ('The Almogavars'), headed by Luis Porté, supported the declaration of the Catalan Republic by Lluis Companys in 1934, what lead to their headquarters being closed down. The organization was quite inactive until 1936, when they opened a new head office and Miguel Alcubierre was elected as the president of the youth wing. He started a campaign for self-government in Aragon which aroused the interest of the rest of left-wing Republican parties. 
Those actions led to a Congress taking place in Caspe (Saragossa) at the beginning of May in 1936, with Torrente as the chairman. The result was the draft of a Statute of Autonomy for Aragon, which would not come to the light due to the onset of the Spanish Civil War. By 1939 the party had ceased to exist.
"Renacimiento Aragonés" ('Aragonese Revival') was the party's official publication. The party was in good relations with the Catalan party Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya.
Estau Aragonés.
In 2006, Estau Aragonés ("Estado Aragonés" in Spanish, "Estat Aragonès" in Catalan) was founded as a new political party, inspired by the one of 1933 in a sort of refoundation. It aims for the independence of Aragon and the liberation of the Aragonese working class. The youth wing is Astral-Mozardalla d'Estau Aragonés.
In 2007, both Estau Aragonés and Astral, along with other Aragonese pro-independence organizations (Chobenalla, Puyalón, A Enrestida and the Aragonese Workers' Union, STA) formed a political bloc, called "Bloque Independentista de Cuchas" (Aragonese for 'Left Independentist Block').

</doc>
<doc id="19164879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164879" title="The Crimson Kimono">
The Crimson Kimono

The Crimson Kimono is a 1959 film noir directed by Samuel Fuller. The film stars James Shigeta, Glenn Corbett and Victoria Shaw.
It featured several ahead-of-its-time ideas about race and society's perception of race, a thematic and stylistic trademark of Fuller.
Plot.
The film is essentially about two cops, friends and Korean War veterans, Detective Joe Kojaku (James Shigeta) and Detective Sgt. Charlie Bancroft (Glenn Corbett), who attempt to solve the murder of a local entertainer. A love triangle soon develops between a key witness, Christine Downes (Victoria Shaw), and the two principal leads.
Reception.
Critical response.
The staff at "Variety" magazine said of the film, "The mystery melodrama part of the film gets lost during the complicated romance, and the racial tolerance plea is cheapened by its inclusion in a film of otherwise straight action...The three principals bring credibility to their roles, not too easy during moments when belief is stretched considerably. Anna Lee, Paul Dubov, Jaclynne Green and Neyle Morrow are prominent in the supporting cast."
More recently, Ed Gonzales of "Slant Magazine" liked the film and wrote, "The opening is a triumph of grungy lyricism achieved through snaky cutting and blunt compositions: Sugar Torch (Gloria Pall), a blond and bodacious piece of stripper meat, is shot to death in the middle of a Los Angeles street after witnessing a murder inside her dressing room. The tenor of the film oscillates between tight-fisted noir and chamber drama, but the theme is always the same: cultural and romantic unrest...Fuller's feat is giving the film's nonstop interrogations, meetings and confrontations profound racial and political meaning."

</doc>
<doc id="19164893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164893" title="Guaranteed consumer funding">
Guaranteed consumer funding

Guaranteed Consumer Funding is a type of credit similar to layaway, which allows consumers to purchase items on a payment plan regardless of their credit history.
This process requires signing a contract in which the consumer promises to make all of the payments in full by their due date. In return they will receive guaranteed credit and are allowed to use the product as they pay it off.
With this type of loan the consumer does not receive their purchased items right away, as they would using traditional credit purchasing methods. Instead they are expected to make a predetermined number of timely payments as a show of good faith. If those requirements are met, the consumer may collect their purchased items and continue to make the payments until the contract has been fulfilled and the item has been paid off. However, the item will cost as much as four times the actual value of the item. There have been many complaints from people that did not get the item, even after it was paid for in full.
Due to the nature of the purchase and the terms of extended credit, generally these services do not have a cancellation or refund policy. However this information must be part of the signed contract in order to be enforced.
Along with secured loans / credit and layaway programs, guaranteed consumer funding is a good way to help re-build bad credit and establish credit for those without. Many "Credit Repair" claims are scams.
Seeing a payment contract to completion generally results in a positive report to the credit bureaus on your behalf.
If a contract is signed for the guaranteed credit services, than the consumer is protected by the truth in lending act which requires lenders to fully disclose all terms of the agreement to potential customers. These terms include but are not limited to: duration of the loan, required payments & their due dates, cancellation / refund policy, availability of the merchandise, and total cost to the consumer.

</doc>
<doc id="19164911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164911" title="List of Asia Pacific Floorball champions">
List of Asia Pacific Floorball champions

This is a List of Asia Pacific Floorball Champions, including runners-up. An Asian Pacific Floorball Championship is awarded to the team which wins in the finals of that year's Asia Pacific Floorball Championships.
The most recent Asia Pacific Floorball Champions are Japan, who won in both the men's and women's categories.
The Asia Pacific Floorball Championships are organized by the Asia Oceania Floorball Confederation.
Women's Asia Pacific Floorball Championships.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19164936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164936" title="Erkki Nghimtina">
Erkki Nghimtina

Erkki Nghimtina (born 16 September 1948) is a Namibian politician. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO), Nghimtina has been a member of the National Assembly of Namibia since 1995 and the Minister of Mines and Energy since 20 March 2005. As of 2013 he is the Minister of Works and Transport.
Personal.
Erkki Nghimtina was born in Eembidi in Ovamboland (now Ohangwena Region) in September 1948 to Meriam Shopati and Johannes Nghimtina. He began working in 1970 as a clerk in Oshakati and from 1972-73 in the postal services of South West Africa. He has 13 children; 8 daughters and 5 sons.
Politics and exile.
Exile.
Nghimtina fled into exile with SWAPO in 1974 to Oshatotwa, Zambia. From Zambia, he left to the Soviet Union, where he trained as a military radio specialist until 1976. Returning to Zambia, Nghimtina became instructor and later supervisor for the eastern front of the Namibian War of Independence until 1979. From 1979-1982, the Eembidi native was the Director of Communications at Shilumbaba in Zambia while earning a diploma from the University of Rostock in the German Democratic Republic. From 1983-1989, he was the director of communications for the People's Liberation Army of Namibia (PLAN) wing of SWAPO. 
Return to Namibia.
Nghimtina returned to Namibia for the first time in 15 years in 1989. He entered the Namibia Defence Force in the rank of Colonel and lasted in that post until retirement from active duty in 1995. While in the Namibian military, Nghimtina worked extensively with Southern African Development Community and African Union on regional and continental security measures.
Political career.
Upon retirement from the military in 1995, Nghimtina was selected to the position of deputy Minister of Defence which lasted until his promotion to Defence Minister in 1997. In 1997, he was also selected to the SWAPO Central Committee. 
Political stances.
In 2001, while speaking in the Kavango Region as Minister of Defence, Nghimtina denounced and threatened Namibian collaborators with the Angolan rebel group UNITA while the Angolan Civil War was coming to a close. He said that the Military of Namibia would not allow people to die because collaborators were Namibians.
Nghimtina consistently opposed the Iraq War, slamming it both immediately prior to and a year into it as a move by powerful nations to impose their will on weaker ones.
2008 controversy.
In September 2008, Nghimtina was accused of aiming a firearm at a young relative and firing a shot in his direction. He allegedly did this because the teenager had joined the opposition Rally for Democracy and Progress (RDP). At a press conference held by RDP following the events, Jesaya Nyamu, acting secretary of the party, called it an attempted murder. Following the press conference, President Hifikepunye Pohamba called Nghimtina into the State Houseto discuss the matter, which led to Nghimtina's forced resignation from both the National Assembly of Namibia and his Ministerial position. However, following a meeting of high-level government and party officials including SWAPO secretary Pendukeni Iivula-Ithana, the Minister was recalled to the State House and simply reprimanded, allowing him to retain his office. However, shortly thereafter, Nghimtina was heavily interrogated by Namibian police concerning the shooting. Infuriated by the interrogation, he resigned again. On 2 September, Nghimtina told the Namibian newspaper that he had not resigned and other party officials called his resignation just speculation. President Pohamba left for Zambia for the state funeral of former President Levy Mwanawasa and was unable to immediately clear up the confusion. The next day, it was reported the Nghimtina had withdrawn his letter of resignation and return to his post after prominent SWAPO leadership other than President Pohamba overruled Pohamba's dismissal.

</doc>
<doc id="19164966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19164966" title="Ebrahim Ghaderi">
Ebrahim Ghaderi

Ebrahim Ghaderi is an Iranian Taekwondo athlete who won the first gold medal in Taekwondo for Iran at the Asian Games 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19165027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165027" title="Judy Clinco">
Judy Clinco

Judy Clinco (Judith Briggs Clinco) (born c. 1948) is an American registered nurse and advocate for long-term patient care. 
Clinco was born in New York City. She moved to Tucson, Arizona in 1978 after receiving a degree in Nursing. Clinco became involved in Home Health Care sector starting the Tucson based In-Home Care Company Catalina In-Home Services in 1981. She formed the non-profit Direct CareGiver Association in 2000 training Direct Care Workers and continues as the organizations president. She is founder and president of the Arizona Direct Care Worker Alliance which is a membership based organization for direct care workers. Clinco organized the community based Old Fort Lowell Live-at-Home program 1997. She has become a leader and advocate in the long-term care sector in Arizona and Nationally serving on numerous local, state and national boards and committees.

</doc>
<doc id="19165032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165032" title="Julian West (politician)">
Julian West (politician)

Julian West (born January 7, 1964 in England) is a mathematician, political and environmental activist from British Columbia, Canada.
Early life and career.
West moved with his family to British Columbia, Canada in 1968. As a high school student, he represented Canada in Canada's first participation at the International Mathematical Olympiad in Washington, DC, USA in 1981, earning a bronze medal. After attending high school in Vancouver, West earned a B.Sc. in Mathematics from the California Institute of Technology in 1985 and a Ph.D. in Applied Mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1990, under the supervision of Richard P. Stanley. He has taught at universities in Canada, France and the United States, and currently resides in Bristol, England.
Green Party.
In 1995, West joined the Green Party of British Columbia and the Green Party of Canada. He ran provincially as a Green in the constituency of Cowichan-Ladysmith in 1996, losing to NDP incumbent Jan Pullinger. West held many high-level positions within the Green Party, notably serving as the chair of the provincial organizing committee, and later as the chair of the federal organizing committee. He was the Green Party's representative on Elections Canada's Advisory Committee of Political Parties from 1997 until 2003.
West was associated with the left-wing progressive element of the Green Party. He left the Green Party of British Columbia after Stuart Parker was ousted as its leader in March, 2000, and left the Green Party of Canada in 2003, citing differences with its new leader Jim Harris.
Electoral reform advocacy.
West has been one of the most prominent advocates for proportional representation in Canada. He has served on the board of directors of Fair Vote Canada continuously since it was founded in 2000, and has held similar positions in British Columbia organizations including Fair Voting BC.
In September 2004, West was one of nine British Columbians chosen to address the Citizens' Assembly on Electoral Reform in plenary session. He spoke in favour of the selection of BC-STV as a new voting system for the province. West later campaigned in favour of BC-STV in the 2005 referendum.
NDP candidacies.
West joined the New Democratic Party in October 2003. He was an unsuccessful candidate for his party's nomination in Esquimalt-Juan de Fuca for the 2004 federal election, and in Cowichan-Ladysmith for the 2005 BC provincial election.
On April 21, 2007, West defeated three other candidates to win the NDP nomination in the riding of Saanich-Gulf Islands for the 2008 federal election.
On September 23, 2008, after some controversy and allegations of impropriety, West withdrew his candidacy for the Saanich—Gulf Islands seat. Because the nomination deadline had already passed, West's withdrawal was too late for a new NDP candidate to be nominated. West's name remained on the ballot and although he ran no campaign, he garnered 5.69% of the vote.
Electoral record.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|24,570
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|117
!align="right"|0.47%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|24,687
!align="right"|73.97%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="19165036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165036" title="George W. Crane">
George W. Crane

Dr. George W. Crane (b. 1901 d. July 17, 1995) was a psychologist and physician, best known as a conservative syndicated newspaper columnist ("Worry Clinic", "Test Your Horse Sense") for 60 years (he had previously written campaign speeches for Calvin Coolidge), and published at least three books. He was the father of Republican U.S. congressmen Phil and Dan Crane. 
In the 1930s, Crane developed and distributed many pamphlets concerning life, emotional health and marriage. One of them, "Tests for Husbands and Wives," remains a topic of discussion even into the 21st century. This pamphlet contained evaluation charts for both husbands and wives, who could score themselves and others according to a 100-point scale. The tests were composite opinions of 600 husbands and wives, and included their most frequently voiced flaws and virtues. Crane summarized these opinions, and allocated points that reflected his "judgement as a psychologist and physician." While many of the evaluations reflect lifestyles of the day, taking points off for wives with crooked stocking seams or wearing red nail polish, the pamphlet advocated a degree of sexual equality; the only twenty-pointer in the test was for the husband: "Ardent lover - sees his wife has orgasm in marital congress." 
In 1957, he founded the Scientific Marriage Foundation, which claimed to have arranged over 5,000 marriages. Applicants would fill out forms, provide character references and photographs, and interview a local counselor of the foundation, who would provide an assessment of the candidate. The information was sent to the foundation in Mellott, Indiana, which would process the data with an IBM sorting machine, and pair up men and women according to their expected compatibility. Advised by religious leaders of the day, such as Rev. Norman Vincent Peale, Rabbi George Fox and Methodist Bishop Gerald Kennedy, it was one of the first computer dating organizations. Crane's Foundation predated the pioneering Tarr, Crump, and Ginsberg computer dating system by several years.
His articles consistently emphasized the use of logic in approaching life and solving problems. However, the logic presented in his columns was often unorthodox. As an example, in an article entitled,"Why Men are Superior to Women," Crane offered the argument in support of his thesis, "How many women have you heard about, who were shepherds?"
One of Dr. Crane's long-standing philosophies theorised that the reason for marital conflict was a lack of sufficient quantities of "boudoir cheesecake," i.e., connubial bliss.
He wrote a psychology textbook entitled "Psychology Applied" which was in print from 1932 to 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19165043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165043" title="Ali Hajipour">
Ali Hajipour

Ali Hajipour is an Iranian Taekwondo athlete who won the silver medal in Taekwando for Iran at the Asian Games 1986.
References.
http://www.geocities.com/armtkd/asia.htm (Archived 2009-10-25)

</doc>
<doc id="19165103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165103" title="Canadian Tour 1983">
Canadian Tour 1983

Canadian Tour 1983 - is the third studio album of Sofia Rotaru, recorded in Ukraine. The album was released in 1983 in Canada and USA with 12 tracks (two side vinyl). The given album is not part of the official discography of Sofia Rotaru and is therefore one of the earliest releases of the singer abroad. The release of the album followed the concert tour in Canada in 1983. After the album was released the Soviet concert administration put in effect interdiction to Sofia Rotaru to leave the Soviet Union for 5 consecutive years due to her increasing popularity in the West. In 1983, American musical critics describe Sofia as a widely known singer in the USA and Canada, whereas Western European musical critics call her the Soviet Nana Mouskouri.
Languages of performance.
Songs are performed in Ukrainian language.

</doc>
<doc id="19165131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165131" title="James Cropper (businessman)">
James Cropper (businessman)

Sir James Anthony Cropper KCVO (born 22 December 1938) is the current Lord-Lieutenant of Cumbria, and the former chairman of James Cropper, speciality paper makers, of Burneside.
He served as High Sheriff of Westmorland for 1971. 
He was appointed Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO) in the 2011 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19165184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165184" title="Jordan Senn">
Jordan Senn

Jordan Senn (born June 11, 1984) is an American football linebacker for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League. He was signed by the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Portland State.
Early years.
Senn graduated from Beaverton High School in 2003.
Professional career.
Indianapolis Colts.
After making the team as an undrafted free agent in the 2008 season and playing a role on special teams and as a backup linebacker, Senn made the initial 53-man roster for the team in 2009, only to be released on September 7, 2009 when the team signed former Arizona Cardinals safety Aaron Francisco.
Senn was re-signed to the active roster on September 23. He was waived on October 7.
Carolina Panthers.
Senn was signed by the Carolina Panthers on November 24. After playing mostly on special teams for 2010, he entered 2011 as 3rd on the depth chart at linebacker. He played mostly special teams again for the first half of the season. Due to a rash of injuries, he ended up starting at weakside linebacker for the final 7 games of the season, responding with 71 tackles, 3 forced fumbles and an interception. This was one of the highest tackle totals in the NFL for that 7 game period. He was also the smallest starting linebacker in the NFL for that period, height and weight combined.
On April 12, 2012 he was re-signed by the Carolina Panthers, and served as the Panthers special teams captain for the 2012 season. 

</doc>
<doc id="19165193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165193" title="Clyde (Metra station)">
Clyde (Metra station)

Clyde is a closed station on Metra's BNSF Railway Line. The station was located at 29th St. and Austin Blvd., in Cicero, Illinois. Clyde was from Union Station, the eastern terminus of the BNSF railway line. In Metra's zone-based fare system, Clyde was located in zone B, on the west end of the Cicero Railroad Yard. Clyde was closed on April 1, 2007, due to low ridership; to compensate for the loss of the station, Metra announced that it would rehabilitate the adjacent Cicero and LaVergne stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19165238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165238" title="Norbert Kückelmann">
Norbert Kückelmann

Norbert Kückelmann, (born May 1, 1930) is a German film director, screenwriter and lawyer. He was born in Munich, During the 1950s he studied law and worked part-time as a film critic. After graduation he worked as a lawyer in Munich and Mainz. In 1965 he founded together with Alexander Kluge and Hans-Rolf Strobel the Young German Film Committee (. Continuing to work as a lawyer he directed his first film "Die Sachverständigen" in 1973. At the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival the film won a Silver Bear. His first film also won the Deutscher Filmpreis - Best Feature Film. At the 34th Berlin International Film Festival, his film "Man Under Suspicion" also won a Silver Bear. Two years later, he was a member of the jury at the 36th Berlin International Film Festival.
Norbert Kückelmann is the brother of the actress Gertrud Kückelmann.

</doc>
<doc id="19165258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165258" title="Stephen Kendrick">
Stephen Kendrick

Stephen Kendrick is an American film writer and producer, co-writer of the book "The Love Dare" with brother Alex Kendrick, and senior associate pastor at Sherwood Baptist Church in Albany, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="19165261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165261" title="Kalati Bhumidanda">
Kalati Bhumidanda

Kalati Bhumidanda is a town and municipality in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3801 .

</doc>
<doc id="19165267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165267" title="Kanpur Kalapani">
Kanpur Kalapani

Kanpur Kalapani is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4144 in 710 individual households.
References.
This is the third largest city in the world in terms of population, population density, and land area.

</doc>
<doc id="19165282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165282" title="Kartike Deurali">
Kartike Deurali

Kartike Deurali is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 3214 in 533 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165285" title="Katunje Besi">
Katunje Besi

Katunje Besi is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1986 in 359 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165286" title="Scott Saunders Space Adventure">
Scott Saunders Space Adventure

The Scott Saunders Space Adventure series are a series of young-adult science-fiction novels written by amateur astronomer Patrick Moore.
As its title indicates the series depicts the adventures and trials of young astronaut Scott Saunders. The series consist of six books published from 1977-1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19165287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165287" title="List of cyber attack threat trends">
List of cyber attack threat trends

A list of cyber attack threat trends is presented in the order of sophistication which generally corresponds to the chronology of computer network used between the 1990s and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19165298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165298" title="Kavre Nitya Chandeswor">
Kavre Nitya Chandeswor

Kavre Nitya Chandeswor popularly known as "Kavre" is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1986 in 727 individual households.
It is wonderful village of kavre. View of many Himalayas are seen from this place. Mainly agriculture is job of people. Slowly this village is developing. All types of infrastructure has been established. Life standard of people is increasing. 89% of people are educated. Any interested can buy land of this place for hotel and lodge.
Media.
To Promote local culture Kavre has one FM radio station Radio Namobuddha - 106.7 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.
References.
Rupa

</doc>
<doc id="19165301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165301" title="I Don't Care (Fall Out Boy song)">
I Don't Care (Fall Out Boy song)

"I Don't Care" is a song by American rock band Fall Out Boy and the lead single from their fourth studio album "Folie à Deux" in 2008. It was first available for listening on the band's website and mozes.com on September 3, 2008. The song was released to iTunes on September 8, 2008. It is its album's best known song, being certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting shipments of one million units. In the United States, the song reached No. 21 the "Billboard" Hot 100, 19 places lower than the No. 2 lead single, "This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race", of the band's previous 2007 album "Infinity on High". It received radio play at Modern Rock and Pop stations, charting at No. 21 on "Billboard"'s Hot Modern Rock Tracks and No. 22 on Pop Songs.
The song has been described as a very political track by Patrick Stump, the lead vocalist and guitarist of the band, but not political in the traditional sense; more about the politics of a relationship. Stump has said that this song is about the superficiality and selfishness that is associated with pop culture. The song was ranked No. 68 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008.
Music.
"Like the chorus says, 'I don't care what you think as long as it's about me.' It's that pop culture thing again, where people don't care about anything but the superficial, and I think there's something so tragic about that. I also thought there was something so ironically anthemic about the chorus, where it's not something you want to sing along to, because it's vacuous and empty. So I wanted something really anthemic underneath it, like something you'd hear at sports games or whatever, because I wanted people to hear it and be confronted with how empty that is. I didn't want anything to be superficial on this record unless the point was to point out superficiality." -- Patrick Stump on the song's message.
Wentz referred to "I Don't Care" as a "narcissist's anthem", further commenting that "To me, it's like a YouTube anthem for the YouTube generation, just about how our attention span is about seven seconds...asks, 'Why can't we get people to pay attention for two minutes and 35 seconds?'"
Music video.
The music video was released exclusively on iTunes on September 25, 2008. It was then uploaded to YouTube the next day by Fall Out Boy on their official YouTube channel. The video was directed by Alan Ferguson.
Guns N' Roses alum Gilby Clarke opens the video by greeting the band members as they enter the green room of a French-language talk show. They sit down, then Clarke turns to a companion and blurts out, "What the hell happened to rock and roll? Eyeliner? Energy drinks? And no guitar solos? I've taken shits with bigger rock stars than them!" As the video progresses, the band members are then shown in various scenes causing trouble on the streets of Los Angeles -- harassing street performers, shoplifting disguised as nuns, pelting people with water balloons, urinating in the street—interspersed with clips of the band performing. During this footage, a graphic of a cat eating spaghetti appears abruptly, alluding to an incident on The Morning Show with Mike and Juliet, where producers used the same graphic to censor out obscene gestures by a guest. The rapper Tyga appears in the video. Near the end of the video, the band members are exposed as imposters, as all of them remove their masks to reveal their true identities: Andy Hurley turns out to be Mark Hoppus, Patrick Stump is Pharrell, Joe Trohman is Gabe Saporta, and Pete Wentz is Spencer Pratt. Meanwhile, a hustling woman celebrity shown earlier in the video pulls off her mask and shows herself to be Pete in a dress. Viewers are returned to the green room, where Clarke, still mocking the band, tears off his mask and reveals himself as Sarah Palin, portrayed by an actress, who gives Palin's trademark wink to the audience as the video ends.
When asked about his view on the video, Wentz replied:
It's a series of vignettes, and in the end, the joke is: Everyone in the world who is famous is just a WWE character. And some of you are Hulk Hogan, and some of you are The Undertaker, and it's awesome. It's just as great to come out to the boos. This one is about portraying the band, too, because there's been videos where it's been about individual characters, and this one is really a band-based video. Everyone has really equal face time, and there's a communist aspect to the video in the imagery, but we're also trying to something that's equal.
Criticism.
Bassist Pete Wentz posted a blog expressing dissatisfaction about the product placement in the edited iTunes music video that was not approved by the band: "The version of the video that we worked on night after night is not the version that aired, yet somehow a cut full of glorious camera-phone shots did [...] It doesn't make any sense to us. [...] Imagine seeing this edit only after you buy the video off of iTunes and realizing that no one even had the balls to call you and tell you they were changing the video and cutting parts." Later in his blog post, Wentz explained that "this will probably end up deleted by me or someone else", and by the next morning, the post was later replaced with an image of Popeye and Bluto, with the word "censored" taped across their mouths. The iTunes version of the entire album released the original version as a Bonus Video.
Track listing.
All lyrics written by bassist Pete Wentz; all music composed by lead vocalist and guitarist Patrick Stump.
Official remixes.
To date only three remixes of the song are considered as official remixes. Those remixes are the "Suave Suarez Remix", "Machine Shop Remix" and the "Tommie Sunshine & Mightyfools Remix". The first is included on a 2-track CD single released in the United Kingdom, the first is also included on the iTunes deluxe edition of "Folie à Deux". The second was released on the Japanese bonus track edition of "Folie à Deux". The third was released on Tommie Sunshine's profile and was noted by the official Fall Out Boy website.

</doc>
<doc id="19165310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165310" title="Harvey Charters">
Harvey Charters

Harvey Blashford Charters (born May 8, 1912 in North Bay, Ontario, Canada - died July 17, 1995 in North Bay, Ontario, Canada) was a Canadian flatwater canoer who competed in the 1930s.
At the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, he won two medals with Frank Saker with a silver in the C-2 10000 m and a bronze in the C-2 1000 m events

</doc>
<doc id="19165316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165316" title="Khahare Pangu">
Khahare Pangu

Khahare Pangu is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2648 .

</doc>
<doc id="19165322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165322" title="Khanalthok">
Khanalthok

Khanalthok is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4549 in 788 individual households.
References.
population 15000

</doc>
<doc id="19165325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165325" title="Kharelthok">
Kharelthok

Kharelthok is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2779 in 531 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165333" title="Kharpachok">
Kharpachok

Kharpachok is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1393 in 234 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165335" title="Edwin Broderick">
Edwin Broderick

Edwin Bernard Broderick (January 16, 1917 – July 2, 2006) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Albany from 1969 to 1976.
Early life and education.
Edwin Broderick was born in the Bronx, New York, to Patrick S. and Margaret M. (née O'Donnell) Broderick. His father was a member of the New York City Fire Department who later died during a Mass celebrated by his son in 1948. Broderick received his early education at the parochial school of St. Anselm Church in the Bronx, graduating in 1930. He attended Regis High School in New York City from 1930 to 1934, and then began his studies for the priesthood at Cathedral College, where he remained for two years. He continued his studies at St. Joseph's Seminary in Yonkers.
Priesthood.
On May 30, 1942, Broderick was ordained a priest by Cardinal Francis Spellman at St. Patrick's Cathedral. His first assignment was as a curate at Nativity of Our Blessed Lady Church in the Bronx. He then taught history at Cardinal Hayes High School from 1943 until 1947, when he was assigned to the staff of St. Patrick's Cathedral. In 1951, he earned a doctorate in English from Fordham University in 1951. That same year, he was named the first archdiocesan director of radio and television; during his tenure he created the Catholic Apostolate of Radio, TV and Advertising. He was made the U.S. representative to the Pontifical Commission for Television by Pope Pius XII in 1954.
From 1954 to 1964, Broderick served as secretary to Cardinal Spellman. He served in this capacity together with Father Patrick Ahern for several years. He was named rector of St. Joseph's Seminary in 1964.
Episcopal career.
On March 8, 1967, Broderick was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of New York and titular bishop of "Thizica" by Pope Paul VI. He received his episcopal consecration on the following April 21 from Cardinal Spellman, with Bishops Terence Cooke and George Henry Guilfoyle serving as co-consecrators, at St. Patrick's Cathedral. At his consecration, he wore the same vestments used by Paul VI in his Mass at Yankee Stadium in October 1965. As an auxiliary bsihop, he continued to serve as rector of St. Joseph's Seminary, a post which he held until 1969.
Following the death of Bishop William Scully, Broderick was appointed the eighth Bishop of Albany on March 19, 1969. In 1970, he joined Governor Nelson Rockefeller in speaking out in favor of state aid to parochial schools. He served on the court-appointed Citizens' Committee that investigated the 1971 Attica Prison riot.
Director of Catholic Relief Services.
On June 3, 1976, Broderick resigned as Bishop of Albany in order to assume the position of executive director of Catholic Relief Services. When he became head of CRS, he jokingly called the agency "the best kept secret in the American Catholic Church." He increased awareness of CRS throughout the U.S. Catholic community; he sponsored short films, new publications, and three telethons that were hosted by such entertainers as Arthur Godfrey, Buddy Hackett, and Trini Lopez. He also established the agency's first direct mail appeal to donors.
During his seven-year tenure, Broderick restructured the governance of CRS and increased the involvement of the laity in its operations. He also launched Operation Rice Bowl, one of the most successful programs in the agency's history. Under his guidance, CRS responded to numerous crises throughout the world, including the 1976 Angolan Civil War, the 1977 cyclone in India that left two million people homeless, the Cambodian genocide that lasted from 1975 to 1979, and civil war in Afghanistan and Lebanon. He resigned as executive director in 1983.
Later life and death.
Broderick spent his retirement in Manhattan, and administered Confirmation in many parishes. In 2005, he moved to Teresian House in Albany, where he later died at age 89.

</doc>
<doc id="19165345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165345" title="Khopasi">
Khopasi

Khopasi is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3453 in 676 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165362" title="Kolati Bhumlu">
Kolati Bhumlu

Kolati Bhumlu is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1455 in 282 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165375" title="Koshidekha">
Koshidekha

Koshidekha is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2016 .

</doc>
<doc id="19165380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165380" title="Markham Ice Shelf">
Markham Ice Shelf

The Markham Ice Shelf was one of five major ice shelves in Canada, all on the north coast of Ellesmere Island, Nunavut. The ice shelf broke off from the coast in early August 2008, becoming adrift in the Arctic Ocean. The 4,500 year old ice shelf was then in size, nearly the size of Manhattan, and approximately ten stories tall. On September 3, 2008, CNN quoted Derek Mueller, of Trent University in Ontario, Canada as saying to the Associated Press:
As of September 6, it was floating in the Arctic Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="19165388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165388" title="Kuruwas Chapakhori">
Kuruwas Chapakhori

Kuruwas Chapakhori is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2684 in 459 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165393" title="Kushadevi">
Kushadevi

Kushadevi is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6268 in 1201 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165395" title="Machchhegaun">
Machchhegaun

Machchhegaun is a town and municipality in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5951 in 979 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165403" title="Madan Kundari">
Madan Kundari

Madan Kundari is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,321 in 413 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165412" title="Mahadevsthan Mandan">
Mahadevsthan Mandan

Mahadevsthan Mandan is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6892 in 1216 individual households.
Mahadevsthan Ward No.4 is the passway for Helambu, A tourism place for trekking.As well as melamchi and gosaikunda which is a place of religious importance.

</doc>
<doc id="19165418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165418" title="Kostas Kaimakoglou">
Kostas Kaimakoglou

Konstantinos "Kostas" Kaimakoglou (; born on March 15, 1983 in Korydallos, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is a 6 ft 8¾ in (2.05 m) tall cornerman.
Professional career.
Kaimakoglou began his professional career with the Greek League club Near East during the 2002–03 season. In 2004, he moved to the Greek club Maroussi. He was named to the Greek League Best Five Team in 2010. He joined the Greek club Panathinaikos in July 2010. With Panathinaikos, Kaimakoglou won the Euroleague and Greek League championships in 2011. He also won the Greek Cup with Panathinaikos in 2012.
In July 2012, he signed a 2-year contract with the VTB United League club UNICS Kazan, at an amount of 2.4 million euros net income.
Greek national team.
Kaimakoglou won the gold medal at the 2002 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship as a member of the junior Greek national basketball team. He also played at the 2005 World University Games with Greece's junior national team. He has also played with the senior men's Greek national basketball team. 
He won the bronze medal at the FIBA EuroBasket 2009, and he also played at the 2010 FIBA World Championship, the FIBA EuroBasket 2011, the 2012 FIBA World Olympic Qualifying Tournament, and the FIBA EuroBasket 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19165420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165420" title="Mahadevtar">
Mahadevtar

Mahadevtar is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1977 in 298 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165435" title="Mahankal Chaur">
Mahankal Chaur

Mahankal Chaur is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3954 .

</doc>
<doc id="19165468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165468" title="Mahendra Jyoti">
Mahendra Jyoti

Mahendra Jyoti is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3343 .

</doc>
<doc id="19165474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165474" title="Dean Norris">
Dean Norris

Dean Joseph Norris (born April 10, 1963) is an American actor, best known for portraying DEA agent Hank Schrader on the AMC series "Breaking Bad" (2008–2013) and town selectman James "Big Jim" Rennie on the CBS series "Under the Dome" (2013–present). He has also appeared in films such as "Lethal Weapon 2" (1989), "Total Recall" (1990), "" (1991), "Starship Troopers" (1997), "Little Miss Sunshine" (2006), and "Evan Almighty" (2007).
Early life.
Norris was born in South Bend, Indiana, the son of Jack, a furniture store owner, and Rosie Norris. He graduated from Clay High School in 1981, where he says he was a straight-A student. He is a 1985 graduate of Harvard College, where he majored in social studies. He also attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Career.
Norris starred in "Tremors: The Series" and the film "Without Limits". He has had guest spots in other television series including "NYPD Blue", "The X-Files", "The West Wing", and "Lost", and has appeared in films including "Gattaca" and "". Norris is best known for his role as DEA agent Hank Schrader on "Breaking Bad", which he played from the show's premiere in 2008 to its final season in 2013. He is currently starring in the CBS series "Under the Dome", based on the Stephen King novel of the same name. He plays selectman James "Big Jim" Rennie, the only town council member in the area which is cut off from the rest of the USA; Rennie initially seems to do the right thing in getting the town accustomed to the separation, but he soon starts to abuse his power.
Personal life.
Norris has four sisters. He lives with his wife Bridget and their five children in Temecula, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19165476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165476" title="Hideaki Yanagida">
Hideaki Yanagida

Olympics.
Yanagida competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "bantamweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19165478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165478" title="Majhi Feda">
Majhi Feda

Majhi Feda is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3331 in 572 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165483" title="Malpi">
Malpi

Malpi is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3033 in 571 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165492" title="Mangaltar, Bagmati">
Mangaltar, Bagmati

Mangaltar is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3533 in 564 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165503" title="Mathurapati Fulbari">
Mathurapati Fulbari

Mathurapati Fulbari is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4565 .

</doc>
<doc id="19165512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165512" title="Methinkot">
Methinkot

Methinkot is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3909 in 724 individual households.
This VDC has a diversified population: Brahmins, Chhetris, Tamang, Bishwokarma, Pariyar, gharti etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19165515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165515" title="Milche">
Milche

Milche is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2073 in 348 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165520" title="Nagre Gagarche">
Nagre Gagarche

Nagre Gagarche is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2235 in 423 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165523" title="Beatrice Gubbins">
Beatrice Gubbins

Beatrice Gubbins (1878–1944) was an Irish artist in watercolour.
Her works may be seen in Dunkathiel House, Dunkettle, County Cork, Ireland. The Wise Gubbins family purchased the 18th century Dunkathiel House from Jonas Morris around 1870. For many years Dunkathiel House was the home of the five Gubbins sisters, all of whom were deaf, until the Russell family inherited when the Gubbins line ran out of heirs.
In the drawing room off the entrance hall of Dunkathiel House are some of the unique Victorian watercolours by Beatrice Gubbins, an indefatigable traveller.
Notes.
Gubbins. Customers ask for gubbins then they will be off.

</doc>
<doc id="19165528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165528" title="Nala, Nepal">
Nala, Nepal

Nala, Nepal (), is a specific region that expands from north western part of Kavrepalanchok District to the eastern part of Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6327 in 1035 individual households.
The area has some small towns and some villages in the hills. "Khuwa" is a product made from evaporated milk that is a specialty of the area. This region is one of the biggest supplier of green vegetables and Potato to the Capital city, Kathmandu.
Nala is a historical and religious place of Nepal. It is a common religious place of Hindus, Christians and Buddhists. It is famous for Rato Machhindraa (Karuna Mai), Bhagwati Temple, Manakamana Temple, Siddhartha Gumba and some Churches. Ugrachandi Temple is unique in having four storeys in the pagoda style.
Nala expands as Ugrachandi Nala, Tukucha Nala, Tathali, Nayagau and Debitar village development committee. 
Main trade centers of this region are Nala Bazaar and Sera.
There is a palace that now houses Chandeswory School. Siddhartha University lies in this area which is under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="19165532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165532" title="Shohachi Ishii">
Shohachi Ishii

Olympics.
Ishii competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "bantamweight" class after beating Rashid Mammadbeyov of the Soviet Union.
He became the first Japanese gold medalist after the World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19165534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165534" title="Rami Weisfisch">
Rami Weisfisch

Rami Weisfisch (born November 4, 1946) is an Israeli metal trader. He was President of MMI, an American company (which closed in 1999) based in Fort Lee, New Jersey. He was previously involved with Metal Resources Group Limited (MRG), an English company which closed in 2000. Since 2009 Rami has lived in Israel.
Metals Resources Group cobalt trading success.
MRG became a dominant force in the global cobalt market in 1999, when the company successfully accumulated an exceptionally large position whilst the market was trading at around $6 per pound. Subsequently, MRG was believed to have acquired 30% of the 30,000-tonne annual supply for the year, whilst prices trebled to $18 per pound.
The company closed in 2000.
Alleged Zambian cobalt scandal.
MRG's Cobalt dealings with state-owned Zambia Consolidated Copper Mines for the period 1998-1999 was the subject of a parliamentary enquiry in Zambia. Although it was alleged that the deal was "imprudent and irregular", no evidence of any impropriety on MRG's part was ever found
English litigation.
In 2006 Weisfisch was engaged in a court fight in England with his brother, Amir Weissfisch, over claims that Rami refused to account to his younger brother for their partnership profits
Personal life.
Weisfisch was born in Israel in 1946. 

</doc>
<doc id="19165535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165535" title="Nasiksthan Sanga">
Nasiksthan Sanga

Nasiksthan Sanga is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4958 in 746 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165544" title="Nayagaun Deupur">
Nayagaun Deupur

Nayagaun Deupur is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3807 in 635 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165559" title="Panchkhal">
Panchkhal

Panchkhal is a Municipality in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9481 in 1657 individual households.
This place is situated in Bagmati, Central, Nepal, its geographical coordinates are 27° 39' 0" North, 85° 37' 0" East and its original name (with diacritics) is Panchkhal.

</doc>
<doc id="19165561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165561" title="Ars Mathematica Contemporanea">
Ars Mathematica Contemporanea

Ars Mathematica Contemporanea is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering mathematics and published by the Society of Mathematicians, Physicists and Astronomers of Slovenia, Slovenia, together with the Institute of Mathematics, Physics, and Mechanics and the University of Primorska. It is devoted to problems in discrete mathematics in connection with other branches of mathematics. It is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt für Mathematik.

</doc>
<doc id="19165573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165573" title="Pangu, Nepal">
Pangu, Nepal

Pangu, Nepal is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2845 in 480 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19165583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165583" title="Fanis Koumpouras">
Fanis Koumpouras

Theophanis "Fanis" Koumpouras (Greek: Θεοφάνης "Φάνης" Κουμπούρας; born December 8, 1983) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is 6 ft 1 ¾ in (1.87 m) in height and plays at the point guard position.
Pro career.
Koumpouras began his career playing with the Panionios youth teams. He began his pro career in 2001 with Halkida. In 2004, he moved to Apollon Patras. In 2007, he joined Olympia Larissa, where he had a great year during the 2007-08 season. In 2008, he signed with Maroussi.
Greek national team.
With the junior Greek national teams he played at the 1999 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship, the 2000 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship, and he also won the gold medal at the 2002 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship as a member of the junior Greek national basketball team.
With the senior Greek national basketball team, he won the silver medal at both the 2005 Mediterranean Games and the 2009 Mediterranean Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19165635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165635" title="Machipanda">
Machipanda

Machipanda is a town in Mozambique near the border with Zimbabwe.
Transport.
It lies on the railway between Mozambique and Zimbabwe

</doc>
<doc id="19165642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165642" title="Shozo Sasahara">
Shozo Sasahara

Olympics.
Sasahara competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "featherweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19165646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165646" title="Grand Funk Railroad discography">
Grand Funk Railroad discography

This article lists the discography of American rock band Grand Funk Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="19165660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165660" title="YMCA Camp Lawrence">
YMCA Camp Lawrence

YMCA Camp Lawrence is a residential summer camp for boys located on Bear Island in Lake Winnipesaukee, New Hampshire. It is owned and operated by the Merrimack Valley YMCA, based in Lawrence, Massachusetts. It is the only island-based boys camp in New Hampshire, and one of only several in the country.
The Merrimack Valley YMCA also operates Camp Nokomis, a residential summer camp for girls, also located on Bear Island.
History.
The Lawrence YMCA first offered a summer day camp for young boys in 1901 or 1902, but the origins of "Camp Lawrence" as a residential camp can be traced to 1906, with a 10-day program run in Old Orchard Beach, Maine. In late August and early September, 30 boys and 2 adults spent their days engaged in sports, swimming, boating and outings to nearby attractions.
For 8 of the next 9 years, the Lawrence YMCA ran similar camping programs in Maine, New Hampshire and Massachusetts, changing sites nearly every year. The sole year without a summer camp, 1911, was due to the YMCA's move to a new facility and the financial and administrative challenges involved with it. Beginning in 1916, however, the camp found a home at Loon Cove in Alton, New Hampshire, on the shores of Lake Winnipesaukee.
The five years spent at Loon Cove saw tremendous growth. The camping season was expanded to a full 9 weeks, of which 4 weeks were the regular Boys Camp. Boy Scouts, choir boys, and "employed boys" from Lawrence used the facilities for the remainder of the season. The camp purchased its first motor launches for transportation and entertainment on the lake. From 31 boys in 1912, by 1920 the Boys Camp population had grown to 219 - more than the Loon Cove property could comfortably accommodate. In the fall of 1920, a committee from the YMCA, led by George Hamblet, surveyed several island areas before settling on the southern tip of Bear Island. The following spring, Loon Cove was abandoned and all the camp equipment (including the large tents) was transported to the new site.
The tents were erected on wooden platforms on the eastern shore of the property, facing across the lake towards the Ossipee Mountains. Those platforms still serve as the floors of 2 existing cabins in the Middler Unit. Other surviving structures from the early years on Bear Island include the Dining Hall, built in 1923, and the cabin on the western shore, known as West Beach, which dates to lumber operations on the island in the decade before the camp's arrival.
Camp Lawrence has continued to offer young boys summer camping opportunities on Bear Island since 1921.
Facilities.
Two large grassy fields (the larger known as the Senior Ball Field and smaller known as Junior Ball Field due to their respective proximity to the units) are used for field sports. An asphalt basketball court and one clay tennis court also serve as volleyball and dodgeball surfaces as needed. A sand beach volleyball court was added in 2010
A state-of-the-art ropes course, built and maintained by Project Adventure, draws many campers. Twenty elements rise thirty to sixty feet above the ground, including two zip-lines and one unique "swing shot".
The camp has a total of three large camper bathrooms in addition to several other smaller private bathrooms. The largest, and by far nicest, bathroom on camp is the "Bijou". It was recently redone with six toilets, four urinals, and new tiled floors.
A large dining hall can accommodate up to 230 staff and campers at mealtimes. A complete kitchen renovation was completed in 2010. The Hamblet Lodge provides a secondary enclosed program space, used for socials with Camp Nokomis and rainy-day activities. Such activities include the camp favorite of "one ball".
Sixteen camper cabins can house between eight and sixteen campers and two to three staff members. Most all camper cabins have been replaced or renovated within the past fifteen years. Fourteen cabins house the leadership staff and support staff, and a large infirmary houses the two camp nurses.
Two main boats are used for transportation between Camp Lawrence, Camp Nokomis and the Y-Landing Marina on Meredith Neck. The "M/V Bear II" can transport up to 120 people, while the "Weekeepeekee II" has a capacity of 27. These boats are used to transport all passengers, luggage, food and garbage on and off the island. Mail is delivered daily, Monday through Saturday, by the U.S. Mailboat "M/V Sophie C". In addition, Camp Lawrence owns four smaller motorcraft, a half dozen sailboats, fifteen kayaks and ten canoes. Two canoes are century-old "war canoes" which can hold up to ten people and are used on an annual basis during the camp's "color wars" and other special activities.
Camp program.
Ten or eleven days of each session are devoted to regular activities. All boys take daily swim lessons, and they choose four other activities to complete their day. Available activities are waterskiing, canoeing, sailing, kayaking, snorkeling, ropes course, archery, riflery, soccer, basketball, flag football, rugby, campcraft, theatre, volleyball, fitness, Frisbee, general sports, ping pong, fishing, arts and crafts, tennis, lacrosse, and floor hockey
Two or three days of each session are used for special programs. The most popular are the camp Olympics, held each year during the fourth session, and Orange & Grey, the camp color war held each year during the second session. The highlight of Olympics is Tableaux, the opening ceremony. Tableaux is a form of living statue, accompanied by music and text, in which a team of a dozen staff members is covered in aluminum paint and performs stationary and kinetic poses. Orange & Grey ends each year with the Omnibus, a 2-hour relay culminating in a 9-man war canoe race. Other special programs change from year to year; popular programs have included Fourth of July Activities (varying annually), Various Active Games In Natural Areas, Cinco de July-o, Zombie Apocalypse, Wild Wild West Day, King Neptune Day, Treasure Hunt, Up All Night, and Gak Night.
Every session the camp will hold a special evening activity replacing one of the daily cabin or unit nights. These are a favourite of camp and vary by session. Some special nights include: Build Your Own Boat, DeRiemer Night (a night for campers to choose and participate in any activity of their choosing), and Casino Night.
Boys camp is followed by a week-long Family Camp, in which families rent cabins and activity areas are open on a more flexible basis. Family Camp has been run since 1961, and some families have returned each summer for over forty years.
Staff.
At the age of 16, campers are eligible to become counselors-in-training, or CITs. In order to apply for the CIT program, campers must receive written recommendations from staff members 18 years of age or older. Staff members assigned to the Senior Unit then rank the applicants among all others who apply for the program. Most years, between 50 to 80 names are submitted with 12 to 15 chosen by the camp director for the selective program. The three-year CIT program guides campers in the transition to staff members. 90 to 95 percent of the program staff each year is composed of graduates of the CIT program, and almost all leadership positions are filled with former CITs. Camp Lawrence is one of the few remaining camps whose leadership staff is made up entirely of former campers.
The remainder of the program staff, as well as many of the support staff, is made up of international staff members hired through BUNAC, Camp America, and CCUSA.
Camp Lawrence was directed by David Carter Hetherly from 1994 to 2010. Hetherly was a former camper and staff member who, after a career in the Army and the private sector, returned to camp to keep busy in retirement.
Alumni support.
Camp Lawrence Alumni provide valuable support in finances and time. The Bear Island Camps Association organizes alumni efforts to help both Camp Lawrence and Camp Nokomis. BICA also inducts important volunteers into its Hall of Fame at Alumni Day, held the first Sunday of August each year on Bear Island.
Among the most important alumni are the Hamblet family, whose involvement dates to the purchase of the Bear Island property in 1920. The Hamblets now own the Y-Landing Marina, where the camp boats dock on the mainland. The services the family has provided through the years have been incalculable.

</doc>
<doc id="19165672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165672" title="Permanent Representative of Guyana to the United Nations">
Permanent Representative of Guyana to the United Nations

This is a list of Permanent Representatives of Guyana to the United Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="19165689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165689" title="Masaaki Kaneko">
Masaaki Kaneko

Olympics.
Kaneko competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "featherweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19165692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165692" title="The Man Who Wouldn't Talk">
The Man Who Wouldn't Talk

"The Man Who Wouldn't Talk" is a 1958 British drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox. It starred Anna Neagle, Anthony Quayle, Zsa Zsa Gabor, Dora Bryan, John Le Mesurier and Lloyd Lamble.
Synopsis.
A courtroom drama, it sees an American scientist charged for murder by the British police for his supposed role in the death of an Eastern Bloc defector.

</doc>
<doc id="19165698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165698" title="Teletoon at Night">
Teletoon at Night

Teletoon at Night (formerly known as Teletoon Detour) is the name for the animated programming block targeted towards older teen and adult audiences which airs from 9 p.m. to 3 a.m. ET/PT every night on the Canadian television channel Teletoon. It was launched in September 2002 as "The Detour on Teletoon" until September 1, 2008 when it was renamed "Teletoon Detour". The block was renamed once again in September 2009 to "Teletoon at Night".
The block's French programming block counterpart called Télétoon la nuit airs on Teletoon's French-language channel Télétoon. The block is similar in format to Adult Swim, an adult-oriented nighttime program block on Cartoon Network in the United States, with Teletoon at Night airing much of the same programming that is featured on Adult Swim.
History.
Teletoon At Night formerly was an amalgamation of the old "The Detour" block, aimed at teenagers, and the former Teletoon Unleashed block, aimed at adults, which had been dropped due to lack of new content. For the start of the 2006–2007 season, a new Friday night companion block "F-Night" debuted, featuring a slightly different lineup consisting of more of the Adult Swim comedies such as "Tom Goes to the Mayor" and "Squidbillies". 
In 2007–2010, most of the shows that were involved with the "F-Night" block was removed to make room for the "Fred At Night" segment, which now takes up Sunday at 10:00 p.m. ET. A repeat of the same movie usually follow up. The movies in this block involved in this line-up were mostly animated or were derived from comic books and other animated series. A majority of the films were designed to target an older teenage or adult audience, which was the intended target and purpose of the Detour. If the movie didn't fill in its 2 - 2 hour block, then either the animated shorts on their line-ups or short films from the Animatrix were used to fill up the space. Some movies on "The Detour" block are live action based on comics or animation, for example the "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World" trilogy. This was not Teletoon's first time to air non-animated shows or movies, since Teletoon aired the live-action "Fireball XL-5" back in the 1997–1998 season.
In fall 2010, Teletoon At Night's weekend schedule was known as "Fred At Night", as it was hosted by Fearless Fred of Toronto's CFNY-FM. As of December 31, 2010, Teletoon At Night's weekend schedule became known as "Double Night". In recent years, Fred At Night moved to Thursdays and, with the launch of the Canadian version of Adult Swim (via the Canadian version of Cartoon Network), most of the original programming from Adult Swim have migrated to it's Canadian counterpart.
Programming.
Current programming.
This a list of programs being broadcast regularly.
Past programming.
This is a list of former programming no longer regularly aired.

</doc>
<doc id="19165700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165700" title="Roberto Silva Renard">
Roberto Silva Renard

Roberto Silva Renard (February 27, 1855 - July 7, 1920) was a Chilean military and political figure who served in the War of the Pacific and the 1891 Chilean Civil War. He is mostly remembered as the military chief that carried out the Santa María of Iquique School massacre in 1907, where more than 2,000 striking saltpeter miners, along with their wives and children, were killed.
Early career.
Silva Renard began his military career in 1879, when he joined the artillery corps at the beginning of the War of the Pacific. During that war he fought at the battles of Tacna, Chorrillos and Miraflores
After the war, Silva Renard was sent to study artillery in Europe, and served as an adjunct in the German Army for five years. During the 1891 Chilean Civil War, he was one of the few army officers to join the congressional army, with the rank of major, and fought with distinction at the battles of Concón and Placilla. After the war, he was rewarded with a promotion to Lieutenant Colonel.
Political participation.
Silva Renard was a firm believer in the absolute power of the central government. In 1903, Silva Renard was the military attorney in charge of the investigation into the deaths and injuries of striking workers at the port of Valparaíso. These workers had been fired upon by army soldiers sent to force them back to work. He absolved the soldiers from any misconduct, claiming that the real guilty party had been the workers by promoting disorders. 
On September 17, 1904 he was in charge of the troops that put down another (unrelated) strike at the "Chile nitrate works". As a consequence of his intervention, 13 workers died and another 32 were injured.
Meat riots.
A march to protest against the high price of meat took place on October 22, 1905 in Santiago. By the time that the march arrived peacefully to La Moneda presidential palace, it had swelled to more than 40,000 people. The original intention of the organizers was to ask for an audience and hand a petition to president German Riesco, but the people started to grow impatient and when the President did not appear (he was not at the palace that day, being sick at home) this was the spark that started the violence. The police tried to disperse them, but they fought back and tried to storm the presidential palace. The police responded by shooting at the crowd, and riots ensued. 
After the mob failed in their initial attack, they spread through the city. The violence lasted for almost a week, in what was called the meat riots or the ""red week"". The rioters looted stores and businesses, killing anyone who looked upper class. The police was overwhelmed and quite powerless (and in some cases, even passively supporting the rioters.) The army was called in, but it was away from the city, on military maneuvers. It only managed to arrived on October 24, under the command of Lt. Colonel Silva Renard, who immediately imposed martial law upon the city. The riots lasted until October 27, and between 200 and 250 people were killed over this period, while more than 500 were injured while the financial losses were staggering.
Santa María of Iquique School massacre.
On December 10, 1907, a general strike broke out in Tarapacá Province. This was the start of the 18 Pence Strike (), the name referring to the size of the wage being demanded by the nitrate miners. On December 16, thousands of striking workers arrived at the provincial capital, the port city of Iquique, in support of the nitrate miners' demands and with the aim of prodding the authorities to act. Previous entreaties to the government, in particular petitions presented by delegations in 1901, 1903, and 1904, had been fruitless.
The national government in Santiago sent extra regiments by land and sea to reinforce the two regiments stationed in Iquique. President Pedro Montt appointed General Silva Renard to handle the situation. Silva Renard, under confidential orders from the minister of the Interior, Rafael Sotomayor, was ordered to use all necessary means to force the miners to dissolve and return to work. 
More and more worker contingents joined the strike by the day. It has been estimated that by December 21 the strikers in Iquique numbered ten to twelve thousand. Soon after the journeys to Iquique began, this great conglomeration of workers met at the Manuel Montt plaza and at the Santa María School, asking the government to mediate between them and the bosses of the foreign (English) nitrate firms to resolve their demands. For their part, the bosses refused to negotiate until the workers went back to work. 
The arrival at the port December 19 of the titular intendant, Carlos Eastman Quiroga, of General Silva Renard, chief of the First Military Zone of the Chilean Army, and of Colonel Sinforoso Ledesma was cheered by the workers because a nitrate miners' petition to the government nearly two years earlier, under the previous president, had received an encouraging response, although the demands had not been satisfied. But the interior ministry felt no solidarity with the demands of the strikers. The ministry relayed orders to the strikers to leave the plaza and the school and gather at the horse racing track, where they were to board trains and return to work. They refused, sensing that if they went back to work, their requests would be ignored. 
In the face of the growing tension between the groups, on December 20, 1907 the strikers' representatives held a meeting with Intendant Eastman. Simultaneously, a decree published in the press announced the declaration of a state of siege, which entailed the suspension of constitutional rights. While the meeting with Intendant Eastman was taking place in the ""Buenaventura nitrate works"", a group of workers and their families tried to leave the spot, but troops opened fire on them by the railroad tracks and kept shooting. As a result, six workers died and the rest of the group was wounded.
The funerals of the slain workers were held the next day, December 21, 1907. Immediately at their conclusion, all workers were ordered to leave the school premises and vicinity and relocate to the Club Hípico (horsetrack). The workers refused to go, fearing they might be bombarded by the guns of warships which were lined up alongside the road they would have to travel. At 2:30 in the afternoon, General Silva Renard told the leaders of the workers' committee that if the strikers did not start heading back to work within one hour, the troops would open fire on them. The workers' leaders refused to go, and only a small group of strikers left the plaza. 
At the hour indicated by Silva Renard, he ordered the soldiers to shoot the workers' leaders, who were on the school's roof, and they fell dead with the first volley. Elías Lafferte, who witnessed the events, tells: 
The multitude, desperate and trying to escape, surged toward the soldiers, and were fired upon with rifles and machine guns. After a period of firing from the Manuel Montt plaza, the troops stormed the school grounds with machine guns, firing into the school's playgrounds and classrooms, killing in a frenzy without regard to the women and children screaming for mercy. The survivors of the massacre were brought at saber point to the Club Hípico, whence they were sent back to work, where they were subjected to a reign of terror.
Assassination attempt.
Among the dead at the Santa María massacre was Manuel Vaca, a Spanish immigrant worker. His half-brother, Antonio Ramón arrived in Chile from Argentina decided to revenge himself. Ramón finally took action seven years later and bought a dagger and some strychnine.
He found General Silva Renard walking alone to his office, on December 14, 1914, and stabbed him seven times on his back and head. The General started shouting "“Murderer! Murderer!”" and several passersby came to his help. Ramón, in turn, stopped the attack and tried to run away, only to be captured by an off-duty prison guard. When Ramón saw himself surrounded and all escapes blocked, he drank the bottle of strychnine he was carrying, but vomited most of it and was unharmed. Once in custody, Ramón vehemently denied other parties' involvement in the assassination, while the worker's organizations held public campaigns to raise money for his defense. He was eventually sentenced to five years in prison.
Aftermath.
General Silva Renard survived the attack, but suffered permanent effects from the injuries: he lost all movement on half of his face, became blind, and was mostly an invalid until his death in 1920. Ramón was released in 1919 and all track of him was lost after that time.
Silva Renard lived his last days in Viña del Mar where he died in 1920. His remains were buried with full honors at the General Cemetery of Santiago. He was honored post-mortem by giving his name to the Artillery Regiment Nº 3 stationed in Concepción. In 2007, his name was removed as part of the 100th anniversary remembrance events of the Santa María School massacres.

</doc>
<doc id="19165719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165719" title="Kate Dobbin">
Kate Dobbin

Kate Dobbin (Irish Artist, 1868-c.1948) practised as an artist for over half a century, specialising in watercolours of Irish country scenes and still lifes of flowers. Between 1894 and 1947 she exhibited over one hundred watercolours at the Royal Hibernian Academy, Dublin. Kate Dobbin and her husband Sir Alfred Dobbin are both represented in the collection of the Crawford Art Gallery, Cork, Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19165734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165734" title="Jafar Salmasi">
Jafar Salmasi

Jafar Mohammad Salmasi (, September 22, 1918 – January 31, 2000) was an Iranian Azeris weightlifter who won Iran's first Olympic medal at 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born in Kadhimiya, Iraq.
Early life.
Before he began his career as a weightlifter, Jafar Salmasi was a teacher at an Iranian school in Baghdad. An accomplished athlete, he taught himself gymnastics moves by reading illustrated books. 
He discovered weightlifting in his late 20s during a trip to Tehran, and later was asked by the Iranian government to compete in a national weightlifting tournament. He won, and in 1948 went to London to compete for Iran's first Olympic team.
International weightlifting career.
On 7 July 1948, he won the Bronze medal in the 56 - 60kg featherweight event. 
He was the Iranian champion in the featherweight weight class for five years, 1944 through 1948. 
Salmasi returned to Baghdad after the Olympics. Later, won the gold medal at the 1951 Asian Games in New Delhi. 
Later life.
Later, Salmasi trained Iraqi weightlifters and continued teaching Iranian students there. When Saddam Hussein took power, Salmasi left Iraq and moved to Iran with his family. 
He died in Tehran in January, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19165743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165743" title="Rodney Atkins discography">
Rodney Atkins discography

The discography of Rodney Atkins, an American country music singer, consists of 4 studio albums and 18 singles. Although Atkins first entered the Hot Country Songs charts in 1997 with "In a Heartbeat", he did not reach top 40 until 2002. His first top 5 hit, "Honesty (Write Me a List)", came in late 2003-early 2004. Between 2006 and 2008, Atkins charted four straight number 1 singles: "If You're Going Through Hell (Before the Devil Even Knows)", "Watching You", "These Are My People" and "Cleaning This Gun (Come On In Boy)", all from his second album, "If You're Going Through Hell". "It's America" (2009) and "Take a Back Road" (2011) also included number 1 singles in their respective title tracks, with a re-issue of the latter also containing the top 5 hit "Farmer's Daughter".

</doc>
<doc id="19165745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165745" title="Billy Keys">
Billy Keys

William Amar "Billy" Keys (born on October 26, 1977) is an American professional basketball player. He is 6'2" (1.88 m) in height and 210 lbs. (95 kg) in weight. He plays at the point guard position.
College career.
After playing high school basketball at Hugh Manley High School in Chicago, Illinois, Keys played college basketball at Northeastern Illinois University, with the Northeastern Illinois Golden Eagles, from 1995–98, and at New Mexico State University, with the New Mexico State Aggies, from 1998-00. He was named to the 1999-00 season's All-Big West Conference First Team.
Professional career.
Keys played with the Miami Heat during their 2002-03 NBA season training camp, but he did not play in any official NBA games with the club. He then played with the New York Knicks' NBA Summer League team, in the summer of 2003. Keys then won the 2004 CBA championship with the Dakota Wizards. 
In the summer of 2004, he played with the NBA Summer League teams of both the Detroit Pistons and the Denver Nuggets. He then played with Nuggets during their 2004-05 NBA season training camp, but he did not play in any official NBA games with the club. He next played with the NBA Summer League teams of both the Portland Trail Blazers and the Houston Rockets, in the summer of 2005.
Keys has also played in the major European domestic basketball leagues, the Italian A League, the Spanish ACB League, and the Greek Basket League. In 2009, he extended his contract with the Euroleague club Maroussi.

</doc>
<doc id="19165774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165774" title="The Wreck of the Mary Deare (film)">
The Wreck of the Mary Deare (film)

The Wreck of the Mary Deare is a 1959 Metrocolor British-American thriller film directed by Michael Anderson and starring Gary Cooper, Charlton Heston, Michael Redgrave, Cecil Parker, Richard Harris and John Le Mesurier, based upon the novel by Hammond Innes.
Synopsis.
A merchant marine captain, Gideon Patch (Gary Cooper) decides to stay aboard a sinking ship, in order to prove that it was sabotaged to collect insurance on cargo that had secretly been off-loaded at Rangoon.
Background.
The novel was optioned by MGM with the intention of having Alfred Hitchcock direct and Cooper star. Hitchcock had long wanted to work with Cooper, but after developing the script with Ernest Lehman for several weeks, they concluded that it couldn't be done without turning the movie into "a boring courtroom drama". They abandoned the idea and started a new story which eventually became "North by Northwest". 
The task of adapting the novel passed to Eric Ambler. British director, Michael Anderson took over for Hitchcock. The cast included Cooper as Patch, and Charlton Heston as Sands, with Richard Harris and Sir Michael Redgrave in supporting roles. Critics generally agree that the finished film matches Hitchcock and Lehman's prediction.
Box Office.
According to MGM records the film earned $1,165,000 in the US and Canada and $1,650,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $1,475,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19165776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165776" title="Hooked Bear">
Hooked Bear

"
Hooked Bear is a 1956 short film in the "Humphrey the Bear" series. The short can be found on disc 2 of "" and also in a handful of cheap public domain VHS tapes.
Plot.
Fishing season has begun and park ranger J. Audubon Woodlore has decided to go out to the lake to catch some fresh fish. Humphrey the Bear is also making attempts to catch fish, but every time he finds one, he gets distracted and drops it, so instead he chooses to intercept the fish that the local anglers have caught. Woodlore sees the fish disappearing before his eyes, so he wonders what could be happening. Then, he finds Humphrey with a few fishing nets and rods, and asks him what he is doing; when the bear responds in his own unintelligible "bear-speak," the ranger commands him, "Go fish like a bear!" Woodlore then fills a tub with water and inserts fish eggs into it, causing a number of little fishes to pop up out of the water like plants pop up out of soil. When the ranger gets to the lake to dump the fish, he finds Humphrey in there, trying to eat one of the small fishes, which is then consumed by a much larger fish. Humphrey tries to remove the small fish from the belly of the large fish (and succeeds), and the bear clutches five other large fishes that jump out of the water, but then Woodlore appears to measure the fish, while at the same time punishing Humphrey by hitting him in the head with his boat and sinking him into the depths of the lake. When Humphrey grabs the fish (again) and emerges from the lake, he discovers a fish larger than any of the others; this turns out to be a fish balloon with which a young child is playing. Humphrey pops the balloon, and both the boy and Woodlore kick the bear in the knee. Humphrey thinks of some other way to foil the anglers, discovers the same boy from before walking on the shore of the lake with a toy boat, removes the bottom from the boat, ties it onto his head like a hat, and then submerges himself into the lake so that only the top of his hat shows, tricking the anglers into thinking that there is a shark in the water and causing them to flee in terror. He then steals all of the anglers' bags of fish, but then he loads the fish in these bags into Humphrey's airplane, giving him more of a full load than he was expecting. However, Humphrey decides to stuff "himself" into the plane, which proves to be too small for him, Woodlore "and" the fish, and then all of the fish in the plane, along with the bear, fall down into the lake. Woodlore gets a telephone call from the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, which tells him to stop fishing, as fishing season had ended the previous day. The ranger then takes out his scissors and cuts the rods of various anglers, trying to stuff some of their fish into his bucket, but then he finds Humphrey playing with various fish, and tells him "Fishing season's over!" He then paints a red "X" over the "Fishing Season" sign and flips it over to reveal the message "Hunting Season Open." After this, we see Humphrey being hunted, with shots fired at him from all directions, and running about as the cartoon irises out.

</doc>
<doc id="19165782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165782" title="Mitsuo Ikeda">
Mitsuo Ikeda

Olympics.
Mitsuo Ikeda competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "welterweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19165783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165783" title="Oklahoma Thunder">
Oklahoma Thunder

The Oklahoma Thunder are an American football team based in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Starting with the 2011 season, the team competes in the Gridiron Developmental Football League, playing in the Midwest-North Division in the GDFL's Impact Conference. Players have included Bacone College alumni, former major college standouts, and former NFL players including Willie Ponder. The team was founded by James "Sonny" Ashford in 2007 and the team's name pre-dates the relocation of the Seattle SuperSonics to Oklahoma City to become the Oklahoma City Thunder. The team's official colors are silver and blue. The team's cheerleaders are known as the Thunder Cats. 
From its founding in 2008 through the 2010 season, the Thunder competed in the Central Division of the new World Football League. Team founder Sonny Ashford was also an owner of the new WFL and served as its president. Through these three seasons, the team was undefeated with a 40–0 record and three consecutive league championships. In the GDFL, the team went 9-0 in the 2011 regular season and won 4 consecutive playoff games to win the Impact Conference Championship before losing to the Chambersburg Cardinals in the 2011 GDFL Championship game in Atlanta.
History.
World Football League (2008–2010).
2008 season.
In their 2008 inaugural season, the Oklahoma Thunder finished with a perfect 16–0 regular season record under head coach Bruce Madden. After beating the previously undefeated Texas Bulldogs 84-6 in the semi-final game, the Thunder rolled to 29–6 victory over the Austin Gamebreakers in World Bowl II on October 18, 2008, at Independence Stadium in Shreveport, Louisiana. (The new minor-league WFL retained the numbering from the original 1970s WFL.) After the game, Thunder head coach Bruce Madden was presented the WFL Coach of the Year Award and linebacker Joey Crawford was named WFL Player of the Year.
2009 season.
In 2009, the team posted another unbeaten record and went on to defeat the Dallas Diesel 41–12 in World Bowl III on August 29, 2009, at LaFortune Stadium in Tulsa.
The Team ended the season with several award winners and many players making all-star game appearances. During the Hall of Fame ceremony in Las Vegas, Thunder players received the following awards: QB Rico Watkins took home Quarterback of the Year, Offensive Player of the Year, and Overall Player of the Year. Coach Bruce Madden took home Coach of the Year. Corey Curtis won Offensive Lineman of the Year. Jeremy Gray won Defensive Player of the Year and Linebacker of the Year. T.J. Covington took home the Defensive Back of the Year award.
2010 season.
Fifteen Thunder players were named to the All-WFL Team in late-July 2010, more than any other team in the league. Quarterback Rico Watkins, wide receivers Marcus Pugh and Michael Swalley, tight end Clayton Froese, offensive lineman Jeremy Gray, defensive end C.B. Boyd, defensive tackle Aaron Littell, linebackers Joey Crawford and Jeremy Nethon, defensive back Quito Lightbourne, and special teams player Eli Kennard were all named to the first team. The second team included Thunder offensive linemen Josh Toops and Corey Curtis, defensive tackle Calvin Wychoff, defensive back Kurtis Dawson, and kicker Brandon Hawley.
After a 10–0 regular season in 2010 and a playoff win over the Fort Worth, Texas-based Eagle Mountain Marauders, the Thunder competed in their third straight World Bowl on July 31, 2010, where they faced the Des Moines Blaze at the East Tulsa Sports Complex in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The Thunder defeated the Blaze, 52–10, to claim their third consecutive league championship and extend their unbeaten streak to 40 games. Joey Crawford was named World Bowl MVP, his second such honor.
Gridiron Developmental Football League (2011–present).
2011 season.
For the 2011 season, the Thunder moved from the WFL to the larger Gridiron Developmental Football League. , the team's general manager and president is Steven Roper. Other key personnel for 2011 include Tracey Flemons as Director of Player Personnel, Ven Movva, M.D., as Director of Sports Medicine, Renita Baker as Director of Community Events, Jason Admire as Equipment Manager, Pastor Jeff Voth as Team Chaplain, and Steven Braun as Team Announcer. Coaches for 2011 include Rashid Lowe as Head Coach and Offensive Coordinator, Daniel Cornelison and Lamar Baker as Co-Defensive Coordinators, Khalid Lowe as WR and special Teams coach, Ty Forbes as RB and DL coach and Shannon Mayfield as Co-Offensive Coordinator. 
The team played its 10-game regular season in the Midwest-North Division in the GDFL's Impact Conference. The Thunder's home field was LaFortune Stadium in Tulsa. On August 7, the Thunder broke two league records in their game against the Kansas Diamondbacks. They broke the league record for points scored (96) and largest win margin (90). After the blowout win, the Thunder became the #1 ranked team in the GDFL. After defeating the St. Louis Bulldogs on August 13, the Thunder finished the 2011 regular season with a perfect 9-0 record, winning the Midwest North Division and clinching the top seed in the playoffs, and were ranked as the #1 team in the GDFL.
With home field advantage through all the preliminary playoff rounds, the Thunder defeated the North Texas Marauders (70-0) in the divisional playoff, the Dallas Diesel (24-22) in the regional playoff, the Indianapolis Tornados (48-13) in the Impact Conference South game, and the Kentucky Wolverines (42-6) in the Impact Conference Championship game. The Oklahoma Thunder travelled to Tara Stadium in Atlanta, Georgia, as the visitor to play the Xtreme Conference champion Chambersburg Cardinals in the GDFL Championship game. Suffering their first loss in franchise history, the Thunder fell 19-14 to the Cardinals.
2012 Season.
For the 2012 Season Thunder was able to clench the Mid-West Division Championship by Defeating the OKC Diamondbacks in the Second Round of Playoffs. The Thunder had a challenging season with the loss of the majority of their starters to the Indoor League. Thunder lost to the Indianapolis Tornadoes in the Third Round to finish the season 10-3 and a franchise standing of 63-4.
Home stadium.
In 2008, the team played its home games at Booker T. Washington Stadium and S.E. Williams Stadium in Tulsa. For the 2009 season, home games were moved to Exchange Bank Stadium in nearby Skiatook, Oklahoma. The Thunder played most of their 2010 home games at LaFortune Stadium in Tulsa, Oklahoma, before relocating to the East Tulsa Sports Complex. The Thunder's home field for 2011 was Lafortune Stadium in Tulsa.Thunders new home field Stadium for 2013 and 2014 Season is Bixby High School.
Media affiliations.
Home games are televised on KWHB-TV and Cox cable channel 7 in Tulsa on a one-hour delay.

</doc>
<doc id="19165811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165811" title="Luis Cruz">
Luis Cruz

Luis Alfonso Cruz (born February 10, 1984) is a Mexican professional baseball shortstop and third baseman who is currently with the Chiba Lotte Marines in Nippon Professional Baseball. He has previously played in Major League Baseball with the Pittsburgh Pirates, Milwaukee Brewers, Los Angeles Dodgers and New York Yankees. Cruz bats and throws right handed. He is and .
Professional career.
Boston Red Sox.
Cruz was originally signed by the Boston Red Sox as an amateur free agent on August 29, 2000. He played in the rookie leagues with the Gulf Coast Red Sox in 2001 and for 21 games in 2002 before he was promoted to the Class-A Augusta Greenjackets to finish the 2002 season. He hit .268 in 74 rookie league games and .188 with the Greenjackets.
San Diego Padres.
On December 16, 2002 he was traded to the San Diego Padres for César Crespo. He played for the Padres organization through 2007, with the Fort Wayne Wizards (129 games in 2003), Lake Elsinore Storm (124 games in 2004), Mobile BayBears (44 games in 2005, 130 games in 2006), San Antonio Missions (69 games in 2007) and Portland Beavers (45 games in 2007). He also spent some time during that period with the Diablos Rojos del México in the Mexican League and played for Mexican national team in the 2006 World Baseball Classic.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
Cruz signed a minor league contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates for the 2008 season. After spending the majority of the year with the Double-A Altoona Curve and Triple-A Indianapolis Indians, he was called up to Pittsburgh and made his debut for the Pirates on September 2, 2008 against the Cincinnati Reds, recording a single to left field in his first Major League at-bat off of Aaron Harang. He had 15 hits in 67 at-bats for the Pirates in 2008, a .224 batting average.
Though he began the 2009 season on the Pirates major league roster, Cruz was reassigned to Triple-A in mid-April to make room for second baseman Delwyn Young, recently acquired from the Los Angeles Dodgers. He was recalled again on July 10. He appeared in a total of 27 games for the Pirates, hitting .214 and also played in 66 for Indianapolis, where he hit .253.
Milwaukee Brewers.
After being claimed off waivers by the Milwaukee Brewers on December 7, 2009, Cruz played the entire 2010 season with the Triple-A Nashville Sounds (hitting .281 in 129 games) before being recalled by the Brewers on September 6, 2010. He appeared in only 7 games that September for the Brewers and hit .235.
During spring training 2011, Cruz was outrighted to Nashville but refused the assignment and opted for free agency on March 28.
Texas Rangers.
He signed a minor league contract with the Texas Rangers on March 29, one day after his release by the Brewers. He played in 67 games for the AAA Round Rock Express, hitting .273 and also spent some more time on loan to the Mexican League.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
Cruz signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers on November 20, 2011. After failing to make the Dodgers opening day roster, he was assigned to the AAA Albuquerque Isotopes, where he hit .318 and was selected to the Pacific Coast League mid-season All-Star team. He was called up to the Dodgers on July 2, 2012 when the Dodgers shortstop, Dee Gordon, was injured. The following day he stole home after doubling in a game against the Cincinnati Reds. He hit his first Major League home run on July 20 against Johan Santana of the New York Mets. Cruz remained in the starting lineup the rest of the season, first at shortstop and then switching over to third base when the Dodgers acquired Hanley Ramírez. Cruz's underdog success during 2012 led the home crowds at Dodger Stadium to chant "Cruuuuuz" when he came up to bat and the Dodgers began selling his replica jersey in the gift shop. On the season, he played in 78 games and hit .297 with 6 home runs and 40 RBI. He played for Mexico in the 2013 World Baseball Classic.
Cruz began 2013 as the Dodgers starting third baseman but hit poorly and wound up as a seldom used utility infielder. In 45 games, he hit only .127 with 3 extra base hits. The Dodgers designated him for assignment and removed him from the 40 man roster on June 28. On July 2, he declined an assignment to AAA and became a free agent.
New York Yankees.
On July 3, 2013, Cruz signed with the New York Yankees. He played in just 16 games for the Yankees, hitting .182 before he was placed on the disabled list with a knee sprain on July 24. The Yankees designated him for assignment on August 16. He was released on August 19, 2013.
Chiba Lotte Marines.
He signed with the Chiba Lotte Marines in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball for 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19165824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165824" title="Australian New Guinea Administrative Unit">
Australian New Guinea Administrative Unit

The Australian New Guinea Administrative Unit (ANGAU) was a civil administration of Territory of Papua and the Mandated Territory of New Guinea formed on 21 March 1942 during World War II. The civil administration of both Papua and the Mandated Territory of New Guinea were replaced by an Australian Army military government and came under the control of ANGAU from February 1942 until the end of World War II.
Civil officers from both Papua and the Mandated Territory of New Guinea were posted to ANGAU based in Port Moresby. ANGAU undertook civil tasks of maintaining law and medical services in areas not occupied by the Imperial Japanese and was responsible to New Guinea Force. The major responsibility of the unit was to organize the resources of land and labour for the war effort. ANGAU was also responsible for recruiting, organising and supervising local labour for the Australian and American armed forces in New Guinea included rehabilitation of the local inhabitants in reoccupied areas. It was also responsible for the administration of the Pacific Islands Regiment.
The ANGAU officers and their New Guinean carriers, labourers, scouts, guides and police were highly regarded by the American and Australian military. After the end of World War II, ANGAU was abolished and was replaced under the Papua New Guinea Provisional Administration Act (1945–46) by the combined government of Papua and Australian New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="19165834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165834" title="Niccolò Comneno Papadopoli">
Niccolò Comneno Papadopoli

Niccolò Comneno Papadopoli (Greek:"Nikólaos Komninós Papadópoulos", Νικόλαος Κομνηνός Παπαδόπουλος; born 6 January 1655 on Crete; died 20 January 1740 in Padua) was an Italian lawyer and historian of Greek origin.
He was born to Zuanne (Giovanni) Papadopoli, a Republic of Venice Administrator at Candia, present day Heraklion (Ηράκλειο).
Papadopoli studied Canon Law and became a librarian at the University of Padua. In 1726 he published on the history of the university.
That work contains gross inaccuracies (if not lies), for example regarding the life of Oliver Cromwell and Nicolaus Copernicus. Papadopoli had falsely claimed in 1726 that he had seen an entry of Copernicus in records of a "Polish nation" at the university. In the century that had passed since, this claim had been widely published and ""found a place in all subsequent biographies of Copernicus, but the decorative particulars added by the historian of the Pavian university have been shown to be wholly incorrect"" as shown over 150 years by Carlo Malagola and Leopold Prowe.
Papadopoli's work was continued since 1739 by Jacopo Facciolati.

</doc>
<doc id="19165846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165846" title="Peel Park, Salford">
Peel Park, Salford

Peel Park is a public urban park in Salford, Greater Manchester, England, located on the flood plain of the River Irwell below Salford Crescent and adjacent to the University of Salford. It was the first of three public parks to be opened on 22 August 1846, for the people of Manchester and Salford, paid for by public subscription.
History.
Early 19th-century reformers had become concerned about the consequences of enclosure and thought that public walks and gardens were the solution. Richard Walker, the Member of Parliament for Bury had spoken in Parliament about the lack of areas for recreation in his home town and in 1833 the Select Committee on Public Walks was set up to look at the problem. The committee noted that, owing to urban development and rising property values during the previous fifty years, "many inclosures of open spaces in the vicinity of Towns had taken place, and little or no provision had been made for Public Walks or Open Spaces, fitted to afford means of exercise or amusement to the middle or humbler classes". They gathered witnesses from dozen or so of the large manufacturing towns to try to establish remedies. One of their conclusions was that "having a place to which they (the humbler classes) might resort on a Sunday Evening would tend to promote that self-respect which is so advantageous to all classes". Although there were a number of parks in the UK, most of them were royal parks or privately owned estates, and the landowners could exclude those they didn't approve of, as is illustrated by the following letter published in "The Times" on 10 July 1846:
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES.
Sir, I wish. that you would let your readers understand that Hyde park and St. James's Park are not public parks. Victoria park and the suburban parks are intended for the public — the former parks for the aristocracy. St. James's park has for some time been very exclusive, and now Hyde-park imitates its neighbor. Last Wednesday every decently dressed mechanic was turned out of Hyde-park. The warden in green said this was in accordance, with new orders received from the Ranger. It strikes me that these very green, underlings are acting in a way, whether with or without authority, most conducive to encourage revolutionary Principles, and I expect some day to hear of their getting a good ducking in the Serpentine. What is the use of this excessive exclusiveness with regard to parks which used to be considered public?, It is enough to make any person's blood boil to see a well-dressed mechanic refused admission into a park considered public. I wish, Sir, you would either enlighten me on the subject or attempt some improvement of the aristocratic notions of the men in green. Their behaviour proves that no one is so exclusive as one of the lower classes when placed in authority.
I am, Sir, Your obedient servant, C. D. Hyde-park-square, July 9.
The most prominent supporters of the campaign in the north of England were Liberal MP for Manchester Mark Philips, and the then Prime Minister, Sir Robert Peel. Large sums of money were contributed to the fund by both these men and also by the local workers. In a letter to the Manchester Guardian, published in The Times on October 31, 1844, the writer said;
scarcely a week passes without bringing its own new and striking testimony to the deep interest felt in the Promotion of this great object by all classes of the community. From the Premier of England to the humblest operative ... We have already mentioned several instances in the course of the subscription which show that the clerks salesmen, warehousemen, and even the packers and porters in the warehouses are as heartily disposed to promote the success of this object as any other class of the community; and they have proved themselves as liberal, in proportion to their means, as their employers themselves. We are tempted, even in anticipation of the usual weekly advertisement of the sums received since the amount last advertised, to mention the most recent instance of this class which has contributed to swell the aggregate amount of the fund by no inconsiderable sum. We have already noticed the handsome contributions of Mr. Mark Philips and of Sir George Philips, and we have now the pleasure to record the subscription of the clerks, salesmen, warehousemen, and porters, in the warehouse of the firm of which our excellent representative is a member — Messrs. J. and W. Philips and Co., Church-street. Including all classes of employees youths, porters, &c., we find that 90 individuals in this establishment have contributed the very large and liberal amount of £221. 2s. in aid of the fund for public parks. - Manchester Guardian 
After seven years of campaigning, Manchester set up the Committee for Public Walks, Gardens & Playgrounds, and a design competition was held for the three parks — Queen's Park and Philips Park, in Manchester, and Peel Park in Salford. Each park was required to have playgrounds, including provision for archery and quoits, together with skittle and ball alleys, a refreshment room, one or more fountains, and retiring places The competition was won by Joshua Major and Son of Knowsthorp, near Leeds, and the parks were laid out under Major's supervision in 1845–46, by the company of Pim and Richardson, Nurseymen, of Higher Ardwick.
The three parks were all opened, with great ceremony, on 22 August 1846, Peel Park on the Lark Hill Estate being the first to be opened "for the enjoyment and recreation of the public" followed by Queen's Park in Harpurhey and Philips Park in Bradford, Manchester. Peel Park, named in honour of Sir Robert Peel, is now said to be possibly the world's first Public Park, although it may not even be the first public park in England as Derby Arboretum, which was given to Derby Town Council on 16 September 1840, claims this title.
Salford Museum and Art Gallery, which was built to replace the Lark Hill mansion on the higher ground overlooking the park, first opened in November 1850 as the "Royal Museum & Public Library". The library is said to be the first unconditionally free public library in England.
Following a great wave of public grief after Robert Peel's unexpected death in 1850, a commemorative statue was erected in the park, paid for by public subscription. This was the beginning of a collection of bronze and marble statues of public figures, to be erected in the park, all of which were produced by sculptor Matthew Noble. The collection included depictions of Queen Victoria, Albert, Prince Consort, Joseph Brotherton MP and Richard Cobden. The statue of Queen Victoria was erected in front of the Salford Museum and Art Gallery in 1857, to commemorate the royal visit of 1851 to Manchester and Salford, when she was welcomed by a crowd of eighty thousand people in the park. The statue was unveiled by the Queen on her second visit in 1857 by which time a stone arch decorated in the Indian style had been erected in her honour at the entrance to the park. The commemorative statue of the Prince Consort was erected after his death in 1861. 
In November 1866 the River Irwell burst its banks, flooding much of Lower Broughton. The flood was said to be "more extensive and devastating in its effects than perhaps any that has occurred in this locality within the memory of living man". Three men were drowned and many others, including the keeper of the park, had to be rescued from the upper stories of their homes. As part of a general renovation of the park a granite flood obelisk was erected in 1867 with a flood marker on two faces showing the height of 8 feet 6 inches, reached by the water on 16 November 1866.
The Salford Royal Technical School was built in the park in the latter years of the 19th century, opening in 1896, and the artist L.S. Lowry studied art there in the 1920s. A number of his works feature views of the park including; five sketches ("Peel Park Sketches 1-5)", two pencil drawings named "Bandstand, Peel Park, Salford" (1924 & 1925), "Over the Terrace, Peel Park"(1927) and two paintings named "Peel Park, Salford. (1927 & 1930)" The Salford Museum and Art Gallery built up a major collection of his works from 1930, and housed them until August 2000 when they were moved to the The Lowry at Salford Quays.
In 1937 the Victoria Arch was declared unsafe and demolished and In 1954 the statues of Robert Peel, Richard Cobden and Joseph Brotherton were dismantled and put into storage, to make way for an extension of Salford Technical College. In 1969 the Peel and Brotherton statues were sold to Christopher Richards of Gawsworth Hall, Macclesfield and placed in the grounds of the hall where the Peel statue still stands. The Brotherton statue was bought by Manchester City Council fifteen years later and now stands on the newly created Riverside Walk, close to Albert Bridge looking across the River Irwell towards Salford. The whereabouts of the Cobden statue is unknown. The only statues remaining in the park today are the two depicting Queen Victoria and the Prince Consort. The Technical School became a college of advanced technology in 1956, and part of the University of Salford in 1967. A number of other University buildings have since been constructed on the site.
A report to Salford City Council on 21 May 2008 recommended that Peel Park and the adjacent David Lewis Recreation Ground be included in The Crescent Conservation Area:
REPORT OF THE LEAD MEMBER FOR PLANNING
TO COUNCIL ON 21st MAY 2008
Boundary changes are recommended for The Crescent. These consist of:
The inclusion of Peel Park and David Lewis Recreation Ground. The park was opened in 1846 as one of a pioneering Manchester/Salford initiative of three public parks. These were the first to be established in a major industrial city. Linked with the establishment of one of the earliest public local museums in the country and the very first free public library in 1850, Peel Park formed a crucial part of landmark social reform in the Victorian period and was intrinsic to the development of The Crescent area. Peel Park was extended in phases through the late 19th and early 20th century to include the open space now known as the David Lewis Recreation Ground. The proposed boundary change reflects the historical boundary of the early 20th century.
Facilities.
The park today includes the David Lewis Sports Ground and has the following facilities available:

</doc>
<doc id="19165852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165852" title="The Lady Is a Square">
The Lady Is a Square

The Lady Is a Square is a 1959 British comedy musical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and featuring Anna Neagle, Frankie Vaughan and Janette Scott. An aspiring singer goes to work as a butler in the house of a classical music patron. It was Neagle's final film appearance and the last film directed by Wilcox although he produced several further films before his bankcruptcy in 1964.
Plot.
Mrs Baring, a business woman and patron of classical music, has arranged for a celebrated Eastern Bloc musician, Spolenski, to play in a series of concerts in Britain. However, she is aware that she is on the brink of bankruptcy and the Spolenski tour offers a final chance to save her finances.
Johnny Burns, an aspiring singer is hanging around a music shop he frequents when he spot Mrs Baring’s daughter, Joanna. Enraptured he pretends to be a piano-tuner and goes round to her house to help prepare the piano for a party held in Spolenksi’s honour. Later, when Mrs Baring is short of a butler he offers his services and is so successful at his duties that he is taken on in a more permanent basis. He slowly begins to bond and court Joanna while doing his best to conceal his love of popular, modern music from Mrs Baring who is resolutely opposed to it and has forbidden her daughter to listen to it. Her financial problems continue to mount up and her phone is cut due to unpaid bills.
Burns’ friend and agent, Freddy, meanwhile has secured him an audition with Greenslade, a major popular record label, who are impressed with his performance. Convinced he is going to be a major star, they make plans to sign him up on a long-term contract. Burn’s first demand of Greenslade is for money to pay for Mrs Baring’s telephone to be restored. Mrs Baring is relieved by this gesture, but believes the money came from one of her other friends rather than Burns.
Burn’s career swiftly takes off, he is engaged to perform at Talk of the Town, while still keeping his new success a secret from the Barings. Mrs Baring has further problems when tickets for her Spolenski concerts sell badly, and he threatens to leave for home unless she is able to put up £3,000. Once again Burns secretly steps in, securing the money as an advance from Greenslades. After learning of Burn’s fame, Joanna goes to his concert. When her mother discovers this, she grows furious and confronts both of them firing Burns and forbidding her daughter from seeing him again. In his anger, he calls her a “square”. 
Their rift is not helped by his next song, “The Lady is a Square” which appears to be directly mocking her. However she relents when she discovers that he has secretly been paying her bills and that he is trying to abandon a concert of his, which is scheduled at the same time as her Spolenski concert, in a bid to help her ticket sales. Spolenski then falls ill, which turns out to be a blessing as it will mean they will be able to re-launch the tour with financial assistance from Greenslade.
Baring and her daughter attend Burn’s concert where to their surprise he performs Handel’s Ombra mai fu with the National Youth Orchestra, to wild applause from his fans. Ultimately they are able to agree on the co-existence of popular and classical music and Mrs Baring ends the film dancing to one of Burns’ songs.

</doc>
<doc id="19165858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165858" title="Yaroslav Kutsyaba">
Yaroslav Kutsyaba

Yaroslav Kutsyaba (; born 12 April 1989 in Stoyantsi, Radekhiv Raion, Lviv Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays on loan for Ukrainian Second League club MFC Mykolaiv. He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19165864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165864" title="Committee for Sensible Marijuana Policy">
Committee for Sensible Marijuana Policy

The Committee for Sensible Marijuana Policy is a Boston, Massachusetts based organization that was devoted to passing Question 2, a marijuana decriminalization initiative also known as the Massachusetts Sensible Marijuana Policy Initiative that was passed in Massachusetts in 2008 and officially became law on January 2, 2009 Whitney A. Taylor is the Treasurer and Chairwoman of the organization. 
Efforts to enact.
The committee collected over 100,000 signatures in the first stage of getting the measure enacted. Because the Massachusetts legislature declined to take action, On May 7, the committee began the second stage of the signature drive, which required another 11,099 valid signatures from residents of the commonwealth. And prior to the June 18 deadline for this second stage, they turned in over 20,000 raw signatures, more than the total needed to qualify for the ballot. The secretary of state subsequently accepted and assigned the measure as Ballot Question 2 for 2008
Finances.
Philanthropist George Soros made an initial contribution of $400,000. The committee has also received $750,000 cash as well as about $320,000 in donated time and services from the Marijuana Policy Project, an organization created to reform marijuana laws in the United States. According to campaign finance reports, as of November 1, 2008 the committee has raised approximately US$1,250,000 to help pass the measure with $40,060.90 remaining. 

</doc>
<doc id="19165882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165882" title="Roman Kuzyk">
Roman Kuzyk

Roman Kuzyk (born 7 June 1989 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Karpaty Lviv. He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19165883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165883" title="Jiichiro Date">
Jiichiro Date

Olympics.
Date competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "welterweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19165897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165897" title="Blind Spot (1958 film)">
Blind Spot (1958 film)

Blind Spot is a 1958 British drama film directed by Peter Maxwell and starring Robert MacKenzie, Delphi Lawrence, Gordon Jackson, John Le Mesurier and Michael Caine in an early screen appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="19165901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165901" title="Bruno Hunziker">
Bruno Hunziker

Bruno Hunziker (10 February 1930 in Winterthur – 27 March 2000 in Aarau) was a Swiss attorney, politician, and member of the Aargau canton and Swiss federal parliaments.
Early life.
Bruno Hunziker was a citizen of Oberkulm and Aarau and was raised in Möhlin, Switzerland. After studying law in Basel, he engaged in local law from 1957 to 1968.
Canton Politics.
Bruno Hunziker was a member of Aargau's canton parliament (the Grand Council), 1965–1968. Bruno Hunziker was head of the canton's construction department in 1968 and then, from 1969–1976, the health department. During his tenure in the health department, the Swiss Hospital Institute was founded in Aarau and Bruno Hunziker became its first president. He was twice president of the Aargau canton government (1 April 1970 – 31 March 1971, 1 February 1976 – 31 March 1976).
Federal Politics.
Bruno was a member of both houses of Swiss parliament, the National Council (1977–1987) and the Council of States (1987–1991). In 1984, Rudolf Friedrich resigned from the Federal Council. The Free Democratic Party then nominated Elisabeth Kopp and Bruno Hunziker. Although Hunziker was expected to handily win, on 2 Oct 1894 with 124 of 244 votes, Kopp became the first woman elected to the Federal Council. The FDP may have wished to appease the Green Party which preferred the stringent emissions standards of Zurich, Kopp's base. Bruno Hunziker was president of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland from 1984 to 1989.
Notes.
Similar pages in other languages:

</doc>
<doc id="19165906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165906" title="Newton on the Moor">
Newton on the Moor

 
Newton on the Moor is a village in Northumberland, England. It is located south of Alnwick, on the old route of the A1 road although the village has now been bypassed just to the east. The village in the civil parish of Newton on the Moor and Swarland, which also includes the village of Swarland, south-west of Newton on the Moor. The population of the parish is 822. The village is a conservation area.
A settlement existed at Newton on the Moor in the late 13th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19165924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165924" title="Lincoln Hurst">
Lincoln Hurst

Lincoln Douglas Hurst B.A. M.Div. Th.M. D.Phil. (May 6, 1946 – November 11, 2008), also known as "Lincoln Hurst", "L. D. Hurst", or "Lincoln D. Hurst", was an American scholar of the Bible, religious history, and film. He was Emeritus Professor at the University of California, Davis (1983–2006), and Adjunct Professor at Fuller Theological Seminary, Pasadena, California (1987–2008). 
Life and career.
Born in Chicago and raised in Arlington Heights, Illinois, Hurst graduated from Arlington High School, and later received the Bachelor
of Arts degree in History from Trinity College (now Trinity International University), Deerfield, Illinois (1969). He was then granted
the Master of Divinity (1973) and Master of Theology (1976) degrees from Princeton Theological Seminary (where he worked under the late Bruce M. Metzger) and
the Doctor of Philosophy (1982) degree from Oxford University (Mansfield College), England, where he worked under the late G. B. Caird. Anglican Bishop N.T. Wright also did his doctoral work under Caird, and three years after Caird's death Hurst and Wright co-edited a volume in his memory. Hurst also acted as Caird's family-appointed literary executor, insofar as some of Caird's work was left hanging in mid-air when he died. Before taking up a post at the University of California, Davis in 1983, he was an Instructor at Bloomfield
College, New Jersey (1973–74), Lecturer (1979–80) and Junior Dean (1980–81) at Mansfield College, Oxford, and Visiting Fellow at Princeton Theological Seminary (Fall, 1982). He was a lifelong proponent of Animal welfare. Committed to preserving the memories of G. B. Caird and Errol Flynn, Hurst spent the final weeks of his life writing about the historic achievements of both men. He died suddenly from a heart attack in November 2008.
Areas of Activity.
Biblical studies.
Having written extensively on the Epistle to the Hebrews, Hurst's work has also focused on a variety of other topics, including ethics in religion, the Aramaic language of the Gospels and Acts, the Dead Sea scrolls, the development of early Christian thought about Jesus, New Testament Theology, and the relationship of religion and film. His work has shown a maverick tendency, with a willingness to take up unpopular positions that go against the mainstream. His discussion of Hebrews (Hurst 1990) accordingly is unconcerned about the identity of the unknown author - a common preoccupation - but is rather directed at uncovering the particular religious milieu out of which he or she came. He is insistent that the author was not a disciple of either Plato or Philo, or that he was a former member of the Qumran community - prevailing views for much of the twentieth century. The writer instead was a mainstream first century Christian who was heavily influenced by Paul the Apostle and the Jewish Apocalyptic tradition. He also maintains, against virtually all scholars and commentators, that the first chapter of Hebrews is designed to illustrate not the deity of Christ, but his perfect humanity. The first-century writer wishes his readers to know that in Jesus God has restored the human race to its proper predestined place "above the angels" (Psalm 8:4-6; Hurst 1987). His interest in the question of the Historical Jesus led him to question the linguistic techniques by which the majority of scholars have attempted to reconstruct Jesus's original Aramaic words beneath the later Greek gospels (Hurst 1986). The ethical dimensions of Jesus's teaching is another area into which he has delved; he considers Jesus's ethics to be indissolubly linked to Realized eschatology - the idea (associated with C. H. Dodd) that for Jesus the Kingdom of God had already, in substantial form, arrived in the teaching, life, and death of Jesus (Hurst 1992). A central facet of Christian doctrine since the early centuries of the church has been the Pre-existence of Christ, and this is another area that has attracted his attention.
His claim (following G. B. Caird) that Paul the Apostle represents both the earliest and the highest thinking about Jesus in the New Testament (as opposed, for instance, to the Gospel of John) runs counter to the view of the majority of scholars, and in this case he has had a notable disagreement with University of Durham theology Professor James Dunn (Hurst, 1986); he and Dunn have appeared in the same volume "discussing" the question (Martin and Dodd, 1998). Hurst's interest in the subject of New Testament Theology, sparked by his posthumous completion of G. B. Caird's work of that title, remains a continuing thrust of his research.
The messianism of the Dead Sea scrolls has been one of the most widely discussed topics of the past sixty years in western religious circles; here it has been almost a dogma among scholars that the members of the Qumran community where idiosyncratic in that they expected not one, but two Messiahs. Hurst has stood against this idea, claiming that the members of the desert sect held to a thoroughly orthodox Jewish belief in one Messiah (Hurst 1999) (there is little, if any, evidence that his arguments in this regard have made even a negligible impact on the field). He is also concerned to explore the influence of Christianity in general, and the Bible in particular, on the films of the twentieth and twenty-first centuries - especially those that use the Bible symbolically in "modern" settings (Hurst 2004).
Film History.
In addition to studies in religion and the Bible, Hurst has maintained a long interest in the history of film. For most of his life he has studied cinema as an avocation, but in recent years it has taken up an increasing amount of his time. For approximately ten years he taught a popular course on film at the University of California, Davis, where his work tended to center on the relationship of film and music and
of film and religion. He is an accredited film historian, having appeared in many documentary
features (on DVD and television, including Britain (the BBC) and Australia (the ABC)) dealing with various aspects of some of the most significant films in American cinematic history. He has shown a special fondness for crime films, having publicly commented on three of what he considers (in addition to The Godfather trilogy) to be among the most historically crucial: Angels with Dirty Faces, The Roaring Twenties, and (most significantly) White Heat.
He is seen notably in features accompanying the Warner Brothers DVD releases of the classic 1941 release of "The Maltese Falcon", and in various 'signature collection' DVDs, including those of Humphrey Bogart and Errol Flynn, featuring on the commentaries alongside Martin Scorsese, Eric Lax, Michael Madsen, Theresa Russell, among others. In 2005 he recorded the full-length audio commentary for the Warner Home Video DVD release of the 1939 classic James Cagney crime film, The Roaring Twenties, included in "The Warner Gangsters Collection".

</doc>
<doc id="19165926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165926" title="21st Century Community Learning Center">
21st Century Community Learning Center

The 21st Century Community Learning Centers (21st CCLC) initiative is the only federal funding source dedicated exclusively to afterschool programs. The No Child Left Behind Act reauthorized 21st CCLC in 2002, transferring the administration of the grants from the U.S. Department of Education to the state education agencies. Each state receives funds based on its share of Title I funding for low-income students. Funds are also allotted to outlying areas and the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The No Child Left Behind Act narrowed the focus of 21st CCLC from a community learning center model, where all members of the community benefited from access to school resources such as teachers, computer labs, gymnasiums and classrooms, to an afterschool program model that provides the following services to students attending high-poverty, low-performing schools: Academic enrichment activities that can help students meet state and local achievement standards. A broad array of additional services designed to reinforce and complement the regular academic program, such as: drug and violence prevention programs, counseling programs, art, music, and recreation programs, technology education programs, and character education programs. Literacy and related educational development services to the families of children who are served in the program.
See also.
[http://www.hfrp.org/publications-resources/browse-our-publications/evaluation-of-21st-century-community-learning-center-programs-a-guide-for-state-education-agencies]
[http://www.financeproject.org/publications/sustaining_21cclc.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="19165927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165927" title="Α5IA">
Α5IA

α5IA (LS-193,268) is a nootropic drug invented in 2004 by a team working for Merck, Sharp and Dohme, which acts as a subtype-selective inverse agonist at the benzodiazepine binding site on the GABAA receptor. It binds to the α1, α2, α3 and α5 subtypes, but shows much higher efficacy at the α5 subtype, and acts either as a weak partial agonist or inverse agonist at the other subtypes, with its partial agonist effect at α2 likely to be responsible for the lack of anxiety produced by this drug when compared to older α5-preferring inverse agonists such as L-655,708.
The α5 subtype is expressed predominantly in the hippocampus, an area of the brain involved with learning and memory, and activation of this subtype is thought to be largely responsible for producing the cognitive side effects displayed by many benzodiazepine and nonbenzodiazepine drugs, such as amnesia and difficulties with learning and memory. This led researchers to conclude that a drug acting as an inverse agonist at this subtype should have the opposite effect and enhance learning and memory.
Older non-selective inverse agonists at the benzodiazepine site such as DMCM are associated with a range of other effects including anxiety and convulsions, but because α5IA acts specifically at the α5 subtype it produces nootropic effects in animal studies, yet without any significant anxiogenic or pro-convulsant effects. This gives α5IA the potential to be a useful drug either to be used alongside benzodiazepines to counteract their cognitive side effects, or by itself as a nootropic with possible applications in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia.

</doc>
<doc id="19165930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165930" title="Wawa River">
Wawa River

Wawa River refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="19165938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165938" title="Lupophon">
Lupophon

The Lupophon is a woodwind instrument developed by Guntram Wolf of Kronach and Benedikt Eppelsheim of Munich, Germany, manufactured by Guntram Wolf. The instrument takes name after the Italian translation of the inventor's surname ("lupo" standing for "wolf"), as the sarrusophone, the saxhorn, the saxophone, the heckelphone, the rothphone had been called after their inventors. 
It is in effect a modified heckelphone, with a slightly smaller bore and range down to low F. The lower portion of the instrument is folded back on itself in order to manage the considerable length of the tube, somewhat in the manner of a saxophone. The addition of the 4 lowest semitones allows it to cover the full intended range of the heckelphone part of Richard Strauss' "Eine Alpensinfonie", which descends beyond that instrument's lowest note. 
The first chamber composition featuring the instrument in a solo capacity, PLP for lupophone and two pianos by Samuel Andreyev, was premiered by Martin Bliggenstorfer in Amsterdam on 15 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19165943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165943" title="Man with a Gun">
Man with a Gun

Man with a Gun is a 1958 British crime film directed by Montgomery Tully from a screenplay by Michael Winner. It starred Lee Patterson, Rona Anderson and John Le Mesurier.

</doc>
<doc id="19165965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165965" title="The Rotunda (Baltimore)">
The Rotunda (Baltimore)

The Rotunda is a shopping mall in Baltimore, Maryland, located near the renowned neighborhoods of Roland Park, Hampden, and Medfield, and near Johns Hopkins University. The mall was developed by Bernard Manekin who converted the 1920s Maryland Casualty Insurance Co. building, designed by Otto Simonson, into a shopping center in 1971. The mall's centerpiece is a bell tower which chimes the Westminster Quarters. It was renovated in 2002.
It featured office and retail space, including Rite Aid, the Rotunda Cinematheque, and various specialty shops
Giant Food closed their Rotunda location on March 29, 2012 and opened a new branch the same day at Green Spring Tower Shopping Center. In 2013 Hair Cuttery and Radio Shack joined Giant at Greenspring and Casa Mia's Pizza closed until 2014, leaving only Rite Aid.
A Christian Science Reading Room remains in the building, although it is no longer located on the second floor at the foot of the ramp in front of Giant Food, now occupied by Allstate.
The Baltimore Clear Channel headquarters are located on the third floor, which includes the studios for WPOC 93.1, WZFT Z104.3, WQSR 102.7 Jack FM and WCAO Heaven 600 AM.
The Social Security office is located on the fourth floor.
The rest of the offices house lawyers, dentists, sports physicians, a dyslexia tutoring program, mental health professionals and various other specialists.
History.
The Rotunda has been neglected for the past several decades. The mall was bought by Hekemian & Co., Inc. in the 2000s.
Future Plans.
Hekemian is currently working toward a planned $100 million redevelopment of the site, which would include up to 300 apartments, several shops and restaurants, and a boutique grocer. Hekemian is expected to have a grocer lined up by summer 2012, though the store would likely not open until the redevelopment is complete.
Transportation.
Two Maryland Transit Administration bus lines operate past The Rotunda: Routes 22 and 98.

</doc>
<doc id="19165970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165970" title="Diamond Island">
Diamond Island

Diamond Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19165990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165990" title="Nossaman">
Nossaman

Nossaman LLP is a national law firm with 160 attorneys and policy advisors located in seven offices throughout the United States. The Firm focuses on distinct areas of law and policy, as well as in specific industries, ranging from transportation, healthcare and financial services to real estate development, water and employment. Clients of the Firm include multi-national corporations, public agencies, private businesses, trade associations, non-profits, and individuals. E. George Joseph serves as Nossaman's managing partner.
The Firm was founded in 1942 in Los Angeles by Walter L. Nossaman. As a result of several mergers and acquisitions, the Firm’s name has morphed throughout the years. In 2008, Nossaman merged with the Washington, DC law firm O’Connor & Hannan and shortened its name from Nossaman Guthner Knox & Elliott.
Our Litigation Department celebrated a significant win with our client, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporate (FDIC), in "Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, as the Receiver for IndyMac Bank, F.S.B. v. Scott Van Dellen et al." where the FDIC was awarded a $169 million verdict. This was the first lawsuit filed against former bank officers by the FDIC arising out of the recent financial crisis and was also the first such suit to go to trial. This verdict was #13 on the "National Law Journal's" list of the "Top 100 Verdicts of the Year" for 2012, and was profiled by the "Daily Journal" as the Top Plaintiffs' Verdict by Impact for 2012 and named the second largest Plaintiffs' Verdict by Dollar for 2012 (the only case to earn a place on both "Daily Journal" lists).
Also celebrating many recent milestones, Nossaman's Infrastructure Practice Group, named one of the Top Project Finance Practice Groups of 2012 by Law360, served as the lead outside legal advisor to the California Department of Transportation ("Caltrans") on the $1.1 billion Presidio Parkway Project, the first transportation project in California to be delivered under the state's recently enacted public-private partnership (P3) statute. The project was recognized as the "Americas P3 Deal of the Year" by "Project Finance International." Our Infrastructure group also advised the Virginia Department of Transportation on the procurement and negotiation of a $2.1 billion toll concession P3 to design, build, finance, operate, and maintain the Downtown Tunnel/Midtown Tunnel/MLK Freeway. The project was the first United States transportation P3 to reach financial close in 2012 and is the largest transportation project undertaken in the region in almost 30 years.
Additionally, members of Nossaman's Healthcare and Corporate Practice Groups successfully represented HealthCare Partners, the country's largest operator of medical groups and physician networks, in their merger agreement with DaVita Inc., a leading provider of kidney care services for those diagnosed with chronic kidney disease. The $4.42 billion merger was the fifth largest M&A deal in California in 2012.
Continuing the streak of success, Nossaman's Environment and Land Use Practice Group successfully defended the construction of a new $1.5 billion light rail transit line that will connect downtown Los Angeles with Santa Monica in a case of great importance to transportation and public works projects. Nossaman advised the Exposition Metro Line Construction Authority on environmental compliance issues and defeated state and federal legal challenges under the California Environmental Quality Act and the National Environmental Policy Act. When completed, the project will establish the first modern rail transit connection between downtown and the west side of L.A. – an area with among the worst traffic congestion in the nation. 
"The National Law Journal" named Nossaman to its 2012 “NLJ 350" list of largest law firms in the United States, and its 2011 “Midsize Hot List", a special feature that highlights 20 of the nation's leading midsize law firms. Chambers and Partners continually recognizes Nossaman’s Healthcare and Infrastructure Practice Groups in its guide to top law firms in the U.S. Nossaman Partners Geoff Yarema and Patrick Harder are top-ranked nationally in the public-private partnership (P3) projects category. Nossaman Partner Linda Morgan is also ranked in the top tier for the nationwide Transportation: Rail category. The Firm's healthcare practice is ranked in California as well as healthcare chair, Richard Spohn.
Nossaman is a member of The Bridge Group, a non-exclusive network of law firms in the United States and Europe. This network offers expanded geographic reach and depth of experience to clients, including the resources and expertise of more than 1,500 legal professionals in numerous cities around the world.
Notable people.
Robert M. Adler is known for his successful defense of Gerald Lankford, a former director of human resources at Tyson Foods, in a seven-week criminal trial brought against Tyson Foods and a number of its employees for allegedly hiring workers know to be undocumented immigrants. The National Law Journal named the acquittal the biggest defense win of the year.
William T. Bagley is a former California state assemblymember representing Marin. He is currently a partner at Nossaman in San Francisco. A Segment of the California 101 is named the William T. Bagley freeway.
George J. Hochbrueckner is a former member of the U.S. House of Representatives and current Senior Policy Advisor with Nossaman in Washington, DC.
Edward V.A. Kussy is a current partner at Nossaman in Washington, DC and the former chief deputy counsel to the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA).
Kurt W. Melchior was inducted into the California Trial Lawyers Hall of Fame in 2004. He is a Nossaman Partner and serves as the Firm's General Counsel.
Linda Morgan has more 30 years of in-depth regulatory and legislative experience in the transportation industry. Ms. Morgan was chair of the Transportation Practice Group and co-chair of the Government Affairs Group at an international law firm. In 1995, President Clinton appointed her as Chairman of the former Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC), which became the Surface Transportation Board (STB) in 1996. In 1999, the Senate confirmed Ms. Morgan for a second term, and in 2001, President Bush asked for her continued service as Chairman until he designated a new Chairman in December 2002.
Bonnie Neely was a six-term Humboldt County Supervisor and a 12-year member of the California Coastal Commission. She served on the Commission — which she chaired in 2009 and 2010 — as a governor's appointee.
Robert D. Thornton pioneered the Habitat Conservation Plan (HCP) concept creating the first such plan for the area around San Bruno Mountain. He authored and advocated the HCP provisions of the Endangered Species Act. In 2007 and 2008, Mr. Thornton was ranked as one of the top 10 environmental lawyers nationally by United States Lawyer Rankings. He is a partner at Nossaman and located in Orange County.
Geoffrey S. Yarema was appointed in 2007 by U.S. Secretary of Transportation Mary Peters to the National Surface Transportation Financing Commission.
Notable alumni.
Dick Ackerman is former California Senate Republican leader. He left office in mid-2008 after reaching his term limit.
Charles Calderon is the Majority Leader of the California State Assembly.
John F. Foran is a former California state senator and assemblymember. A segment of the California I-280freeway is named after John F. Foran for his service to the California Transportation Commission.
Karen J. Hedlund was appointed Deputy Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) in November 2011, having previously served as Chief Counsel at FRA. She also served as Federal Highway Administration Chief Counsel where she helped implement the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.
John T. Knox is a former California state assemblymember and speaker pro tempore. He authored the Knox-Keene Health Care Service Plan Act of 1975. A segment of the California I-580 is named the John T. Knox Freeway.
Richard Riordan is the former mayor of Los Angeles. He also co-founded The Riordan Programs at UCLA Anderson School of Management.
James Symington is a former member of the U.S. House of Representatives. In March 2008 he received Russia's Order of Friendship, the highest award available to a non-citizen. 
Ann Veneman is the former executive director of UNICEF and former U.S. Secretary of Agriculture.
Laughlin E. Waters is a former California state assemblymember, served as U.S. attorney for the Central District and served as a U.S. district court judge.

</doc>
<doc id="19165998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19165998" title="HD 30453">
HD 30453

HD 30453 (HR 1528) is spectroscopic binary.

</doc>
<doc id="19166020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166020" title="The Moonraker">
The Moonraker

The Moonraker is a British swashbuckler film released in 1958 and set in the English Civil War. It was directed by David MacDonald and starred George Baker, Sylvia Sims, Marius Goring, Gary Raymond, Peter Arne, John Le Mesurier and Patrick Troughton.
The film depicts a fictionalised account of the escape of Charles II, arranged by a foppish royalist nobleman, the Earl of Dawlish, who leads a double life as a roundhead-baiting highwayman called "The Moonraker", who already has helped more than thirty royalists to escape to France.
Synopsis.
After the Battle of Worcester at the end of the Second English Civil War, the main aim of General Oliver Cromwell (John Le Mesurier) is to capture Charles Stuart (Gary Raymond), son of the executed Charles I. However, the dashing Royalist hero nicknamed "the Moonraker" (George Baker) prepares to smuggle him to safety in France, under the noses of Cromwell's soldiers. According to the story, the hero is called "the Moonraker" after the smuggler term, Moonrakers, sometimes claimed to hide contraband in the village pond and to rake it out by moonlight.

</doc>
<doc id="19166027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166027" title="Stay Up! (Viagra)">
Stay Up! (Viagra)

"Stay Up! (Viagra)" is the first single released from producer-rapper 88-Keys' debut album "The Death of Adam" and features the album's co-executive producer Kanye West. The song samples "All Night Loving" by British R&B three-piece band Imagination. The single was released digitally on August 25, 2008. According to both artists, the song, which follows the overall storyline of the concept album, is about a man named Adam, who after a bad string of relationships, decides to take Viagra (Sildenafil Citrate) in an attempt "stay up" longer. A snippet of the track was first previewed on Kanye West's 2007 "Can't Tell Me Nothing" mixtape and featured an additional spoken word verse delivered by Malik Yusef.
Music video.
The music video premiered across multiple MTV channels all day on Monday, March 16, 2009.
Shot in High Definition on the streets of Los Angeles, the video features 88-Keys (Clifford) and Kanye West (Rufus) dressed in full prosthetic makeup made to appear in their late sixties, out on a night on the town. Utilizing the talents of makeup artist Tony Gardner of Alterian Effects ("Michael Jackson's Thriller", "Hairspray", "Shallow Hal", "Seed of Chucky", Daft Punk) the video creates an intimate and comedic look at the two real life friends.
According to director Jason Goldwatch,

</doc>
<doc id="19166030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166030" title="Peel Park">
Peel Park

Peel Park can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19166035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166035" title="Valkyr Range">
Valkyr Range

The Valkyr Range is a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, located on the east side of Lower Arrow Lake west of Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="19166056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166056" title="Albert Nofi">
Albert Nofi

Albert A. Nofi (born January 6, 1944), is an American military historian, defense analyst, and designer of board and computer wargaming systems.
Early life.
A native of Brooklyn, he attended New York City public schools, graduating from the Boys' High School (now Boys and Girls High School) [http://www.flickr.com/h/?q=boys%20high&w=61123283%40N00] in 1961. Nofi attended Fordham University, earning a bachelor's (1965) and a master's (1967), and then received a Ph.D. in Military History from the City University of New York (1991).
Career.
From 1965 through 1995, Nofi was a teacher and later administrator in the New York City public schools. Working primariliy in alternative programs, such as the Harlem Preparatory School, Park East High School, and Unity High School at the Door, he retired as an assistant principal in 1995.
During this period he also built a parallel career as an independent historian, defense analyst, and wargame designer, working primarily with James F. Dunnigan, Redmond A. Simonsen, and David C. Isby at Simulations Publications (SPI). As research director for SPI and associate editor of the military historical simulations journal Strategy and Tactics for over a decade (1969–1982), he produced numerous articles and a number of wargames. Nofi also designed the strategic-level Roman Empire wargame "Imperium Romanum" (1979) for West End Games.
In addition to work for SPI, Nofi has authored, co-authored, or edited over 30 books on a wide variety of topics. Among his collaborators are Dunnigan, Bela Kiraly, Richard L. DiNardo, Kathleen Broome Williams, and others.
In 1999 Nofi became a research analyst with the Center for Naval Analyses (CNA), in Alexandria, Virginia, where he worked with game theorist Peter P. Perla. Nofi was the CNA field representative to the Chief of Naval Operations Strategic Studies Group, in Newport, Rhode Island, from 2001 until mid-2005, before returning to CNA. While at CNA he wrote "Recent Trends in Thinking About Warfare" and several other analytical papers. He retired from CNA at the end of 2006.
Nofi has lectured at the University of Paris-Sorbonne, the Smithsonian Institution, the Library and Archives Canada, the Admiral Nimitz State Historic Site, home of the National Museum of the Pacific War, the Air War College, the Command and Staff College of the Marine Corps University, a number of other colleges and universities, and numerous Civil War Round Tables and local historical societies.
For many years an Associate Fellow of the U.S. Civil War Center, a Director of the New York Military Affairs Symposium since its formation, a member of the Society for Military History and a number of other military and historical societies, Nofi is also a founding member of the American Italian Historical Association 
From 1997 to 2013, Nofi contributed a regular column to "North & South" magazine. In 1998, he became a contributing editor to "StrategyPage", for which he writes a regular column.
In 2011 Nofi's book "To Train the Fleet for War: The U.S. Navy's Fleet Problems, 1923-1940" (see review) was awarded the John Lyman Book Award in Navy History by the North American Society for Oceanic History and given "Honorable Mention" by The New York Chapter of the Navy League of the United States for its Theodore and Franklin D. Roosevelt Prize in Naval History.
Select bibliography.
In Collaboration with Jim Dunnigan:
Other collaborations 

</doc>
<doc id="19166059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166059" title="Tom Mursell">
Tom Mursell

Tom Mursell is a young entrepreneur, media spokesperson and speaker in the area of careers advice and jobs. He was a participant in the Channel 4 documentary Yeardot which followed 15 young people over the period of 12 months.
Projects.
Tom founded the school leaver website notgoingtouni.co.uk which is "dedicated to helping young people make informed decisions about their future by showing the opportunities that exist outside of university." The website has won awards including 'Best Young Persons Website' and the website has won Tom a place as one of the 'Future 100 Young Entrepreneurs'.
Media.
Mursell is frequently featured on TV, radio and print, commenting on topics such as youth unemployment, career advice and education. Tom was featured as a participant in the Channel 4 Yeardot television and web project by SO Television (founded by Graham Norton) which followed Mursell and fourteen other participants over the course of 12 months, logging their achievements and milestones.
Tom is often used to comment in the media, recent credits include a jobs panel for BBC Radio 1 alongside Online Dragons' Den 'dragon' Shaf Rasul, BBC Breakfast news, "The Sun" and "The Times".

</doc>
<doc id="19166094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166094" title="Old Southwest, Roanoke, Virginia">
Old Southwest, Roanoke, Virginia

Old Southwest is a neighborhood of the independent city of Roanoke, Virginia, U.S.A.. Located geographically near the center of the city, Old Southwest was annexed from Roanoke County in 1890 and developed as one of Roanoke's more affluent residential areas. Today the majority of the neighborhood falls within the Southwest Historic District listed on both the Virginia Landmarks Register and the National Register of Historic Places.
Location.
Geographically, Old Southwest is defined by the city as the area bound by Jefferson Street (Virginia State Route 116) on the east, 10th Street to the west, the Norfolk and Western railroad tracks to the south and both Day and Marshall Avenue to the north. It borders the neighborhoods of the Mountain View on the west, Wasena on the south and west, South Jefferson on the south and east, Downtown on the north and east and West End on the north.
History.
Annexed from Roanoke County in 1890, the area now defined as Old Southwest was developed primarily between the years 1882 and 1930, to the southwest of Downtown Roanoke. The neighborhood is predominantly residential with commercial generally concentrated along and east of Franklin Road. The neighborhood features a variety of architectural styles including but not limited to Queen Anne, Colonial Revival, Neoclassical, Bungalow, American Foursquare, Arts and Crafts and Shingle, in addition to Roanoke's first public park, Highland Park, opened in 1901.
Old Southwest would grow to become one of Roanoke's premier residential areas from its initial establishment through the years following World War Two when it would see the beginnings of a decline. By the 1970s, the neighborhood would begin to see a turnaround and the subsequent establishment of the Southwest Historic District in 1985. the neighborhood boasts a number of carefully preserved historic buildings, including the Beth Israel Synagogue (Roanoke, Virginia). More recent improvements to the neighborhood include the completion of Roanoke's first off-leash fenced dog park, which opened in May 2009 and is located in Highland Park., the Cotton Mill downtown housing project and the Fork in the City restaurant.
The neighborhood and its non-profit civic organization, Old Southwest, Inc has been recognized several times, including several national awards, including the Grand Prize 2010 National Neighborhood of the Year award and First Place in the Social Revitalization category from Neighborhoods USA. It was previously recognized in 2008 with a second place award in the Social Revitalization category from Neighborhoods USA

</doc>
<doc id="19166139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166139" title="Mount Stanley (disambiguation)">
Mount Stanley (disambiguation)

Mount Stanley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19166156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166156" title="Samosdelka">
Samosdelka

Samosdelka () is a village in southern Russia (about 40 km south-south-west of the city of Astrakhan) near which archaeologists reported in September 2008 that they had found the remains of Atil, the capital of the medieval Khazar kingdom.
The team of archaeologists, led by Dmitry Vasilyev of Astrakhan State University, had been excavating for nine years. According to Vasilyev, they found the remains of an ancient brick fortress in the newly found 9th and 10th century layers, which contained characterisric Khazar yurts. The investigated area covered more than 2 square kilometers. "This is a hugely important discovery ... We can now shed light on one of the most intriguing mysteries of that period – how the Khazars actually lived. We know very little about the Khazars – about their traditions, their funerary rites, their culture."
The layout of the city conforms to the written sources. As reported by Norman Finkelshteyn, it was "a city bisected by riverbeds with a central island citadel of fired brick". The central portion of Samosdelka was located on an island between dried-up river beds. Old documents said that Atil's castle was located on an island in the center of the city.
The fortress at Samosdelka had a triangular shape was made from limestone bricks. It is known from written sources that the Khazar khagan had a monopoly on brick buildings. Traces of a widespread fire were found at Samosdelka in an Atil layer. The fire was probably set during the conquest of Atil by Kievan Rus' prince Sviatoslav I in 968 or 969 CE.
Layers of 11th-12th centuries have Oghuz artifacts and are associated with Saqsin.

</doc>
<doc id="19166189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166189" title="Diamond Island (Tasmania)">
Diamond Island (Tasmania)

Diamond Island is a low granite island, with an area of 6.76 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Schouten Island Group, lying close to the eastern coast of Tasmania near the Freycinet Peninsula, just off the town of Bicheno. It is sometimes connected to the mainland by a sand spit. It is a nature reserve.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Little Penguin and Sooty Oystercatcher.

</doc>
<doc id="19166190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166190" title="Adhemar da Silva">
Adhemar da Silva

Adhemar Ferreira da Silva (September 29, 1927 – January 12, 2001) was a Brazilian athlete who competed in the triple jump. He won two Olympic gold medals and set four world records in athletics, the last being 16.56 metres in 1955 Pan American Games.
Biography.
He was born in São Paulo, in a poor family, and began competing in the triple jump in 1947. Under the coaching of German Dietrich Gerner, he soon showed his talent, breaking the national record and qualifying for the Brazilian team to 1948 Olympics, where he placed only 8th. However, at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki and the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, he became a two-time Olympic champion and world record holder and the only Brazilian athlete to have won gold in two consecutive Olympics until the 2012 Summer Olympics held in London. There, the Brazilian women's volleyball squad defended their title, obtained four years earlier in Beijing, making six of their members consecutive Olympic champions (Jaqueline Carvalho, Sheilla Castro, Fabiana Claudino, Thaísa Menezes, Fabiana Oliveira and Paula Pequeno).
He was a member of the São Paulo Futebol Clube, and because of him, the team coat has two gold stars above the emblem. He also competed for Club de Regatas Vasco da Gama from 1955 to 1959.
In 1959, da Silva acted in the film "Orfeu Negro", by French director Marcel Camus, which won the Golden Palm of the Cannes Film Festival and an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
IN 2012 he was include in the IAAF Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19166199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166199" title="Johan Rabaeus">
Johan Rabaeus

Johan Rabaeus (born "Carl Magnus Olof Johan Rabéus" July 31, 1947) is a Swedish actor who was born in Stockholm but grew up in Paris and Geneva. He is currently in a relationship with fashion designer Camilla Thulin.
He is known for portraying very unpleasant characters, such as Erik Pont's sadistic stepfather in the film "Evil".

</doc>
<doc id="19166218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166218" title="Ladies' Mile Historic District">
Ladies' Mile Historic District

The Ladies' Mile Historic District was designated in May 1989, by the New York City Landmark Preservation Commission to preserve an irregular district of 440 buildings on 28 blocks and parts of blocks in Manhattan, from roughly 18th Street to 24th Street and from Park Avenue South to west of the Avenue of the Americas (Sixth Avenue). Community groups such as the Drive to Protect the Ladies' Mile District and the Historic Districts Council campaigned heavily for the status. 
Between the Civil War and World War I, the district was the location of some of New York's most famous department stores, including Lord & Taylor, B. Altman, W. & J. Sloane, Arnold Constable, Best & Co., and Bergdorf Goodman. Also included is Daniel H. Burnham's Flatiron Building, at Fifth Avenue and 23rd Street; most of the Ladies' Mile Historic District lies within the Manhattan neighborhood named after that building, the Flatiron District.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19166220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166220" title="HD 35520">
HD 35520

HD 35520 is a star in association in the Auriga constellation.

</doc>
<doc id="19166232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166232" title="Tom Monaghan's Leaning Tower of Pizza">
Tom Monaghan's Leaning Tower of Pizza

The Leaning Tower of Pizza was a proposed 30-story slanted skyscraper that would have housed Domino's Pizza's operations at its Domino's Farms campus near Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Design.
In the mid-1980s, Domino’s Pizza mogul Tom Monaghan asked Taliesin Associated Architects, the inheritors of Frank Lloyd Wright's practice, to erect a structure based on an un-built tower that Wright designed in 1956 for Chicago called the Golden Beacon. Sometime during the planning of the tower Monaghan and the Taliesin architects parted company, allegedly because both parties felt the project may have not served justice to the spirit of Wright’s architecture. 
Mr. Monaghan then went to Gunnar Birkerts, the architect of Domino’s unusual half-mile (800 m) long headquarters office building who came up with a design for a tower that would rise at a 15-degree angle with a swooping top reminiscent of the forms of Wright's late work. Birkerts’ design, no doubt, had serious intent, but would immediately and forever be dubbed with the nickname “The Leaning Tower of Pizza" after Italy's Leaning Tower of Pisa.
The structure was never built but a tall scale model stands at the proposed site on Domino Pizza headquarters in Ann Arbor Charter Township, Michigan outside of Ann Arbor.

</doc>
<doc id="19166258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166258" title="Julia Keller">
Julia Keller

Julia Keller is an American writer. She won a Pulitzer Prize for journalism in 2005. She was cultural critic for the "Chicago Tribune" when her first novel was published in 2012.
Her novels include "Bitter River" (2013), the second in a mystery series featuring prosecutor Belfa "Bell" Elkins, a crusader against the illegal prescription drug trade thriving in rural America. The series is set in the fictional town of Acker's Gap, West Virginia, a "shabby afterthought" of a town, according to "A Killing in the Hills" (2012), first in the series.
Keller won the annual Pulitzer Prize for Feature Writing for her three-part narrative account of the deadly Utica, Illinois tornado outbreak, published by the "Chicago Tribune" in April 2004. The jury called it a "gripping, meticulously reconstructed account of a deadly 10-second tornado". The "Tribune" has won many Pulitzers but Keller's prize was its first and remains its only win for feature writing.
Keller was born and raised in West Virginia. She graduated from Marshall University in Huntington, West Virginia, and earned a doctoral degree in English Literature from Ohio State University. Her master's thesis was an analysis of the Henry Roth novel, "Call It Sleep". Her doctoral dissertation explored multiple biographies of Virginia Woolf ("A poetics of literary biography: The creation of "Virginia Woolf"", Ohio State, 1996). She has taught at Princeton University, the University of Notre Dame, and the University of Chicago.
Keller was a Nieman Fellow at Harvard University 1998–1999. She has served four times as a juror for the Pulitzer Prizes. Her reviews and commentary air on National Public Radio and on "The Newshour" (PBS).

</doc>
<doc id="19166259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166259" title="Massachusetts Sensible Marijuana Policy Initiative">
Massachusetts Sensible Marijuana Policy Initiative

The Sensible Marijuana Policy Initiative, also known as Massachusetts Ballot Question 2, was an initiated state statute that replaced prior criminal penalties with new civil penalties on adults possessing an ounce or less of marijuana. The initiative appeared on the November 4, 2008, ballot in Massachusetts.
The measure was passed on Nov 4. and became public law on January 2, 2009
Question 2:
The law represents a break with prior law in Massachusetts, where people charged with marijuana possession faced criminal penalties of up to six months in jail and a US$500 fine, as well as a CORI report being filed.
On Tuesday, September 10, 2008, a city councillor in Worcester called for a vote on a measure to express the opposition by the city of Worcester to the
initiative. The city council rejected and voted down the measure by a 10-1 vote, with the only vote for the measure coming from the councillor that requested the vote.
Supporters.
The Committee for Sensible Marijuana Policy is the leading proponent of the initiative. Whitney Taylor serves as the committee's treasurer and chairwoman.
Polls.
A Suffolk University / WHDH Channel 7 poll has shown that 72 percent of Greater Boston residents are in favor of replacing criminal penalties with civil fines for carrying an ounce or less of marijuana. "The public may be signaling that pursuing small-time marijuana users is a waste of taxpayer resources," said David Paleologos, director of the Political Research Bureau at Suffolk University. "This issue suggests there is a libertarian streak in the thinking of the Massachusetts voter." The poll was conducted with 400 residents between July 31 and August 3, 2008.
A FastTrack poll by WBZ TV /Survey USA on September 17 showed that 69% of all Massachusetts voters would favor either decriminalization or legalization. It was broken down to 30% want it remain a crime, 31% want it changed to a civil fine and 38% would like it to be legalized completely. The poll had a margin of error of 4.5%.
Arguments in favor.
Supporting arguments advanced by the proponents include'":
History.
The National Commission on Marijuana and Drug Abuse (also known as the Shafer Commission) was created by Public Law 91-513 in 1972 to study marijuana abuse in the United States. It published its findings in a report called Marihuana: A Signal of Misunderstanding and recommended that the president should decriminalize possession of marijuana in amounts that constituted "simple possession".
So far 30 non-binding public policy questions calling for civil fines for possession of marijuana rather than criminal penalties have passed in legislative districts throughout Massachusetts since 2000. These questions were passed with an average of 62% of the vote in favor. No Public policy question related to replacing criminal penalties with civil fines has ever failed in the state of Massachusetts.
The Joint Mental Health and Substance Abuse Committee of the Massachusetts General Court voted 6-1 in favor of a bill that would have made possession of less than an ounce of marijuana punishable by a civil fine.
Funding.
Billionaire George Soros made an initial contribution of $400,000. The committee has also received $750,000 cash as well as about $320,000 in donated time and services from the Marijuana Policy Project, an organization created to reform marijuana laws in the United States. According to campaign finance reports, as of November 1, 2008, the committee has raised approximately $1,250,000 to help pass the measure with $40,060.90 remaining.
Opposition.
The Coalition for Safe Streets, a committee organized to oppose Question 2, launched a statewide campaign Sept. 5 to defeat the measure. Jonathan W. Blodgett, the Essex County District Attorney serves as the Coalition's treasurer and chairman.
Michael O'Keefe, the president of the Massachusetts District Attorneys Association, is opposed to the initiative. He believes that the measure will lead to an increase in minors using the drug by sending the wrong message to them.
The O'Keefe Committee is one of ten committees representing district attorneys in Massachusetts that have contributed to the Coalition.
William Breault, chairman of the Main South Alliance for Public Safety in Worcester, also plans to oppose this initiative.
Funding.
According to Campaign Finance reports, as of November 1, 2008, the ten committees representing district attorneys in Massachusetts have contributed approximately $2,275 each to the Coalition along with a donation of $2,500 from the Worcester County Deputy Sheriffs Association as well as a few other donors for a total of approx $60,000, after expenditures they have $0 to fight the initiative and $2,601.92 in outstanding liabilities.
Controversies.
On September 17, 2008, the Committee for Sensible Marijuana Policy filed complaints with the Office of Campaign and Political Finance and the Attorney General's office against the Massachusetts District Attorney Association, the 11 state district attorneys and O'Neill and Associates, a Boston public relations firm. Violations of the campaign finance law could result in up to 1 year in jail and a $1,000 fine.
Also, Middlesex District Attorney Gerry Leone has stated that in the event the majority of voters in the State of Massachusetts were to pass the initiative, he will attempt to override the vote and defeat it in an appellate process.
Petition drive to qualify.
The support group collected over 105,000 signatures, far exceeding the requirement of 66,593 valid signatures. Since Massachusetts is an indirect initiative state, this meant that the Massachusetts State Legislature had to take up the proposed measure. Since the legislature declined to act on it by early May, the supporter then had until June 18, 2008, to collect another 11,099 signatures to ensure that the initiative is placed on the November 2008 statewide ballot, a goal at which they succeeded.
Enactment.
As per Massachusetts law, the initiative became public law on January 2, 2009, 30 days from the date it was presented to the Governor's Council and certified.

</doc>
<doc id="19166262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166262" title="1905–06 Real Madrid C.F. season">
1905–06 Real Madrid C.F. season

The 1905–06 season was the 4th season for Madrid FC. The club played some friendly matches against local clubs. They also played in Copa del Rey.

</doc>
<doc id="19166266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166266" title="Southern Hills, Roanoke, Virginia">
Southern Hills, Roanoke, Virginia

Southern Hills is a neighborhood of the independent city of Roanoke, Virginia, U.S.A.. Located geographically as the city's southernmost neighborhood, Southern Hills was annexed from Roanoke County in 1976 and has seen significant residential and commercial development since the 1990s. It borders the neighborhoods of the Franklin-Colonial and South Roanoke on the north, Garden City on the east and Roanoke County on the south and west. Its western boundary runs concurrent with U.S. 220.

</doc>
<doc id="19166314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166314" title="Thames (disambiguation)">
Thames (disambiguation)

Thames usually refers to the River Thames in England.
Thames may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19166329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166329" title="Governor Island">
Governor Island

Governor Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19166344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166344" title="Howick College">
Howick College

Howick College is a state co-educational secondary school located in the eastern Auckland, New Zealand suburb of Cockle Bay. Serving Years 9 to 13, the school has a roll of students as of 
History.
Howick College was established in 1974 to serve the Howick area of eastern Auckland. Like many New Zealand state secondary schools of the 1970s, the school was built to the S68 design, characterised by single-storey classroom blocks with reinforced masonry walls, low-pitched roofs, internal open courtyards and protruding clerestory windows.
The school abolished corporal punishment of students before it even opened, becoming one of the first schools in New Zealand to do so. Corporal punishment was abolished nationwide sixteen years later, in July 1990.
Enrolment.
At the August 2012 Education Review Office (ERO) review of the school, Howick College had 1806 students enrolled, including 48 international students. The school roll's gender composition was evenly split: 50% male and 50% female; and its ethnic composition was 47% New Zealand European (Pākehā), 14% Other European, 12% Māori, 9% Asian, 7% Pacific Islanders, 5% Indian, and 6% Other.
House system.
Howick College has six school houses:
Cultural references.
In the "bro'Town" première episode "The Weakest Link" (2004), one of the schools competing in the high school quiz challenge is named "Howick Beijing College", a reference to the Howick area's large Chinese migrant population. It should be noted that Howick College itself doesn't have a large Asian student roll: 14% (including Indian) compared to 33.7% for the Howick local board area.

</doc>
<doc id="19166409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166409" title="Leg">
Leg

A leg is a weight bearing and locomotive structure, usually having a columnar shape. During locomotion, legs function as "extensible struts". The combination of movements at all joints can be modeled as a single, linear element capable of changing length and rotating about an omnidirectional "hip" joint.
As an anatomical animal structure it is used for locomotion. The distal end is often modified to distribute force (such as a foot). Most animals have an even number of legs.
As a component of furniture it is used for the economy of materials needed to provide the support for the useful surface, the table top or chair seat.
Terminology.
Many taxa are characterized by the number of legs:
Components.
A leg is a structure of gross anatomy, meaning that it is large enough to be seen unaided. The components depend on the animal. In humans and other mammals, a leg includes the bones, muscles, tendons, ligaments, blood vessels, nerves, and skin. In insects, the leg includes most of these things, except that insects have an exoskeleton that replaces the function of both the bones and the skin.
Sometimes the end of the leg, or foot, is considered part of the leg; other times it is considered separate. Similarly, the hip joint or other place where the leg attaches to the main body may be considered separate or part of the leg.
Tetrapod legs.
In tetrapod anatomy, "leg" is used to refer to the entire limb. In human medicine the precise definition refers only to the segment between the knee and the ankle. This lower segment is also called the "shank", and the front (anterior) of the segment is called the "shin" or "pretibia".
In bipedal tetrapods, the two lower limbs are referred to as the "legs" and the two upper limbs as "arms" or "wings" as the case may be.
Robotic leg.
A robotic leg is moved by an actuator, which is a type of motor for moving or controlling a mechanism or system. It is operated by a source of energy, usually in the form of an electric current, hydraulic fluid pressure or pneumatic pressure, and converts that energy into some kind of motion.

</doc>
<doc id="19166414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166414" title="Washington Heights, Roanoke, Virginia">
Washington Heights, Roanoke, Virginia

Washington Heights is a Roanoke, Virginia neighborhood located in northwest Roanoke, bound to the west by Virginia State Route 117. It borders the neighborhoods of Peachtree/Norwood on the west, South Washington Heights on the south, Villa Heights on the east and Westview Terrace on the north. The neighborhood sees both a mix of residential development throughout its area spanning a more traditional grid street network in addition to more typical suburban ranch style construction.

</doc>
<doc id="19166421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166421" title="FitzPatrick 1932">
FitzPatrick 1932

FitzPatrick 1932 is an early paper in the field of bankruptcy prediction. In a series of three articles in the monthly "The Certified Public Accountant" in 1932, Paul J. FitzPatrick presented data for 20 matched pairs of firms and discussed accounting ratios as indicators of bankruptcy. It is historically significant as an early attempt in this field, and it is notable also for its publishing a data set, now in the public domain. Beaver (1968), an important paper in accounting research which employs statistical analysis to a similar matched sample, cites the paper.
The dataset includes 13 accounting ratios calculated for 40 firms for each of three years. However some fields are missing for some firm-year observations.
References.
FitzPatrick, Paul J., Ph.D. 1932. "A Comparison of the Ratios of Successful Industrial Enterprises With Those of Failed Companies". "The Certified Public Accountant"
Beaver 1968. "Journal of Accounting Research". (In three issues: October, 1932, p. 598-605; November, 1932, p. 656-662; December, 1932, p. 727-731.

</doc>
<doc id="19166431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166431" title="Bell Tower of Xi'an">
Bell Tower of Xi'an

The Bell Tower of Xi'an (Chinese: 西安钟楼), built in 1384 during the early Ming Dynasty, is a symbol of the city of Xi'an and one of the grandest of its kind in China. The Bell Tower also contains several large bronze-cast bells from the Tang Dynasty. The tower base is square and it covers an area of 1,377 square meters. The tower is a brick and timber structure and close to 40 meters high.
There are several legends regarding the Bell Tower, one of them tells:
According to another legend:

</doc>
<doc id="19166434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166434" title="Governor Island (Tasmania)">
Governor Island (Tasmania)

Governor Island comprises two small granite islands, with a combined area of about 2 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Schouten Island Group, lying close to the eastern coast of Tasmania near the Freycinet Peninsula and the town of Bicheno. It is a nature reserve.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Little Penguin, Silver Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Crested Tern.

</doc>
<doc id="19166461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166461" title="List of bus operators of the United Kingdom">
List of bus operators of the United Kingdom

This is a of bus and coach operators of the United Kingdom. The list includes both current and historic entities, private companies and public operators, sub-brands and holding companies and public transport, private hire and tour operators.
Entries in "italics" are .

</doc>
<doc id="19166466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166466" title="Samuel Blatchford (university president)">
Samuel Blatchford (university president)

Samuel Blatchford (1767 - 1828) was the first president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
He was born in Devonport, Devon, England in 1767. He was educated at the Dissenting College of Theology at Homerton, now called Homerton College, Cambridge. He married Alicia Windeatt on March 25, 1788. On November 4, 1789, he was ordained and became pastor of the Presbyterian Church in Kingsbridge, Devon. In 1791, he became pastor of the church in Topsham, Devon. In 1795, he became pastor of a church in Bedford, Westchester County, New York State, and later pastor of a church in Bridgeport, Connecticut. In 1804, he became pastor of the Presbyterian churches in Lansingburgh and Waterford (which later merged). He was also asked to be principal of Lansingburgh Academy. In 1905, he was appointed a trustee of Union College and later a member of the Board of Examiners. In 1824, Stephen van Rensselaer appointed him trustee and the first president of the Rensselaer School, which grew to become Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He was given an honorary master's degree by Yale College in 1798 and the degree of Doctor of Divinity by Williams College in 1808.
He died in Lansingburgh on March 27, 1828. Eliphalet Nott, the president of Union College and later the third president of Rensselaer, delivered the sermon at the funeral services. His grandson Samuel Blatchford was an attorney, judge and Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19166474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166474" title="Hand">
Hand

A hand (med./lat.: manus, pl. manūs) is a prehensile, multi-fingered extremity located at the end of an arm or forelimb of primates such as humans, chimpanzees, monkeys, and lemurs. A few other vertebrates such as the koala (which has two opposable thumbs on each "hand" and fingerprints remarkably similar to human fingerprints) are often described as having either "hands" or "paws" on their front limbs.
Fingers are some of the densest areas of nerve endings on the body, are the richest source of tactile feedback, and have the greatest positioning capability of the body; thus the sense of touch is intimately associated with hands. Like other paired organs (eyes, feet, legs), each hand is dominantly controlled by the opposing brain hemisphere, so that handedness, or the preferred hand choice for single-handed activities such as writing with a pencil, reflects individual brain functioning.
Some evolutionary anatomists use the term hand to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb more generally — for example, in the context of whether the three digits of the bird hand involved the same homologous loss of two digits as in the dinosaur hand.
The human hand has 27 bones, not including the sesamoid bone, the number of which varies between people. 14 of which are the phalanges (proximal, intermediate and distal) of the fingers. The metacarpals are the bones that connects the fingers and the wrist. Each human hand has 5 metacarpals and 8 carpal bones.
Structure.
Many mammals and other animals have grasping appendages similar in form to a hand such as paws, claws, and talons, but these are not scientifically considered to be grasping hands. The scientific use of the term "hand" in this sense to distinguish the terminations of the front paws from the hind ones is an example of anthropomorphism. The only true grasping hands appear in the mammalian order of primates. Hands must also have opposable thumbs, as described later in the text.
Humans have two hands located at the distal end of each arm. Apes and monkeys are sometimes described as having four hands, because the toes are long and the hallux is opposable and looks more like a thumb, thus enabling the feet to be used as hands.
The word "hand" is sometimes used by evolutionary anatomists to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb such as when researching the homology between the three digits of the bird hand and the dinosaur hand.
"Hand" is also used when measuring the height of a horse. A hand is four inches. A horse is any height over 14.2 hands, and pony refers to a height below 14.2 hands.
Areas.
Areas of the human hand include:
There are five digits attached to the hand. The four fingers can be folded over the palm which allows the grasping of objects. Each finger, starting with the one closest to the thumb, has a colloquial name to distinguish it from the others:
The thumb (connected to the trapezium) is located on one of the sides, parallel to the arm. A reliable way of identifying and hands is from the presence of opposable thumbs. Opposable thumbs are identified by the ability to be brought opposite to the fingers, a muscle action known as opposition.
Bones.
The skeleton of the human hand consists of 27 bones: the eight short bones of the wrist or carpus organized into a proximal row (scaphoid, lunate, triquetral and pisiform), which articulates with the skeleton of the forearm, and a distal row (trapezium, trapezoid, capitate and hamate), which articulates with the bases of the metacarpal bones (i.e. the bones of the palm or "hand proper"). The heads of these Metacarpal bones will each in turn articulate with the bases of the proximal phalanx of the phalanges. These articulations result in the formation of the metacarpophalangeal joints, which are colloquially referred to as the knuckles of a clenched fist. The phalanges are numbered I-V (lateral to medial), with phalange I (the pollex) being most lateral and the little finger being most medial when the hand is viewed from an anatomical position (palm facing outwards). Phalanges II-V each consist of three phalanx bones: proximal, middle, and distal. Phalange I only consists of a proximal and distal phalanx. Together with the fourteen phalanx bones of the fingers these metacarpal bones form five rays or poly-articulated chains.
Because supination and pronation (rotation about the axis of the forearm) are added to the two axes of movements of the wrist, the ulna and radius are sometimes considered part of the skeleton of the hand.
There are numerous sesamoid bones in the hand, small ossified nodes embedded in tendons; the exact number varies between different people: whereas a pair of sesamoid bones are found at virtually all thumb metacarpophalangeal joints, sesamoid bones are also common at the interphalangeal joint of the thumb (72.9%) and at the metacarpophalangeal joints of the little finger (82.5%) and the index finger (48%). In rare cases, sesamoid bones have been found in all the metacarpophalangeal joints and all distal interphalangeal joints except that of the long finger.
The articulations are:
Arches.
The fixed and mobile parts of the hand adapt to various everyday tasks by forming bony arches: longitudinal arches (the rays formed by the finger bones and their associated metacarpal bones), transverse arches (formed by the carpal bones and distal ends of the metacarpal bones), and oblique arches (between the thumb and four fingers):
Of the longitudinal arches or rays of the hand, that of the thumb is the most mobile (and the least longitudinal). While the ray formed by the little finger and its associated metacarpal bone still offers some mobility, the remaining rays are firmly rigid. The phalangeal joints of the index finger, however, offer some independence to its finger, due to the arrangement of its flexor and extension tendons.
The carpal bones form two transversal rows, each forming an arch concave on the palmar side. Because the proximal arch simultaneously has to adapt to the articular surface of the radius and to the distal carpal row, it is by necessity flexible. In contrast, the capitate, the "keystone" of the distal arch, moves together with the metacarpal bones and the distal arch is therefore rigid. The stability of these arches is more dependent of the ligaments and capsules of the wrist than of the interlocking shapes of the carpal bones, and the wrist is therefore more stable in flexion than in extension. The distal carpal arch affects the function of the CMC joints and the hands, but not the function of the wrist or the proximal carpal arch. The ligaments that maintain the distal carpal arches are the transverse carpal ligament (part of the flexor retinaculum) and the intercarpal ligaments (also oriented transversally). These ligaments also form the carpal tunnel and contribute to the palmar arches. Several muscle tendons attaching to the TCL and the distal carpals also contribute to maintaining the carpal arch.
Compared to the carpal arches, the arch formed by the distal ends of the metacarpal bones is flexible due to the mobility of the peripheral metacarpals (thumb and little finger). As these two metacarpal approach each other, the palmar gutter deepens. The central-most metacarpal (index finger) is the most rigid, and it and its two neighbours are untied to the carpus by the interlocking shapes of the metacarpal bones. The thumb metacarpal only articulates with the trapezium and is therefore completely independent, while the fifth metacarpal (little finger) is semi-independent with the fourth metacarpal (ring finger) forms a transitional element to the fifth metacarpal.
Together with the thumb, the four ulnar fingers form four oblique arches, of which the arch of the index finger functionally is the most important, especially for precision grip, while the arch of the little finger contribute an important locking mechanism for power grip. The thumb is undoubtedly the "master digit" of the hand, giving value to all the other fingers. Together with the index and middle finger, it forms the dynamic tridactyl configuration responsible for most grips not requiring force. The ring and little fingers are more static, a reserve ready to interact with the palm when great force is needed.
Muscles.
The muscles acting on the hand can be subdivided into two groups: the extrinsic and intrinsic muscle groups. The extrinsic muscle groups are the long flexors and extensors. They are called extrinsic because the muscle belly is located on the forearm.
Intrinsic.
The intrinsic muscle groups are the thenar (thumb) and hypothenar (little finger) muscles; the interossei muscles (four dorsally and three volarly) originating between the metacarpal bones; and the lumbrical muscles arising from the deep flexor (and are special because they have no bony origin) to insert on the dorsal extensor hood mechanism.
Extrinsic.
The fingers have two long flexors, located on the underside of the forearm. They insert by tendons to the phalanges of the fingers. The deep flexor attaches to the distal phalanx, and the superficial flexor attaches to the middle phalanx. The flexors allow for the actual bending of the fingers. The thumb has one long flexor and a short flexor in the thenar muscle group. The human thumb also has other muscles in the thenar group (opponens and abductor brevis muscle), moving the thumb in opposition, making grasping possible.
The extensors are located on the back of the forearm and are connected in a more complex way than the flexors to the dorsum of the fingers. The tendons unite with the interosseous and lumbrical muscles to form the extensorhood mechanism. The primary function of the extensors is to straighten out the digits. The thumb has two extensors in the forearm; the tendons of these form the anatomical snuff box. Also, the index finger and the little finger have an extra extensor, used, for instance, pointing. The extensors are situated within 6 separate compartments.
The first four compartments are located in the grooves present on the dorsum of inferior side of radius while the 5th compartment is in between radius and ulna. The 6th compartment is in the groove on the dorsum of inferior side of ulna.
Innervation.
The hand is innervated by the radial, median, and ulnar nerves.
The radial nerve innervates the finger extensors and the thumb abductor, thus the muscles that extends at the wrist and metacarpophalangeal joints (knuckles); and that abducts and extends the thumb.
The median nerve innervates the flexors of the wrist and digits, the abductors and opponens of the thumb, the first and second lumbrical.
The ulnar nerve innervates the remaining intrinsic muscles of the hand.
All muscles of the hand are innervated by the brachial plexus (C5–T1) and can be classified by innervation:
The radial nerve innervates the skin the back of the hand from the thumb to the ring finger and the dorsal aspects of the index, middle, and half ring fingers as far as the proximal interphalangeal joints.
The median nerve innervates the palmar side of the thumb, index, middle, and half ring fingers. Dorsal branches innervates the distal phalanges of the index, middle, and half ring fingers.
The ulnar nerve innervates the ulnar third of the hand, both at the palm and the back of the hand, and the little and half ring fingers.
There is a considerable variation to this general pattern, except for the little finger and volar surface of the index finger. For example, in some individuals, the ulnar nerve supplies the entire ring finger and the ulnar side of the middle finger, whilst, in others, the median nerve supplies the entire ring finger.
Skin.
The glabrous (hairless) skin on the front of the hand, the palm, is relatively thick and can be bent along the hand's flexure lines where the skin is tightly bound to the underlying tissue and bones. Compared to the rest of the body's skin, the hands' palms (as well as the soles of the feet) are usually lighter — and even much lighter in dark-skinned individuals, even compared to the other side of the hand. Indeed genes specifically expressed in the dermis of palmoplantar skin inhibit melanin production and thus the ability to tan, and promote the thickening of the stratum lucidum and stratum corneum layers of the epidermis. All parts of the skin involved in grasping are covered by papillary ridges ("fingerprints") acting as friction pads. In contrast, the hairy skin on the dorsal side is thin, soft, and pliable, so that the skin can recoil when the fingers are stretched. On the dorsal side, the skin can be moved across the hand up to ; an important input the cutaneous mechanoreceptors.
Variation.
The average length of an adult male hand is 189 mm, while the average length of an adult female hand is 172 mm. The average hand breadth for adult males and females is 84 and 74 mm respectively.
The ratio of the length of the index finger to the length of the ring finger in adults is affected by the level of exposure to male sex hormones of the embryo in utero. This digit ratio is below 1 for both sex but it is lower in males than in females on average.
Disorders and diseases.
Fractures of the hand include:
Evolution.
The prehensile hands and feet of primates evolved from the mobile hands of semi-arboreal tree shrews that lived about a . This development has been accompanied by important changes in the brain and the relocation of the eyes to the front of the face, together allowing the muscle control and stereoscopic vision necessary for controlled grasping. This grasping, also known as power grip, is supplemented by the precision grip between the thumb and the distal finger pads made possible by the opposable thumbs. "Hominidae" (great apes including humans) acquired an erect bipedal posture about , which freed the hands from the task of locomotion and paved the way for the precision and range of motion in human hands.
Functional analyses of the features unique to the hand of modern humans have shown that they are consistent with the stresses and requirements associated with the effective use of paleolithic stone tools. It is possible that the refinement of the bipedal posture in the earliest hominids evolved to facilitate the use of the trunk as leverage in accelerating the hand.
While the human hand has unique anatomical features, including a longer thumb and fingers that can be controlled individually to a higher degree, the hands of other primates are anatomically similar and the dexterity of the human hand can not be explained solely on anatomical factors. The neural machinery underlying hand movements is a major contributing factor; primates have evolved direct connections between neurons in cortical motor areas and spinal motoneurons, giving the cerebral cortex monosynaptic control over the motoneurons of the hand muscles; placing the hands "closer" to the brain.
The recent evolution of the human hand is thus a direct result of the development of the central nervous system, and the hand, therefore, is a direct tool of our consciousness — the main source of differentiated tactile sensations — and a precise working organ enabling gestures — the expressions of our personalities.
There are nevertheless several primitive features left in the human hand, including pentadactyly (having five fingers), the hairless skin of the palm and fingers, and the "os centrale" found in human embryos, prosimians, and apes. Furthermore, the precursors of the intrinsic muscles of the hand are present in the earliest fishes, reflecting that the hand evolved from the pectoral fin and thus is much older than the arm in evolutionary terms.
The proportions of the human hand are plesiomorphic (shared by both ancestors and extant primate species); the elongated thumbs and short hands more closely resemble the hand proportions of Miocene apes than those of extant primates.
Humans did not evolve from knuckle-walking apes, and chimpanzees and gorillas independently acquired elongated metacarpals as part of their adaptation to their modes of locomotion.
Several of primitive hand features most likely present in the chimpanzee-human last common ancestor (CHLCA) and absent in modern humans are still present in the hands of "Australopithecus", "Paranthropus", and "Homo floresiensis". This suggests that the derived changes in modern humans and Neanderthals did not evolve until or after the appearance of the earliest Acheulian stone tools, and that these changes are associated with tool-related tasks beyond those observed in other hominins.
The thumbs of "Ardipithecus ramidus", an early hominin, are almost as robust as in humans, so this may be a primitive trait, while the palms of other extant higher primates are elongated to the extent that some of the thumb's original function has been lost (most notably in highly arboreal primates such as the spider monkey). In humans, the big toe is thus more derived than the thumb.
There is a hypothesis suggesting the form of the modern human hand is especially conducive to the formation of a compact fist, presumably for fighting purposes. The fist is compact and thus effective as a weapon. It also provides protection for the fingers. Although this is not widely accepted to be one of the primary selective pressures acting on hand morphology throughout human evolution, with tool use and production being thought to be far more influential.

</doc>
<doc id="19166484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166484" title="Inuit culture">
Inuit culture

Inuit describes the various groups of indigenous peoples who live in the central and northeastern Canadian Arctic, as well as in Greenland. The term culture of the Inuit, therefore, refers primarily to these areas; however, parallels to other Eskimo groups can also be drawn. 
The traditional lifestyle of the Inuit is adapted to extreme climatic conditions; their essential skills for survival are hunting and trapping. Agriculture was never possible in the millions of square kilometers of tundra and icy coasts from Siberia to Northern America and Greenland. Therefore, hunting became the core of the culture and cultural history of the Inuit of central and east Arctic. Thus, the everyday life in modern Inuit settlements, established only some decades ago, still reflects the five-thousand year long history of a typical hunting culture which allowed the Inuit peoples and their ancestors to achieve one of the most remarkable human accomplishments, the population of the Arctic.
Etymology.
Europeans in North America used to refer to the Inuit as Eskimos, but the people consider that term pejorative. The colonists and explorers adopted the term "Eskimo" from the Algonquin-speaking peoples' ethonym for the Inuit, as they encountered the Algonquian peoples first when they landed in the coastal areas. It means either "eaters of raw flesh" or "people who live up the coast." The word "Inuit" is the autonym, the name which the people use for themselves and it means "the people." Its singular form is "Inuk."
Early periods of cultural history.
Period I (9000-5000 BCE)
Period II (5000-ca. 2000 BCE)
Period III (ca. 2000-1000 BCE)
Overview of cultural history.
Archaeologists are certain that the predecessors of today's Inuit originated in the area of the Bering Strait, which separates Asia and North America. The first Eskimo group, known as Paleo-Eskimos, crossed the Strait in 3000 BCE presumably on winter ice, which was long after earlier migrations by the ancestors to the North American Indians. Archaeological finds have revealed that the Paleo-Eskimos moved to the northern Canadian Arctic in 2300 BCE, apparently because of a change in climate. From there they gradually followed the herds of game across the Arctic to Greenland, and dispersed into more distinct nomadic tribes. 
Pre-Dorset culture is said to begin when the Paleo-Eskimos settled on the islands of the Canadian archipelago and northern Greenland. The descriptions "Dorset" and "Pre-Dorset" come from Cape Dorset on Baffin Island, the source of an assemblage which in 1925 anthropologist Diamond Jenness identified as originating from a hitherto unknown "Dorset Culture." The Paleo-Eskimos weathered the winter of the high Arctic with much more difficulty than their later descendants because they lacked technologies such as boats, harpoon-tips, dog sleds, dwellings other than skin tents, and sources of warmth other than small fire pits and wood fuels. In the central Canadian Arctic, they mainly hunted muskoxen and caribou with bow and arrow, and fished with barbed devices. Groups living near the coastline hunted seals, walruses and smaller whales by throwing harpoons from the shore or from sea ice.
This Paleo-Eskimo culture was named after Independence Fjord, where traces of a large settlement were found. Their lodgings were erected on elliptical foundations centered upon box-shaped hearths made of flat stones set on end. These they filled with driftwood, musk ox dung, and bones. They might have started fires with the help of a bow drill operated by sinews, which was in general use some centuries later.
In the western and southern parts of the eastern coast of Greenland, the Saqqaq culture developed around 2300 BCE and lasted 1500 years. The center of their settlements was Disko Bay near the place Saqqaq, which lent its name to the culture. The people extended their culture along the fjords and coastlines in the area. The culture of the Saqqaq people shows marked similarity to the culture that in the Canadian Arctic is described as "Pre-Dorset", and the two cultures developed around the same time. Scholars believe that the people of the Saqqaq split off from the Pre-Dorset culture, migrated into Greenland from Ellesmere Island in the north, and later migrated to the southern coast.
Period IV (1000 BCE-1000 CE).
Western Arctic
Eastern Arctic
Presumably for climatic reasons, northern Greenland was not populated for about 500 years afterward. Archeological evidence has shown that before the disappearance of the Saqqaq culture from southern Greenland, a new culture arrived from the Canadian archipelago. The newer people showed a more developed culture from an archaeological standpoint. That culture is called Independence II culture, and it seems to have developed from the Canadian Pre-Dorset cultures. Possibly, they came in close contact with the Saqqaq culture.
The range of distribution of the Independence II people approximately corresponds to that of the Independence I people. The oldest finds have been dated to 1400 BCE, and the most recent to 400 BCE. Researchers have not confirmed whether the farthest northern regions of Greenland were constantly settled during this 1000 year period, because only about 10 dwellings are extant. The climate of that time steadily worsened; the warmest temperature of the Independence II period approximately matches the coldest temperature of the Independence I period. 
Archaeological research has focused its fieldwork on areas of Greenland below 83 degrees latitude north for traces of the Independence II culture. In 1987 the remains of a larger Independence II settlement was discovered on the Île-de-France (at about 78 degrees north). The Independence II people hunted the same animals as earlier cultures (seals and musk-oxen), but for the first time also walruses. The houses of the Independence II period were similar to those of the Independence I period, only more complex. So far no connection between the two cultures has been proven. Independence II tools are more reminiscent of the Pre-Dorset and the later Dorset culture. The fate of the Independence II culture is unknown; it is possible that they migrated south along the east coast of Greenland and merged into the Dorset Culture.
Archaeological evidence shows that between 500 BCE and 500 CE, remarkable technological and cultural advances took place in the area of northern Canada and Greenland known as the Dorset region. Today this period is known as Dorset I. The Dorset people are probably identical to the "Tuniit" (singular Tuniq, also Tornit or Tunirjuat), who are described in Inuit mythology as powerful giants who dwelt in stone houses. They were believed to have been capable of enormous feats of strength, such as carrying walruses or moving enormous boulders. 
Their hunting methods were greatly improved over previous Arctic cultures. They probably invented the igloo, which is difficult to determine because such ephemeral structures leave no archaeological evidence. They spent the winters in relatively permanent dwellings constructed of stone and pieces of grass; these were the precursors of the later qarmaqs. They were also the first culture to carve seal-oil lamps ("qulliq", also spelled "kudlik") from soapstone. 
In the next 500 years, known as the Dorset II period, the Dorset culture expanded to occupy the region between Victoria Island in the west to Greenland in the east to Newfoundland in the south. A shift in climate, which enabled them to settle high-Arctic regions, probably contributed to this. It is remarkable that the Dorset II culture uniformly maintained the stylistic attributes of the Dorset I culture despite this rapid territorial expansion. 
Ivory carvings date to as early as the Dorset I period, but artistic activity appears to have greatly increased in the Dorset II period. The presence of tiny human masks that subtly suggest animal features, carvings of bears with incised spirit lines indicating skeletal structures, and enigmatic tubes that may have been used to suck spirits out of the possessed; indicate the shamanistic, ritual character of this art. This cultural trend probably results from socio-economic pressures exerted upon the Dorset by the presence of new ethnic groups in the region.
This period's climate was responsible for the Vikings' naming of Iceland and Greenland, labels that in our times sound paradoxical.
Period V (1000 CE-present).
Western Arctic.
The relatively temperate climate of the Alaska had allowed much greater cultural advances among the peoples there during the 3000 years since the Pre-Dorset had left the region.
Cultural and technological advancements.
The various peoples of the Alaskan coasts had in that period developed entirely new techniques for hunting and fishing; these technologies also fundamentally changed their lifestyle and culture. Developments included boats constructed of watertight seal skin stretched over wooden frames such as the kayak (Inuktitut: "qajag"), used by hunters, and the "umiaq", a large boat used by groups of up to 20 women; new styles of spears, and harpoons equipped with weights and floats. These technologies enabled the hunting of whales, which provided a valuable source of food (especially whale skin, rich in vitamin C) and expanded the range of available materials to be processed for construction (bones and skin) and heating (whale oil). The development of dog sleds and of igloos that could be entered by a tunnel provided easier travel for the people and warmer dwellings during the winter. All of these advances promoted the formation of new social, religious, and artistic values.
The wave of Thule migrations.
The warmer climate of North America in 1000 CE increased the amount of habitable territory in the Arctic and contributed to population growth. Presumably, this development, along with the constant pursuit of quarry into higher latitudes and the search for meteorite iron, was a major impetus for the migration of the Alaskan Thule into northern Canada and Greenland. In the so-called “second migration”, some of the displaced groups migrated south, settling in the Hudson Bay area. As Inuit myths explain, the Dorset-culture residents were assimilated by the technologically superior Thule in most areas but were massacred in others. The Dorset culture subsequently died out throughout the Arctic in a short period around 1000 CE. They held out for a few centuries longer in northern Labrador and in the Ungava region (until about 1300 CE); the isolated Sallirmiut survived until the early 20th century on the southern coasts of Southampton Island and two islands nearby, Walrus Island and Coats Island. 
The new arrivals were the direct ancestors of today's Inuit. They originated from the area around the Bering Strait, but are named the Thule after the location of the first traces of their settlements to be excavated: Thule, Greenland.
Thule dwellings.
The typical Thule house was constructed from a framework of whale jawbones and ribs anchored in the tundra soil with rocks. Animal hides were stretched over the frame, which was covered with sod. As accommodations for long hunting trips, the Thule used hide-tents in the summer.
Artistic activities.
While the artistic productions of the Dorset were almost exclusively shaped by shamanic ritual and myths, such influences are barely detectable in Thule art. The utensils discovered in excavations of well-preserved Thule dwellings show only decorative incisions. These utensils were almost entirely functional, with no ritual purpose. Small figurative carvings in ivory of female figures, water birds, and whales have also been found in Thule sites, but in relatively small numbers. Occasionally water birds would be depicted with the heads of women and vice versa, but such shamanic carvings are few among the already small proportions of figurative carvings in Thule art.
Among the art of the Thule, the depictions of bears especially contrasts with the art of the Dorset. In Dorset art, bears are realistically depicted within stylistic conventions; today, these objects are interpreted as spirit-helpers or amulets against dangers encountered in the hunt. In Thule art, images of bears are limited to carved bear heads that attached to harpoon shafts. Whether they served a decorative or functional purpose is uncertain (probably both). The Thule used bear teeth as jewelry, or hunting trophies. The artifacts left by the Thule generally suggests that they led a more comfortable lifestyle and had leisure time to artistically decorate their personal effects- their art was not the result of social or economic anxieties.
They constructed diverse and numerous Inuksuit (like a man), piled-stone landmarks that survive. Some are examples of an impressive art form.
Transitional Phase (1300-19th century).
From the beginning of the 14th century, a gradual cooling occurred throughout the Canadian Archipelago and the Arctic Ocean coast of the Mainland. The period between 1550 and 1880, the so-called "Little Ice Age", caused temperatures significantly lower than today's in North America and Europe (with a brief period of higher heat around 1800). The effect of the drop in temperature upon the hunting-dependent lifestyle of the Thule was significant. Entire regions of the high Arctic were depopulated, partly by mass migrations but also by the starvation of entire communities. The traditional way of life was maintained only by communities in the relatively hospitable regions of the Arctic: the southern end of Baffin Island, Labrador, and the southernmost tip of Greenland. In Greenland, the Thule developed a different social structure and new dwelling types, and became what is known as the Inugsuk Culture.
In Greenland, the beginning of the 17th century brought the first European whaling ships and sudden change. In the following 150 years, up to 10,000 whalers would annually pass the coast of Greenland and substantially influence the culture of the Thule living there. The emerging trade relationships made intermarriage with European-Canadians and European-Americans common; there were few genetically pure Inugsuk after several generations.
Historical period of the Inuit (from 1800).
The 19th century is regarded as the beginning of "Inuit culture." Although the Thule traditions endured in a limited way, the living conditions of Inuit in the Historical period were considerably worse than those of their ancestors 1000 years before. The technical standards and spirit of their artwork likewise began to decline. Carving and decorative engraving, for example, became rarer and less differentiated. The colder climate of the period and the resulting decline in animals as game meant that the Inuit were forced to abandon their winter settlements in search of quarry. In their newly nomadic way of life, the Inuit built more temporary winter dwellings. These were tent-like huts constructed of stone, grass, and snow. The Inuit called them "qarmaqs". The technique of constructing igloos was further developed and became more widespread.
Contact with Europeans.
Contact with Europeans was another important impetus for change in the culture of the Inuit. The earliest contacts with the Vikings, later with explorers, fishermen and whalers, affected Canadian Inuit (as opposed to Greenland's) less profoundly and more locally. Those early European arrivals did not intend to settle Canada. Such contacts proved fatal for many Inuit due to the spread of sexually transmitted diseases, smallpox and other infectious diseases. 
In contrast, tradesmen, missionaries and representatives of the Canadian administration established themselves in the region and directly influenced the life of the natives. The Canadians erected the first administrative and police stations in 1903, near the important whaling base of Fullerton Harbour on the Hudson Bay and on Herschel Island northwest of the Mackenzie Delta. In that same year, the Norwegian Roald Amundsen started to transit the famous Northwest Passage with his ship "Gjøa" on a more southerly course than that of his predecessors, alongside the Canadian mainland.
Starting at the beginning of the 20th century, radical changes occurred for the Arctic people. Greenland was visited with increasing frequency: Alfred Wegener led an expedition in 1912-1913, and the Thule expeditions by Knud Rasmussen took place in 1915-1924. In 1933, the Permanent Court of International Justice attested Denmark's authority in Greenland, with cultural, political and structural impacts for the Inuit.
In Canada, the Hudson's Bay Company tapped the previously unexplored "Barren Lands" of the Kivalliq Region to the west of the Hudson Bay for trade. The Inuit no longer hunted animals for food and clothing, but mainly to acquire goods for barter with the emissaries of markets in the South and in Europe. The fur of the Arctic Fox was especially in demand, but other kinds of fur and the ivory of walruses and narwhals were also desirable. Due to trade, the Inuit could acquire goods of the European-Canadian civilization, such as weapons and ammunition, tobacco, coffee, tea, sugar and flour. To keep the hunters associated with the trading posts, the traders lent them traps were lent and extended credit to the Inuit. Becoming more dependent on another people meant that the native society had lost its former self-sufficiency. It changed their cultural development.
19th century social structure and way of life.
The basic social structure of the Inuit in the 19th century consisted of an estimated 50 groups of 200 to 800 members apiece. The membership was based upon the voluntary association of large and loosely composed clans. The clans in turn were made up of extended families- the grandparents, parents, and children. Such a loose social structure, which allowed families self-sufficiency and self-governance, increased the chances of social survival in times of scarcity. 
Hunting provided the Inuit with a balanced diet and the raw materials for clothing, housing, household implements and heating, boat and sled-building, hunting weapons, toys, and art-objects. Stones, carefully chosen and carved, were used for select but important objects: arrow, spear, and harpoon heads, hide-scrapers, and knives. Soapstone, a relatively soft and easily carved material, was used for the production of oil lamps (qulliqs) and cooking vessels. 
Plant-materials played a small role in Inuit culture, as they were so rare. Wood is scarce in the Arctic, except in the form of occasional driftwood. The bones, tusks, and antlers of hunted animals were used in its place. Berries were collected in large numbers during the late summer, but while they provided a source of some vitamins, they were far from sufficient. The people met their vitamin requirements by eating raw animal products, such as maktaaq (whale skin), meat and fish.
The Inuit tradition of living in tents during summer and in igloos and Qarmait (singular: Qarmaq, warm half-subterranean houses made from boulders, whale bones and sod) in winter still followed the Thule practices. The most important principle of all building constructions was the lowered entrance tunnel, which served as a windscreen and cold trap. The inner living area was constructed at a higher level so that the heavier cold air could not easily enter it. Girl children played with string figures within the igloos, as preparation for learning to sew and partly as a ritual act. The girls of the Chugach people mainly played this in autumn because it was believed this weaving captured the sunrays and thus delayed the beginning of winter. Often the creation of string figures was accompanied by rhymes and songs describing tales, legends and myths.
The Inuit had developed winter clothing that ensured an effective use of the body heat, avoiding holes that would allow air to leak out. Apart from seal, mostly caribou skin was used, and in Greenland polar bear fur. In order to create a cushion of warm air, the clothing was loosely tailored and worn in two layers, the outer one with the hair inside, the inner one with the hair outside. In summer, only the inner layer was worn. The hood fixed on the inside of the coat avoided the leaking of warm air at the neck. Mothers used an additional part of their hoods for carrying the toddlers in their parka ("amauti").
Nomadic life in the first half of the 20th century.
Many elders still remember the time, more than 60 years ago, when the Inuit lived a nomadic lifestyle. Depending on the seasons (up to sixteen according to old traditions), they followed the animals they hunted for clothing and nourishment. They had to relocate and reconstruct their camps frequently, and followed the same traditions for generations.
At the turn to the 20th century, most Inuit still lived in hide tents during the summer. Sometimes, they already owned canvas tents obtained from the Hudson's Bay Company. The interior was divided into a back part used for sleeping, usually raised by coat underlays, and a front part for cooking and living; a tradition still in practice today. The woman's sleeping place was always beside the "kudlik", an oil lamp usually carved from soapstone used for lighting, heating and cooking, because it was her duty to operate it. The man's sleeping place was near the weapons and hunting equipment; the children were nestled between their parents for warmth. Today the kudlik is replaced by a product of modern industry, the Coleman stove, which is easy to transport and operated by gasoline and naphtha.
In the few months of summer, the people moved camp to the estuaries, because there it was easier to catch the favored Arctic char, e.g. by using artificial weirs, and the eggs of seabirds. For the inland Inuit, the caribou was the most important resource; it provided meat, a hide for clothing, and sinew for rope. The coastal Inuit hunted mostly pinnipeds and walruses and, depending on the region, narwhals and Belugas; of course also the occasional caribou. The seals were used for food for men and dogs. Their oil was used for the kudliks, and their skin and sinews for seal boots ("kamik"), kayak coverings, ropes (also drag ropes for dog sleds) and dog whips.
During the winter, the Inuit lived in igloos, which were erected separately or connected by tunnels. Snow of a specific consistency was necessary to build them. They had the same general interior arrangement as the tents. The most important element was a lowered entrance tunnel, repelling the heavier cold air and the wind from entering inside. As additional prevention against cold, the sleeping area was elevated by a layer of snow as compared to the living area.
Some of the families that wanted to live in permanent camps, built themselves a partially subsurface home of rocks, whale bones, coat and sod, the so-called Qarmaq. The construction of such camps is certainly based on the Thule tradition. During the winter, they used quarmaqs, but in summer preferred the more airy tents. 
Due to the hard weather conditions in winter, in this season the families joined closer together. Mutual visits at hunting places of different groups were for the exchange of news and experiences, but mostly for the exchange of food from different sources. In winter, traveling was done by dog sleds, partly presumably also by foot. 
During the warmer seasons, mainly the people used the kayak, or, mostly as "women boat" for families, the large umiak, and traveled by foot. Traditional land routes were, e.g., from Wager Bay to Repulse Bay in North, to the Chesterfield Inlet with the adjacent Baker Lake in Southwest and to the Chantrey Inlet at the Arctic Ocean in Northwest.
Transition into the 21st century.
Fundamental change of living conditions.
Between 1800 and 1950, the culture and way of living of the Canadian Inuit, who had not known any monetary system before, changed fundamentally. Complete self-sufficiency and independence were to a large extent replaced by dependence on goods of western industrialized countries, such as clothing, many kinds of foodstuffs, weapons, tools and technical equipment. This development was largely due to the fact that as hunters and trappers, they could develop only a low level of productivity that could not financially cover the Western way of living. Moreover, the products of the kill depended too much on market and fashion fluctuations, not to speak of concerns related to protection of species and of the environment.
Post-World War II, the northern regions were increasingly incorporated into a Cold War strategic defense concept, and military and radar stations of the Distant Early Warning Line (DEW Line) were established. Although this developed the infrastructure and created jobs, it also led to a sudden urbanization that not every community could adapt to. Traditional ways of living were increasingly constrained and eliminated, with no provision made for the transition to the new way of living. The transitional difficulties were further enhanced, for example, by the fact that at the end of the 1940s, the Kivalliq Region had to be placed under quarantine because of the appearance of serious infectious diseases such as polio (for which there was as yet no vaccine). At the same time, the caribou population west of the Hudson Bay nearly perished. As a consequence, the Inuit of that area lost their food supply. Those Inuit still mostly living in camps faced an increasing threat from tuberculosis; many who contracted the disease had to be treated in sanatoriums in the south. Many Inuit tried to continue their traditional way of living in their ancestral regions while adapting to the new conditions. But, they became more dependent on governmental welfare.
The Canadian state had primarily scientific interest in its northern regions during the first half of the century. Beginning in the 1950s, it became concerned about three issues: military security requirements, discovery of economically important natural resources, and an increasing sensibility for the special concerns of the Inuit. The government felt the need to exercise governmental control and sovereignty over the territory. The Canadian government created a "Department of Indian Affairs and Natural Resources" in 1953 (now Indian and Northern Affairs Canada). This department established social benefits such as unemployment aid, social welfare, care of the sick and of the elderly, child allowance, comprehensive educational and welfare programs of the industrial areas of Canada. At the same time, the Canadian government forcibly moved many Inuit families from their traditional hunting grounds into new and empty areas, to reinforce claims of Canadian sovereignty.
By the mid-1950s, dramatic changes had occurred for the Canadian Inuit, which lasted well into the 1960s. There were differences among the regions of Nunavut, such as Qikiqtaaluk (Baffin), Kivalliq or Kitikmeot. The common characteristic was the extensive change from the nomadic to the sedentary way of living. Inuit left their camps and moved into settlements with permanent buildings. The wooden building replaced the igloo, qarmaq and tents originally made from hide. Since then, the Inuit have lived in residential buildings prefabricated in the south of Canada and - because of permafrost - built on stilts. These buildings are heated with oil stoves (every building has a holding tank for heating oil). Fresh water is delivered by tankers, and waste water is brought away the same way. The buildings contain cooking sites with electric range, sink, and freezer; a bathroom with shower and/or bathtub, and flushing toilet; washers and dryers have become common. Like other westerners, many households keep their TV sets on almost 24 hours a day. The people use fax machines and e-mail for correspondence.
Traditional customs.
Marriage.
Childhood of the Inuit was still very brief the first half of the 20th century. Especially girls entered marriage at an early age. Before the arrival of Christian missionaries, it was mostly the families who decided which children should marry whom, i.e. arranged marriages. Marriages often served to strengthen family ties, and girls had no say in choosing their partners. Sometimes a young man who had not yet been pledged, sent to the parents of the girl, without being personally present in those negotiations. The wedding was completely unceremonial (the same was true for birthdays). After Christianization, the only change was that now the couples also received Christian marriage ceremonies whenever a priest traveled their areas (often months after the actual marriage). When finally government administration had been established, marriages were also registered by the administration, initially by police officers, later by the local administrations. Since moving from the camps to the settlements, more couples live together without marriage. This way, they feel less tied but also less responsible. But still in the 1970s, it was in no way unusual to make agreements regarding newborns about eventual marriages. However with these promises of marriage becoming due now (i.e. twenty or thirty years later), they are taken less and less serious: The young people increasingly defy tradition and follow their own wishes.
Before Christianizing (referred to as Siqqitiq by the Inuit), polygamy, more often polygyny, less so polyandry, were not unusual among the Inuit. Extramarital relationships were accepted especially during extensive hunting trips, and there were so-called "lamp extinction games" with ritual partner exchanges. According to a popular theory, these traditions reduced the danger of inbreeding and resulting population bottleneck in small and isolated settlements. With colonization, these customs led to great conflicts: On one hand such traditions were fought by missionaries as sinful, on the other, they were interpreted as sexual arbitrariness and taken advantage of, often leading to prostitution and sexual exploitation.
Family life.
Until the middle of the 20th century, i.e. until the move from disperse camps to settlements, the division of labor between men and women within the families and family groups in northern Canada was traditionally arranged fairly well, and rather different: The men were responsible for the acquisition of food, especially for hunting and fishing, and for technical work (including the construction of igloos, qarmaqs and tents). The women were predominantly in charge of intra-family concerns, such as caring for little children, taking care of the kill (conservation of meat, cleaning of furs, and the like), the sewing of clothing, fire keeping in the qulliq, etc. (their participation in hunting and fishing was limited). Whenever a family lost its breadwinner (for example in an accident), it was usually dependent on support by other families, and the widow was sometimes adopted as additional wife by a close relative of the deceased (see widow inheritance).
The move from the camps to the settlements, which essentially took place during the 1950s, brought about significant changes in this respect: The Inuit now were immediate subjects of governmental administration and care (also social welfare). By occupations that were completely new to them, like in health care and local administration, but also in Inuit arts, the women with their earned money were able to contribute like the men to the livelihood of their families. Nowadays, the division of tasks and responsibilities between male and female Inuit are, following Canadian legislation, not very different from western industrialized nations, of which the Inuit are considered part. In the Territory of Nunavut, female representatives and ministers are as common as their male counterparts. There are Inuit municipalities with female mayors, for example.
Birth.
In the time of the camps it was usual for experienced women to give advice to first-time mothers and to tell them about many precautionary measures, such as chewing gum would lead to the child being born with a sticky layer on the skin, or that the use of loops in wool braiding could cause the strangulation of the unborn by the umbilical cord. Such prenatal taboos still persisted to the 1930s. At that time, a woman in labor pain stayed alone, only with water against her thirst, in a qarmaq or an iglu constructed specifically for that purpose. She gave birth onto a caribou hide, tied the umbilical cord with caribou sinews, and buried the placenta. She was not allowed to return to the family clan until the umbilical cord of the baby fell off, and was left to her own resources for several days. The following generation did not have to undergo such customs anymore. Now the child-bearing women were assisted by midwives during labor. Nowadays, women give birth with the aid of trained specialists in their residential buildings or in the health center of the settlement, or even in one of the few hospitals of the Arctic, such as in Iqaluit or Churchill.
Death.
When the Inuit still lived in camps or as nomads, they had no special tomb sites, much less cemeteries. Before burial, the women of the camp washed the body of the deceased and adjusted the hair; on dead women they braided the hair starting at the forehead. Then they wrapped the body in a large blanket of caribou hide or wool and laid it down far out in the tundra, face up. They stacked cairns on top, to protect the body from being eaten by animals. Nevertheless, scattered human bones can be found throughout the tundra, testifying to the work of carnivores.
Similar burial customs have been found through the centuries. For example, Qilakitsoq mummies dating from 500 years ago show that the Thule people, ancestors of the present Inuit, wrapped and protected their dead the same way.
The Inuit believed the aurora borealis to be visible signals from the dead. Children feared the ghosts of those deceased long ago and often whistled or blew air against their hands, in order to "blow away" those supernatural beings. In pre-missonary times it was usual to give a newborn child the name of a close relative who had died shortly before. This way, ancestors could experience a kind of return to a new life in the child. This customs has survived to this day, although the traditional animism religion has largely given way to Christianity.
Since the move to the settlements, the dead are buried in cemeteries. All members of the community participate in requiems that last for hours, during which the towns appear deserted. Due to the frozen permafrost, burial sites are not deep, and are covered with rocks. Sometimes a blue plastic layer can be detected between the rocks. Here and there, a wooden box with a vitrified cover a few fading artificial flowers and other decorations can be seen. Crosses stand askew on the shifting permafrost. The inscriptions show that many of the dead are children, victims of accidents or natural disasters, and also suicides. Often there is a wooden hut outside of the town, where the dead of winter are preserved in natural cold, until the warmer season permits their burial.
Challenges by changed walks of life.
Given such changes in their way of life, keeping their own identity and recollection of history and ancestors proved to be an extraordinary challenge many Inuit could not meet. These changes led to alcohol and drug problems. The suicide rate of the Inuit rose four times as high as the one of the remaining population of Canada.
In the early 21st century the infant mortality rate is still high, about four times higher than the rest of Canada, and the lifespan relatively short, about 13 years less than the rest of the country. However, the Inuit population has grown considerably since the 1960s when there were about 12,000 and, as of the 2006 Canadian census, increasing to just over 50,000, distributed among some 70 settlements, some of which have a population of a few hundred only. They account for about 0.142% of the total population of Canada, and about 4% of the indigenous population, as of 2011.
Within a very short time, modern technology replaced methods and technologies that had been passed on for centuries. Firearms replaced lances and harpoons, snow mobiles, mainly Polaris, Ski-Doo and Yamaha took the place of dog sled teams (the name Ski-doo is often used for the whole category, since Joseph-Armand Bombardier 1922 built the first snow mobile Ski-dog, which mutated to Ski-doo by a typographical error). ATVs (all-terrain vehicles, quad-bikes) became widely accepted as a general means of transportation.
The Inuit have become consumers who make their living by fishing, hunting, trapping and production of artwork. They also perform wage labor, and often must be supported by additional social welfare. Government support is often the only source of income. The number of recipients is much higher than the average of Canada. Also, the share of employees in public service is 20 to 30 percent, compared to 7 percent for Canada. This is extremely high, and has been rising even higher since the creation of Nunavut Territory. Nowadays only a few areas are left where traditional methods of hunting and fishing have been preserved in their original form.
Adjustment to conditions of living in a modern industrial nation.
The capitalist way of thinking in the south of Canada has been a large challenge for the Inuit. It was a drastic experience for the population of a homogeneous, that in an earning-focused, achievement-oriented society authority, power and wealth were defined in a very different way. Before, they were independent in their way of living, but now they saw themselves tied to the chains of a monetary system. Consequently new patterns of behavior arose, which put enormous strain on family ties. The adjustment to totally different conditions of living, even more so in new administrative centers that were organized by Canadian public employees by the rules of an industrialized country, was understandably difficult for the Inuit. Many have not come to terms with the changes to this day, they do not feel part of either the modern culture nor of that of their ancestors.
The proselytizing by the Anglican Church and the Roman Catholic Church in the first half of the 20th century, which must be critically viewed in some respect, was also of fundamental significance for the cultural change of the Inuit. Although the Arctic nowadays is considered largely Christian, elements of Shamanism appear to persist fairly well at the subliminal level, side by side with Christian thought, despite its condemnation by the missionaries.
The adjustment to life in a modern industrialized country is easier for the young people who find new types of opportunities, but also all the problems that can be paraphrased by the keyword "TV culture". Compulsory education was introduced in the 1950s, replacing the traditional master-apprentice relationship between parents and children that did without reading and writing skills. Some Inuit were trained to be teachers and clergymen, but their numbers still were much too low. Basic education nowadays takes place in nearly all settlements. During the first three school years, Inuktitut is the relevant language of instruction. In many schools of the Arctic, "elders", older residents who are recognized for their experience, are teaching knowledge about culture, customs and way of living from the pre-settlement time, during planned lectures. Despite all efforts, the number of dropout is generally rather high, because of lack of motivation, among other reasons.
Not in every Arctic town it is possible to attend secondary school and therefore mostly means leaving the home town during the school year, which is very difficult for many. Because of this, there are only a few Inuit with higher education, since they would have to leave during the years of study. Vocational training was offered for a short time only, but was not accepted by most youths, because it often teaches occupations and skills that apparently are not yet needed in the Arctic.
There has been no lack of intensive effort to find ways for the Inuit into a largely self-designed future, and to help them with a recollection of their own values and of their personal identity. It was important in this context to convey a new role of men and women. In the past, the man was responsible for family life and survival, while the women in the camp were charged with the young. Now often both of them have to master new tasks, thereby skipping several stages of development, with this process taking a course different from what happened in the European cultural area. It is not seldom that the woman assumes the sole role of the breadwinner, while the man is unemployed.
Cooperatives, a formula for success.
Big hopes were put into the establishment of cooperatives that were to help convey to the Inuit the skills of creating added value, so they would take care of themselves again and at the same time preserve their traditional culture. These cooperatives, mostly managed by Qallunaat (non-Inuit), did in fact prove very successful, because they succeeded in connecting economic thinking with traditional activities and values not only theoretically.
The cooperatives developed activities in disparate areas. They were active in the provisioning of goods and services, such as trading with oil, gas, gasoline and construction materials, the organization of supermarkets with foodstuffs, clothing and technical goods, of hotels and restaurants, the construction of recreational and tourism facilities. On the regional level, the cooperatives ran commercial fur trade and fishing, as well as the production of downs and feathers.
In the area of culture, the cooperatives and similar associations were intensely devoted to fostering artistic skills, which were, and still are unusually pronounced among the Inuit. The production and trade of Inuit art, i.e. of artistic and crafted objects, mainly sculptures made from serpentine, steatite and marble, and soon afterwards also of graphics (drawings, lithotomies, lithographs, erasures) and tapestry (for example hangings), yielded excellent economic and cultural successes.
In the course of the past 50 years this branch of the cooperatives reached an extraordinary importance for value added in the Inuit regions, and clearly ranks first, far ahead of trading hunting products: antlers, fur, or ivory, but overproduction is a growing problem. There is a similar problem with this type of art in Greenland, like the tupilaks from East Greenland made from walrus ivory.
In 1965, the turnover of Inuit cooperatives with trade of artistic objects and true arts was still below 100,000 Canadian Dollars, but two or three decades later it has risen to 5 Million Dollars, at gross prices, respectively (turnover not registered is estimated at a few additional Million Dollars). Despite manifold attempts in expanding the areas of activity, real added value still occurs mainly in the consumer goods sector, and scarcely in the real branch of production.
Current developments.
During a period of five thousand years, the Eskimo groups have grown apart ethnically. However, the increasing integration into nations foreign to them that were extending into the Arctic made them realize after World War II that they could maintain their cultural identity only if they appeared united at the international level. Therefore the Eskimo groups of Canada united with their relatives in Alaska and Greenland (after the dissolution of the Soviet Union also with the Siberian Chukchi) to the "Pan-Eskimo Movement". This Movement is supported by the Inuit Circumpolar Conference, that was founded in 1977 after a lead time of four years and to which its protagonist Eben Hopson (North Slope Borough, Alaska) was invited with his vision of constituting a unified, independent Eskimo nation.
During the 1980s and 1990s a nationalistic trend could indeed be felt, and there was no lack of wishful thinking to achieve the dream of circumpolar unity. But in the reality of daily life, rational and last but not least fiscal thinking prevailed.
Nunavut.
With all efforts to preserve and cultivate cultural values of the past, the Inuit also want the progress of the modern industrial society. They show concern about the endangering of the environment by technical processes associated with the exploitation of resources, but are also interested in a future of western standards. They have also recognized that they are much better able to influence their conditions of living to their own ideas, when they agree within regional bounds on the goals to be pursued.
The Canadian Inuit, just like the other indigenous peoples (First Nations) of Canada, grew the demand for collective ethnic rights and a territory of their own, with a government composed of their kind, and Inuktitut as one of the official languages. On the federal level, the Inuit got the right to vote in 1962. The first Inuk to be elected Member of Parliament was Peter Ittinuar in 1979. In 1976, the organization "Inuit Tapirisat" ("Inuit Brotherhood") for the first time demanded the creation of a separate territory in the northeast of Canada. After more than 15 years of negotiation between Inuit and the Federal and Territorial Governments, finally an agreement was reached, the so-called "Nunavut settlement", which determined that from April 1, 1999, the north of Canada should be composed of three territories: Yukon Territory, Nunavut and the remaining Northwest Territories. Like the two other territories, Nunavut was placed under direct control of the Canadian federal government and received increasing administrative autonomy. The Inuit have substantial local rights of control. They participate in the execution of important administrative positions, including police, legal and social welfare offices. Inuktitut is official government language, besides English and French.
Accord of Nunavik.
An accord (Agreement of James Bay and North Québec) between the Canadian federal government, the Province of Québec and Inuit representatives resulted in the establishment of a Kativik regional government and gave a bigger political autonomy to the Nunavik region. As a result, all residents of the 14 Nunavik settlements elect their own representative in regional elections.
Settlement of land claims and titles.
An important chapter of Canadian Arctic policy regarding development of the Inuit culture is reflected in the agreements settling Inuit land claims opposed to the Canadian state. The advancing exploitation of the Canadian Arctic and if its mineral resources led to ever more conflicts about land ownership and title between Inuit representatives and Federal Government. Land that is not under private ownership is considered as Federal land, but the Inuit claim large areas that they have inhabited and utilized for many centuries. The agreement reached in 1984 regarding land claims of the Inuvialuit (relatives of the Inuit in the western Arctic) provided means to improve the situation of the indigenous residents of this region, by assuring 91,000 square kilometers of land to 2,500 Inuvialuit, as well as monetary compensation, funds for improving the social structure, hunting right, and more influence on dealing with the fauna, on natural and environmental protection.
The final agreement signed in 1993 with the Tunngavik Federation of Nunavut is the most comprehensive agreement ever reached in Canada. As a result, about 17,500 Inuit receive 350,000 square kilometers of land, monetary compensation, a share of the profits from exploiting the mineral resources, hunting rights and a larger voice in questions regarding land and environment.
Also in the north of the province of Québec, land claims of Inuit groups were settled successfully. In addition, there are ongoing negotiations with the Association of Labrador Inuit, which represents about 3,800 Inuit living in the interiour and on the eastern coast of Labrador, a part of Newfoundland province.
Traditional Inuit culture and self-determined life.
The Inuit place a high value upon self-determination. The parliament of Nunavut Territory does not have political parties, but emanates from individual candidatures. It underwent a re-election for the first time in 2004. The territorial government's largest challenges are employment, social welfare, law, health and education. Difficult questions are common in judicature, where traditional Inuit concepts are opposed to the legal system of the Canadian state.
Preservation of tradition and culture.
In general, the government of Nunavut sees one of its most important tasks to be the preservation and care of Inuit tradition and culture. Currently, it puts great effort into recording and archiving the oral accounts of "Elders" about the time before the move of the Inuit into the settlements. It is high time for this, because the number of Elders with this knowledge are dwindling.
Contemporary literature.
A special part of the century-old cultural heritage of the Inuit are their myths and legends, which had been passed exclusively by word of mouth, because the Inuit had no written language and consequently had no literary tradition. In the Inuit culture story telling had the function that in other cultures literature has. The oral recital of passed-on knowledge gave the Inuit families particularly a feeling of immediate togetherness. At the same time, narrating made a connection between past and present, because the essential statements had been passed from generation to generation and accepted as the truth, without reservations. Among the Inuit, there are even nowadays no authors in the strict sense: writers mainly produce reports, summaries and essays about traditional contexts, or their own experiences ("non-fiction"), in seldom cases poems (mostly anthems) or songs.
Among the best-known Inuit authors are the former Commissioner of Nunavut (the highest governmental representative of the territory), Peter Irniq (born 1947 on the Lyon Inlet, Kivalliq Region), the writer, poet, cartoonist and photographer Alootook Ipellie (born 1951 in a camp near Iqaluit, died 2007 in Ottawa), and the former president of the Makivik Corporation and active author Zebedee Nungak (born 1951 in the south of Puvirnituq, Quebec).
Contemporary music.
The Inuit did not have a very distinct tradition of music. There were "Aya-Yait", songs used for passing experiences from generation to generation, and so called because of their refrain "aya-ya". In a musical sense, they were simply-structured compositions. The traditional "throat singing" as well as the ritual drum dance by no means claim to be artistic compositions, but they were used for entertainment and for mythological-religious customs. The Inuit first heard European melodies by listening to the whalers. With those, they saw European instruments for the first time, the fiddle and especially the accordion, which has been very popular among the Inuit to this day. They also learned the square dance from the whalers. For the past twenty years, a kind of pop music is catching on in the Arctic, which the Inuit adopted from the south and then modified their own way. Today Susan Aglukark (born in 1967 in Churchill, Manitoba, and grown up in Arviat) is perhaps the most popular Inuit singer.
Contemporary fine arts.
Contemporary Inuit art and handicrafts did not come about before the late 1950s as important resources for added value. soapstone sculptures, artistic drawings, hangings and tapestries (the latter mainly in Arviat, Baker Lake and Pangnirtung), attire, ceramics and dolls are providing a basic livelihood to a large number of Inuit artists of all ages today, just like hunting and fishing.
Added value in the Arctic.
It is extremely important for the territorial government to look at the same time for ways to clearly rise the national product, which also means to conciliate the Inuit's deeply rooted tradition with the challenges of modern life. Hunting, trapping and fishing essentially serve their subsistence and by far do not contribute enough added value, as would be needed. In addition,the trade with more significant products gained from these activities, like seal furs, or ivory from narwhal or walrus, is subject to international restrictions. The revenue from artistic or handicraft work, although a significant contribution to added value, provides a sufficient livelihood to only a few, particularly because of the large family sizes that must be supported. This branch of economic activity by its nature can secure the future of only a limited number. The growth of tourism is also limited. It is difficult to secure sufficient enrollment for group tours to the Arctic, and customized tours do not bring much money to the area. Cruises contribute more to added value than other types of tours.
Given all of the above, the central task of the territorial leadership is the conciliation of tradition and modern life. Whether the exemplary Nunavut model of self-determination will be successful, finally depends on the question if there will be trained Inuit in sufficient numbers in the foreseeable future who will be able to provide leadership.
The backlog of education and training is still immense. Big opportunities will open for the Inuit to maintain their traditional culture and still live up to the claim of being members of a nation that embraces diverse cultures within a modern industrial country, but only if those responsible for Nunavut succeed in training executives in sufficient numbers for the immense tasks that are the consequence of creating a self-governed territory.

</doc>
<doc id="19166499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166499" title="Federal Zionism">
Federal Zionism

Federal Zionism or Zionist federalism is an appraisal of federalism within a Zionist or Israel-centric construct, whereby the state of Israel is reconceived as a federal nation-state with at least two sovereign divisions for both the Jewish-majority and Arab/Palestinian-majority areas. 
Binational structure.
While it may be similar in concept to the One-state solution and Isratine proposal, Federal Zionism focuses upon the entrenchment of the Jewish character and self-determination of the Jewish-majority component in such a federalized situation instead of an expanse of the Jewish population to a wider geographic area.
Federal Zionism may also call for the granting of certain jurisdictional powers of autonomy to regions within the State of Israel's Jewish majority areas, akin to the pseudo-federal structure of the Twelve Tribes of the ancient Israelites. For instance, one solution would be the partition of larger districts, such as South District, for the purpose of increased regional self-governance and self-responsibility.
The implications of a federalized binational structure could also result in a further demarcation between religious and secular populations in both ethnocultural communities, particularly as a result of prior withdrawal and self-segregation of more orthodox sects of Judaism from non-Orthodox 
populations.
Upper house.
At the national level, the result would likely be the creation of an upper house of elected representatives of either the first-level subdivisions of Israel or of upper house-specific electoral districts in the Knesset, and the inclusion of Palestinian non-voting delegates to the lower house, similar to the relationship structure between the Commonwealths and federal government of the United States through non-voting delegates.

</doc>
<doc id="19166503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166503" title="The Great Gatsby (opera)">
The Great Gatsby (opera)

The Great Gatsby is an opera in two acts written by American composer John Harbison. The libretto, also by Harbison, was adapted from the novel "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Additional popular song lyrics were by Murray Horwitz. The opera was commissioned by the Metropolitan Opera in honor of music director James Levine's 25th anniversary with the company.
Performance history.
"The Great Gatsby" had its premiere performance on December 20, 1999. Conducted by Levine, the cast included Jerry Hadley, Dawn Upshaw and Lorraine Hunt Lieberson. The stage production was by Mark Lamos. The opera has been performed at the Met twelve times in two seasons. In 2000 it was produced at Lyric Opera of Chicago. The opera has received mixed reviews, some describing it as "undramatic and dull." It was also performed in the summer of 2012 at the Aspen Music Festival and School.

</doc>
<doc id="19166561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166561" title="Minoru Ohira">
Minoru Ohira

Minoru Ohira (born 1950) is an artist who was born in Niigata, Japan. He received a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Kanazawa City Arts and Crafts College in 1975 and a Masters in Art Education from Tokyo University of the Arts in 1977. From 1979 to 1981, he continued his education at the Mexico National Institute of Art and then moved to California. Minoru is married to artist Echiko Ohira, with whom he has had numerous joint exhibitions. 
He creates sculptures from found materials, such as wood, slate, glass. Minoru is also known for his drawings of softly rounded shapes that incorporate unusual substances. The Hara Museum of Contemporary Art (Tokyo), the Honolulu Museum of Art, the Long Beach Museum of Art (Long Beach, California), the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the National Gallery of Thailand (Bangkok) and the National Museum of Art in Mexico are among the public collections holding work by Minoru Ohira.

</doc>
<doc id="19166579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166579" title="Goldrush Tour">
Goldrush Tour

The Goldrush Tour was a North American concert tour by Santogold, performed in support of her eponymous debut album. Sponsored by MySpace Music, it took place in September and October 2008.
The tour is the first that Santogold has headlined herself. She previously opened for M.I.A. on her KALA Back to P.O.W.A. Tour in 2007, and more notably, Coldplay on their Viva la Vida Tour in 2008. The tour spans fifteen dates in the United States of America, with one in Canada. Tickets for the tour went on sale September 3, 2008. Santogold will be performing with both a live band and a DJ. Kanye West's DJ A-Trak will open for Santogold from September 23 to September 27, while Mates of State will support Santogold from September 28 to October 14. Low vs Diamond perform with Santi for a number of the dates, while Plastic Little, Trouble Andrew, and The Ting Tings will make appearances at just one or two dates. The Goldrush Tour will be taken to Australia in January 2009.
Santogold also performs with the two backing dancers called SG-1s, who wear deadpan expressions and matching sunglasses. They occasionally provide backing vocals and synchronized dancing. Both girls are often in Santogold's music videos as well. One of the SG-1s is Moni-Jo, a musician, dancer and actress. The SG-1s however call themselves Agatha and Angus Gold.
Critical reception.
"The Boston Globe" said that Santogold "is built for theaters and maybe even arenas." Metro International agreed, saying "Santi White won't be opening for the likes of Coldplay again."
Santi was criticized for lipsyncing. Santogold does not always make use of her live band - one reviewer noted that "there is something mildly deflating about watching someone sing song after song backed not by actual people playing guitar, bass, and drums in the moment - right in front of us, right now - but rather the freeze-dried perfection of a digital recording of people playing guitar, bass and drums, somewhere else, a long time ago."

</doc>
<doc id="19166603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166603" title="Ihor Tistyk">
Ihor Tistyk

Ihor Tistyk (; born 27 May 1989 in Lviv) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for Ukrainian First League club MFC Mykolaiv.
He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19166620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166620" title="Memphis Car Audio">
Memphis Car Audio

Memphis Car Audio is an aftermarket audio equipment manufacturer which was founded in Memphis, Tennessee in 1964. They began business with 4-track tape players and mono speakers, under the "Arthur Fulmer Radios" brand, and then changed to Fultron in the 70's. Later they were leaders with aftermarket 8-track player category. They even offered a variety of CB's and a CB/AM radio combo. They were the first company to offer an aftermarket push button button FM radio. In the 90's the ARIA brand was born as their "high end line". In 1998, they re-branded to Memphis Car Audio to better reflect their roots in the "Home of the Blues and the Birthplace of Rock and Roll". It is one of the top selling and top performing car audio companies of today. It competes with other top companies such as; JL Audio, Kicker, etc. Memphis Car Audio has been voted "Best Overall" by Inside Track for the sixth year straight, more than any other car audio company ever in the 24 year history of the I.T. survey. In 2008 Mobile Electronics Magazine readers voted the MOJO the "best subwoofer ever" and the MC1.1100 the "best subwoofer amplifier ever" and continues to dominate the car audio market. Memphis Car Audio received the CES Innovations Awards in 2001 for the Memphis Belle Amplifier(known as the HYBRID), in 2004 for the Sync & M3 subwoofers and in 2009 for their Shallow Mount Subs (less than 3 inches deep).

</doc>
<doc id="19166623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166623" title="William T. Baker">
William T. Baker

William T. Baker (born December 23, 1956) is an American residential designer, and author.
Baker was born in Nashville, Tennessee. He graduated from Auburn University in 1979 with a BS in finance, then Emory University with an MBA. 
Mr. Baker founded an Atlanta-based firm, William T. Baker & Associates, in 1985 and has since opened a second office in Greenwich, Connecticut. He received the prestigious Arthur Ross Award for Architecture in New York City in 1993.
William T. Baker holds professional memberships in the The Institute of Classical Architecture & Classical America (ICA), the American Institute of Building Designers (AIBD), and the International Network for Traditional Building, Architecture & Urbanism (INTBAU).
Baker is also the author of "New Classicists", a book for architectural students and home design aficionados in the United States and Asia. In 2008, he published a second book, "Architectural Excellence in a Diverse World Culture", discussing the principles of architectural aesthetics. In 2011 he published the first of a new three part series titled "Great American Homes" featuring his most recent work. 

</doc>
<doc id="19166635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166635" title="Drum Tower of Xi'an">
Drum Tower of Xi'an

The Drum Tower of Xi'an (西安鼓楼), located in the heart of Xi'an in Shaanxi province of China, along with the Bell Tower it is a symbol of the city. Erected in 1380 during the early Ming Dynasty, it stands towering above the city center and offers incredible view of Xi'an. 
The Drum Tower got its name from the huge drum located within the building. In contrast to the Bell Tower, where bell was stricken at dawn, drum was beat at sunset to indicate the end of the day. 
On the Drum Tower's first floor, lies a hall which hangs many large drums. Each was decorated with intrinsic and beautiful Chinese writing, which symbolizes good fortune. The impressive arrays of drums are only on show and visitors are not allowed to touch any of them. But there is an extra drum near the front entrance where visitors can pose for pictures for a small fee. 
Inside the Drum Tower there is also a drum museum, where a variety of drums are on display, some of which can be dated back thousands of years. There is a drum show performed here every day. The top of the tower commands a panoramic view of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19166642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166642" title="1964 Liberty Bowl">
1964 Liberty Bowl

The 1964 Liberty Bowl was the first major college football bowl game ever played indoors, the first broadcast nationwide in the United States and the only one ever played in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States. It was played indoors at a temperature of 60°F on December 19, 1964 in front of a crowd of 6,059 at the Atlantic City Convention Hall (now known as Boardwalk Hall) which had already hosted events including the Boardwalk Bowl, Miss America Pageant, the 1964 Democratic National Convention that nominated Lyndon B. Johnson for President and one of The Beatles' largest concerts in their first American tour. 
The venue had been shifted to Atlantic City after the bowl was played for its initial five years outdoors in Philadelphia Stadium, often in temperatures below freezing. The inaugural Liberty Bowl in 1959 saw Penn State beat Alabama by a score of 7-0 in front of 38,000 fans. But it was downhill from there, and fewer than 10,000 were in attendance to watch the 1963 game between Mississippi State University and North Carolina State, with the organizers taking a loss of $40,000. The frigid temperatures at year's end in the Northeast led to the game being called the "Deep Freeze Bowl". Bud Dudley, organizer of the Liberty Bowl, was ready for a change and he was receptive to an offer from a group of Atlantic City businessmen who were trying to help revive the fading Jersey Shore resort that included a $25,000 guarantee.
The 1964 playing of the Liberty Bowl was the first major bowl game ever played indoors. Artificial turf was not in use yet, and the playing surface was a grass surface with two inches of burlap underneath it on top of cement. Artificial lights were installed and kept running all day long to keep the grass growing. The organizers spent $16,000 on all of the field preparations for the game. To squeeze the game onto the floor of the convention hall, the end zones at each side of the field were shortened to eight yards in depth from the regulation 10.
In the 1964 postseason, the Liberty Bowl was one of just eight major bowl games. The American Broadcasting Company agreed to broadcast the game nationally, and brought Paul Christman, Curt Gowdy and Jim McKay to announce the game, paying $95,000 for the rights to broadcast the first nationwide telecast of an indoor football game.
The Utah Utes (8–2) faced the . WVU's (7–3) regular season record included a 28–27 upset over the Sugar Bowl-bound Syracuse Orangemen in their final regular game of the season. West Virginia featured running back Dick Leftridge and Utah's offense featured All-American Roy Jefferson. Utah used their speed, and dominated West Virginia from start to finish and won 32–6. Utah Halfback Ron Coleman gained 154 yards on 15 carries, scoring a touchdown on a 53-yard run.
The 1964 Liberty Bowl would be the last played in the Northeastern United States; the game was moved to Memphis, Tennessee in 1965 and has continued to play in Memphis since then.

</doc>
<doc id="19166647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166647" title="Oleksiy Rodevych">
Oleksiy Rodevych

Oleksiy Rodevych (; born 11 August 1988 in Kolomyia, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder. He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19166674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166674" title="Barry Mansfield">
Barry Mansfield

Barry Mansfield is an English journalist. He was educated at Nottingham University. Mansfield has written for several publications, most notably The Daily Telegraph, The Times, CNBC European Business, Chief Executive Officer and Finance Director Europe.
In 2008 Mansfield was invited to become the chief technology editor for CNBC European Business. 

</doc>
<doc id="19166681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166681" title="Gérard Girouard">
Gérard Girouard

Gérard Girouard (born 27 March 1933 at Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada. He was a lawyer and professor of law by career.
The son of Joseph Girouard and Marie Roy, he was educated at the Séminaire de Mont-Laurier and the University of Ottawa, and practised law in Mont-Laurier. He was first elected at the Labelle riding in the 1963 general election as a Social Credit party candidate. On 23 April 1964, he left that party and joined the Progressive Conservative party caucus. After completing his term in the 26th Canadian Parliament, Girouard was defeated in the 1965 federal election at the Hull riding by Alexis Caron.
In 1955, he married Shirley Morgan.

</doc>
<doc id="19166698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166698" title="Kerry bog slides">
Kerry bog slides

The Kerry bogslides natural disaster occurred in the Maghanknockane area of Lyrecrompane, County Kerry, Republic of Ireland in August and September 2008. The original bogslide extended over four kilometres on 22 and 23 August destroying an estimated 10 hectares (25 acres) of bog, engulfing two bridges and led to the closure of a section of road; it was reported that it could take anything up to six months to fix the road. The plot of land owned by Moss Moore which inspired John B. Keane's play "The Field" escaped the disaster by only a couple of kilometres. Comparisons were drawn with the occurrence of an earthquake as it was claimed that a 30-metre (100 ft) wide section was missing from the hill. The event was likened to the 2003 Derrybrien landslide in County Galway.
A second bogslide occurred on 3 September 2008, blamed on heavy rain overnight which led to a "small slippage" of bog material. The slippage happened between two bridges, Harris and Scanlon, on a tributary of the Smerlagh River and again forced the closure of a local road.
Effects.
Kerry County Council officials spent an entire day creating diversions to stop the flow of peat from the first bogslide. A dam was created to direct the bogslide away from the path of a river. Up to 30,000 people in north Kerry were left without a water supply due to polluted watercourses and threatened reservoirs. A boil notice was placed on the local water supply. Several homes in a rural area between Tralee and Castleisland were cut off.
One environmental effect of the bogslide was a serious fish kill on the River Smearlagh. Thousands of "mature and juvenile" trout and salmon were killed in peat which had travelled over two miles (3 km) and was at a depth of eight to ten feet. Shannon Regional Fisheries Board officer, Lorraine O’Donnell, claimed that it could take "up to a decade" for the river and the spawning grounds to recover. Fisheries officers were unable to access to a tributary of the river, the Glashoreag. It was completely overwhelmed by the slide. The area was an important nursery for salmon and eels before the disaster.
Maurice Harrington and his wife Joan would normally have been collecting bags of turf but escaped from the disaster unharmed. Maurice's son, Mossie, first noticed the bog moving the day before. Maurice's other son, Patrick, assumed the bog movement he witnessed was due to poor eyesight. Maurice lost over €1,000 worth of turf in the disaster. Joan and Patrick moved out the next week.
Possible cause.
Residents in the area said that machinery on the site of a wind farm on nearby Ballincollig Hill might have contributed to the bogslide which was caused by heavy rain. Work had begun on the site two weeks prior to the disaster. Local residents had expressed concern about the possible risk of a landslide as far back as 2001 when initial planning permission was sought by Tralee-based Trá Investments for the windfarm. In July 2004 several people wrote to EU Commissioner for the Environment, Margot Wallström, to voice their concerns about the threat to protected birds of prey should the windfarm development proceed. With their objections over-ruled, the development was approved by An Bord Pleanála in June 2004. Trá Investments is to carry out an independent inquiry into the cause of the disaster.
Bog slides in literature.
Threatened by development, the peat bog that plays a starring role in "The Curse of the Wise Woman", a 1933 novel by Lord Dunsany, flips over completely.

</doc>
<doc id="19166699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166699" title="Andriy Hurskyi">
Andriy Hurskyi

Andriy Hurskyi (; born 30 August 1988 in Lviv) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who last time played for Belarusian Premier League club FC Gomel. He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19166725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166725" title="Picnic Island">
Picnic Island

Picnic Island is a small, privately owned, rocky island, with an area of about one hectare, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Schouten Island Group, lying close to the eastern coast of Tasmania near the Freycinet Peninsula. It is composed of sandstone overlying granite.
Picnic Island has recently been put on sale by its owner, with an asking price of $500,000 - $1 million.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin and Short-tailed Shearwater. The Spotted Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19166728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166728" title="David Forrest">
David Forrest

David Forrest may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19166735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166735" title="Uay">
Uay

UAY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19166742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166742" title="Riverside Parkway">
Riverside Parkway

The Riverside Parkway is a , five-lane limited-access road in the lower central business district of Grand Junction. Paralleling the Colorado River, it connects several of the major highways in the city, and has bike lanes in both directions. Billboards are not allowed within of the parkway.

</doc>
