<doc id="19354449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354449" title="James &quot;Squire&quot; Patton House">
James &quot;Squire&quot; Patton House

The James "Squire" Patton House is located along the brief overlap of NY 207 and 300 in New Windsor, New York, United States. It is on a five-acre (2 ha) parcel owned by the nearby city of Newburgh, used for police K-9 training.
It was built in 1790, although it is not known by whom. Patton, a prominent local farmer and landowner, bought the property as a young man a quarter-century later. It assumed its present form after several additions and renovations in the first 40 years of its existence. In 2008 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Property.
The house is a -story five-bay frame structure facing the road to the south, on a lot that slopes slightly up to and past it. Its front facade has four windows and a centrally located entranceway with wooden steps leading up to a covered porch. The raised foundation is of mortared fieldstone with some attempt at an ashlar pattern on the corners. The roof is a steeply pitched and gabled. Two brick chimneys rise from it.
A small stone lean-to was added on to the east at a later date. On the west are two exposed firebacks.
The interior has undergone more extensive renovation than the exterior, most recently for use as a police training facility. Beyond the room modified to serve as a classroom, many of the original finishes, the original plaster and decoration remains. The fireplace mantels have Federal style Tuscan colonettes with frieze and entablature, and the unusual rear-facing open-stringer staircase has a pyramidal newel post and oval handrails.
There are several contributing resources to the rear of the house. A two-story wooden barn is believed to date to 1880, and the remains of a stone smokehouse and another unidentified structure are nearby. The pattern of their stonework is similar to the lean-to on the east elevation, suggesting all three were built around the same time in the early 19th century. An old well and stone walls complete the original farmstead property.
History.
At the time of its original construction, the house was a more modest structure, less deep and less wide. In the early 19th century, it is believed, the house was expanded to its present size and the first floor reconfigured more in keeping with the Federal style houses beginning to come into style. Some traces of this expansion can still be seen on both the interior and exterior.
Patton, who had been born and raised a short distance away, bought the house and surrounding farmland that was to eventually reach by 1830, possibly in 1825. He married around that time and began the house's last remodeling, adding the Federal decorative touches inside and other changes to make it a better hom for his growing family. He distinguished himself in the Newburgh-area business community, helping to establish two banks, and served in several town offices. In 1860 his holdings were valued at $20,000 ($ in 2008 dollars).
His son William returned to the farm with his own family in 1880 to help his aging father. By 1900, after the older man's death, William and the family and their servants had returned to Montgomery Street in Newburgh. He still owned the farm, but his workers lived in the house.
James Patton's land were slowly subdivided and sold in the early years of the 20th century. By the time the city of Newburgh acquired the land as part of the expansion of its Lake Washington reservoir to the north, only were left. Eventually the city converted it to its present use as a police training facility.
Aesthetics.
Colonial-era houses in the Hudson Valley often strongly reflect either English or Dutch building traditions, sometimes combining both, as in the Bull Stone House in nearby Hamptonburgh. After independence, the Dutch-style stone houses faded from popularity in favor of more traditional English styles, which the Patton house largely reflects. The -story height, however, is a Dutch style, perhaps the only one that continued to be in use.

</doc>
<doc id="19354465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354465" title="Variations of pink">
Variations of pink

This article is about notable tints and shades of the color pink. These various colors are shown below.
Computer web color pinks.
Pink.
At right is displayed the web color pink.
Light pink.
At right is displayed the web color light pink. The name of the web color is written as "lightpink" (no space) in HTML for computer display.
Although this color is called "light pink", as can be ascertained by inspecting its hex code, it is actually a slightly deeper, not a lighter, tint of pink than the color pink itself. A more accurate name for it in terms of traditional color nomenclature would therefore be "medium light pink".
In the handkerchief code of the gay leather subculture, wearing a light pink bandana means that one is into dildo play.
The color at right matches the color that is used in the bandana code.
Hot pink.
At right is displayed the web color hot pink. The name of the web color is written as "hotpink" (no space) in HTML for computer display.
Deep pink.
At right is displayed the web color deep pink. The name of the web color is written as "deeppink" (no space) in HTML for computer display.
Other notable pink colors.
Champagne pink.
Displayed at right is the color champagne pink.
The source of this color is the "Pantone Textile Paper eXtended (TPX)" color list, color #12-1107 TPX—Champagne Pink.
Pink lace.
At right is displayed the color pink lace.
The color name "pink lace" for this pale tone of rose pink has been in use since 2001, when it was promulgated as one of the colors on the Xona.com Color List.
This color is suggestive of the color of some women's lingerie.
Piggy pink.
The color piggy pink is displayed at right.
The color "piggy pink" is a representation of the color of a pink pig. 
The color "piggy pink" was formulated by Crayola in 1998.
The color was originally called pig pink, but later the name was changed to "piggy pink". 
Pale pink.
At right is displayed the color pale pink, a light, desaturated shade of pink.
Baby pink.
At right is displayed the color baby pink, a light shade of pink.
The first recorded use of "baby pink" as a color name in English was in 1928.
The source of this color is: ISCC-NBS Dictionary of Color Names (1955)--Color Sample of Baby Pink (color sample #28)
In Western culture, "baby pink" is used to symbolize baby girls just as baby blue is often used to symbolize baby boys. (See the section "Pink in gender" in the main article on pink.) This is a recent tradition, however, and until the 1940s the convention was exactly the opposite: pink was used for boys while girls were dressed in blue.
Spanish pink.
Spanish pink is the color that is called "Rosa" (the Spanish word for "pink") in the "Guía de coloraciones" ("Guide to colorations") by Rosa Gallego and 
Juan Carlos Sanz, a color dictionary published in 2005 that is widely popular in the Hispanophone realm.
Cameo pink.
At right is displayed the color cameo pink, a medium light tone of rose pink.
The first recorded use of "cameo pink" as a color name in English was in 1912.
The source of this color is: ISCC-NBS Dictionary of Color Names (1955)--Color Sample of Cameo Pink (color sample #249)
Orchid pink.
Displayed at right is the color orchid pink.
The source of this color is the "Pantone Textile Paper eXtended (TPX)" color list, color #13-2010 TPX—Orchid Pink.
Cherry blossom pink.
At right is displayed the color cherry blossom pink.
The first recorded use of "cherry blossom pink" as a color name in English was in 1867.
Cherry blossom pink is an important color in Japanese culture. In the spring, the Japanese people gather to watch the cherry blossoms bloom during the Hanami festival. This custom has spread to the United States with the institution of the Cherry Blossom Festival in Washington, D.C.
Cherry blossom pink colored shirts are often worn to work on the 15th of September (a day a few days before the beginning of spring in the Southern Hemisphere) to celebrate "Cherry Blossom Day" in Brisbane, Australia.
Light hot pink.
At right is displayed the color light hot pink.
This is the color "hot pink light" on the Xona.com Color List.
Lavender pink.
At right is displayed the color lavender pink. 
This pinkish tone of lavender, displayed at right, is the color designated as "lavender" in the list of Crayola crayon colors.
Cotton candy.
The color cotton candy is displayed at right.
The color "cotton candy" was formulated by Crayola in 1998.
Carnation pink.
Displayed at right is the color carnation pink. Carnation pink is a color that resembles the flower color of a carnation plant. It is a shade of pink. The color as displayed here was formulated by Crayola in 1949, and appears in Crayola's boxes of 16, 24, 32, 48, 64 and 96 colors.
The first recorded use of "carnation" as a color name in English was in 1535.
Baker-Miller pink.
Baker-Miller Pink is a tone of pink that was originally created by mixing one gallon of pure white indoor latex paint with one pint of red trim semi-gloss outdoor paint. It is named for the two US Navy officers who first experimented with its use in 1979 at the Naval Correctional Facility in Seattle, Washington at the behest of researcher Alexander Schauss. The color is also known as Schauss pink, after Alexander Schauss' extensive research into the effects of the color on emotions and hormones, as well as P-618 and Drunk-Tank Pink.
Results of the use of this color to paint the interiors of correctional institutions has been mixed. Some prisoners have been calmed by the color, but others have been agitated and disturbed by it.
Tickle me pink.
The color tickle me pink is displayed at right.
The color "tickle me pink" was formulated by Crayola in 1993.
Amaranth pink.
The color amaranth pink is displayed at right. This color is a representation of the color of pink amaranth flowers.
The first recorded use of "amaranth pink" as a color name in English was in 1905.
Charm pink.
The color charm pink is displayed at right.
The color name "charm pink" first came into use in 1948.
The source of this color is the "Plochere Color System", a color system formulated in 1948 that is widely used by interior designers.
"Charm pink" is a medium roseish tone of pink that is used in interior design.
China pink.
The color China pink is displayed at right.
The color name "China pink" first came into use in 1948.
The source of this color is the "Plochere Color System", a color system formulated in 1948 that is widely used by interior designers.
Tango pink.
The color tango pink is displayed at right.
Another name for this color is tango.
The first recorded use of "tango pink" as a color name in English was in 1925.
The source of this color is the "Plochere Color System", a color system formulated in 1948 that is widely used by interior designers.
Congo pink.
The color Congo pink is displayed at right.
The first recorded use of "Congo pink" as a color name in English was in 1912.
The source of this color is: ISCC-NBS Dictionary of Color Names (1955)--Color Sample of Congo Pink (color sample #26)
"Congo pink" is an orangeish tone of pink.
Pastel pink.
The color pastel pink is displayed at right.
The source of this color is: ISCC-NBS Dictionary of Color Names (1955)--Color Sample of Pastel Pink (color sample #5)
New York pink.
At right is displayed the color New York pink.
The color name "New York pink" for this dark tone of pink has been in use since 2001, when it was promulgated as one of the colors on the Xona.com Color List.
Solid pink.
At right is displayed the color solid pink.
The color name "solid pink" for this extremely dark tone of pink has been in use since 2001, when it was promulgated as one of the colors on the Xona.com Color List.
Silver pink.
The color silver pink is displayed at right.
The color name "silver pink" first came into use in 1948.
The source of this color is the "Plochere Color System", a color system formulated in 1948 that is widely used by interior designers.
Queen pink.
The color queen pink is displayed at right.
The color name "queen pink" first came into use in 1948.
The source of this color is the "Plochere Color System", a color system formulated in 1948 that is widely used by interior designers.
Pink lavender.
The color pink lavender is displayed at right. 
The source of this color is the "Pantone Textile Paper eXtended (TPX)" color list, color #14-3207 TPX—Pink Lavender.
Mountbatten pink.
Mountbatten pink, also called Plymouth pink, is a naval camouflage color, a grayish tone of mauve, invented by Louis Mountbatten of the British Royal Navy in autumn 1940 during World War II.
Pink (Pantone).
Displayed at right is the color called "pink" in Pantone. 
In Pantone, this color is designated as "Pink U". 
The source of this color is the "Pantone Textile Paper eXtended (TPX)" color list, color #U—Pink.
Dark pink.
In the bandana code of the gay leather subculture, wearing a dark pink bandana means that one is into tit torture.
Mexican pink.
Mexican pink is a color that is used in clothing such as serapes and in the craft and fine art of traditional Mexican culture.
"Mexican pink" became known as such through the efforts of the journalist, painter, cartoonist and designer fashion Ramón Valdiosera in the mid-1940s.
Another name for this color in English is Mexican rose.
For more detailed information about this color, see the Spanish Wikipedia article on this color, which is called in Spanish "Rosa Mexicano": :es:Rosa mexicano.
Barbie pink.
The color Barbie pink is displayed at right.
Pantone 219C is the official color of all things Barbie, used in logos, packaging, and promotional materials. 
The hex code of Pantone 219C is E0218A.
Fandango pink.
Displayed at right is the color fandango pink.
The source of this color is the "Pantone Textile Paper eXtended (TPX)" color list, color #17-2033 TPX—Fandango Pink.
Paradise pink.
Displayed at right is the color paradise pink.
The source of this color is the "Pantone Textile Paper eXtended (TPX)" color list, color #17-1755 TPX—Paradise Pink.
Brink pink.
The color brink pink was formulated by Crayola in 1998.
French pink.
At right is displayed the color French pink, which is the tone of pink that is called "pink" (French: "rose") in the Pourpre.com color list, a color list widely popular in France. 
Bright pink.
Bright pink is a maximally saturated tone of pink that is another name for the color rose.
In most Indo-European languages, the color that in English is called "pink" is called "rosa"; therefore, the color that is called "rose" in English is called "bright" rosa in most European and Latin American countries (using whatever adjective in a particular language means "bright" in that language).
Persian pink.
The color Persian pink is displayed at right. 
The first recorded use of "Persian pink" as a color name in English was in 1923.
Rose Pink.
The first recorded use of "rose pink" as a color name in English was in 1761.
Light deep pink.
At right is displayed the color light deep pink.
This is the color "deep pink light" on the Xona.com Color List.
Ultra pink.
Ultra pink is a Crayola crayon color formulated in 1972. In 1990 the name was changed in error to "shocking pink"; however, properly speaking, the name "shocking pink" should be reserved for only the original shocking pink formulated by Elsa Schiaparelli in 1937 (shown below).
Shocking pink.
Shocking pink is bold and intense. It takes its name from the tone of pink used in the lettering on the box of the perfume called "Shocking", designed by Leonor Fini for the Surrealist fashion designer Elsa Schiaparelli in 1937. The color shown at right matches the color of the lettering on the original box.
This in turn was inspired by the Tête de Belier (Ram's Head), a 17.27ct pink diamond from Cartier owned by heiress Daisy Fellowes, who was one of Schiaparelli's best clients.
Shocking pink kept its name in British English, whereas in North America "This intense magenta was called "shocking pink" in the 1930s, "hot pink" in the 1950s, and "kinky pink" in the 1960s... has appeared in the vanguard of more than one youth revolution...to some it sings, to others it screams". This color is now again called "shocking pink" to distinguish it from the web color hot pink (shown above).
NHRA drag racer Shirley Muldowney was famous for driving a shocking pink dragster.
On its way into the German language, shocking pink lost the "shocking" and is called only "Pink"; the color that is called "pink" in English is called "rosa" in German as it is in most other Indo-European languages. A similar situation happens in Portuguese, but its nomenclature may also arrive intact, becoming "rosa-choque" ("shocking pink"), used more frequently in Brazil. Brazilians may also call all darker and hot tones of pink "rosa-pink", albeit it is obviously ambiguous and discouraged.
Super pink.
Displayed at right is the color super pink.
The source of this color is the "Pantone Textile Paper eXtended (TPX)" color list, color #17-2625 TPX—Super Pink.
Steel pink.
The color steel pink is displayed at right.
The color "steel pink" was introduced by Crayola in January 2011, when the Ultra Hot and Super Cool set of Crayola colored pencils was fully introduced.
"Steel pink" is a deep tone of magenta.

</doc>
<doc id="19354494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354494" title="Edgar Culbertson">
Edgar Culbertson

Coast Guardsman - Boatswain Mate First Class (BM1) "Ed" Edgar A. Culbertson, 32, of Ferndale, Michigan, born October 13, 1935 lost his life on April 30, 1967 while trying to rescue three teenagers in Duluth, Minnesota. He was a Korean War Veteran, and had served in the Coast Guard since 1952.
Rescue.
The rescue crew had been stationed at the U.S. Coast Guard Station in Duluth, Minnesota. Three teenage brothers were seen on the north pier break wall of the Duluth entry during a horrific storm. Meteorologist and Minnesota residents often refer to this day as "Black Sunday," describing the fierce 1967 Southern Minnesota tornado outbreak, with reports of heavy rain as far north as Duluth that day. The waves on Lake Superior in Duluth were reportedly over 20 feet high at times that night; the lake had 36 degree water with gale force winds gusting up to 45 MPH.
BM1 Edgar Culbertson, along with two other Coast Guardsmen; Boatswain Mate 2nd Class Richard R. Callahan, 21, of Cicero, Illinois; and Fireman Ronald C. Prei, 21, of St. Francis, Wisconsin braved the storm and ventured out along the pier in search of the missing teenagers. A witness reported seeing the teenagers caught in the storm on the pier while one of the boys was swept over the side by a large wave. Local resident and friend of Ed Culbertson, Captain Tom Mackay, recalled the evening of this infamous storm as being so windy and rough it blew the chimney down on the Mackay house which was a few miles from the north pier break wall of the Duluth entry and farther down Park Point (Minnesota). 
The three rescuers tethered themselves together with a rope spaced 25’ apart and began searching the pier with a lantern. They struggled through the storm to the end of the pier, but did not find the missing boys who had already been swept over the side themselves before the Coast Guardsmen could save them. As the team of rescuers shuffled back along the pier to safety another large wave crashed into the team, knocking BM1 Edgar Culbertson over the side and away from the others. He was soon found on the beach by his shipmates but it was too late, he had been killed trying to save lives. 
A permanent marker, honoring the brave acts of BM1 Edgar Culbertson, was placed on the pier by the Lake Superior Maritime Visitor Center near the spot where Culbertson perished. Culbertson is one of only two Coast Guardsmen to have died in the line of duty while serving in Minnesota on Lake Superior, the other was EN3 Keith Brubaker who fell overboard and perished on July 11, 1967 while serving the Station North Superior in Grand Marais, Minnesota. 
The original bronze plaque was erected later that year after Culbertson gave his life to the vicious storm. However, in the early 1980s the plaque was removed when the pier was widened and reinforced. Captain Tom Mackay, then a Captain for the Vista Fleet and President of the International Shipmasters Association (ISMA) Twin Ports Lodge #12 realized the plaque had not been reinstalled after the improvements. Fearing that his friend, and fellow sailor would be forgotten forever, Mackay rallied those at the ISMA to help him locate the plaque and have it reinstalled. Shortly after, fellow members of the ISMA found the plaque in storage and it was reinstalled on the new pier so BM1 Edgar Culbertson could continue to be memorialized as the only known member of the United States Coast Guard to lose his life in Duluth in service to his country and community of Duluth, Minnesota.
BM1 Edgar Culbertson was posthumously awarded the Coast Guard Medal as well as BM2 Richard R. Callahan, FN Ronald C. Prei who were also awarded the Coast Guard Medal. The Coast Guard Medal is the highest peace time medal awarded in recognition of heroism. At the time, it had only been awarded to 44 people before this event.
Coast Guard Medal citation.
For heroism on the evening of April 30, 1967 while engaged in searching for two teen-age boys reportedly stranded at the Duluth Entry North Breakwater Light, Minnesota. Twin 16-year old boys and a 17-year old brother had been seen running along the jetty challenging the 10 to 15-foot waves when witnesses observed a huge wave sweep one boy into the water. When two boys were reported stranded at the light, Petty Officer CULBERTSON and two comrades volunteered to attempt the rescue. Lashing themselves together, the three men proceeded, with hand lanterns as the only illumination, to the end of the breakwater. Despite the high waves, winds gusting to 40 knots, driving rain and 36 degree water, the rescue party diligently searched the breakwater and light but found no trace of the boys. While returning to the beach a 20-foot wave swept Petty Officer CULBERTSON off his feet and hurled him up to and over the breakwater parapet into the sea. Despite the strenuous efforts of his teammates, Petty Officer CULBERTSON perished in this gallant rescue attempt. His outstanding courage, intrepidity, initiative, and unselfish actions were in keeping with the highest traditions of the United States Coast Guard.
National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial.
Petty Officer Edgar Culbertson has been selected for inclusion on the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington, DC during National Police Week in May 2010. Culbertson will be the 17th member of the United States Coast Guard to receive this honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19354526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354526" title="China Sourcing Fairs">
China Sourcing Fairs

The China Sourcing Fairs are trade fairs organized by the business-to-business trade media company Global Sources. At such events, suppliers and buyers come together to network and do deals from April to December each year.
The China Sourcing Fairs are organized by Global Sources, a business-to-business trade media company that connects exporters from Asia and buyers from all parts of the world. Many buyers want to meet suppliers face-to-face before committing to buying a new product in bulk. The trade blog "memotrek.com" explains:
“In-depth assessment and due diligence can only be achieved after having gained first-hand experience of the strengths and weaknesses of each of the suppliers by being able to look back upon business relationships with a rich order history.” 
Under the umbrella label of China Sourcing Fairs are separate fairs held throughout the year. These specialized fairs are Baby & Children's Products, Fashion Accessories, Electronics & Components, Gifts & Home Products, Hardware & Building Materials and Underwear & Swimwear.
The China Sourcing Fairs are usually held at:
Participation.
Each specialized fair attracts around 50,000 attendees and exhibitors occupying more than 1,000 booths. Exhibitors hail from mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea and Asia's other major supply markets. Occasionally there are suppliers from other regions.
The fairs organize events and services including keynote speeches and forums by industry experts, conferences on better sourcing tips, private discussion areas and free transport to hotels or airports. Exhibitors sometimes organize on-site visits to their factories in mainland China, direct from the fair grounds.
One of the most popular fairs, China Sourcing Fair: Electronics & Components, was sold out for the October 2008 exhibition six weeks before the actual event. 
In post-show reports exhibitors have praised the China Sourcing Fairs as focused and effective, matching them with buyers from Europe, South America, Israel and Russia. 
Product lines.
These are the product lines covered by the Sourcing Fairs:
Baby & Children's Products
Fashion Accessories
Electronics & Components
Gifts & Home Products
Hardware & Building Materials
Underwear & Swimwear

</doc>
<doc id="19354602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354602" title="Thrippara Shiva Kshetram">
Thrippara Shiva Kshetram

A famous Shiva temple in Vallicode village, Pathanamthitta District, Kerala, India. This temple is located on the banks of the Achankovil river. The main sanctum sanctorum here is situated in the open directly above the temple ghats. This makes it a bit different from other temples in this area.
See also.
The temple have a history back to 800 Years.
for more details Please contact Mr.Sudheer.(Mob-09447472565)

</doc>
<doc id="19354638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354638" title="Andrew Lockyer">
Andrew Lockyer

Andrew Alan Lockyer (born 7 July 1965) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the West Coast Eagles in the VFL/AFL during the late 1980s and early 1990s. 
Lockyer was a member of West Coast's inaugural VFL season and made his debut in the same match as David Hart. He began his career as a forward, but shifted during his second season to defence and established himself as part of a champion backling in 1991. He played in West Coast's 1991 Grand Final side which lost to Hawthorn, but after that was quickly discarded by Eagle selectors when the team underachieved early in 1992.
Before and after his career with the Eagles, Lockyer played in the WAFL as a forward for East Fremantle, winnings premierships in 1985, 1992 and 1994, and kicking fourteen goals in one match against Perth in 1995. He later coached their underage team and won the 2007 JJ Leonard Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19354654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354654" title="Krull ring">
Krull ring

In commutative algebra, a Krull ring or Krull domain is a commutative ring with a well behaved theory of prime factorization. They were introduced by . They are a higher-dimensional generalization of Dedekind domains, which are exactly the Krull domains of dimension at most 1.
In this article, a ring is commutative and has unity.
Formal definition.
Let formula_1 be an integral domain and let formula_2 be the set of all prime ideals of formula_1 of height one, that is, the set of all prime ideals properly containing no nonzero prime ideal. Then formula_1 is a Krull ring if and only if
Properties.
A Krull domain is a unique factorization domain if and only if every prime ideal of height one is principal.
Let "A" be a Zariski ring (e.g., a local noetherian ring). If the completion formula_10 is a Krull domain, then "A" is a Krull domain.
The divisor class group of a Krull ring.
A (Weil) divisor of a Krull ring "A" is a formal integral linear combination of the height 1 prime ideals, and these form a group "D"("A"). A divisor of the form div("x") for some non-zero "x" in "A" is called a principal divisor, and the principal divisors form a subgroup of the group of divisors. The quotient of the group of divisors by the subgroup of principal divisors is called the divisor class group of "A".
A Cartier divisor of a Krull ring is a locally principal (Weil) divisor. The Cartier divisors form a subgroup of the group of divisors containing the principal divisors. The quotient of the Cartier divisors by the principal divisors is a subgroup of the divisor class group, isomorphic to the Picard group of invertible sheaves on Spec("A").
Example: in the ring "k"["x","y","z"]/("xy"–"z"2] the divisor class group has order 2, generated by the divisor "y"="z", but the Picard subgroup is the trivial group.

</doc>
<doc id="19354730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354730" title="2008–09 FIS Snowboard World Cup">
2008–09 FIS Snowboard World Cup

The 2008–09 FIS Snowboard World Cup is a multi race tournament over a season for snowboarding. The season began on September 6, 2008, and finished on 22 March 2009. The World Cup is organized by the FIS who also runs world cups and championships in cross-country skiing, ski jumping, nordic combined, alpine skiing and freestyle skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="19354761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354761" title="César Mercado">
César Mercado

César Mercado (born October 25, 1959) is a retired Puerto Rican marathon runner. He competed for his native country in the men's marathon at the 1984 Summer Olympics, finishing in 31st place. He set his personal best in the classic distance (2:17.31) in 1982.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19354796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354796" title="Amajić">
Amajić

Amajić () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Mali Zvornik municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbers 186 people (2002 census), of which 184 are Serbs.

</doc>
<doc id="19354811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354811" title="Dean Irving">
Dean Irving

Dean Irving (born 1 September 1966) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles and Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s. 
Irving, who came to West Coast from South Fremantle, played as a ruckman. He was one of four debutantes for West Coast in the opening round of the 1990 season, with two of them; Dean Kemp and Peter Matera, going on to have highly successful careers.
His best season came in 1991 when he played 25 games, including the 1991 AFL Grand Final, and gathered 10 Brownlow votes. He could only manage a single appearance in each of 1992 and 1993 and crossed to Melbourne to continue his career. At Melbourne he again struggled to make the seniors and retired in 1997.
He returned to Western Australia and won a Simpson Medal in 1998 for his performance in an interstate match against South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19354826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354826" title="Levy Li">
Levy Li

Levy Li Su Lin (Li (李)素琳) (born October 20, 1987 ) a Malaysian of mixed Chinese and Thai descent, is the winner of Miss Malaysia Universe 2008 and represented Malaysia in the Miss Universe beauty pageant held in Vietnam, in June 2008. Levy is a student, model, spokesperson and entrepreneur. 
Levy graduated in 2004 from SMK Subang Utama and pursued a Bachelor degree in Communications, majoring in Broadcasting at Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman Malaysia. 
In 2009, Levy is the first Malaysia's beauty queen to further her studies at Harvard Extension School in Boston, Massachusetts. Due to her interest with the current global crisis, she passionately chose to major in environmental studies. During the summer of 2009, Levy completed a digital film making and acting course in New York Film Academy and also learned the art of improvisation through Improv Asylum North End, Boston training center.
Levy started off her career as a professional celebrity model and spokesperson after her success in winning Miss Malaysia Universe title which is her first participation in a beauty pageant. Levy is actively involved with Malaysia International Fashion Week, Stylo, MODA and featured in many international and local magazines. 
In 2008, Levy was appointed as Wacoal Malaysia ambassador and in 2009, Levy was appointed as Shiseido Malaysia ambassador. 
In 2009, Levy directed and acted as the main cast in several short films produced in the United States. In 2010, Levy hit the runway in Boston, Massachusetts with Christian Siriano, DKNY and Yigal Azrouel Spring Summer collections. 
Levy is in the running to be nominated as the young entrepreneur because at the age of 18, Levy strike on her first start up in online fashion business in Malaysia. In June 2010, Levy is working on her second start up with 3 other fellow Harvard Business School students in Malaysia. This start up is a social enterprise project, Chauffeur Safe which will be launch in Kuala Lumpur. Further details will be updated prior to any news availability.

</doc>
<doc id="19354857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354857" title="Brasina">
Brasina

Brasina () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Mali Zvornik municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village has a Serb ethnic majority with a population of 1,663 (2002 census).

</doc>
<doc id="19354876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354876" title="SMK Lembah Subang">
SMK Lembah Subang

SMK Lembah Subang (also known as Subang Valley High School) is a coeducational secondary school, located in Petaling Jaya, Malaysia near Kelana Jaya that was established in 2004. It is situated close to the Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport.
School identity.
SMKLS is named after Lembah Subang, a road in Petaling Jaya.
Their motto is "Ilmu Asas Kecemerlangan" which means "Education is the key for success". The school's vision is "Menjadi Sekolah Berkesan Ke Arah Membentuk Murid Bestari" which translates as "An effective school producing smart students".
School song.
Putra putri wawasan,
falsafah diamalkan,
jadi insan seimbang,
bina bangsa gemilang.
Gagah gigih berjuang,
bimbingan yang berkesan,
jati diri dijuak,
kita warga perkasa.
Amal teguhkan iman,
berakhlak bertakwa,
restu ayah dan bonda,
berbakti berjasa.
Luhur budi pandai bijaksana,
pekerti mulia,
rajin usaha capai cita -cita,
kerana ilmu asas kecermelangan,
kerana ilmu asas kecermelangan.
School sport activity.
There are four sport houses which comprises all students from Forms One through Five. The sport houses have no names and all the students just call each according to its colour :
-SMKLS Sport Houses 2009- 
School's prefect community.
The first prefect head school is Nur Shuhada bt Jani. She has ruled the prefect community for only one year. She became a leader of the prefect community in 2007 when she was 15, the year that she took her PMR and she received an excellent result and due to that fact. On the new year of 2008, she transferred to a boarding school in Johor, Malaysia. Due to that, her place has been taken by Erma Yana bt Yahya. She ruled the prefect community for a year and a half. She started to lead the community since 2008 and stopped in May 2009 because she is facing a big exam, SPM. Because of that, her place was taken by her assistant, Nomi Juliana bt Redzuan Min.
In the middle of the year, the second assistant, Halimaton Sa'adiah, resigned because of her medical problem. So that formed the new chart organisation :
When the new year has arrived, they formed a new chart organisation since the Vice President of the Prefect Community, Nur Amirah Farhanah bt Nazri has moved to another school ; 
In the middle of the year 2009, they again have to form a new chart organisation since all the form 5 prefect resign from the duties due to the preparation for facing the major exam,Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia(SPM) :
As tradition, form 5 prefect will step down to prepare for SPM. This led to the new organization :
Classes.
The students are divided into the class. Each of the classes are named after the horoscope, names of the zodiac :

</doc>
<doc id="19354878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354878" title="Thirteens (album)">
Thirteens (album)

Thirteens is an album by Leona Naess, released in the U.S. on 16 September 2008 by Verve Forecast Records, and released in the UK on 11 May 2009 by Polydor Records.
The album was influenced by the death of Naess’s father, Arne Næss, Jr., in a mountaineering accident in January 2004. Naess returned to London from New York City and eventually began writing and recording songs with music producer Samuel Dixon. Naess recorded with almost no budget, asking friends to contribute, and completed thirteen albums’ worth of material. Eleven songs were selected for the release, titled "Thirteens". Described as "a sweet and poignant collection" by "New York" magazine, much of the album deals with the onset of maturity. The album consists of first takes, which were then overdubbed.
A digital download of the album available on the iTunes Store includes a bonus track featuring singer-songwriter Ryan Adams; an exclusive edition available through retailer Barnes & Noble includes two bonus tracks. The UK release includes two bonus tracks unavailable on previous releases of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19354884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354884" title="Second Floor Center Hall (White House)">
Second Floor Center Hall (White House)

The Center Hall is a broad central hallway on the second floor of the White House, home of the President of the United States. It runs east to west connecting the East Sitting Hall with the West Sitting Hall. It allows access to the elevator vestibule, East and West Bedrooms, the Grand Staircase, Yellow Oval Room, the first family's private living room, and the president's bedroom.
In the early 20th century, William Howard Taft decorated the hall with exotic plants and art he had brought with him from his tenure as Governor-General of the Philippines. Later, Woodrow Wilson watched motion pictures here as the present White House theater was still a cloakroom.
Furnishings include an American manufactured painted wood Neoclassical suite including a settee, six armchairs and four side chairs that once belonged to President James Monroe. The suite was reupholstered in a wool and silk velvet faux tiger print during the administration of George W. Bush and moved to the Center Hall from the Yellow Oval Room. Also in the room is a Louis XVI mahogany cylinder desk acquired for the Red Room during the administration of President John F. Kennedy. A pair of bronze French Empire caryatid torchères from Château de Malmaison were originally acquired for the Blue Room by Kennedy decorator Stéphane Boudin.

</doc>
<doc id="19354885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354885" title="Budišić">
Budišić

Budišić () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Mali Zvornik municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbers 249 people (2002 census), of which 247 are Serbs.

</doc>
<doc id="19354886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354886" title="Maxwell's Executors v. Wilkinson">
Maxwell's Executors v. Wilkinson

"Maxwell's Executors v. Wilkinson", , was a writ of error brought by the executors of a former collector of the port of New York to reverse a judgment in an action brought against him by the defendant in error to recover duties paid by them on imported iron.
Justice Gray delivered the opinion of the Court:

</doc>
<doc id="19354898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354898" title="HD 130948">
HD 130948

HD 130948 or HP Boötis is a variable star with 2 brown dwarfs in the constellation Boötes. It has a stellar classification of G1V, which means it is a main sequence star with a mass and surface temperature that are similar to the Sun. The estimated age of this star is also similar to the Sun at 4.7 billion years (Gyr) old, but it has a lower proportion of elements (63%) other than hydrogen or helium. However, a separate study in 2009 gave a much younger age of and a higher metallicity that is very similar to the Sun.
In 2002 a pair of co-orbiting brown dwarfs were discovered in orbit around this star. They were found using an adaptive optics instrument on the Gemini North 8m telescope in Hawaii. The pair have a 10-year orbital period about the primary star, and their combined mass is 10.9% of the Sun's mass.
The space velocity components of this star through the Milky Way galaxy are = .

</doc>
<doc id="19354918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354918" title="Siyəzən, Beşdam">
Siyəzən, Beşdam

Siyəzən (also, Siazan’, Karasiyazen, Karasiazan’, and Kafasiyazen) is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Beşdam.

</doc>
<doc id="19354926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354926" title="Velika Reka">
Velika Reka

Velika Reka () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Mali Zvornik municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village has a Serb ethnic majority with a population of 476 (2002 census).

</doc>
<doc id="19354934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354934" title="Polly Scattergood">
Polly Scattergood

Polly Scattergood (born 18 October 1986, Colchester, Essex, England), is a British singer-songwriter. She has been described as ethereal, dark, intense and quirky, while her musical style has been described as "early 21st century electro-dance-pop of London proper". Scattergood's debut album, self-titled, was released in spring 2009 in the United Kingdom and United States. It received mixed, but generally positive, reviews.
Early years.
Scattergood grew up near Colchester, the eldest of three siblings with two younger brothers.
Her first memory of making music was playing a toy piano when she was aged four. Aged 12, having listened to Suzanne Vega's song "Luka", Scattergood concluded, "Music doesn't have to be strident to carry a strong message" and "That you don't have to shout. You can say things and people will listen if they want to." She has stated she would often listen to Leonard Cohen as a teenager.
Aged 16 she moved to London. She took part-time work on a market stall to pay her way through music school.
Musical career.
Despite misunderstanding in the press, her name Scattergood is her family name. It means "here today, gone tomorrow" or "spendthrift waster".
Scattergood attended the Brit School where she wrote 800 songs. After graduation she caught the attention of music industry executive Neil Ferris who took on her management. Ferris then introduced Scattergood to Daniel Miller head of Mute Records. He led her to her current producer Simon Fisher Turner. 
Scattergood describes herself as a storyteller. "I write about emotions and moments, not all are biographical." Scattergood's debut single entitled "Glory Hallelujah" was released in 2005. Her September 2007 single "Nitrogen Pink" is about the fragility of life and how quickly things come and go. It was written about "a friend of a friend who was really sick from cancer, this young guy who was only 30 and had a great, happy life but was slowly deteriorating". The single "I Hate the Way" which was written on a toy keyboard was released on 22 September 2008 on both limited edition 10 inch vinyl and iTunes. The song has been described as documenting her emotional instability and penchant of going to bed with unsuitable men.
On 10 November 2008, Scattergood was a guest on the Rob Da Bank show where three of her songs were played ("I Hate The Way", "Untitled 27" and "Nitrogen Pink"). Da Bank called her "The Kate Bush of the 21st century". On 28 November, she played an acoustic set on the Janice Long show ("I Hate The Way", "Please Don't Touch" and "I've Got A Heart"). When asked about her discovery of music, she replied, "I found a guitar when I was about 12, in the coat cupboard, it had maybe 3 strings on it ... I just taught myself".
On 7 March 2009 Scattergood gave a live studio session on the BBC Radio 2 Dermot O'Leary show. Her cover version of "Puff, the Magic Dragon" proved to be popular with listeners, introducing many for the first time to the artist.
In 2012 she remixed the M83 song Reunion.
In 2013 she remixed 'You Will Find A Way' by Maps.
Debut album.
"Polly Scattergood" was released 9 March 2009 in the United Kingdom. and on 19 May in the United States. 
"Other Too Endless" was released as a single from the album on 23 February 2009. It was named "record of the week" on the Steve Lamacq show. The download version features a remix by Vince Clarke who is a member of Erasure, ex Yazoo and ex Depeche Mode. iTunes made it 'Single of the Week' on 30 March 2009. "Please Don't Touch" was her fourth single, released on 4 May 2009. She then re-released "Nitrogen Pink" and released "Bunny Club" as singles.
Second studio album.
Scattergood released her second album, Arrows, on 22 October 2013. The album consists of 10 songs, including the singles, "Wanderlust" and "Cocoon", as well as a reworked version of the previously available song, "Silver Lining".
Touring.
February 2009 saw Scattergood playing several clubs and hosting her own club night. According to her MySpace page Scattergood is on a United Kingdom club tour which will conclude on 19 April. She is scheduled to play a Dublin, Ireland club date on 21 April followed by festival appearances at "Live at Leeds", "The Great Escape", and Bestival. She accompanied Bat for Lashes at the iTunes Live Festival on 19 July 2009. An EP of the iTunes performance was released in August 2009 on iTunes. She supported Amanda Palmer in September 2009 at Union Chapel, Islington.
Scattergood recently supported Mute stablemates Goldfrapp at the Summer series 2013 concerts at Somerset House, London on 20 July 2013.
Other pursuits.
Scattergood is using her MySpace to advocate for a campaign to protest a proposal by a London Council member to remove a work by graffiti artist Banksy entitled "one nation under cctv" from Ginglik at Shepherds Bush Empire.
Scattergood and her friends post small art films to her MySpace page and YouTube.
Scattergood also recorded a new rendition of the song "New York, New York" for the first teaser trailer of the 2011 video game "Crysis 2".

</doc>
<doc id="19354935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354935" title="Blood cockle">
Blood cockle

Anadara granosa (also known as "Tegillarca granosa") is a species of ark clam known as the blood cockle due to the red haemoglobin liquid inside. It is found throughout the Indo-Pacific region from the eastern coast of South Africa northwards and eastwards to Southeast Asia, Australia, Polynesia, and up to northern Japan. It lives mainly in the intertidal zone at one to two metres water depth, burrowed down into sand or mud. Adult size is about 5 to 6 cm long and 4 to 5 cm wide. 
It has a high economic value as food, and it is kept in aquaculture. Just on the coast of Zhejiang Province alone, blood cockle plantations occupy around 145,000 "mu" (about 100 km2) of mudflats. These clams are raised in the river estuaries of the neighboring Fujian Province as well.
It is served steamed, boiled, roasted, or traditionally raw. 

</doc>
<doc id="19354950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354950" title="Right Now (Leon Jackson album)">
Right Now (Leon Jackson album)

Right Now is the first album by Scottish singer Leon Jackson, released on October 20, 2008, via Syco Music and Sony BMG. It was produced by Steve Mac. Jackson described the album as "a mixture in styles of modern jazz with singer-songwriter elements, and a lot of it is really soulful." "Right Now" received mixed reviews although the single, "Don't Call This Love", which was released as the album's second single in October 2008, entered the UK Singles Charts at number three. 
"Right Now" was a commercially successful album for Jackson, debuting within the top five. To date, the album has sold 130,000 copies in the UK, becoming Gold certified by the BPI.
Background and release.
The first single from the album, "Don't Call This Love", was released on 12 October 2008. Jackson made a guest appearance on the fifth series of "The X Factor" the night before, to perform the single. "Don't Call This Love" peaked at #3 in the United Kingdom and #8 in Ireland.
"Right Now" was released 21 October 2008. It debuted at number 7 on the Ireland Top 75 in the week of 23 October 2008, remaining on that chart for a total of five weeks. It debuted at #4 on the UK Top 40 Albums chart for the week of 26 October 2008. The following week, it was at #20 on the chart, and the week after that, was at #37. The following week, it slipped out of the Top 40, but remained in the UK Top 75 chart for six additional weeks.
The next two singles from the album, "Creative" and "Stargazing", were released as download-only singles. "Creative", which was released in November 2008, peaked at #94 on the charts for the week of 29 November, 2008. "Stargazing" was released in January 2009, but failed to make any impact on the charts. The album reportedly only sold 130,000 copies. On March 19, 2009, it was confirmed that Leon Jackson was dropped by his label, Syco/Sony, after poor sales of his album and the lack of success of his most recent singles.
The album was recorded from 2007–2008 under the direction of Simon Cowell, head of the Syco/Sony BMG record label, and under the production of producer Steve Mac. In an episode of the Bebo series from Jackson "Leon's Life", one episode shows Jackson recording the track "All in Good Time" and how the original high note towards the end of the song was changed to a lower key note because Jackson could not reach the high note well enough on the original version of the song. The album was completed in 2008 and released on October 20, 2008. The single was available to download from midnight after the result of the show on December 15, 2007, and a CD was rush-released mid-week, on December 19, 2007. This is unusual as most new singles are released on a Monday to gain maximum sales for the UK Singles Chart the following Sunday. Exceptions included the previous two "X Factor" winners whose singles released in this fashion, in order for them to compete to be the Christmas number-one single, which they all became. A video for the single was made by each of the final four of the series, Jackson, Rhydian Roberts, Same Difference and Niki Evans. However, only the winner's version of the song and video was released. 
The song ended 2007 as the year's fourth biggest-selling single in the UK and remained number one into 2008. However, this version of the song only managed to stay in the top 40 for seven weeks, despite being at the top of the chart for three weeks. It soon disappeared from the top 100, and was gone by late February.
Promotion.
In December 2007, to help promote "Right Now" and the single "When You Believe", Jackson performed on various UK television shows such GMTV, "This Morning" and "The X Factor".
After one year recording "Right Now", Jackson debuted his new material. His first performance of this was on "The X Factor", in which he sang "Don't Call This Love". Jackson also later appeared on the first show of the fifth series as the "Celebrity Guest". The song was also performed on GMTV along with another track from the album, "You Don't Know Me". "Don't Call this Love" entered the United Kingdom chart at #3, behind Pink's "So What" and Peter Kay's "The Winners Song". In Ireland, the song debuted at #8.
Jackson performed the album's third single, "Creative", on the 2008 televised Children in Need, broadcast in November. The single only entered the chart at #94 in the United Kingdom.
The album's fourth single, "Stargazing", failed to chart in the United Kingdom. The failure of this single was attributed to low promotion. Jackson was dropped by his record label in March 2009.
Singles.
"When You Believe" was released as the winner's single in December 2007. Like many "X Factor" winner singles, it entered the United Kingdom chart at #1, staying there for 3 weeks, and #1 in Ireland. The song was gone from the charts by early February 2008. The single sold 490,000 copies. The single was available to download from midnight after the result of the show on December 15, 2007, and a CD was rush-released mid-week, on December 19, 2007. This is unusual as most new singles are released on a Monday to gain maximum sales for the UK Singles Chart the following Sunday. Exceptions included the previous two "X Factor" winners whose singles were released in this fashion, in order for them to compete to be the Christmas number-one single, which they all became. A video for the single was made by each of the final four of the series: Jackson, Rhydian Roberts, Same Difference and Niki Evans. However, only the winner's version of the song and video was released. 
The song ended 2007 as the year's fourth biggest-selling single in the UK and remained number one into 2008. However, this version of the song only managed to stay in the top 40 for seven weeks, despite being at the top of the chart for three weeks. It soon disappeared from the top 100, and was gone by late February. "Don't Call This Love" was released in October 2008.
"Creative" was released in November 2008 as the album's third single. To promote the track Jackson appeared on the BBC Children in Need 2008 show performing the song as an "exclusive" as this was the first time Jackson had performed it. The song entered the UK Singles Charts at #94.
"Stargazing" was released in February 2009, but did not reach the United Kingdom official chart. Yet again the song was only available via digital download. Jackson did not appear on any TV show to promote the single, nor was any music video created for the song. The song had a lack of promotion by Sony BMG. After "Stargazing" failed to chart, Jackson was dropped. The BBC commented on Stargazing:
While the lyrics for Star Gazing may be rather saccharine - rhyming "star gazing" with "amazing", is a bit too much to take - the pace and structure, (along with all-important key change) makes it pretty special - which can be said about all the tracks here.
Reception.
"Right Now" received mixed reviews. Digital Spy rated the album two out of five, saying "Jackson doesn't do a bad job, wrapping his warm, smooth vocals around a succession of beige ballads, classics that are too old for him (Leon Russell's 'A Song For You', Dorothy Moore's 'Misty Blue', Ray Charles's 'You Don't Know Me') and the odd uptempo big band number. But other than sounding surprisingly manly for a slight 19-year-old and singing in a Scottish accent for the first time on the album's penultimate track, he doesn't make much of an impression. He's rarely asked to test his range and there are few glimmers of personality across Right Now's 50 minutes."
A reviewer for the BBC said: "Oh, this album has all the ingredients of something many would love to hate: it's by an X Factor winner and it's in the style of Harry Connick Jr, Michael Buble, and all those Irish man-bands' tributes to Frank, Tony etc. It's also taken over a year since Leon's first single to come up with, so many will be saying "Leon who?". It's a brave move in the openly cynical world of the nationwide talent contest to expect those sitting on the sofa to remember one year's winner to the next, but it's paid off. Looking rather older and sporting suspiciously photoshopped cheekbone chisels, the cheeky chappy's voice is also surprisingly mature and smooth as a baby's... He's surrounded by equally slick orchestration, which is light of touch and spaciously balanced. Incredibly, given that most tracks are ballads, underpinned by piano with soaring violins, the album neatly avoids overblown territory, which must be credited to Jackson's vocal control, never over-singing. Opener and first single Don't Call This Love is complete with chimes and full of force, though it's not certain that it's charismatic enough to knock Peter Kay’s Winner's song off the top spot."

</doc>
<doc id="19354967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354967" title="Voljevci">
Voljevci

Voljevci () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Mali Zvornik municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbers 719 people (2002 census), of which 702 are Serbs.

</doc>
<doc id="19354995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354995" title="Hakubunkan">
Hakubunkan

Hakubunkan Shinsha's primary business is now publication of various diaries, journals, and day planners, especially those from the era of the original Hakubunkan company.
Hakubunkan is not related to the Osaka school teaching materials company Hakubun.
History.
In 1887, founded the company in Yumi, Hongō, Tokyo (now part of Hongō, Bunkyō, Tokyo). The company was named after Itō Hirobumi, based on an alternate pronunciation of his given name. Hakubunkan began publishing the magazine in 1887 as well. One of the most famous stories to appear in the magazine was (also known as "The Golden Demon") by Ozaki Kōyō, who based two of the characters in the play on (son of the founder of the company) and Tomiyama Tadatsugu. 
Hakubunkan then established Tōkyōdō (the predecessor of Tōkyōdō Shoten and Tohan Corporation) in 1891. The following year, Tōkyōdō moved to Hongoku, a neighborhood of Nihonbashi in Tokyo (now located in Chūō). In 1893, Tōkyōdō became a domestic and foreign news agency. At the beginning of 1895, Hakubunkan began publishing the general interest magazine . The Hakubunkan Printing Office (predecessor of Kyodo Printing) was then established in 1896. 
To celebrate its fifteenth anniversary, Hakubunkan opened the free private (now the Sankō Library) on June 15, 1902. The library is located in the Shiba Park neighborhood of Minato Ward in Tokyo.
Due to the Great Kantō earthquake in 1923, the building which housed the headquarters of Hakubunkan was destroyed by fire, and the company relocated to the Tozaki area of Koishikawa, Tokyo (now part of Bunkyō Ward). After the magazine "Taiyō" ceased publication in 1927, Hakubunkan continued to operate in the red, finally splitting into three companies in 1948: Hakuyūsha, Kōyūsha, and Kōbunkan. Hakuyūsha began using the Hakubunkan name again in 1949 before changing it again to Hakubunkan Shinsha in 1950.
Magazines.
Hakubunkan has published many magazines, including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19355015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355015" title="Donja Borina">
Donja Borina

Donja Borina () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Mali Zvornik municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population was 1,731 in 2002.
About village.
Donja Borina consists of two major settlements Batar and Andraca. For any of them they do not know exactly how they got the name. Batar is much more urban than Andraca, there is a church, primary school, post and cultural center, where is the local administration. 
Andraca is a part of the village where people are mostly deal with agriculture, limekiln and selling of timber. Other hamlets are: Dedinje, Stojanovici, Petkovici, Kikanovici, Pavlovici, Filipovici, Lepenica and Gucevo.
Popular Places.
Certainly the most attractive part of the village is located near the Drina river, along which there are two restaurants, an old and new Ribarski.
Better known is a new one which started in the 1976 and was an unavoidable stop for all those who have journeyed to the sea. His real name is the restaurant "Mladica" and got the name because there is the kind of fish Huchen and it is a real trophy to all fishermen. Old Ribarski was renovated in 2000 and now is a pizza restaurant "La Bella."
Other restaurants : "kod Micuke", "kod Milisava", "kod Crnogorca", "Stella" and restaurant "Drinska stena"

</doc>
<doc id="19355047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355047" title="Karuah River">
Karuah River

Karuah River, an open semi-mature tide dominated drowned valley estuary of the Great Lakes system, is located in the Mid North Coast and Hunter regions of New South Wales, Australia.
Course and features.
Karuah River rises on the southeastern slopes of Gloucester Tops of the Great Dividing Range, below The Mountaineer, southwest of Gloucester, and flows generally southeast and south. joined by eleven tributaries including the Telegherry, Mammy Johnsons, and The Branch rivers, before reaching its mouth within Port Stephens at Karuah, and then flows out to the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean. The river descends over its course.
Etymology.
Initially named Clyde by Lachlan Macquarie, the use of the Aboriginal name became prevalent subsequently.

</doc>
<doc id="19355066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355066" title="Essendon Fields, Victoria">
Essendon Fields, Victoria

Essendon Fields is a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 11 km north-west of Melbourne's central business district. Its local government area is the City of Moonee Valley. 
Essendon Fields comprises the Essendon Airport and surrounding commercial areas. The suburb was formerly gazetted on 14 August 2008 under the Geographic Place Names Act.
Essendon Airport is owned by Linfox and is the site of the Linfox Logistics Global Head Office.

</doc>
<doc id="19355084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355084" title="Benjamin Moukandjo">
Benjamin Moukandjo

Benjamin Moukandjo Bilé (born 12 November 1988) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a forward for Nancy in Ligue 1.
Background.
Born in Cameroon.
Career.
He began his career in Kadji Sports Academy and in 2006, he moved to Stade Rennais. In September 2008 he was loaned out to L'Entente SSG. His contract with Rennes runs until 30 June 2010 and he terminated him to sign for Nîmes on 31 August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19355102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355102" title="Radalj">
Radalj

Radalj () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Mali Zvornik municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The population of the village is 2,497 (2002 census) and it has an overall Serb ethnic majority.

</doc>
<doc id="19355105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355105" title="Ann Kobayashi">
Ann Kobayashi

Ann Kobayashi (April 10, 1937) is a politician and businesswoman from Honolulu, Hawaii. She is a member of the Honolulu City Council, representing District 5. She previously held the same City Council seat between 2002 and 2008, but resigned from the seat to unsuccessfully run for Mayor of Honolulu against incumbent Mufi Hannemann. She was also a member of the Hawaii Senate between 1981 and 1994.
Personal life.
Ann Kobayashi was born April 10, 1937, in Honolulu to Mori and Florence Hayashi. She grew up with her brother Roy Hayashi near Punchbowl Crater, later moving with her family to Nu‘uanu Valley.
Kobayashi graduated from President Theodore Roosevelt High School before attending Pembroke College in Brown University and Northwestern University.
She was married to Paul Kobayashi until their divorce, and has three children.
Political career.
From 1981 to 1994, Kobayashi represented the Manoa area in the Hawaii Senate. During that time, she was chairwoman of the State Senate's Ways and Means Committee for two years. In 1994, Kobayashi ran for Mayor of Honolulu but lost. In 1997, she was the Executive Assistant to Mayor Jeremy Harris, and from 1997 to 2002 she worked in the State Executive office as a Special Assistant to Governor Ben Cayetano.
In 2002, Kobayashi successfully ran for Honolulu City Council District 5. She gave up her council seat in 2008 when she again ran for Mayor of Honolulu. She lost the election, and her council seat was won by Duke Bainum, who ran unopposed. Bainum, however, died on June 9, 2009, leaving the council seat vacant. The special election that was held resulted in Kobayashi being declared the winner on August 8 with more than 37 percent of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19355119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355119" title="Rolf Gardiner">
Rolf Gardiner

Henry Rolf Gardiner (5 November 1902 – 1971) was an English rural revivalist, helping to bring back folk dance styles including Morris dancing and sword dancing. He founded groups significant in the British history of organic farming. He sympathized with Nazism and participated in inter-war far right politics.
Early life.
He was born in Fulham, London and brought up when young mostly in Berlin. He was educated at West Downs school from 1913, Rugby School, and then at Bedales School. He was a student at St John's College, Cambridge, where he was a member of the Kibbo Kift youth group. 
Initially he was a youth leader, involved in exchanges with Germany. He was heavily influenced in the 1920s by D. H. Lawrence; he visited Lawrence in Switzerland in 1928, and has been called his first genuine "disciple". 
At this period he was also much concerned with English folk dance, and convinced morris dance revivalist Mary Neal that morris was an essentially masculine form. He founded the Travelling Morrice in 1924, with Arthur Heffer, having taken a team of English dancers to Germany in 1922, and in 1923 met a few of the surviving dancers while walking in the Cotswolds with the poet Christopher Scaife. Gardiner was not, however, a founder of the Morris Ring, set up in 1934.
Landowner.
He took over Gore Farm in Dorset, bought by Henry Balfour Gardiner in 1924, from 1927, and continued what became a large-scale forestation project, based on training he had received at Dartington Hall, with conifers and beech trees. Here he set up a support group, the Gore Kinship.
He married Marabel Hodgkin in 1932; she was the daughter of the Irish fabric designer Florence Hodgkin. In 1933 he and Marabel bought the estate at Springhead, near Fontmell Magna, Dorset. They developed the Springhead Ring as a crafts network, as well as farming the estate and developing forestry operations. It also hosted much musical activity. The rural writer John Stewart Collis spent a year after the Second World War working for Gardiner, thinning a 14 acre ash wood on the estate; this formed the material for his 1947 book "Down to Earth".
The family owned tea-growing estates in Nyasaland (now in Thyolo District, Malawi), known as the Nchima Tea and Tung Estate, of which Gardiner became chairman. Gardiner was active in the 1950s in dealing with colonial officials, with a view to conserving the underlying land. He had written about erosion in Nyasaland and Uganda already in the 1930s, in the "New English Weekly". The Estate became the Springhead Trust in 1962.
Politics of the far right.
He was editor of the magazine "Youth" from 1923, when still a student. It had been founded in 1920, and at that point was left-leaning and supported guild socialism. In Gardiner's time it became internationally oriented and Germanophile, and his own political interests turned to Social Credit. He also published articles by John Hargrave with whom he had associated in the Kibbo Kift. After its split from the Woodcraft Folk, Kibbo Kift was in transition, "en route" for the Social Credit Party of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("Green Shirts"). 
It has been suggested that Gardiner moved from the ideas of guild socialism and social credit, current in the circle of A. R. Orage, towards a search for a masculine brotherhood, through his involvement in the "folk revival". His views of folk music and dance have been called "fundamentalist". In any case he took up with and formed small groups, rather than political organisations.
Gardiner later broke with Hargrave, of whom Lawrence disapproved. In 1929 Gardiner was writing with approval in the "Times Literary Supplement" of the "Jugendbewegung" (German Youth Movement) and its anti-scientific outlook. He debated the German Youth Movement in 1934 with Leslie Paul, in the pages of "The Adelphi". 
In a series of publications from 1928 he articulated racial theories (Baltic peoples versus Mediterranean peoples) and the need for national reversals of "impoverishment" of the stock. It has been said that he was an "ecocentric" looking for a united and pagan England and Germany, and a supporter of Nazi pro-ruralist policies. He expressed anti-Semitic views from 1933, writing first in German. His thinking moved from a belief in the honest value of work, to connection and belonging, and ultimately to a Germanic Blut und Boden vision of the holy soil.
He was a member of the English Mistery, and then of the English Array, formed in 1936. Writing in the Array's "Quarterly Gazette", Gardiner was an apologist for German "leadership" in Central Europe, dictatorships, and "racial regeneration". He later wrote for the periodical "New Pioneer" set up in December 1938 by Lord Lymington and John Beckett, as a pro-German and anti-Semitic organ.
After World War II, he kept in touch with Richard Walther Darré, an SS man and NSDAP agriculture minister of the Nazi era.
Kinship in Husbandry.
In 1941 he formed with H. J. Massingham and Gerald Wallop, Lord Lymington the "Kinship in Husbandry", a group of a dozen men with an interest in rural revival. It was a precursor organisation of the Soil Association, which was set up in 1946. Original members were: Adrian Bell, Edmund Blunden, Arthur Bryant, J. E. Hosking, Douglas Kennedy, Philip Mairet, Lord Northbourne, Robert Payne and C. Henry Warren. The group first met in Edmund Blunden's rooms at Merton College, Oxford, in September 1941. They drew ideas from agricultural experts: Albert Howard, Robert McCarrison, George Stapledon and G. T. Wrench. Other members included Laurence Easterbrook and Jorian Jenks. In official eyes, this grouping or think-tank was treated with less suspicion than its correlated far-right political organisations. It had some effect on agricultural policy, particularly in relation to self-sufficiency. It also had an impact on the thinking of the Rural Reconstruction Association founded in 1935 by Montague Fordham, and the Biodynamic Association.
Family.
His father was Alan Henderson Gardiner, the Egyptologist. His mother Hedwig, née von Rosen, was Austrian, though with a Jewish father and Swedish-Finnish mother. Margaret Gardiner, mother of Martin Bernal, was his sister. The composer Henry Balfour Gardiner was his uncle (the folk-song collector George Barnet Gardiner, with whom Balfour Gardiner worked, was however not a relation). The conductor John Eliot Gardiner is his son. The artist Howard Hodgkin is another grandson of Florence Hodgkin.

</doc>
<doc id="19355123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355123" title="Alice Van-Springsteen">
Alice Van-Springsteen

Alice Van-Springsteen (July 12, 1918 – September 13, 2008) was an American stuntwoman. 
Born as Alice Grace van der Veen in California, she debuted in rodeo at the age of 13 in 1932 at the Los Angeles Coliseum. She was a friend of Dale Evans and served as Evans' stunt double through most of her career. She was a stunt double for Elizabeth Taylor in "National Velvet". Other actresses for whom she stunt doubled on film or television include: Barbara Stanwyck, Marion Davies, Lois January, Jane Wyman, Judy Canova, Gail Davis, Dennie Moore, Dorothy Revier and Linda Evans. 
Her first film stunt work came in 1935, in Will Rogers' last movie "In Old Kentucky". She had performed during the opening ceremony at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. She also rode as a jockey, becoming the third woman ever to receive a trainer's license for thoroughbred horses. 
Death.
She died of pneumonia on September 13, 2008, aged 90, at Point Loma Convalescent Hospital.
Family.
Alice van der Veen married film director Robert "Bud" Springsteen (died 1989) in the 1940s. The couple's only child, Norman Springsteen, died in 1970. Alice Van-Springsteen was survived by her granddaughter, Darcy Segobia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19355124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355124" title="Culine">
Culine

Culine () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Mali Zvornik municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population was 389 in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19355126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355126" title="Jerry Smith (motorcyclist)">
Jerry Smith (motorcyclist)

Jerry Smith, (born November 26, 1927 and currently living in Hedrick, Iowa), was an American motorcycle racer from 1945 to 1999 who has been inducted into the Motorcycle Dealer’s Hall of Fame. Smith is also a former professional Flat Track racer and author of the nonfiction book "Into the Heart of Africa". 
Smith competed in a variety of racing events from Flat Track races and long Enduro Runs to Demolition Derbies, closed circuit Sprint Car races, and many others. He kept racing into his mid-70s, winning championships and competing in treacherous enduro races such as the Colorado 500, which he rode 16 times until he was 72 years old.
In 1971 and again in 1972, Smith rode a touring motorcycle from Iowa to Colombia through Central America with his wife, Josefina Martinez Smith, on the back. During these expeditions Smith was placed in a Nicaraguan Jail in Managua and narrowly escaped the near total demise of Managua by earthquake that December. During that same trip, Smith and Josefina barely escaped an exploration of the Irazu Volcano and were held at gunpoint in El Salvador until Josefina convinced the gunmen she and Smith were of no threat. These were some of many motorcycle travels taken throughout the world earning Smith an award for one of the Highest Lifetime Mileage on a motorcycle. Every trip an adventure and every adventure was off the beaten path. 
In 1975, Smith was one of three riders who went over 8000 miles diagonally across the continent of Africa on motorcycle, including the Sahara Desert and the Congo Jungles. During this journey, Smith became one of the few explorers to have seen an Okapi in the wild and managed to take three photographs of the Okapi. In chapter 32 of his book "Into the Heart of Africa" he describes the Okapi in detail. Smith describes the Okapi as having half its body with shiny black and white stripes (on its rear and legs) and stood approximately 5½ feet tall at the shoulder. He further describes this animal as a member of the giraffe family and states that he saw them located at about 2 degrees North and 27 degrees East in a valley in Zaire, and was told of more Okapi in the Virunda Mountains. Smith has one of his pictures of the animal on page 171 of his book and another on his website (registered with the United States Library of Congress, Catalog Card Number: 00-906603).

</doc>
<doc id="19355147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355147" title="West Sitting Hall">
West Sitting Hall

The West Sitting Hall is located on the second floor of the White House, home of the President of the United States. The room is entered from the second floor Center Hall on the east side of the room. The room features a large lunette window on the west wall looks out upon the West Colonnade, the West Wing, and the Old Executive Office Building. The room is used by first families as a less formal living room than the Yellow Oval Room. 
White House architect James Hoban's initial 1793 plan and 1814 reconstruction design both placed a double Imperial stair form here, with a single stair rising from the ground floor at the terminus of the Cross Hall and dividing to two stairs returning double runs to the east in the present space. Hoban's original plan was not built as designed, as Thomas Jefferson engaged Benjamin Henry Latrobe in 1803 to reverse the orientation of the stair. Latrobe's alteration placed a double run on either side rising from the west to a landing on the east and a single run returning west to the second floor.
Alterations in 1869 simplified the stair moving it along the north side of the space and allowing a sitting area to the south. Presidents and first ladies would descend to the Cross Hall below during state dinners and official entertaining. 
The room was mainly just a grand staircase until President Ulysses Grant had it remodeled, allowing for sitting space by the nearby window.
The 1869 staircase was removed during the administration of Theodore Roosevelt as part of a reconfiguration of the White House by architect Charles Follen McKim. McKim's plan removed the west stairway entirely creating room for a much enlarged State Dining Room and moved the ceremonial stair to site of the present Grand Staircase.
Eleanor Roosevelt, who screened the area off from the Central Hall, particularly enjoyed it. In the subsequent Truman reconstruction, architects enclosed the hall with solid partitions and created a living room. At that time, the kitchen elevator was extended to this floor, and the door opened into this room; the Kennedy restoration rerouted it into the little hall when the room to the north was converted into the Family Kitchen. During the Truman reconstruction the east wall was rebuilt to include framed double doors allowing the room more privacy.

</doc>
<doc id="19355149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355149" title="Albert Whelan">
Albert Whelan

Albert Whelan (5 May 1875 – 19 February 1961), was an Australian popular singer and entertainer, who was prominent in the English music hall during the first half of the 20th century.
Like his exact contemporary and fellow music-hall artist Florrie Forde, Whelan was born in Melbourne, Australia, in 1875. Early in his career, Whelan moved to Western Australia, where he found fame as a singer and dancer, entertaining the miners working the gold fields. At the turn of the 20th century, he emigrated to Britain, making his debut in a novelty dance act at the Empire, Leicester Square. He rapidly honed his act, and settled on a style which would vary little over his career, although his ability to update the content of his act ensured his career was both long and successful, lasting well into his eighties. Whelan was acknowledged as one of the first entertainers to have a signature tune, appearing on-stage (and exiting at the end of his act) whistling Robert Vollstedt's waltz from "Die Lustige Brüder" (The Jolly Brothers). Immaculately dressed in bow-tie and tails, he sang, danced and played the piano. He was an excellent mimic, and adapted easily to changing vocal styles. 
His recording career spanned the first half of the 20th century, from "The Whistling Bowery Boy" in 1905 to his final recordings made in 1960. He also had minor roles in a number of British films of the 1930s and 1940s.
He was the subject of "This Is Your Life" in 1957 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews at the BBC Television Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19355156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355156" title="Joe Schriner">
Joe Schriner

Joe Schriner (born March 3, 1955) is an American politician and journalist. He has run as an independent write-in candidate for President of the United States in four consecutive election cycles. He ran in 2000, 2004, 2008, and 2012. He received 27 write-in votes nationally in 2000, 142 votes in 2004, and 82 votes in 2008.
Schriner and his family estimate that they have traveled over 85,000 miles. Since 1991, he has done extensive cross-country research for an expansive set of position papers. Schriner has been featured in some 2,000 newspapers, 175 regional network TV news shows, and hundreds of radio shows. He has written three books: "Back Road to the White House", "America's Best Town" and "America's Best Town 2". Schriner bills himself as an "average Joe concerned parent from the Midwest."

</doc>
<doc id="19355166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355166" title="GCA Games Convention Asia">
GCA Games Convention Asia

GCA GAMES CONVENTION ASIA is a major video game exhibition in the Asia-Pacific region. It consists of a public exhibition and a conference where the various players in the video game industry network and interact with each other, while showcasing their latest products and services to the public. Games Convention Asia serves as an entryway for companies trying to enter the Asian interactive entertainment market.
The concept behind the convention consists of four pillars: exhibition, business centre, matchmaking area, and GC Asia Conference. The GC Asia Conference allows developers and industry experts to exchange knowledge and know-how in panels and lectures and grow their international networks of business connections.
The event takes place over four days at the Suntec Singapore International Convention and Exhibition Centre in Singapore (September 17–20, 2009) and is organized by LMI Asia Pte Ltd., a subsidiary of Games Convention organizer, Leipziger Messe. In April 2008, LMI Asia Pte Ltd was founded in Singapore as an affiliate of LMI GmbH.
It was announced in March 2010 that the convention will no longer be held beginning from 2010 due to a low demand.
About Games Convention Asia.
Games Convention Asia consists of the Students' Day, the public exhibition and the Games Convention Asia Conference (GCAC).
Students` Day & Career Fair: 
The Public Exhibition: 
Games Convention Asia Conference (GCAC): 
Background.
Founded in 2007, the GCA Games Convention Asia is a business platform for developers, publishers, distributors, manufacturers and service providers of the games industry in Singapore and the Asia-Pacific region. It focuses on interactive entertainment, infotainment, edutainment, hardware and the latest server technologies. Besides showcasing the latest in computer games and hardware, it also features information on the world of entertainment, media education and various stage events (e.g. Cosplay – Singapore Finals 2009).
The theme for the Games Convention Asia is 'Inspire Yourself'.
In 2008 the GCA attracted more than 92,000 visitors and 118 exhibitors on a total gross area of 7,500 sqm, in addition 630 delegates and 75 speakers took part at the GC Asia Conference.
2008 Convention Speakers.
Full list of GCAC 2008 Speakers is available at the GCA website.
GCA 2010 Cancelled.
In March 2010, Leipziger Messe announced that due to the overall economic climate, it would not hold the convention in 2010. The company did not rule out returning to Asia with the convention, stating in a press release that they "will continue to keep an eye on the Asian games market".

</doc>
<doc id="19355182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355182" title="Love vs. Money">
Love vs. Money

Love vs. Money is the second studio album by American recording artist The-Dream, released on March 10, 2009, by Radio Killa and Def Jam Recordings. It is the follow-up to his 2007 debut "Love Hate" and was written and produced primarily by The-Dream and creative partner Christopher "Tricky" Stewart. Recording sessions for the album took place at several recording studios, including Chung King Studios in New York City and Studio at the Palms in Las Vegas.
Expanding on its predecessor's R&B aesthetics, the album incorporates elements of electro and pop music. With the album, The-Dream sought to amplify the dynamics of his debut album. "Love vs. Money" features recurring themes of seduction, rejection, and money. Music writers have noted the album for its layered musical elements, sonic quality, sexual subject matter, and clever lyrics.
The album debuted at number two on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 151,000 copies in its first week. It spent 17 weeks on the chart and, as of May 2009, it has sold 331,000 copies in the United States. The album produced four singles that reached the "Billboard" charts, including "Rockin' That Shit", "Walkin' on the Moon" and "Sweat It Out". Upon its release, "Love vs. Money" received general acclaim from music critics and was listed by publications as amongst the best albums of 2009.
Background and recording.
The album is the follow-up to The-Dream's gold-certified debut album, "Love Hate" (2007). He re-teamed with his production partner Christopher Stewart, who produced most of the tracks on the album, and Los Da Maestro. He also enlisted the help of Lil Jon for the song "Let Me See the Booty". He initially stated that he had collaborated with Ludacris and Fabolous, however they failed to appear on the final track listing. At an album listening event, a song booklet was given showing the album's initial track listing, including the unreleased "Touch & Feel" and "Nothing but Love". Rappers Kanye West and singer Mariah Carey both appear on the album as guest features.
Recording sessions for the album took place at Chung King Studios and Legacy Recording Studios in New York, with additional recording done in Las Vegas, Nevada, Malibu, California, and Triangle Sound Studios in Atlanta, Georgia. The album's packaging features photography by Joseph Cultice.
Music and lyrics.
Primarily an R&B album, "Love vs. Money" incorporates elements of electro and pop music, while its lyrics concern themes of love, sex, and money. The production incorporates elements such as broad synthesizer lines, punchy drumbeats, and computerized vocals. Its musical structure features the "stream-of-consciousness" song transition of The-Dream's debut album "Love Hate". Alex Macpherson of The Quietus characterizes the album as "a palindromic song cycle of seduction, rejection, recrimination and ultimately – maybe – validation", writing that "as on "Love/Hate", the tension between the character The-Dream likes to project – the cocky, preening, slightly lecherous lothario – and the reality of who he is – a slightly bug-eyed chump – proves fruitful." Macpherson views the album's centrepiece, its two title tracks, as a "stürm und drang" turning point for The-Dream's character, in which he mulls over a disastrous relationship. Jordan Sargent, critic for PopMatters, mused on The-Dream's approach to composition:
"The Washington Post"s Allison Stewart writes that the album "cribs heavily from vintage R. Kelly in the same way its predecessor... "Love Hate", borrowed from "Purple Rain"-era Prince". The track "Kelly's 12 Play" references R. Kelly's 1993 album "12 Play". Writer Piero Scaruffi views "Love vs. Money" as having more "melancholy ballads" than its predecessor. In an interview for DJBooth, The-Dream discussed his musical approach to the album, stating "This album's gonna be the same thing – a little more beefed up, I'm just gonna give you more. Every album I'm just gonna try to give you more of me, and what I think about certain things... This album is just gonna be the first album on some out of this world crack, basically". In an interview for "The Village Voice", he discussed his use of melody, repetition, and hooks, relating it to child discipline, saying that "Americans are not the biggest listeners. I didn't listen, which is why my granddaddy beat me half the time. It's only when the belt is swinging at you in the same repetitive manner that you actually start to listen. So it's all about creating a belt on the song that repetitiously swings at you. It doesn't mean that in between the belt swinging, I'm not saying stuff that means something".
Commercial performance.
Originally set for release by the end of 2008, the album was released on March 10, 2009 in the United States through The-Dream's imprint label Radio Killa and Def Jam Recordings. "Love vs. Money" debuted at number two on the "Billboard" 200, selling 151,000 copies in its first week. It also entered at number one on "Billboard"s Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number three on its Top Digital Albums chart in March 2009. In its second week, the album sold 56,000 copies.
The album's lead single, "Rockin' That Shit", peaked at number 22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and at number 2 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. The second official single, "My Love" featuring Mariah Carey, peaked at number 82 on the Hot 100 and at number 36 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. "Billboard"s Chris Williams called it "a sumptuous love anthem for couples this spring". The album's third single, "Walkin' on the Moon" featuring Kanye West, peaked at number 87 on the Hot 100 and at number 38 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. The album's fourth and final single "Sweat It Out" peaked at number 32 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
By May 2009, "Love vs. Money" had sold 331,000 copies, according to Nielsen SoundScan. The-Dream took part in a 21-city tour with R&B artist Keyshia Cole that started on May 13 at the Aronoff Center in Cincinnati and concluded at Paramount Theater in Oakland on June 21, 2009. On August 31, 2009, "Love vs. Money" (Deluxe Edition) was released to iTunes, featuring bonus tracks, including "Hit It On The Road".
Critical reception.
"Love vs. Money" received universal acclaim from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 83, based on 13 reviews. Allmusic editor Andy Kellman commended it as ""Love/Hate"s equal, stuffed with hooks, ceaselessly absorptive productions, and clever and often funny wordplay". Sean Fennessey of "Vibe" praised The-Dream's production and stated, "The craft is meticulous, and the sound so epic, and at times, operatic [...] that moments on this album comprise some of the best pop music of the decade". Ajitpaul Mangat of Tiny Mix Tapes commended his interpretation of the "pop formula" and dubbed the album "a fascinating and at-times sonically remarkable post-structuralist-esque move". "The Boston Globe"s Ken Capobianco called it "a seamless, brilliantly produced affair featuring his unmatched contemporary pop technique and songwriting craftsmanship".
In his review for "Rolling Stone" magazine, Jody Rosen found most of the album's songs "unforgettable" and stated, "the combination of classicist songcraft, wild sound collage and a muse that partakes equally of the sensual and the silly makes "Love vs. Money" far more than just an accomplished genre piece". Alex Macpherson of The Quietus noted its cyclical thematic structure, but stated, "it's how the wheel turns, endlessly and inevitably, which is what compels about "Love vs Money"." Slant Magazine's Wilson McBee viewed it as an improvement over "Love Hate" and wrote that it "keeps to the same aesthetic touchstones [...] while cranking up the gears of ambition". McBee called the album "a cohesive, front-to-back artistic statement" and commented on its studio and hook-oriented "songcraft": "What keeps all this over-production from being distracting is Nash's intelligent arrangements and a keen avoidance of clutter."
In a mixed review, "Entertainment Weekly"s Mikael Wood felt that the lyrics are marred by "material obsession", and The-Dream's "vision of romance mostly plays like a nightmare". Robert Christgau, writing in "Blender" magazine, said that The-Dream "will turn on only the many hopeful ladies who consider Patrón the most exquisite of aphrodisiacs". In his consumer guide for MSN Music, Christgau gave it a two-star honorable mention, indicating a "likable effort consumers attuned to its overriding aesthetic or individual vision may well enjoy". Tyler Fisher of PopMatters found its weaknesses to be "cliché love songs, too many similar beats and melodies, and a lack of energy", although he called it "an R&B pop album with great production, composition, and lyricism". Okayplayer's Sean Deezill said that the album offers "impressive, yet, familiar production, unorganized structure, catchy radio tracks, and laughable lyrics".
"Rolling Stone" named it the eighth best album of 2009. "Time" ranked the album number six on its year-end list for 2009.
Personnel.
Credits are adapted from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19355188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355188" title="John E. Gingrich">
John E. Gingrich

Admiral John Edward Gingrich (February 23, 1897 – May 26, 1960) was an officer in the United States Navy who served as the first chief of security for the United States Atomic Energy Commission from 1947 to 1949, and as Chief of Naval Material from 1953 to 1954. He retired from the Navy as a four-star admiral.
Early career.
Born in Dodge City, Kansas, to Edward Grant Gingrich and the former Bertha Allen, he attended the University of Kansas before receiving an appointment to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland, in 1915. He graduated from the Naval Academy on June 7, 1919, and was commissioned an ensign in the United States Navy.
His first assignment was aboard the battleship "Pennsylvania", flagship of the Atlantic Fleet. From January 1920 to July 1921 he served as assistant communication officer on the staff of Admiral Henry B. Wilson, Jr., Commander in Chief, Atlantic Fleet. In August 1921 he was transferred from "Pennsylvania" to the newly commissioned battleship "Maryland", where he remained until June 1925, when he returned to the Naval Academy for a two-year tour as an instructor in the Department of Navigation.
From May 1927 to July 1930 he served as gunnery officer aboard the armored cruiser "Rochester", which operated in the Caribbean Sea during interventions in Nicaragua and Haiti. He spent the next two years with the Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps Unit at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois. He commanded the fleet tug "Algorma" from June 1932 until April 1934, then served aboard the heavy cruiser "Indianapolis" until June 1935.
He next reported to Washington, D.C., for duty in the Navy Department's Hydrographic Office. During this tour, he helped complete a new set of precomputed tables to assist aviators and navigators in calculating their positions. Published in 1936, the new Aerial and Marine Navigation Tables were a vast improvement over the previous Ageton tables in terms of ease of calculation and accuracy, and were used for years afterward.
From June 1937 to June 1939, he served afloat as aide and flag secretary on the staff of Commander Battleship Division 3, Battle Force, aboard the division flagship "Idaho". He remained with the fleet for a third year as navigator of the battleship "New Mexico".
World War II.
Naval aide to James V. Forrestal.
Returning to Washington, he served as secretary of the General Board of the Navy before being assigned as naval aide to the inaugural Under Secretary of the Navy, James V. Forrestal. Gingrich served as Forrestal's aide from August 1940 to July 1944.
The responsibilities of the Under Secretary and his staff had not yet been defined when Gingrich reported to the newly sworn-in Forrestal. Asked what he would like his naval aide to do, Forrestal replied, "Take off your coat and get to work." "Don't you want to check on my qualifications?" "No." Gingrich's first problem was to find the Under Secretary an office in the Main Navy Building; his solution was to evict the Chief of Naval Operations from the suite adjacent to the Secretary of the Navy's office. 
Unlike the typical naval aide to a civilian secretary, whose duties are normally limited to managing the secretary's social schedule and office logistics, Gingrich quickly became a full-fledged policy assistant for military affairs. After Gingrich left his service, Forrestal wrote to President Harry S. Truman that "He was invaluable to me, being far above the ordinary officer in his understanding of the Navy's relations with the public and with civilians."
Gingrich's service as Forrestal's aide made him an enemy of Admiral Ernest J. King, Commander in Chief of the United States Fleet and Chief of Naval Operations, who resented Gingrich's outsized policy role and perceived Gingrich as being more loyal to Forrestal, a civilian political appointee, than to King, his uniformed superior. Gingrich crossed King more blatantly when Forrestal succeeded Frank Knox as Secretary of the Navy. King and his senior admirals had effectively excluded Knox from major war decisions by only showing him routine communications from the fleet and neglecting to present the important messages, which they handled themselves. Alerted to this practice, Gingrich advised Forrestal to go to the Navy Department communication room and examine all incoming telegrams for himself. Armed with this information, Forrestal was able to exert more influence over Navy Department operations than his predecessor, at King's expense.
King eventually came to suspect that Gingrich was the "éminence grise" behind many of the actions taken in Forrestal's name. Whenever the admiral passed the aide in the hallway, King would greet Gingrich with a sarcastic "Good morning, Commander," and a deep, mocking bow.
USS "Pittsburgh".
Forrestal finally released Gingrich to fight in the Pacific theater after Gingrich protested that he was being "kept out of the war." Assigned to fit out the new heavy cruiser "Pittsburgh", he served as "Pittsburgh"'s first commanding officer from that cruiser's commissioning on October 10, 1944, until September 3, 1945. For outstanding service in that role, he was awarded the Silver Star, the Legion of Merit, and a Gold Star in lieu of a second Legion of Merit.
On March 19, 1945, the aircraft carrier "Franklin" was crippled by a kamikaze attack close to the Japanese mainland. Aflame and dead in the water, "Franklin" was still under attack by kamikaze planes and threatening to explode when Gingrich maneuvered "Pittsburgh" close enough to take the burning carrier under tow, protecting "Franklin" with antiaircraft fire until the carrier was able to work enough speed to proceed to Pearl Harbor under its own power. For helping to rescue "Franklin" at great risk to his own ship, Gingrich was awarded the Silver Star "for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity".
As captain of "Pittsburgh", Gingrich became famous for sailing his ship safely to port after 15 percent of the cruiser's length was torn off by a typhoon, an act of seamanship dubbed a "miracle" by contemporary accounts. On June 5, 1945, "Pittsburgh" was returning with the Third Fleet from a carrier strike against Kyūshū when the fleet encountered heavy weather between Okinawa and the Philippine Islands. As winds rose to and waves reached heights of , "Pittsburgh" was buffeted by two enormous waves that ripped off of the cruiser's bow, which tossed unpredictably in front of the ship. Gingrich immediately ordered the engines into reverse to pull "Pittsburgh" away from the dangerous obstacle, simultaneously trying to prevent the critically damaged ship from capsizing. "Pittsburgh" was saved from sinking by superlative damage control efforts by its crew, notably Gingrich's executive officer, future four-star admiral Horacio Rivero, Jr.
Once the storm passed, "Pittsburgh" found itself in calm waters 900 miles from Guam. "There was nothing to it from then on," Gingrich recalled. "Pittsburgh" arrived at Guam five days after the storm and was equipped with a temporary bow, leaving two weeks later for permanent repairs at Puget Sound Navy Yard in Washington. A week after "Pittsburgh" departed, the ship's bow was discovered afloat and towed back to Guam. The 500-mile separation between the cruiser's stern and bow led contemporary news accounts to dub "Pittsburgh" "the longest ship in the Navy."
Regaling the press after "Pittsburgh"'s safe arrival in port, Gingrich declared, "I'm sorry I can't give you an immortal phrase to hand down to posterity. But all I said was 'reverse engines'." He did not believe the fracture could be blamed on a structural fault. "It just took two heavy seas. It couldn't possibly have held any longer. She's a fine staunch ship. We'll get the bow fixed and go right back out again." "Pittsburgh" remained under repair at Puget Sound when the war ended in August.
Director of Naval Reserve.
Gingrich departed "Pittsburgh" in September 1945 and served briefly as chief of staff and aide to Vice Admiral John H. Towers, Commander, Second Carrier Task Force, Pacific Fleet, before being abruptly reassigned to the much less significant role of chief of personnel in Miami, Florida. The sudden transfer was viewed as a punitive exile imposed by outgoing Chief of Naval Operations King and Chief of Naval Personnel Randall Jacobs to deny Secretary Forrestal an ally in the bureaucratic battle King and Jacobs were waging against Forrestal over the direction of the postwar Navy. Forrestal resolved the conflict by replacing Jacobs with Vice Admiral Louis E. Denfeld and recalling Gingrich to Washington as Denfeld's assistant.
Promoted to rear admiral, Gingrich reported to the Bureau of Naval Personnel on October 24, 1945, where he was assigned to create the postwar structure for the Naval Reserve by the incoming chief of naval operations, Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz. Gingrich was designated assistant chief of personnel (reserves) on December 7, 1945, and in August 1946 received the additional title of director of Naval Reserve. His plan for the postwar Naval Reserve was designed to mobilize the active and reserve fleets for an emergency within ten days, using 1,000,000 reservists of whom 200,000 would be drawn from an Organized Reserve and 800,000 from a Volunteer Reserve.
Atomic Energy Commission.
On August 18, 1947, Gingrich was appointed the first director of the Division of Security and Intelligence at the Atomic Energy Commission (AEC). As AEC security chief, he was responsible for the physical security of AEC installations, control of classified information, development and operation of security clearance procedures, and coordination with the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). Gingrich found the job very frustrating. Shortly after leaving the position, he testified before the Joint Congressional Committee on Atomic Energy that he lacked confidence in the AEC security program, complaining that the security organization was too decentralized and its headquarters too powerless for the director to be effective.
Gingrich was an early ally of AEC commissioner and security hawk Lewis Strauss. Like Strauss, Gingrich felt that his efforts to tighten security were being unjustly blocked by irresponsibly idealistic AEC leaders. He submitted numerous written protests against the employment of individuals with questionable associations, but found his reports overruled or ignored by superiors who refused to consider political ideologies such as being an "advanced 'liberal'" as disqualifying scientists from work in the atomic energy programs, and who demanded proof of membership in the actual Communist Party for evidence of a poor security risk, not just membership in organizations deemed subversive by the Attorney General. Resentful AEC security officers believed they were being caricatured as military men without a scientific background who were jumping at ghosts by considering atomic workers unsafe if they "did not share antiquated political beliefs," a caricature perhaps grounded in incidents such as the interview of a suspended Oak Ridge National Laboratory chemist during which Gingrich "personally advised chemist against the unfortunate practice of scientists acting outside their own field," and went on to disparage scientists' "attitude toward security and the fuss being raised over the Negro question."
It later emerged that Gingrich had only been hired as AEC security chief because of a lack of viable candidates. Testifying before the Joint Congressional Committee on Atomic Energy, AEC chairman David E. Lilienthal conceded that Gingrich had no relevant background in security. Asked why the FBI had not been solicited for better qualified candidates, Lilienthal said that it had been hard to find anyone willing to accept the "thorny" task. "So you selected a man who had no experience of background in this work," stated committee chairman Bourke B. Hickenlooper. "We were very pleased with the selection," Lilienthal replied, adding that Gingrich had been "a real patriot in undertaking so difficult a task when he knew other men were unwilling to undertake it."
As a high-ranking AEC official, Gingrich was occasionally called upon to explain atomic energy to the public. Addressing the Annapolis Chapter of the Military Order of the World Wars on April 19, 1949, Gingrich assured his audience that there had been no significant violation of security regulations in the past year and a half, and decried "sensational and grossly exaggerated tales" about "spies stealing atomic secrets" and about the hazards of atomic energy. "One prominent university president stated that three atomic bombs could destroy the United States. That is not true. It has been said that radioactivity will kill everyone in a city not killed by the blast of a bomb. That is not true. The effect of atomic radiation need not be fatal at all. It needs care and treatment. There is less mystery about radiation than is realized."
Forrestal death.
On March 30, 1949, Chief of Naval Operations Louis E. Denfeld and Vice Chief of Naval Operations Arthur W. Radford received word that former Secretary of Defense James Forrestal was experiencing a nervous breakdown in Hobe Sound, Florida. Gingrich, who had remained close to Forrestal since serving as his wartime aide, was immediately dispatched to Forrestal's side, along with Navy psychiatrist George N. Raines. After their departure, Forrestal's friend Ferdinand Eberstadt asked the Navy not to send anyone, fearing that the arrival of too many people would overexcite Forrestal. Recalled Radford, "I assured Mr. Eberstadt that we could rely on John Gingrich to see that nothing of that kind happened but that it was too late to recall him. In fact, the Secretary seemed to trust Johnny and to be more relaxed with him present, and Dr. Raines stayed in the background. Johnny kept Admiral Denfeld and me informed of the situation." Eberstadt arrived himself on April 1, 1949 with Dr. William C. Menninger, who recommended immediate hospitalization. "Jim Forrestal flew back to Washington with Johnny Gingrich and Dr. Raines; Johnny seemed to be able to exercise more control over him than anyone else." Forrestal was admitted to Bethesda Naval Hospital for psychiatric treatment.
Radford left Washington later that month to become Commander in Chief, United States Pacific Command, and Commander in Chief, United States Pacific Fleet. Offered a position as Radford's chief of staff, Gingrich jumped at the opportunity to resume his naval career, submitting his resignation as AEC security chief on April 10, 1949, effective April 30. His letter of resignation stated that "the security division has been completely reorganized, adequately staffed with highly capable personnel whose duties have been properly set forth." Aware of Gingrich's previous discontent, Senator William E. Jenner speculated on the floor of the Senate that Gingrich had actually "quit in disgust." Asked by the press to comment, Gingrich claimed, "I resigned to accept duty as Chief of Staff in the Pacific. I was not disgruntled and I did not leave precipitately." 
On May 22, 1949, Forrestal committed suicide at Bethesda Naval Hospital. As Forrestal's long-time friend, Gingrich accompanied Forrestal's casket from the Naval Hospital to Arlington National Cemetery and stood with the Forrestal family at the graveside during the official funeral on May 25, 1949. He joined the Pacific Fleet staff as Radford's chief of staff and aide in July 1949.
Korean War.
United Nations Blockade and Escort Force.
Gingrich was designated Commander Training Command, U.S. Pacific Fleet in October 1951. On May 31, 1952, he became Commander, United Nations Blockade and Escort Force.
The Blockade and Escort Force (Task Force 95) was a subordinate command of United States Naval Forces, Far East, under the operational control of the Seventh Fleet. Ships from nine nations comprised the West Coast Blockade Group (Task Group 95.1), the East Coast Blockade Group (Task Group 95.2), the Escort Group (Task Group 95.5), the Minesweeping Group (Task Group 95.6), and the Republic of Korea Navy (Task Group 95.7). In addition to interdicting Korean waters against hostile and unauthorized shipping, Task Force 95 conducted shore bombardment and naval airstrikes on both coasts and maintained a continuous blockade of the North Korean port of Wonsan, the longest naval blockade of modern times.
Gingrich stressed efficient use of warfighting resources. When he took over Task Force 95, he discovered that his ships were firing 51,700 rounds of 5-inch ammunition per month, mostly in unobserved fire. Worried about the massive expenditure, Gingrich insisted that targets be observed to evaluate the effect of the bombardment. "I wanted to know specifically what damage was done, not that 'great damage' was done." The resulting improvement in targeting efficiency reduced the monthly firing rate to 15,000 rounds, representing a savings of approximately $40,000,000 over the course of a year. "The cost of a 5-inch shell at the end of the Korean pipeline was approximately $200," he noted, so "unless it did that much damage, we were hurting ourselves more than the enemy."
For commanding the Blockade and Escort Force, Gingrich was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal and decorations from the United Kingdom, South Korea, and Thailand. He was relieved by Rear Admiral Clarence E. Olsen on February 13, 1953.
Chief of Naval Material.
Promoted to vice admiral, he became deputy chief of naval operations for administration in February 1953. On August 1, 1953, he was appointed Chief of Naval Material (CNM), in which role he was responsible for all Navy procurement activities. 
Gingrich believed that the worst procurement problems stemmed from faulty requirement planning. "No matter how well we place a contract, if there was no need for the material in the first place, our procurement effort and our money have been wasted. Yet an inordinate amount of our procurement effort has been wasted in buying unneeded material and equipment."
"Placing a price tag and a material expenditure tag on the bullets we fire may represent a somewhat new concept in our modern thinking," he concluded, "but success in future wars depends greatly upon the economy measures we utilize."
Personal life.
He retired from the Navy on October 1, 1954, as a full admiral, having been automatically advanced one grade on the retired list on the basis of combat citations. One month later, he was elected a vice president of the International Telephone and Telegraph Corporation (I.T.&T.). In February 1957, as part of a corporate reorganization, he was appointed president of the Federal Telephone and Radio Company, an I.T.&T. division which produced electronic equipment and components for government, military, and commercial use. He eventually returned to the parent corporation, serving as an I.T.&T. vice president until his death. He died at his home in New York City at the age of 63, after a long illness, and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
He married Florence Benson in 1925 and they had one son, John Edward, Jr. He remarried to Vanetta Oliphant on July 3, 1939, and they had one daughter, Susan Alice.
His decorations include the Distinguished Service Medal, awarded for commanding the Blockade and Escort Force; the Silver Star, awarded for assisting the damaged aircraft carrier "Franklin"; two awards of the Legion of Merit for commanding the cruiser "Pittsburgh"; and decorations from the United Kingdom, South Korea, and Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="19355191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355191" title="Zombie Honeymoon">
Zombie Honeymoon

Zombie Honeymoon is a 2004 independent horror film produced by Hooligan Pictures. The "New York Times" described it as, "Not quite the campfest its absurd but undeniably catchy title suggests, "Zombie Honeymoon" is actually an emotionally driven blend of romance, comedy and horror." The movie won a Chainsaw award in 2006 for best low-budget film.
"Zombie Honeymoon" centers around the doomed love story of Denise (Tracy Coogan) and Danny (Graham Sibley) Zanders, whose honeymoon is disrupted by an attack that turns Danny into a zombie. Denise is torn between her desire to protect her husband and her revulsion at what he is becoming.
Plot.
American newlyweds Denise and Danny have just begun their month-long honeymoon by the ocean in New Jersey when Denise witnesses a ragged man, fully clad, emerging from the water. She screams to rouse her sleeping husband, but it is too late; the zombie attacks. Holding Danny down, he vomits a black, viscous fluid into Danny's mouth before collapsing. Rushed to the hospital, Danny cannot be revived, but as the doctor is telling Denise that her husband is dead he reanimates on his own. Soon after his release, it becomes clear to Denise that all is not well. The vegetarian Danny is craving meat. When Denise finds that her husband is struggling with compulsive cannibalism, she is horrified, but compelled by love and pity to clean up after him and protect him. Her efforts to help him overcome his urges prove futile. Danny's body count mounts while his willpower deteriorates as quickly as his decomposing flesh. Though Denise has not been able to bring herself to flee her husband, even as he kills their closest friends, the remaining bonds of love that have held Danny back from killing his bride seem to have dissolved. He attacks her and forces her down, beginning to produce the viscous fluid that had transformed him. Just before infecting Denise, he turns his head, sparing her his fate. He apologizes to her as he finally dies. Denise, after tenderly disposing of his body, goes back to the beach, where she remembers better times between them and looks to the tickets that the pair had purchased to start their dream life in Portugal.
Production.
Writer/director David Gebroe has discussed the genesis of the film in several interviews and in a "Behind the Scenes" feature on the 2006 Showtime Entertainment DVD release. Shortly after Gebroe completed his first feature film, "The Homeboy", in March 2002, his younger sister's husband died in a surfing accident. Many of the details in the movie mirror his sister's story, including his sister Denise's art and her plan to move to Portugal with her husband, Danny. Gebroe was inspired by her experience to write a movie which, in his words, is "how terrifying it is to dedicate yourself wholly and completely to a relationship in the knowledge that one day that person might be taken from you just like that." Gebroe told horror fansite Hollywood Gothique in 2005 that "Above everything else, [the film...was kind of a valentine to her strength, her ability to get through her grief and keep moving in life." His choice of zombies to represent "the cruel hand of fate" was inspired both by the psychobilly music which his sister and her husband enjoyed and by the 1979 film "Zombie" by Lucio Fulci, which he and his sister saw as young children. He also cites as influences Roman Polanski's "Macbeth", David Cronenberg's "The Fly" and Paul Morrissey's "Andy Warhol's Frankenstein".
Notes.
The video clerk was wearing a shirt with the zombie from Lucio Fulci's cult classic, "Zombi", and the video tape rejected was the previous movie of the director of "The Homeboy".
Critical reception.
The film has had mixed critical reception, but the writing and acting have been widely singled out for praise. "Variety", which described it as a "strong, well-thesped pic", indicated that it "scores simultaneously as romantic, tragic, grotesque and screamingly funny." Salon.com, which characterized it as "a highly disturbing combination of gruesome gore and earnest, tragic romance not encountered since David Cronenberg's "The Fly," if ever", singled out for praise the acting and the script, summarizing that "the film's strange blend of tragedy and surreal gore, à la Dario Argento and Lucio Fulci, is surprisingly effective." "New York Times" notes that the film betrays its low budget, but though finding it "never truly engaging or frightening" suggests the movie is partially salvaged by "solid performances (especially Ms. Coogan's) and capable direction by Dave Gebroe, whose script is infused with some wickedly funny lines." "The Village Voice" found the story derivative, if sometimes funny, but also singled out Coogan, stating that "if this silly retread works at all, it's because of Coogan, who comes at the creaky premise with almost Streepian commitment and who is destined, it would seem, for better things."

</doc>
<doc id="19355197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355197" title="Ronald Lanzoni">
Ronald Lanzoni

Ronald ("Ronaldo") Lanzoni Campos (born August 21, 1959) is a retired long-distance runner from Costa Rica. He claimed the silver medal at the 1987 Pan American Games in the Men's Marathon, and twice represented his native country at the Summer Olympics (1984 and 1988). He set his personal best (2:14.33) in the classic distance in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19355199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355199" title="Equal Affections">
Equal Affections

Equal Affections is a novel by David Leavitt, published in 1989.
Plot summary.
Louise, an aging woman, is coming down with cancer. Her husband Nat is having an affair with another woman. Meanwhile, Walter, partner of Louise and Nat's son Danny, has cyber sex and phone sex with other men. April, Danny's sister, visits her brother in suburban New Jersey. With their mother's death looming, they all fly to California where their parents live. To avoid a funeral, Nat throws a lukewarm farewell party. April ends up fighting with her father over his cheating on her mother. Two months later, Nat is publicly seeing his mistress. Danny and Walter invite April and Nat to stay with them at a rented cottage on Long Island. The final part is an prolepsis to Louise's conversion at Catholicism although she is a Jew.

</doc>
<doc id="19355234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355234" title="Dunbog">
Dunbog

Dunbog is a parish in the county of Fife in Scotland. The parish is of entirely rural character, with no actual village - only a collection of farm houses. Dunbog parish is bounded on the north by the River Tay, on the south by Monimail, on the east by Flisk and Creich, and on the west by Abdie. The Barony of Denboig/Dunbog was established in 1687. The nearest town of any size is Newburgh.
It has a small primary school 

</doc>
<doc id="19355247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355247" title="New York, North Yorkshire">
New York, North Yorkshire

New York is a settlement in Nidderdale in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire, England. It is on the River Nidd, near Summerbridge, and about south-east of Pateley Bridge.
The settlement originated as terraces of weavers' houses around a flax mill built by William Hebden in about 1814 on agricultural land by the River Nidd. In 1834 the mill was acquired by Francis Thorpe of Knaresborough, who renamed it New York Mill. By 1834 Thorpe was employing 150 people at the mill. In the 1870s the export of yarn declined, and the business failed in 1883. In 1889 the Gill family bought the mill, rebuilt it and replaced the old water wheels with a water turbine. In 1891 they installed a second turbine to provide the first electric light in Nidderdale. The Gills started to spin yarns of hemp for the production of twine. They modernised the mill in the 1930s, and in the 1960s started to spin artificial fibres for carpets. The Gill family sold the mill in 1968, and the new owners closed it in 1980. The property has now been converted into a small industrial estate.

</doc>
<doc id="19355279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355279" title="Phil Friendly">
Phil Friendly

Phil Friendly (born Philip Izvarin, May 30, 1977) is an American rockabilly and country rock singer, guitarist and songwriter of Russian descent. He has been active in the music industry since the early 1990s.
Friendly is known for his successful US tours with the rockabilly pioneer Glen Glenn and various European and US CD releases, most notably his recordings with the Grammy-winning guitar legend Albert Lee (released by the UK label Evangeline Records, Ltd).
Phil and his trio have occasionally done live TV and radio performances as well.
In 2009 Friendly's original composition 'Every Single Day' was included in the soundtrack of a new American motion picture "Saving Grace B. Jones", produced and directed by Connie Stevens and starring Oscar-winning actress Tatum O'Neal.
In 2012 'She Wanna Do It', another Phil Friendly's song, was used in a film "Mighty Fine", starring Chazz Palminteri and Andie MacDowell.
Phil Friendly resides and regularly performs with his band in Los Angeles, California.
Discography.
Friendly Boogie (Rockhouse, NL 1995)
<br>
Rock'n'Roll Legends, "with Charlie Gracie" (Rarity, NL 1996)
<br>
I Got 99 Women! (Rarity, NL 2000)
<br>
Every Single Day (Tru-Gems/Brunswick, USA 2008)
<br>
California Rockin', "with Albert Lee" (Evangeline, UK 2008)
<br>
My Shadow, "with Pete Anderson" (Sonic Rendezvous, NL 2009)

</doc>
<doc id="19355298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355298" title="X Visual Shock DVD Box 1989–1992">
X Visual Shock DVD Box 1989–1992

X Visual Shock DVD Box is an X Japan box set released on July 23, 2008. It collects every home videos X Japan released before changing their name from X, along with one DVD containing previously unreleased material from the band's earlier career.

</doc>
<doc id="19355299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355299" title="Alm (river)">
Alm (river)

Alm is a river in the Austrian state of Upper Austria. 
The Alm is a right tributary of the Traun, which it meets near the town of Fischlham. Its source is the lake Almsee. The Laudach is a left tributary of the Alm.
Municipalities along the river are Grünau im Almtal, Scharnstein, Pettenbach, Vorchdorf, Steinerkirchen an der Traun and Bad Wimsbach-Neydharting.
The quality of the water is at a high level (Drinking water). Fishes in the Alm comprise: Brown trout, Rainbow trout, Brook trout and Grayling.

</doc>
<doc id="19355329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355329" title="Summerbridge, North Yorkshire">
Summerbridge, North Yorkshire

Summerbridge is a village in Nidderdale in Harrogate district, North Yorkshire, England. It is on the River Nidd, adjacent to Dacre Banks on the opposite bank of the river, and lies about south east of Pateley Bridge.
The village has one public house, the Flying Dutchman, owned and operated by Samuel Smiths Old Brewery, tea rooms, a fish and chip shop and several other shops (a post office, a general store, a butcher and a large hardware store). Other businesses include a sawmill and a garage, and there are several more businesses on a small industrial estate at New York, sometimes considered part of Summerbridge. There is also a large Methodist church, a primary school and a retained fire station.
Summerbridge is served by hourly buses of Harrogate & District (route 24) between Harrogate and Pateley Bridge.
The village is the largest settlement in the civil parish of Hartwith cum Winsley. It is the nearest village to Brimham Rocks, away.

</doc>
<doc id="19355331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355331" title="WSSC (AM)">
WSSC (AM)

WSSC (1340 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. WSSC is licensed to serve the community of Sumter, South Carolina, USA. The station is currently owned by Sumter Baptist Temple, Inc. and features programming from Westwood One.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19355350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355350" title="I Want To Go Back To Michigan">
I Want To Go Back To Michigan

I Want to Go Back to Michigan is a song by Irving Berlin composed in 1914. It was a moderate commercial success when it was first released and afterward became a staple on vaudeville. Its most famous performance was by Judy Garland in the film "Easter Parade". 
Lyrics.
The ballad's lyrics employ imagery of an idyllic rural childhood juxtaposed against less appealing city life, which was a theme among some popular songs during this period of rapid urban growth in the United States.
Composition.
According to Charles Hamm in a biography of Irving Berlin, the songwriter composed "I Want to Go Back to Michigan" at a time when his ambitions were aiming past vaudeville toward musical theater and he was exercising new styles. The nostalgic reminiscence here, along with "Happy Little Country Girl" composed during the same period, was previously unknown in his work. Billy Murray, a popular singer during the period when the song was first composed, recorded it for Edison Records in 1914.
"Easter Parade".
Although the song was not composed to be part of a larger work, it appeared in the 1948 film "Easter Parade" which was written around a mixture of ten older and eight newly composed Irving Berlin songs. Berlin's deal with MGM for the package of songs that included "I Want to Go Back to Michigan" was $500,000 plus a percentage of box office receipts, which was an unusually advantageous contract for a songwriter and amounted to twenty percent of the film's total budget of $2.5 million. The film won the 1948 Academy Award for Best Musical Score.

</doc>
<doc id="19355364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355364" title="Fântânele Power Station">
Fântânele Power Station

The Fântânele Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Mureş County having 5 generation groups of 50 MW having a total electricity generation capacity of 250 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19355379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355379" title="Sextupole magnet">
Sextupole magnet

Sextupole magnets consist of groups of six magnets set out in an arrangement of alternating north and south magnetic poles arranged around an axis. They are used in particle beam control in particle accelerators.
The design of sextupoles using electromagnets generally involves six steel pole tips of alternating polarity. The steel is magnetised by a large electric current that flows in the coils of wire wrapped around the poles.
Sextupoles in particle accelerators.
At the energies reached in high energy particle accelerators, magnetic deflection is more powerful than electrostatic, and use of the magnetic term of the Lorentz force:
is enabled with various magnets that make up 'the lattice' required to bend, steer and focus a charged particle beam.
The quadrupole magnets used to focus and combine the beam have the unfortunate property that their focusing strength (describable by a focal length) is dependent on the energy of the particle being focused—high energy particles having longer focal lengths than those with lower energy. Since all realistic beams have some, non-negligible, energy spread, any focusing scheme that relies purely on quadrupole magnets will result in the size of the beam "blowing up" with distance.
In linear accelerators this is due to the under- or over-focusing of the particles, while in storage rings it is related to the chromaticity of the ring (the tendency for off-energy particles to have different values for the betatron phase advance per orbit).
Typically this is controlled with the addition of sextupolar fields to the lattice.
Sextupolar fields have a focal length that is inversely proportional to the distance from the center of the magnet with which the particle passes. This is similar to the action of a quadrupole, whose effect on the beam may be described as a bending whose strength depends on the distance from the center of the magnet.
If a sextupole is placed at a point at which the particles in the beam are arranged by their energy offset (i.e. a region of non-zero dispersion), then the sextupole can be set at a strength that ensures that particles of all reasonable energy offsets are focused to the same point. This will negate the tendency of the quadrupole lattice to disperse the beam.
Problems.
Sextupolar fields are non-linear (i.e. they depend on the product of the sizes of the transverse displacements), and have terms which depend on both the horizontal and vertical offsets (i.e. they are coupled).
This leads to equations of motion that cannot be solved for the general case, thus requiring approximations to be used when calculating their effects on the beam.
In addition, the quadrature dependence of the sextupole kick on the transverse offset of the beam, can lead to high amplitude particles being kicked far from the beam axis and being lost on the beam-pipe walls. Due to this mechanism, the addition of sextupole fields to an accelerator lattice will limit the dynamic aperture or acceptance of the accelerator.

</doc>
<doc id="19355392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355392" title="Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories">
Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories

Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories is a book of short stories published in 1991 by San Antonio-based Mexican-American writer Sandra Cisneros. The collection reflects Cisneros's experience of being surrounded by American influences while still being familially bound to her Mexican heritage as she grew-up north of the Mexico-US border. 
These tales focus on the social role of women, and their relationships with the men and other women in their lives. The majority of the characters are stereotypes: men embody machismo while women are naïve and generally weak. Cisneros focuses on three feminine clichés: the passive virgin, sinful seductress, and traitorous mother. Not properly belonging to either Mexico or America, the Chicana protagonists earnestly search for their identity, only to discover abuse and shattered dreams. Apart from focusing on these issues of struggling females, Cisneros simultaneously develops the readers' sensitivity towards the lives of immigrants.
The vignettes are quite short on average; the longest is 29 pages, while the shortest is fewer than five paragraphs. Despite such limited space, Cisneros experiments with daring poetic prose in her storytelling; for example, each story presents a new character with a distinct literary voice and style. Such writing has earned her the title of an accomplished Chicana poet, with the added credentials of her published books of poetry "My Wicked Wicked Ways" (1987) and "Loose Woman" (1994).
Background.
From early on, a bond ran throughout Cisneros's family as a result of being separated from their homeland and having to live as Mexican-Americans in Chicago. Cisneros was born into a family of seven children and was often singled out as she was the only daughter. Despite the abundance of sibling playmates, Cisneros always felt lonely as a child, thus prompting her to begin creating stories to vary her daily routine. 
After many years of writing, Cisneros used "Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories" to explore the failed relationships of the female characters via their reactions to the men in their lives. This feminine focus in the stories may reflect Cisneros's own views on relationships, as she does not appear to have a strong connection to any male figures in her life: "For her, men seem to be a utility that a woman turns on and off as required." As the writing is from a Mexican-American immigrant's point of view, this feminism contends not only with the stereotype of gender, but of class and race as well. Cisneros "creates stories, not explanations or analyses or arguments", which describe her feminist views with "more provisional, personal, emotional, and intuitive forms of narrative".
An example of her feminine focus is found in the title story "Woman Hollering Creek", which concentrates on a woman who is physically abused by her husband and feels drawn towards the nearby creek. She becomes depressed and sits beside the water with her new baby, contemplating how a woman could be driven crazy. Cisneros develops this tale, which has also been found slightly modified in Aztec, Greek, and Spanish cultures, from the legend of "La Llorona" (Spanish for "weeping woman"), a ghost story found in Mexico and Texas. In the myth, "a beautiful young woman named Maria falls in love and marries a handsome, rich boy, and their union is blessed with two sons and a daughter". Soon after, the man loses his affection for his wife. Maria, knowing that her husband no longer loves her, drowns their three children in the river and then herself. Upon reaching heaven, Maria is told that she cannot enter until she has found her children. She is sent back to Earth, where she wails sorrowfully for her children. According to legend, any child that happens upon her ghost is pulled into the river and drowned. The real Woman Hollering Creek, a body of water just off Interstate 10 in Texas, is the river which Cisneros mentions in her story. The protagonist in "Woman Hollering Creek" is rescued from her abusive husband by two strangers before she goes mad.
Plot summaries.
Cisneros's collection of stories is divided into three sections. The first section, which focuses on the innocence of the characters during childhood, is called "My Lucy Friend Who Smells Like Corn". The following section, called "One Holy Night", includes two short stories highlighting the troublesome adolescent years of its characters. The final section, called "There Was a Man, There Was a Woman", concentrates on characters during their tumultuous adulthood. Most of the stories in the collection are between one and fifteen pages in length; "Eyes of Zapata", the longest story, is 29 pages long, while "Salvador Late or Early" and "There Was a Man, There Was a Woman" each occupies a single page.
The first and second plot of the story story in this book shares the title, "My Lucy Friend Who Smells Like Corn", with its corresponding section and is a short narrative about an unnamed narrator and her best friend Lucy Anguiano, the "Texas girl who smells like corn". This vignette offers a snapshot into life just north of the United States-Mexico border for two girls who are presumably of Mexican descent. Lucy's home is portrayed as a low-income, Mexican-American family. Her mother is overworked and busy with many children while her father is rarely around. However, the story focuses on the freedom that the girls have when no one of authority is watching; for example, waving at strangers, jumping on mattresses, scratching mosquito bites, picking scabs, and somersaulting in dresses.
The book's second segment, "One Holy Night", contains two short narratives focusing on adolescent females and the way their self-worth is affected by the tension of remaining loyal to Mexico while integrating into the American lifestyle. The title story "One Holy Night" introduces the reader to a young teenage girl, Ixchel, who, in her quest for true love, meets a 37-year-old man named Chato. He lies to her about belonging to ancient Mayan royalty, seduces her, and then abandons her, only to return in an attempt to kill her. In her youth and naivety, Ixchel desires to be romanced by someone with alleged Mexican roots, only to be disappointed by the reality of having fallen in love with a Mexican-American serial killer.
The final section, entitled "There Was A Man, There Was A Woman", includes the title story "Women Hollering Creek", "Eyes of Zapata", and "Never Marry A Mexican", these being three out of the thirteen stories contained in this portion of the book. The title story, "Woman Hollering Creek", is about a Mexican woman, named Cleófilas, who marries Juan Pedro Martínez Sánchez. After moving across the border to Seguín, Texas her hopes of having a happy marriage, like the characters she watches in the telenovelas, are dashed. Throughout their marriage, Juan Pedro is unfaithful, abusive and often leaves her in isolation. As her depression increases, so does her interest in the legendary figure, la llorona, and the creek named after her that runs behind her house. However, unlike this "weeping woman", who chooses death as a means to escape her unloving husband, Ceófilas, in a sense, chooses life. With the aid of two independent women, Felice and Graciela, she is able to leave her life of abuse and escape back to Mexico. 
Clemencia is the Chicana protagonist of the story "Never Marry a Mexican", who experiences rejection by her white lover. She takes revenge on this man by luring his naïve son into a lover’s role, and makes it known that in due time, this young man will inevitably pay for his father’s transgressions. 
"Eyes of Zapata" is a story that looks into the life of female protagonist, Inés, who offers a reflection on her life in the context of her illegitimate relationship with Mexican revolutionary Emiliano Zapata. She struggles with being constantly abandoned by her lover, who is off "revolutionizing the country", and she describes her efforts to raise a family on her own despite hardships such as famine, disease, and poverty. In the end, she speaks about Zapata's assassination, revealing his failure to the revolution and Inés makes it evident that essentially, Zapata, her unfaithful lover, has failed her and this protagonist is left clinging to dreams that can no longer exist.
Characters.
As this book is a collection of short stories and contains many different protagonists, the following is a selection of the book's main characters who most exemplify the qualities of the three sections of the book (youth, adolescence, and adulthood), or who have the most impact on Cisneros's use of female archetypes:
Lucy Anguiano, the childhood friend of the narrator in "My Lucy Friend Who Smells Like Corn", is a dark skinned, Texas girl with eyes like knife slits. She is from a family with nine children, an exhausted mother and an absent father. She influences the narrator’s desire to share in the unadulterated and simple pleasures that childhood can bring.
Ixchel, the self-named protagonist of "One Holy Night", is a thirteen-year-old girl who lives in Chicago with her uncle and grandmother who immigrated from Mexico. Employed by her uncle, every Saturday, this young teen sells produce from his pushcart. Ixchel being a foolish girl, ignorantly gives herself to one of her customers, a captivating, yet dangerous 37-year-old man. Over time, she realises that she has been seduced by a mass murderer but remains unable to reconcile herself with the fact that she is still in love with him.
Chaq Uxmal Paloquín is another self-named character in the story "One Holy Night", nicknamed Boy Baby, but whose real name is Chato, which means fat-face. He was born on the streets, along with numerous brothers and sisters, in a Mexican town called Miseria. In this story he has grown up and is now a 37-year-old serial killer who seduces and then abandons the young, naïve protagonist by romanticizing her with a lie about being from an ancient line of Mayan kings.
Inés, the protagonist in "Eyes of Zapata", whose mother was raped and murdered for living an illegitimate lifestyle, is the mistress of Mexican revolutionary Emiliano Zapata. Inés struggles with being defined by the different roles she must play in her relationship with her lover. She is frustrated with the power of the male patriarchy that pushes her to be not only Zapata's lover, but also the mother to two of his children and his "political sister" in their shared fight for freedom.
Cleófilas is the protagonist of the title story "Woman Hollering Creek", who recreates the image of la llorona. She is a traditional Mexican woman who naïvely allows her father to give her in marriage to a man who would become her abusive, unfaithful husband. However, through the hardships of her marriage, she is empowered, to fight for her rights. This is solidified when she meets Felice and Graciela, two independent, wage-earning women who act as new role models for Cleófilas. In the end, they help her escape this abusive lifestyle. 
Clemencia is the Chicana protagonist of "Never Marry a Mexican", whose life choices can be related to those of the historical figure La Malinche, an indigenous woman who befriended the Spanish Conquistadors in the 16th century. Both La Malinche and Clemencia were mistresses to men of a different ethnicity than their own, "doomed to exist within a racial and class-cultural wasteland, unanchored by a sense of ever belonging either to ethnic or [their natal homeland". Clemencia's final revenge in this vignette is not only a triumph in the memory of La Malinche, but also for the women who feel that their value depreciates if they do not have a husband.
Rosario (Chayo) De Leon is a character who writes the last prayer note in "Little Miracles, Kept Promises"; a collection of letters in Cisneros's book, from Mexican-Americans to the Virgin of Guadalupe, the patron saint of Mexico who symbolizes female virginity. Chayo's letter provides a contrast between the Virgin of Guadalupe and La Malinche. She illustrates the difficulties of living as a modern Chicana with her beliefs on religion, race, and gender being constantly challenged. In attempts to free herself from being caught in between her modern day Chicana lifestyle and her Mexican heritage she begins to redefine who she is as a woman. In order to do this Chayo must accept that she is not quite malinche or virgin and she does this by acknowledging "the Virgin's pacifism and Malinche's sexuality through knowledge of her own Indian heritage".
Themes.
There are many themes found in this book; some that are recurring are roles in society, religion, relationships, and also hybrid nature of American and Mexican ethnicities. Within these short stories Cisneros concentrates on the identities which women appropriate as a result of relationships, and how these are connected with their roles in society. Critic Mary Reichart observes that in Cisneros's previous work as well as "in "Woman Hollering Creek" (1991), the female characters break out of the molds assigned to them by the culture in search of new roles and new kinds of relationships. Cisneros portrays women who challenge stereotypes and break taboos, sometimes simply for the sake of shocking the establishment, but most often because the confining stereotypes prevent them from achieving their own identity." An example of this is Cleófilas, who had hoped for a better life after leaving her home in Mexico to live in the United States. The soap operas she had seen had led her to believe that her life was going to be a fairy tale. Instead, with a failing marriage and another child on the way she sees that her life resembles only the saddest aspects of a soap opera. Another example of this is found in the final section of this book, entitled "There Was A Man, There Was A Woman", where Cisneros illustrates how women can use their bodies as political instruments in their attempts to fight against male domination. The two female protagonists in "Never Marry a Mexican" and "Eyes of Zapata" use their bodies in attempts to gain recognition and acceptance from husband and lover. However, in doing so, they face the problems of objectification and oppression; two issues which end up adversely shaping the characters' identities. In the end, the illegitimate societal roles of these women influence their quest for female identity. For example, Inés, in "Eyes of Zapata", talks about the role she plays as lover, not a wife: "You married her, that woman from Villa de Ayala, true. But see, you came back to me. You always come back. In between and beyond the others. That's my magic. You come back to me."
The protagonists are examined not only as individuals, but also by how they connect to people in their lives, such as in the conflicting love and failed relationships between man and woman; mother and daughter. For example, critic Elizabeth Brown-Guillory notes of the story "Never Marry a Mexican": "Cisneros portrays the mother as a destructive emotional force, alienating and condemning her daughter to repeating her own mother’s destructive powers." This unsuccessful relationship between daughter and mother also affects the ways in which the women relate to men, as the mother is left at fault for any problematic situations with the daughter's male companions. For example, the daughter Clemencia remembers: "Never marry a Mexican, my ma said once and always. She said this because of my father. ... I’ll never marry. Not any man."
Cisneros also incorporates religion as she "pays tribute to the faith of simple people who express their petitions and gratitude." This is especially apparent in her story "Little Miracles, Kept Promises", where people make petitions to the Virgen Mary, such as: "Madrecita de Dios, Thank you. Our child is born healthy! Rene y Janie Garza, Hondo, TX."
From the experience of growing up within two cultures Cisneros was able to combine both ethnicities, and in her stories she develops a major theme of hybridity between the American and Mexican cultures. She draws upon her life experience as she "depicts the situation of the Mexican-American woman: typically caught between two cultures, she resides in a cultural borderland. The topics of the stories range from the confusions of a bicultural and bilingual childhood to the struggles of a dark-skinned woman to recognize her own beauty in the land of Barbie dolls and blond beauty queens." Because these issues are complex, Cisneros does not try to resolve all of them. Instead, she attempts to find neutral ground where the characters can try to meld their Mexican heritage with an American lifestyle, without feeling homesick for a country which, in some cases, the women have not even experienced.
Although the book has recurring themes such as, (Chicana) feminism, Cisneros uses her power of observation so her stories and narrative are not overwhelmed by these themes. This feminism is portrayed as "women who establish identities for themselves, but also develop an independent, confident, even exultant sexuality". Not only this, but they learn to "love... as they wish, and to establish sisterhood, mutually supportive relationships with other women."
Cisneros displays an abundance of poetic prose which uses frankness to captivate an audience. Reviewer Susan Wood suggests the reader sees that "Cisneros is a writer of power and eloquence and great lyrical beauty". Critic Deborah L. Madsen has said that "the narrative techniques of her fiction demonstrate daring technical innovations, especially in her bold experimentation with literary voice and her development of a hybrid form that weaves poetry into prose to create a dense and evocative linguistic texture of symbolism and imagery that is both technically and aesthetically accomplished". Madsen emphasizes Cisneros's creative ability to combine both prose and poetry. 
She also changes her narrative mode according to the demands of the story. For example, her narrative point of view almost continually changes, sometimes using first person, as we see in the story "Little Miracles, Kept Promises", and sometimes third person, as in "La Fabulosa: a Texas Operetta". Additionally, "Never Marry a Mexican" is characterized by the consistent use of interior monologue. Cisneros used this style in her previous novel "The House on Mango Street" where she mastered writing from the point of view of Esperanza; however, "moving on meant experimenting with many voices". She accomplished this in "Woman Hollering Creek" where she uses "a complex variety of voices and points of view." Moore Campbell states that " is this deluge of voices that Ms. Cisneros so faithfully taps in her work." 
Cisneros intertwines the American and Mexican cultures linguistically, as " stories are full of Spanish words and phrases. She clearly loves her life in two worlds, and as a writer is grateful to have 'twice as many words to pick from ... two ways of looking at the world.' A sometime poet, Cisneros uses those words so precisely that many of her images stick in a reader's mind. Of two people kissing, for instance, she writes: 'It looked as if their bodies were ironing each other's clothes.' "
Reception.
Cisneros has been honored with several awards as a result of "Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories", including the PEN Center West Award for best fiction, the Lannan Foundation Literary Award, the Quality Paperback Book Club New Voices Award, and, in 1993, the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award. K. Prescott states that once the book was published, "Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories" was well-received because women of many cultures could relate to the stories: "Cisneros surveys woman's condition—a condition that is both precisely Latina and general to women everywhere. Her characters include preadolescent girls, disappointed brides, religious women, consoling partners and deeply cynical women who enjoy devouring men. They are without exception strong girls, strong women." Marcia Tager comments again on the characters, saying that Cisneros "writes with humour and love about people she knows intimately". For critic Ilan Stavans, the stories are not just words, but "a mosaic of voices of Mexican-Americans who joke, love, hate and comment on fame and sexuality... They are verbal photographs, memorabilia, reminiscences of growing up in a Hispanic milieu." "The American Library Journal" and "The New York Times" honoured "Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories" as a noteworthy book of the year. "The New York Times" reviewer Bebe Moore Campbell wrote in 1991 that "stories about women struggling to take control of their lives traverse geographical, historical and emotional borders and invite us into the souls of characters as unforgettable as the first kiss". Apart from much praise, one criticism is that Cisneros stereotypes Hispanic men and women in her stories. Stavans argues that the males "are always abusive, alcoholic and egotistical", while the women are "naïve [and doll-like".
Susan Wood comments on the publication of "Woman Hollering Creek" by Random House: "Despite the growing number and influence of Latinos in the USA, the only identifiably Latin's names–with a few exceptions like Oscar Hijuelos–on books published by major houses are those translations of Latin American novels."

</doc>
<doc id="19355393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355393" title="Batasan Road">
Batasan Road

The Batasan Road (formerly known as IBP Road) is a 6 to 10-lane highway located in the barangays of Batasan Hills, Payatas, and Commonwealth which are located all in Quezon City, Philippines. The road serves as a route towards the Batasang Pambansa Complex where the House of Representatives of the Philippines is located.
Background.
The road begins at the intersection with Commonwealth Avenue near the Sandiganbayan and the terminal of the Batasan Tricycle Operators and Drivers Association or (BATODA) as a 6-lane highway. A tunnel named the Batasan Tunnel which was completed in 2001 is used for southbound users of the road towards Commonwealth Avenue. The road then continues towards the intersection with the Filinvest 1 Road which connects the road towards the Filinvest 1 Subdivision. The road continues as a 10-lane highway which was completed in 2008 passing towards the Batasan Hills National High School and the South Gate of the Batasang Pambansa which was used as an entrance for visitors until the 2007 Batasang Pambansa bombing where only House Members can use the entrance. At the intersection with the Batasan-San Mateo Road, Batasan Hills, the road returns into a 6-lane highway and passes towards the Civil Service Commission, the Department of Social Welfare and Development, and the North Gate of the Batasang Pambansa which is now used as entrance for the media, visitors, and House employees. The road then passes through homes located along the Payatas area and after the intersection with Payatas Road (Manila Gravel Pit Road) which is used for people heading towards the Payatas area and Rodriguez, Rizal. The road ends in the Litex area and rejoins with the Commonwealth Avenue.
Buildings and structures.
The road has a lot of major government establishments like the Batasang Pambansa Complex where the House of Representatives is located, Sandiganbayan, Commission on Audit, Department of Social Welfare and Development, and both House and Senate Electoral Tribunals. There are other major establishments located within the whole stretch of the avenue like the Batasan Hills Super Health Center which serves the five barangays of Batasan Hills, Commonwealth, Payatas, Holy Spirit and Bagong Silangan is located within the avenue. Also Police Station 6 of the Quezon City Police Department is located adjacent to the South Entrance of the Batasang Pambansa Complex, Also most of the avenue is surrounded by homes which are crammed and small but there are some residential subdivisions along the area. The Batasan Hills National High School is also located in the avenue. Also the Batasan Tricycle Operators and Drivers Association or known as (BATODA) has its main terminal adjacent with the Sandiganbayan.

</doc>
<doc id="19355414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355414" title="Hickel">
Hickel

Hickel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19355415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355415" title="Natasha Aguilar">
Natasha Aguilar

Natasha Aguilar Komisarova (born June 2, 1970) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from Costa Rica who earned two medals (silver and bronze) with the women's relay team at the 1987 Pan American Games. She also represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. Graduated from High School from Colegio La Salle in San Jose, Costa Rica

</doc>
<doc id="19355428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355428" title="Ben Tracy">
Ben Tracy

Benjamin Sampair Tracy (born July 16, 1976) is a rising star in the news broadcast industry and has been a CBS News national correspondent since January 2008. He is based in Los Angeles and covers the western United States, primarily for the CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley and CBS This Morning.
Tracy was a reporter for WCCO-TV, the CBS-owned station in Minneapolis, where he was a member of the station’s investigative team, covering many major stories, including the methamphetamine epidemic and the collapse of the 35W bridge.
During that time, he also was a contributor to the Saturday Early Show, to which he brought his signature "Good Question" segment, started at WCCO-TV, to a national audience. Tracy also reported for the CBS Evening News with Katie Couric on the collapse of the 35W bridge in Minneapolis and flooding in southern Minnesota.
Before joining WCCO-TV, Tracy worked as a reporter at WISN-TV Milwaukee and WBAY-TV Green Bay, Wisc. He is the recipient of five Emmy Awards and the Alfred DuPont-Columbia award for excellence in broadcast journalism.
Tracy was born in St. Paul, Minn. He graduated from St. Thomas Academy and later from Marquette University with bachelor's degrees in broadcast journalism and political science and with a master’s degree in public service. Tracy lives in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="19355432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355432" title="Laudach">
Laudach

Laudach is a river in the Austrian state of Upper Austria. With the outer Laudach, the river reaches a length of something over . The Laudach is a left and the main tributary of the Alm.
The longer, äußere (outer) Laudach is the output of the Laudachsee in Gmunden. It passes the city areas of Sankt Konrad, Gschwandt, Kirchham and Vorchdorf from the south.
The smaller tributary, the innere or dürre (inner) Laudach, has its source in the municipality of Kirchham. It forms from two sources, the "Platzbach" and the "Edlbach". The water stems from three hills (Wiesberg, Hacklberg and Feichtenberghills) that lay like a horse shoe around the village Hagenmühle in Kirchham. This right tributary discharges from the south into the "äußere" Laudach north of the center of Vorchdorf.
The Laudach empties into the Alm River about after the junction of the äußeren and inneren Laudach, several times interrupted by small weirs, in the southern area of the city of Bad Wimsbach.
There are a couple of artificial applied ponds alongside the Laudach. 

</doc>
<doc id="19355440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355440" title="Marcela Cuesta">
Marcela Cuesta

Marcela Cuesta (born March 31, 1972) is a retired female butterfly and freestyle swimmer from Costa Rica, who won three medals (one silver and two bronze) with the women's relay team at the 1987 Pan American Games. She represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19355450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355450" title="Laudachsee">
Laudachsee

Laudachsee is a lake between the mountains in the Upper Austrian part of the Salzkammergut and neighbour to the larger Traunsee. Beside are the mountains Traunstein and Grünberg.
In the summer the lake reaches about + 20°C. It drains through Laudach, Alm, Traun into the Danube.

</doc>
<doc id="19355453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355453" title="Simeon Mechev">
Simeon Mechev

Simeon Mechev (born 16 March 1990 in Stara Zagora) is a Bulgarian football midfielder who plays for Botev Vratsa. His Height is 1,70m and his weight is 64 kg. He plays in defence, originally on the left side but he can also play and the right side.
Family.
His mother - Malina is a Bulgarian pop folk singer and Football agent, but his father Krasimir Mechev is a Bulgarian retired footballer.
Career.
Youth Clubs.
Born in Stara Zagora Mechev played for two youth clubs in your home town, ranging from 1997 to 2007, including Trayana and Beroe. In January 2008 he moved to Slavia Sofia and signed first professional contract.

</doc>
<doc id="19355454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355454" title="Carolina Mauri">
Carolina Mauri

Carolina Mauri (born November 13, 1969) is a freestyle swimmer from Costa Rica, who won a total number of three medals (one silver and two bronze) with the women's relay team at the 1987 Pan American Games. She represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19355481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355481" title="BL 13.5 inch naval gun Mk I – IV">
BL 13.5 inch naval gun Mk I – IV

The BL 13.5 inch naval gun Mk I ("67-ton gun") was Britain's first successful large breechloading naval gun. Mks I - IV were all of 30 calibres length and of similar construction and performance.
United Kingdom service.
Royal Navy service.
The gun was designed to match the new large guns of the French battleships. Development and manufacture occurred very slowly. It was originally intended to equip the s, begun in 1880, but delays led to being equipped with inferior 12 inch guns and with the subsequently unsuccessful 16.25 inch guns.
The remaining Admiral-class ships, , , and , were eventually completed in 1889 equipped with four 13.5 inch guns each, in twin barbettes on the centreline at each end of the superstructure.
The guns also equipped the subsequent laid down in 1886 and s laid down in 1889.
Coast defence service.
A single Mk III gun was mounted as a disappearing gun for coast defence at Penlee Battery, Plymouth.
Italian service.
Guns were also sold to Italy to arm the s , , and , laid down in 1884 and finally commissioned in 1893 and 1895.
<br style="clear:left;" >

</doc>
<doc id="19355482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355482" title="Montserrat Hidalgo">
Montserrat Hidalgo

Montserrat Hidalgo (born January 3, 1968) is a retired female breaststroke swimmer from Costa Rica, who won the bronze medal in the women's 4x100m relay event at the 1987 Pan American Games. She swam for Costa Rica at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19355485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355485" title="Robert Ratcliff">
Robert Ratcliff

Robert Frederick Ratcliff (1867–1943), was an English brewer, Territorial Army officer and politician who represented Burton.
Ratcliff was the son of Robert Ratcliff and his wife Emily. His father was a brewer in the partnership of Bass Ratcliff and Gretton and lived at Newton Solney in south Derbyshire. He was educated at Rossall School and Cambridge University. Ratcliff followed his father into the brewery and was also an active member of the territorial reserve. He was commissioned into the 2nd Volunteer Battalion of the 5th Staffordshire Rifle Volunteer Corps on 19 March 1887, as a Second-Lieutenant serving with "B" Company at Burton. He was promoted to Lieutenant on 27 July 1889, Captain on 23 January 1892, and Major 18 July 1900. 
In 1900 Ratcliff was elected as Liberal Unionist Member of Parliament for Burton. With the reformation of the Territorial reserves he became Honorary Lieutenant-Colonel of the 6th North Staffordshire Regiment on 21 September 1907 and succeeded John Gretton as Lieutenant-Colonel in command of the 6th North Staffords on 18 November 1909. In 1912 he changed his parliamentary allegiance and became Conservative MP for Burton. On the outbreak World War I the reserves were mobilised and on 20 May 1915 he took command of the 1/6 North Staffordshires. The battalion saw heavy fighting in the Battle of Loos at the Hohenzollern Redoubt. Ratcliff gave up his parliamentary seat in 1918. He maintained his links with the Territorial Army and when it was reformed in 1921, Ratcliff was again in command of the 6th North Staffords until 1924. He was on the committee of the County Territorial Army Association from 1922 to 1925. He served as High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1929. Among his charitable activities, he built the village hall at Newton Solney.

</doc>
<doc id="19355488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355488" title="Pauls Sokolovs">
Pauls Sokolovs

Pauls Sokolovs (born 1902, date of death unknown) was a Latvian footballer who competed for Latvia national football team at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
Sokolovs started playing football with JKS Riga in the early years after World War I. In 1923 he joined the newly founded RFK for which he played until the end of his football career. Over the years from 1923 to 1928 Sokolovs won three Latvian Higher League titles and became a two-time winner of the Riga Football Cup. Sokolovs played 8 international matches for Latvia national football team from 1923 to 1925, including a participation at the 1924 Summer Olympics. Sokolovs also played ice hockey and played several matches for Latvia national ice hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="19355505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355505" title="Tōkyōdō Shoten">
Tōkyōdō Shoten

The main office of Tōkyōdō Shoten is located in the Kanda-Jinbōchō area of Tokyo, sharing a building with one of its retail stores and an office of Tōkyōdō Publishing. Its main competitors are the Sanseidō Shoten and Shosen Grande stores.
History.
Hakubunkan established Tōkyōdō in 1891 as a retail book business. The company quickly moved into book publishing as well. In 1941, the company ceased using the . Tōkyōdō split into two companies in 1964: Tōkyōdō Shoten and Tōkyōdō Publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="19355516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355516" title="Alicia Boscatto">
Alicia Boscatto

Alicia María Boscatto (born June 16, 1960) is a retired female breaststroke swimmer from Argentina, who won the silver medal in the Women's 200m Breaststroke event at the 1987 Pan American Games. She represented her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984 in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19355531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355531" title="Eurasia Heritage Foundation">
Eurasia Heritage Foundation

The Eurasia Heritage Foundation is a Russia-registered non-government organization established in Moscow in 2004 to study current political, economic and social trends in the New Independent States. In 2005 the foundation opened its representative office in the Ukrainian capital Kyiv. Elena Yatsenko is the President of the Eurasia Heritage Foundation since 2005.
Mission and activities.
The Eurasia Heritage Foundation proclaims its goals as "establishing a mechanism for effective and efficient communications among the intellectual, political and business elites in the New Independent States; providing the government agencies, international organizations, national elites, mass media with the expertise on the political and socioeconomic processes in the New Independent States; promoting the topics, which are of prime importance to the New Independent States worldwide."
The main activities of the foundation are as follows: conducting researches in the sphere of international relations, social and migration policies; studying and developing concepts and strategies of regional integration; making political, economic and social forecasts; holding conferences, roundtables and workshops; publishing.
In 2004 the Eurasia Heritage Foundation launched “Eurasian Home” analytical and information bilingual website, which is positioned as "an open forum for dialogue and reflection, bringing together experts, politicians and journalists from the New Independent States, Russia, European Union, Asia and America."
Partners.
The Eurasia Heritage Foundation has a large network of partners in Russia and abroad. Those partners are the Moscow School of Social and Economic Sciences (Russia), “Development Center” Economic Studies Foundation (Russia), the Russkiy Mir Foundation (Russia), the Institute of Public Engineering (Russia), the London School of Economics and Political Science (Great Britain), “NOVAK” Laboratory of Axiometrical Research (Belarus), the Social Monitoring Centre (Ukraine) and others.
The foundation carried out joint projects with the government agencies and international organizations, such as the Commonwealth of Independent States Executive Committee, the Eurasian Economic Community Secretariat, the Ministry of Industry and Energy of the Russian Federation, the Ministry for Economic Development of the Russian Federation, the Foreign Ministry of the Russian Federation, the Regional Development Ministry of the Russian Federation, the Federal Migration Service of the Russian Federation, the Committee on the CIS Affairs and Relations with Compatriots of the State Duma of the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation, the Committee on the CIS Affairs of the Council of Federation of the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation.
The Eurasia Heritage Foundation takes part in the grant programs of the Public Chamber of the Russian Federation.
The Eurasia Heritage Foundation is one of the founders of “Business Centre for the Economic Development of the CIS” nonprofit partnership; an associate member of Donors Forum of Russia and a corporative member of Eurasian Academy of Television and Radio.
Publishing.
Jointly with “Development Center” Economic Studies Foundation, the Eurasia Heritage Foundation prepares Economic Review “Eurasian Economic Community+ Ukraine” bulletin.
In 2005-2008 the Eurasia Heritage Foundation published the following reports: “Single Economic Space: viability, implications and prospects” (2005), “Policy of immigration and naturalization in Russia” (2005); “Thinking Russia: Description of Modern Intellectual Trends” (2006), “The Russian language in the New Independent States”(2008).

</doc>
<doc id="19355533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355533" title="Pi Goun Tong">
Pi Goun Tong

Pi Goun Tong (; ) is a Thai Boran Lakorn which has been remade several times. It stars Matika Arthakornsiripho as Nang Pi Goun tong, and is based on Thai Mythology. Pi Goun (พิกุล) is a type of flower. Tong (ทอง) means gold, and is also the name of the main character.
Plot.
Pi Goun Tong is the daughter of the king, and was born with a gold flower in her mouth. A fortuneteller predicts that Pi Goun will bring bad luck to the kingdom, and that the king must abandon Pi Goun. The king follows the fortuneteller's advice and keeps Pi Goun away from the kingdom. A childless man finds her and cares for her, though his pregnant wife does not approve. When Pi Goun grows up, her adopted mother abuses her both physically and verbally. She demands that Pi Goun give her the gold, but Pi Goun, unwilling to give it to a cruel person like her, refuses. The mother refuses to feed her, though the father remains kind. Pi Goun runs away.
When Pi Goun grows up, a prince falls in love with her, but a giantess is jealous of Pi Goun's beauty. She transforms Pi Goun into a monkey and makes herself appear to be Pi Goun. After giantess fools the prince into thinking she is the woman he loves, Pi Goun finds a way to break the curse and reunites with him.

</doc>
<doc id="19355542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355542" title="Dinofelis paleoonca">
Dinofelis paleoonca

Dinofelis paleoonca ("terrible cat") is a species of saber-toothed cats belonging to the tribe Metailurini of the family "Felidae" endemic to North America during the Pliocene living from 4.9—1.8 mya, existing for approximately .
Taxonomy.
"Dinofelis paleoonca" was named by Meade (1945). Its type locality is Meade's Quarry 11, which is in a Blancan terrestrial horizon in the Blanco Formation of Texas. It was recombined as Dinofelis palaeoonca by Kurten (1972), Hemmer (1973), Dalquest (1975), Kurten and Anderson (1980), Schultz (1990) and Werdelin and Lewis (2001).
Morphology.
Body mass.
Two specimens were examined by Legendre and Roth for body mass The first specimen was estimated to have a weight of . The second was estimated to have a weight of .
Fossil distribution.
Three specimens were found in Texas and Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="19355551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355551" title="Trebunie-Tutki">
Trebunie-Tutki

Trebunie-Tutki is a folk musical group consisting of a family of musicians originating from Biały Dunajec village near Zakopane, Poland. Though there are many members of the extended family that play music, the core musicians currently are Władysław Trebunia-Tutki (violin & vocals), his son Krzysztof (violin & vocals) and daughter Anna (basy & vocals). 
They are known for their collaboration with the Jamaican reggae band Twinkle Brothers, in which the two groups combine traditional mountain music of the Polish górale with reggae. Their joint record, "Pieśni Chwały" (Songs of Glory), went gold in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19355564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355564" title="Xian MA600">
Xian MA600

The Xian MA600 (MA for Modern Ark) is an improved version of the Xian MA60 manufactured by Xi'an Aircraft Industry Company Ltd under AVIC I. 
Xi'an Aircraft Industry rolled out its first MA600 turboprop on the 29 June 2008. MA600 made its maiden flight in September 2008. The aircraft is equipped with new avionics, improved passenger cabin and engines with increased thrust when compared to MA60. 
Powered by Pratt & Whitney Canada PW127J turboprop engines, it has a 60 passenger capacity.
As of October 2008, Xi'an has received 136 orders from Africa, Asia and Latin America. Liu Jieyin, President of Okay Airways is quoted as saying that his company had purchased the new model.
Xi'an Aircraft Industry Co., manufacturer of the MA600, noted that the successful test flight is "an important milestone" in Chinese domestic aircraft production. MD Meng Xiangkai revealed that the aircraft is expected to obtain its airworthiness certificate and enter service in the second half of 2009, with the first delivery to the Civil Aviation Flight University of China in Sichuan Province. Batch delivery will start in 2010.
The aircraft will be equipped with the Becker-Communications "DVCS6100 Digital Intercom System,Cabin Intercommunication and Passenger Address". The cockpit is equipped with the Rockwell Collins Pro Line 21 avionics suite.
MA700.
MA700 is the development of MA600, which is a stretched version of MA600 with up to 70 seats. Maiden flight is scheduled in 2015, state certification is scheduled two years later in 2017, and the commercial service is scheduled to begin in 2018. MA700 is designed to be have an increase of fuel efficiency of 20% and the reduction of operating cost of 10% in comparison to MA600, despite being larger than MA600.

</doc>
<doc id="19355579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355579" title="Tony Krsticevic">
Tony Krsticevic

Antonio (Tony) Krsticevic (born 13 June 1966) is an Australian politician, and the Liberal member for Carine in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly. He was elected at the 2008 election.
Born in Croatia, Krsticevic emigrated to Australia at the age of three with his family a few years after his father established himself, and became a citizen at age 10. After completing a Bachelor of Business with a major in Accounting and Computing, he worked for 20 years at the Australian Taxation Office in Perth. He also served on the Ethnic Communities Council's management committee and was a founding member and the first chairman of the Croatian Community Council, as well as coaching the local junior soccer team in Balcatta.
He joined the Liberal Party in January 2008 after being asked to nominate for Carine after the incumbent member, Katie Hodson-Thomas, announced her retirement.
His maiden speech referred to his Catholic beliefs in his maiden speech in parliament, and was identified by Amanda O'Brien of the Australian newspaper as part of a four-member "god squad" in WA politics.

</doc>
<doc id="19355582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355582" title="I'll Take You There (novel)">
I'll Take You There (novel)

"I'll Take You There" is a 2002 novel by Joyce Carol Oates.
Plot summary.
A smart student, Anellia, joins a sorority in Syracuse, New York. Soon enough, she crumbles under the exorbitant debt she runs up. Finally, she pretends she indulges in irrational behavior to get out of the sorority and move into affordable accommodation elsewhere on campus.
She falls for a black student who audits her philosophy lectures. After she stalks him for a while, they sleep together. Eventually, she learns that he is married and has left his wife and children.
She drives to Crescent, Utah to meet her dying father. After his death, he bequeaths his money to her, but she decides to give it to his mistress. She buries him to Strykersville, New York, as he requested.

</doc>
<doc id="19355590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355590" title="Piaa Bajpai">
Piaa Bajpai

Piaa Bajpai is an Indian film actress and model, who appears in South Indian cinema. She is best known for her performances as Roshini in Venkat Prabhu's comedy "Goa" and Saro in K. V. Anand's political thriller "Ko". Piaa, with the motive of acting in films, earlier had been a model in commercials.
Early life.
Piaa Bajpai was born in Etawah but resettled in Delhi at 16 to attend a computer course while hoping to gain a break in films. Though her parents opposed her decision, she enrolled for a diploma in computer science, whilst undertaking small jobs such as working as a receptionist and tutoring in order to earn money to make a good portfolio. However after a year, the office job left her restless and she relocated to Mumbai on her own money. Piaa then began to work as a dubbing artiste for serials, but found the job depressing and moved onto modelling appearing in print-ads, commercials and music videos. Most notably, she went on to feature in adverts for Cadbury alongside veteran actor, Amitabh Bachchan and Sonata with cricketer, Mahendra Singh Dhoni. She was eventually signed on by noted film-maker Priyadarshan to appear in a commercial he directed and it became a platform for her to break into films.
Career.
After appearing in Priyadarshan's commercial, he offered her a chance to play a part in his Tamil film production, and Piaa accepted the offer after an audition. The comedy film, "Poi Solla Porom", was directed by A. L. Vijay and featured Karthik Kumar and Nassar in pivotal roles. Upon release the film won critical acclaim and favourable reviews, with Piaa's performance labelled as "bubbly and cheery". She went on to feature in Raju Sundaram's "Aegan" as a college student, with the film featuring her alongside Ajith Kumar, Nayantara and Navdeep. The film, a remake of 2004 Hindi film "Main Hoon Na", received average reviews whilst Piaa's portrayal of Amrita Rao's character from the original also garnered a mixed response with a critic citing "she hams it", whilst another cited "she was promising" in her role. In 2009, she appeared in a low-budget Telugu film, "Ninnu Kalisaka" and won positive acclaim for her portrayal of her character.
On the final day of sets for "Aegan", Ajith Kumar introduced her to director Venkat Prabhu, who signed her for "Goa" sixth months later, to appear as the love interest of Jai in the film. During the making of the film in Langkawi, the crew cited that the hotel was haunted and Piaa came out with an account of an eerie experience in her hotel room. "Goa" became her big break and Piaa won critical acclaim for her portrayal of Goan girl Roshini with critics citing that she looked "promising" and "endearing", while the award-winning song "Idhu Varai" was shot featuring her character. With the help of director Vijay, she was selected to portray the lead role in Siddharth Chandrasekhar's comedy "Bale Pandiya" alongside Vishnu, becoming her first major release as a lead heroine. The film won mixed reviews, though Piaa's role was praised with a critic from Sify citing that "Piaa is improving with every film and looks cute".
Piaa's next release was K. V. Anand's political thriller "Ko", in which she portrayed Saraswathi, a journalist, alongside Jeeva, Karthika Nair and Ajmal. Prior to release Piaa has revealed that the film will be a milestone in her career, citing that she is waiting for the release of the film adamantly. The film went on to win commercial and critical acclaim, with Piaa's performance winning particular praise. A critic cited that "Piaa is outstanding in a supporting role" and that "her natural flair in comedy brings the house down", whilst other reviewers labelled her as "effective" and that "she does the part well". She has recently signed on to appear in her first Malayalam language film, "Masters" opposite Prithviraj. She recently signed a yet-untitled Tamil film to be directed by Lakshmy Ramakrishnan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19355609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355609" title="Senior Wrangler (University of Cambridge)">
Senior Wrangler (University of Cambridge)

The Senior Wrangler is the top mathematics undergraduate at Cambridge University in England, a position once regarded as "the greatest intellectual achievement attainable in Britain."
Specifically, it is the person who achieves the highest overall mark among the Wranglers – the students at Cambridge who gain first-class degrees in mathematics. The Cambridge undergraduate mathematics course, or Mathematical Tripos, is famously difficult.
Many Senior Wranglers have become world-leading figures in mathematics, physics, and other fields. They include George Airy, John Herschel, Arthur Cayley, James Inman, George Stokes, Isaac Todhunter, Morris Pell, Lord Rayleigh, Arthur Eddington, J. E. Littlewood, Frank Ramsey, Donald Coxeter, Jacob Bronowski and Ben Green.
Senior Wranglers were once fêted with torchlit processions and took pride of place in the University's graduation ceremony. Years in Cambridge were often remembered by who had been Senior Wrangler that year.
The annual ceremony in which the Senior Wrangler becomes known was first held in the 18th century. Standing on the balcony of the University's Senate House, the examiner reads out the class results for mathematics, and printed copies of the results are then thrown to the audience below. He no longer announces the students' exact rankings, but he still identifies the Senior Wrangler, nowadays by tipping his academic hat when he reads out the person's name.
Others who finished in the top 12.
The difficulty of the examinations is illustrated by the identities of some of those who have performed well, but less well than the Senior Wrangler.
Those who have achieved second place, known as Second Wranglers, include Alfred Marshall, James Clerk Maxwell, J. J. Thomson, and Lord Kelvin.
Those who have finished between third and 12th include Karl Pearson and William Henry Bragg (third), George Green and G. H. Hardy (fourth), Adam Sedgwick (fifth), John Venn (sixth), Bertrand Russell and Nevil Maskelyne (seventh), Thomas Malthus (ninth), and John Maynard Keynes (12th).
History.
Between 1748 and 1909, the University publicly announced the ranking, which was then reported in newspapers such as "The Times". The examination was considered to be by far the most important in Britain and the Empire. The prestige of being a high Wrangler was great; the respect accorded to the Senior Wrangler was immense. Andrew Warwick, author of "Masters of Theory", describes the term 'Senior Wrangler' as "synonymous with academic supremacy".
Since 1910, successful students in the examinations have been told their rankings privately, and not all Senior Wranglers have become publicly known as such.
Of those who have become publicly known, the only female Senior Wrangler was Ruth Hendry in 1992, but women were not allowed to receive degrees at Cambridge until 1948.
The youngest person to be Senior Wrangler is probably Arran Fernandez, who came top in 2013, aged 18 years and 0 months. The previous youngest was probably James Wilkinson in 1939, aged 19 years and 9 months. The youngest up to 1909 were Alfred Flux in 1887, aged 20 years and 2 months and Peter Tait in 1852, aged 20 years and 8 months.
Two individuals have placed first without becoming known as Senior Wrangler. One was the student Philippa Fawcett in 1890. At that time, although the University allowed women to take the examinations, it did not allow them to be members of the University, nor to receive degrees. Therefore they could not be known as 'Wranglers', and were merely told how they had performed compared to the male candidates, for example, "equal to the Third Wrangler", or "between the Seventh and Eighth Wranglers". Having gained the highest mark, Fawcett was declared to have finished "above the Senior Wrangler".
The other was the mathematics professor George Pólya. Having contributed to reforming the Tripos with the aim that an excellent performance would be less dependent on solving hard problems and more so on showing a broad mathematical understanding and knowledge, G H Hardy asked Pólya to sit the examinations himself, unofficially, during his stay in England in 1924–5. Pólya did so, and to Hardy's surprise, received the highest mark, an achievement which, had he been a student, would have made him the Senior Wrangler.
Derived uses of the term.
Senior Wrangler's Walk is a path in Cambridge, the walk to and along which was considered to be sufficient constitutional exercise for a student aspiring to become the Senior Wrangler. The route was shorter than other walks, such as Wranglers' Walk and the Grantchester Grind, undertaken by undergraduates whose aspirations were lower.
Senior Wrangler sauce is a Cambridge term for brandy butter, a type of hard sauce made from brandy, butter, and sugar, traditionally served in Britain with Christmas pudding and warm mince pies.
Senior Wrangler is also the name of a solitaire card game, alternatively known as Mathematics and Double Calculation, played with two decks of cards and involving elementary modular arithmetic.
Literary references.
Fictional Senior Wranglers appearing in novels include Roger Hamley, a character in Elizabeth Gaskell's "Wives and Daughters", and Tom Jericho, the cryptanalyst in Robert Harris's novel "Enigma", who is described as having been Senior Wrangler in 1938.
In George Bernard Shaw's play Mrs. Warren's Profession, the title character's daughter Vivie is praised for "tieing with the third wrangler," and comments that "the mathematical tripos" means "grind, grind, grind for six to eight hours a day at mathematics, and nothing but mathematics."
The character Christopher Tietjens in Ford Madox Ford's Parade's End is described as having settled for only being Second Wrangler.
In his Discworld series of novels, Terry Pratchett has a character called the Senior Wrangler, a faculty member at the Unseen University, whose first name is Horace.
The compiler of crosswords for "The Leader" in the 1930s used 'Senior Wrangler' as a pseudonym.
Coaches.
The two most successful 19th-century coaches of Senior Wranglers were William Hopkins and Edward Routh. Hopkins, the 'Senior Wrangler Maker', who himself was the 7th Wrangler, coached 17 Senior Wranglers. Routh, who had himself been the Senior Wrangler, coached 27.
Senior Wranglers and runners up, 1748–1909.
During 1748–1909, the top two colleges in terms of number of Senior Wranglers were Trinity and St John's with 56 and 54 respectively. Gonville and Caius was third with 13.
Senior Wranglers since 1910.
Senior Wranglers since 1910 also include:

</doc>
<doc id="19355645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355645" title="Dinailurictis">
Dinailurictis

Dinailurictis is an extinct prehistoric carnivore nimravid belonging to subfamily Nimravinae. It lived during late Oligocene in Europe.
Its believed that Dinailurictis is probably a synonym of Quercylurus major, and Quercylurus is a synonym of Nimravus intermedius major. So it means that Dinailurictis and Quercylurus may have looked like Nimravus, but all species of Nimravus were no larger than a large lynx and Quercylurus was about 1m high and its weight was 300 kg, also Quercylurus major is older than Dinailurictis. This shows that Quercylurus might be ancestral to Dinailurictis.
If Dinailurictis was a synonym of Quercylurus, it might have a sleek body like caracal but its back was longer and feet of this nimravid probably were more dog-like than cat-like with partially retractable claws. Dinailurictis and Quercylurus probably hunted small mammals and birds. Its technique of hunting was ambushing them like modern cats rather chasing them down. there is only one known species of this rare nimravid - Dinailurictis bonali

</doc>
<doc id="19355649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355649" title="Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway">
Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway

The Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway was a joint railway owned by the Great Northern Railway (GNR) and the London and North Western Railway (LNWR) in east Leicestershire.
Location.
The joint line started from Welham junction and Drayton junction on the LNWR Rugby and Stamford Railway in the south. These junctions allowed traffic to join from either direction. The lines from these junctions ran north and converged at Hallaton junction and then continued via Melton Mowbray to Stathern junction, where the line split. One branch ran north west and joined the GNR Grantham to Nottingham line at Saxondale junction for access to Nottingham. The other line ran north to Bottesford junction on the same line, where curves allowed through running east towards Grantham or west towards Nottingham.
Connecting Lines.
In connection with the joint line, the LNWR double tracked their previously single track Rugby to Stamford line between Rugby and Seaton and built a new double track line from Seaton to Yarwell junction near Wansford on their Northampton to Peterborough line. 
The GNR built a branch from the joint line from Marefield junction to a new station at Leicester Belgrave Road, and a line from the end of the joint line at Bottesford north to Newark. They also built the Fletton curve in Peterborough between Longville junction on the LNWR line and Fletton junction on the GNR main line to allow trains arriving from the west to access the GNR station in Cowgate.
Early days.
The line opened between Melton and Saxondale junction on 1 September 1879, and from Harby & Stathern to Newark and Melton to Welham and Drayton junctions on 15 December]. The initial services were Northampton to Nottingham, Northampton to Newark and Melton to Grantham.
The Newark to Northampton service was not a success, so was withdrawn on 1 May 1882. Bottesford South station was closed at the same time. The through services were replaced by a connecting services from Harby & Stathern to Newark.
On 1 January 1883, the GNR opened their line from Marefield Junction to a new station at Leicester Belgrave Road. Marefield junction was triangular to allow through running to the north or south on the joint line. From Leicester, the GNR laid on services to Grantham via Melton and to Peterborough North via Seaton and Wansford.
20th century.
In 1900, the Great Central Railway opened Victoria station in Nottingham. The GNR built a connecting line and diverted all their trains to the new centrally located station, but the LNWR opted to continue terminating their trains at London Road station, now renamed London Road Low Level to distinguish it from London Road High Level on the new connecting line to Victoria.
This did nothing to encourage growth on this route, and this fault was not remedied until 1944 when these services were at last diverted to Victoria by the LMS.
In 1910 the services comprised each way six per day on the Northampton to Nottingham route and the same Leicester to Grantham, three Leicester to Peterborough, two Leicester to Lowesby and one Leicester to Newark which interconnected with a Northampton to Nottingham train at Harby.
The Leicester to Peterborough service was stopped as a war economy in 1916, and Medbourne station was closed. The station was accidentally burned down shortly after. The track was singled but continued in use for goods.
The remaining Leicester to Newark train and the Lowesby locals had also gone by 1922, at which time the service comprised each way five per day on the Northampton to Nottingham route, operated by the LNWR, and four per day on the Leicester to Grantham route, operated by the GNR.
Unfortunately, several routes provided by the joint line competed with faster and more frequent trains of the Midland Railway. For example, in 1922, the Melton to Nottingham route was served by five trains via the joint line in around 55 minutes, but the Midland Railway provided fourteen on their route with several trains taking only 25 minutes. Similarly, between Melton and Leicester, the joint line provided four trains taking 53 minutes compared to the Midland's fourteen with a best of 24 minutes.
As a result, the joint line relied too much on traffic to and from minor intermediate village stations and by 1950 there were only two trains each way on the Leicester to Grantham route, one of these was a semi-fast timed to connect with the Flying Scotsman, but this was withdrawn in 1951. Regular services finally ceased on 7 December 1953. Summer specials, mainly Leicester to Skegness or Mablethorpe, which had always been the one bright spot for the line, survived until 1962. Through goods traffic lasted until 1964.
Goods.
Many through goods trains used the line, especially between Market Harborough and Newark. Local traffic was mainly derived from ironstone workings near Waltham-on-the-Wolds. These working were served by a GNR branch line from Scalford opened on 5 April 1883. Waltham also had a station but it was only used for race specials and never had a regular service.
Closure.
The line closed to regular passenger trains on 7 December 1953, but retained a healthy goods traffic and also the summer specials, but the specials ended and the through goods trains had been diverted onto other lines by 1962, when most of the line was closed. 
A few fragments remained in use for a few years: The goods, coal and petrol depots at Belgrave Road were served by a rebuilt connection from the Midland Railway. This connection had been built for the supply of materials during construction and not used since. The oil depot was the last to close, on 1 January 1969.
An oil depot at Redmile was served by the line from Bottesford. The curve from Bottesford south to west junction was rebuilt for this traffic, it had originally closed in 1882 after being found to be unnecessary as traffic for Nottingham naturally used the line via Barnstone. The GNR owned section from Bottesford to Newark remained open until 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19355662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355662" title="Dirty dairying">
Dirty dairying

In New Zealand "dirty dairying" refers to the ongoing damage to the ecological health of New Zealand's freshwater environment by the intensification of dairy farming, and also to the high profile campaign begun in 2002 by the Fish and Game Council to highlight and combat this. 
The campaign led to the creation in 2003 of the Dairying and Clean Streams Accord, a voluntary agreement between Fonterra, Ministry for the Environment, Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry, and regional councils.
Effects.
Intensive dairy farming practices has led to water pollution from cattle effluent in many of the streams and rivers in New Zealand. The Waikato River has had a long history of water pollution and now fails health regulations for human contact. It passes through the highly productive Waikato Region, where dairy farming is a common land use. More recently, the Manawatu River has been highlighted in the media due to its high pollution levels. Lake Ellesmere has suffered from eutrophication since the 1970s due to farming activities in the area, Lake Taupo has had government funding to curb pollution, and the Rotorua lakes are heavily polluted. A study using water quality data from 1996 to 2002 found that the vast majority of lowland rivers and streams passing through pastoral land were polluted.
Prosecutions.
There have been a number of prosecutions for dirty dairying. Over a four-year period from July 2008 until June 2012 at least 151 prosecutions involving 300 charges were made for unlawful discharges of dairy effluent. Environment Court fines collected for the period totalled $NZ$3.2 million.
Some notable cases include:

</doc>
<doc id="19355669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355669" title="Quercylurus">
Quercylurus

Quercylurus is an extinct genus of the family "Nimravidae", subfamily "Nimravinae". Like "Pogonodon" and "Nimravus", it lived during the Eocene epoch (30.8mya).
"Quercylurus" is part of a family of "false sabre-tooths". It was possibly the largest nimravid ever known. "Quercylurus" was the same size as a today's brown bear and was scansorial. It was very muscular, walked on plantigrade (flat-footed). So far, there is only one described species within this genus - "Q. major".
Taxonomy.
"Quercylurus" was named by Ginsburg (1979). It was assigned to Felidae by Carroll (1988), but later, it was then later placed within Nimravidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19355674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355674" title="Emīls Urbāns">
Emīls Urbāns

Emīls Urbāns was a Latvian footballer, a three-time champion of Latvia.
Biography.
Before World War I Urbāns played in a youth football club called Jakor Riga together with other future Latvia national football team footballers Kārlis Bone, Alberts Šeibelis and others. His best years in football came in the mid-1920s when he played with RFK (from 1924 to 1927) and with Riga Vanderer (from 1928). When playing with RFK Urbāns won three Latvian Higher League titles and two Riga Football Cups. In 1927 he was first capped for the national football team and in his second match for Latvia he scored his first goal. In total he played 9 matches for Latvia between 1927 and 1928 and scored two goals. In later years as a member of the Riga Vanderer sports club Urbāns appeared in less and less matches and he last played for Vanderer in 1935, although he remained a member of Riga Vanderer club after he finished playing. In addition to his football career Urbāns was a gifted bandy player and even played for Latvia national bandy team in its first international match.

</doc>
<doc id="19355678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355678" title="Azerbaijan in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Azerbaijan in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Azerbaijan participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, making their second appearance at the contest. Arash and Aysel Teymurzadeh represented Azerbaijan at the contest as a duo after Teymurzadeh was internally selected by the Azeri broadcaster, İctimai Televiziya və Radio Yayımları Şirkəti (İTV). Initially Arash was the author of the selected song and was later invited to perform it alongside Teymurzadeh.
Selection.
A multi-artist national final, similar to last year's "Land of Fire", was planned to be held by İTV. However, after the quality of the entries was deemed poor, İTV decided to hold an internal selection for the artist that will represent Azerbaijan in the 2009 contest.
On 17 January it was revealed that Aysel Teymurzadeh, a nineteen-year-old R&B singer, has been selected to represent Azerbaijan at the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest in Moscow, Russia. She was selected by a seven-member jury appointed by İTV. A press conference was held by İTV later on in the day, Teymurzadeh was presented as the Azerbaijani representative. On 5 February it was announced that the same jury unanimously chose the song "Always" written by and performed as a duet with Iranian-Swedish singer and entertainer Arash among 30 proposed songs sent to an open call.
The contest.
As part of their promo tour, Aysel Teymurzadeh and Arash visited Slovenia, Romania and Sweden before heading to Moscow for their final rehearsals.
The international team behind AySel & Arash included experts from Sweden, Ukraine, Russia, UK and Azerbaijan itself. The outfits Aysel Teymurzadeh and Arash wore on stage were designed by the Swedish couturier Lars Wallin.
During the rehearsals in Moscow, the Azerbaijan representatives were visited by the Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin.
Azerbaijan's entry was regarded as a favourite and had been predicted by many as being likely to finish in the top five in the final.
Since Azerbaijan is not one of the "Big Four" nor the host of the 2009 contest, it had to compete in one of the two semi-finals. According to the draw for semi-finals, Azerbaijan competed in Semi-final 2 on May 14. The country was seeded 11th in the order of performance. During the Final on May 16, the Azerbaijani duo finished third with 207 points. Televoters awarded the Azerbaijani entry 2nd place, while the juries ranked Azerbaijan 8th. The combined result was the third place.
Azerbaijani entry received votes from 34 out of 41 countries of the Contest, Azerbaijan excluded. Azerbaijan's third place is considered a great success for the country, which participated in the contest only for the second time.
AySel & Arash became the winners of the 4th Annual ESC Radio Awards in the category of the Best Group.
Controversies.
Votestacking allegations.
After the finish of Eurovision 2009, some Belarusian media reported that unknown people allegedly paid Belarusian students to vote for Azerbaijan, and supposedly even transported them to the Belarusian-Lithuanian border in 10 buses. The cost of whole action is claimed to be about 55 million roubles. They voted for Azerbaijan with the help of Belarusian SIM cards and then received Lithuanian cards to do the same. “Always” received high votes from Belarus (10) and Lithuania (5), being even ahead of Russia in Belarus. The head of the Azerbaijani diaspora in Belarus, which numbers tens of thousands of people, Natik Baghirov said that he did not know anything about the action, and that the song received support from the entire Europe, not just Belarus and Lithuania, while Sergey Malinovsky, Belorussian jury member of the Eurovision, openly doubted that such vote irregularity could take place, and believed that the Azerbaijani song received public support because of its catchy melody and good performance. However, European Radio for Belarus had an unofficial confirmation from the Minsk auto parks that they do it every year for various countries.
Video clip controversies.
Following the protests of Azerbaijani officials, Eurovision’s Russian hosts removed from the video of the Armenian performers the image of the monument We Are Our Mountains, which is located in Nagorno-Karabakh region of Azerbaijan. In response, the edited image was used as a background by Armenian Public Television during the announcement of the voting results in Armenia.
Azerbaijan's reel depicted Maqbaratoshoara and Segonbad monuments, the symbols of the cities of Tabriz and Urumieh in the Azerbaijan region of Iran. The Armenian media have complained that while Eurovision forbade demonstration of the Armenian monument located in Nagorno-Karabakh region after the protest of Azerbaijani government, it allowed the inclusion of the Iranian monuments.
State surveillance and questioning of voters.
In August 2009 a number of Azerbaijanis who had voted for Armenia's entry during the contest were called in for questioning at the Ministry of National Security in Baku, during which they were accused of being "unpatriotic" and "a potential security threat". One of those questioned later said that he was told by his interrogators that they had the names and addresses of 43 Azerbaijanis who had voted for Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19355682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355682" title="July Systems">
July Systems

July Systems is a cloud-based mobile application platform provider, founded in July 2001 by Rajesh T S Reddy, the CEO. Headquartered in San Francisco, California, United States, July’s Mi Platform is designed to enable businesses to build, run and manage real-time connected mobile applications across multiple devices.
The July Systems’ Mi Platform is used by companies across various industries such as sports, media, entertainment, retail, automobile, travel and more. Customers include CBS Sports, The Wall Street Journal, Discovery Channel, Unilever, Toys "R" Us, NBA, NDTV and Just Dial, among others.
July Systems is privately funded and backed by venture funds including Intel Capital, West Bridge Capital, Updata Partners, and Footprint Ventures. The company has raised 30 Mn USD in VC funds to date. The company operates on a SaaS based business model. Customers are charged a monthly subscription fee plus an overage usage fee, which is measured by page views and app requests.
Company Overview.
July Systems provided the first Mobile 2.0 platform of the industry, supporting popular news, media, sports and entertainment businesses. As a result, July Systems won several major global brands as its customers.
Sports
July Systems was one of the pioneers in mobile media industry, providing scores, stats and data on mobile. July Systems started by launching India’s leading cricket portal, Cricketnext.com (a part of Network 18) on mobile. Cricketnext.com offered live, interactive and multi-media services to its fans through July’s platform. They are also rumoured to have designed the iPhone app for ESPNCricinfo.
The Indian Premier League (IPL) partnered with July Systems in 2010 and 2011 and launched IPL mobile internet service, specially designed for the Indian market. For the first time, any cricket fan in India with an internet enabled mobile phone accessed live ball-by-ball video updates, action replays, video score cards and more. For the first two weeks of IPL 3, a million people clicked on the link, resulting in 3.7 million video views and roughly 15,000 hours of video. This was done with Lalit Modi and had to be stopped immediately after IPL2.
July Systems provides a rich mobile platform that is highly scalable due to its AWS (Amazon Web Services) cloud-based model. This feature is particularly important during sporting events like World Championships where demand rises exponentially during a match and drops off again when teams are no longer playing. July Systems’ MiTM Platform powered over 74 million page views. in a single game during the Cricket World Cup 2011.
Media and Entertainment
July Systems became the technology provider of the white-labeled, end-to-end managed cross-operator service in 2005 which allowed German consumers to try mobile games before buying on the portal Firstfun.tv.
NDTV Convergence has constantly partnered with July Systems to launch its mobile channel ‘NDTV Active’ and Mi SMS. ‘NDTV Active’ enabled NDTV to leverage its extensive programming assets to provide users anytime anywhere access to personalized services, content, and promotions on their mobile phones. Mi SMS, touted as a revolutionary mobile Internet information service was specifically created for the Indian market. Robosoft is the primary provider to NDTV now and they power the iPhone and iPad apps.
July Systems had tied up with Zoom TV (leading entertainment television channel) as its partner to make Zoom TV’s premium Bollywood content accessible on the mobile internet, for millions of fans across regions. Television broadcaster Star India Pvt. Ltd partnered with July Systems in 2011 to convert its website Indya.com into a digital distribution platform beaming all kinds of content, including that from rival broadcasters, and generating revenue largely through subscriptions. Omnicom Media Group MENA and July Systems entered into partnership in 2011 that will enable media owners to create and monetize content on mobile internet platforms.
Retail
In 2012, July Systems launched Retail edition of Mi™ Platform Studio to help retail marketers to create and manage mobile promotions themselves. It is a visual tool that can integrate QR code, coupon codes, bar code scanners, location based services and other retail specific modules for customer acquisition and customer loyalty programs. Recently, July has won DealsandYou, one of India’s leading group buying portal as a retail customer.
Several mobile portals like Network 18’s Moneycontrol.com, The Wall Street Journal’s partner Mint and NASCAR.com were supported by July Systems.
Recent Activities
July Systems participated as an exhibitor and speaker at AdTech New Delhi 2012, one of the largest events for digital marketing in India. July Systems was chosen as one of the ’10 Most Promising Mobile Apps Companies’ in 2012 by Silicon India.
Product Highlights.
MiTM Platform is a cloud platform that enables publishers, marketers and brand owners to build, manage, measure and market mobile web and mobile applications across multiple devices and mobile OS.
Personalization
The technology for personalization of mobile content services earned a patent for July Systems. The patent (US Patent 7076562) was issued for July’s Application Intermediation Gateway (AIG), an integral part of July’s mobile service delivery platform, which enables real-time personalization of mobile content services based on any individual subscriber’s history, preferences and more. This empowered mobile operators and content retailers to facilitate content discovery and product promotions with intelligent, user-aware recommendations that present the right content to the right consumer at the right time.
Smart Phone Edition
In April 2009, July came out with a Smart Phone edition of its MiTM Platform for media brands. With this feature, media outlets could publish their content across the mobile web, mobile app stores and carrier decks simultaneously. The Smart Phone edition supported iPhone, BlackBerry, Android devices, their app stores and other smart phones.
Social Network Integration
July Systems has a versatile mobile ecosystem that enables social media fabric to be integrated within any mobile service. Integration of social networks helps July’s clients to acquire, influence, engage and retain new and existing customers in a number of different ways. July Systems’ existing list of MiTM Platform social media modules include Facebook, Twitter, Google Buzz, Digg, Reddit, StumbleUpon, MySpace, Delicious, LinkedIn, BlackBerry Messenger (BBM) and KickApps.
The company has struggled to pivot to a product based play and remains a services based offering. The services part of the contract is typically fulfilled by Happiest Minds. July systems continues to provide support on network monitoring, infra management services.
July Systems announced support for Windows Phone 7.1 (codenamed Mango) into its flagship Mi™ Platform in June 2011. This integration further enhanced Mi™ Platform's pre-integrated ecosystem of device platforms, social and location networks, ad networks, payment gateways, messaging gateways and retail utilities - enabling businesses to rapidly deploy and run sophisticated mobile applications.
Awards.
2009
2010
2011
2012
Events.
eTail West 2012
July Systems participated as an exhibitor and speaker at eTail Palm Springs 2012 (25 February 2012 to 28 February 2012), one of the leading multi-channel and eCommerce conferences in USA.
Ad:Tech New Delhi
July Systems participated as an exhibitor and speaker at AdTech New Delhi 2012 (22 February 2012 to 24 February 2012), one of the largest events for digital marketing in India.
Multichannel Mastery
July Systems participated in Multichannel Mastery Event on 17 May 2012 at London, UK. This exclusive event was hosted by the LinkedIn UK E-commerce group run by Martin Newman, CEO of practicology.com and consultant Catherine Crawley.
eTail Europe 2012 – mCommerce Summit
July Systems participated as an exhibitor at eTail Europe 2012(25 to 27 June 2012), the premier eCommerce event in Europe. Prem Bhatia, President, July Systems was the Chairperson at the mCommerce summit held during the event (25 June 2012) and delivered the opening remarks.
eTail Boston 2012
July Systems participated in eTail Boston (13 to 16 August 2012) at Sheraton Boston Hotel, Boston, MA. Rajesh Reddy, the founder and CEO of July Systems was one of the speakers at eTail Boston 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19355687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355687" title="Christian Fredrik Sissenèr">
Christian Fredrik Sissenèr

Christian Fredrik Møllerop Sissenèr (1849–1903) was a Norwegian real estate owner and politician for the Conservative Party.
Sissenèr was born in Trondhjem, and inherited his mother. From 1873 to 1874 he studied at the Norwegian College of Agriculture at Aas, and in 1874 he bought the manor Tomb in Råde.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from "Smaalenenes Amt" in 1898, and sat through one term. He was later among the founders of "Norsk Landmandsforbund", a forerunner of the Centre Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19355723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355723" title="Charles Ainsworth (politician)">
Charles Ainsworth (politician)

Colonel Charles Ainsworth (25 February 1874 – 10 April 1956) was a British businessman and Conservative politician.
He was born at Ingol, near Preston, Lancashire. Following a private education, he entered the family textile business of Charles Ainsworth and Company Limited, of which he eventually became chairman and managing director. He married Clara Middlemost in 1902, and they had three children.
In the First World War he served in the Middle East as an officer in the Lancashire Fusiliers. Following demobilisation in 1918, he was to maintain his connection with the regiment, becoming the commanding officer of the 5th (Territorial) Battalion from 1928–1933, and being awarded the brevet rank of colonel.
At the 1918 general election he was elected MP for Bury, and held the seat until 1935. In 1931 he was elected to the Grand Council of the Primrose League.
Apart from his business and political interests he was master of the Holcombe Hunt from 1928–1933, and a member of the Church Assembly.
He died at his home in Milton-under-Wychwood, Oxfordshire, in 1956, aged 82.

</doc>
<doc id="19355737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355737" title="Sansanosmilus">
Sansanosmilus

Sansanosmilus (pronounced - San-San-Oh-SMILE-Uss) is an extinct genus of carnivorous mammal of the family Barbourofelidae (false saber-tooth cats) endemic to Europe and Asia, which lived during the Miocene, 13.6—11.1 mya, existing for approximately .
Taxonomy.
"Sansanosmilus" was named by Kretzoi (1929). It was assigned to Hoplophoneinae by Flynn and Galiano (1982); to Felidae by Carroll (1988); to Barbourofelinae by Bryant (1991); and to Barbourofelidae by Morlo et al. (2004) and Morlo (2006)
It had short legs, was very muscular and had a long tail. Sansanosmilus was 1.5 m long and probably weighed around 80 kg.
Species of Sansanosmilus.
However, Robles "et al." (2013) transferred "S. jourdani" (which they considered to be a senior synonym of "S. vallesiensis") to the genus "Albanosmilus".

</doc>
<doc id="19355742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355742" title="Reward dependence">
Reward dependence

Reward dependence is characterized as a tendency to respond markedly to signals of reward, particularly to verbal signals of social approval, social support, and sentiment, and learning to maintain and pursue behaviors which were previously associated with such rewards. When reward dependence levels deviate from normal we see the rise of several personality and addictive disorders.
In psychology, reward dependence is considered a moderately heritable personality trait which is stable throughout our lives. It is an inherited neurophysiological mechanism that drives our perception of our society and the environment. Even though we are born with these personality traits, their expression during our life span can be modulated throughout our development.
Origin and definitions.
Reward dependence is one of the temperament dimensions from the “tridimensional personality theory”, which was proposed by C. Robert Cloninger as part of his “unified bio-social theory of personality”. His personality theory suggested the hypothesis that specific neurochemical transmitters in our brain determine how we respond to a specific stimulus we may experience. 
These innate personality traits can play a significant role not only in an individuals' predisposition to certain disorders, but also in their maintenance of those disorders. 
By understanding the specific temperamental traits that are common among individuals with specific disorders, clinicians can form a more targeted, informed approach to treatment and look to newer psychotherapies for guidance. The relationship between temperament and individual clusters of DSM personality disorders is often investigated. According to the DSM-IV, the tridimensional structure allows up to nine major personality disorders to be identified, the theory thereby making a great contribution to the understanding of psychiatric disorders.
Cloninger’s Tridimension Personality Theory and reward dependence.
Cloninger’s tridimensional personality theory offers three independent “temperament” dimensions which aid in measuring how different individuals feel or behave. Reward Dependence (RD) is one of the three temperament dimensions, the other two being “Harm Avoidance (HA)” and “Novelty Seeking (NS)”. A temperament, according to Cloninger, is the automatic emotional response to experience. 
Cloninger suggested that RD is influenced by a single monoamine neurotransmitter system: the noradrenergic system and RD is correlated with low basal noradrenergic activity. This suggestion has led to several research experiments that have investigated and supported his hypothesis, that RD traits are indeed in part determined by norepinephrine. 
Measure of the RD dimension, as suggested by Cloninger, is used to assess the Altruistic-warm "versus" detached-tough mindedness components of our personalities.
According to Cloninger’s theory, individuals "high" in reward dependence and "low" in norepinephrine levels are ambitious, warm, sentimental, pleasant, sociable, sensitive, sympathetic and socially dependent. Individuals with high RD personalities have a disposition to recognize salient social cues which in turn facilitates effective communication, warm social relations, and their genuine care for others, but these individuals are then disadvantaged in being excessively socially dependent. High reward dependent individuals also exhibit persistent behaviors and are easily influenced by emotional appeals.
Individuals "low" in reward dependence and "high" in norepinephrine levels are then hypothesized to be typically independent, non-conformist, practical, tough-minded, cynical, unwilling to share their intimate feelings with others, socially detached, irresolute, insensitive to social cues and pressures, and content to be alone. They are also minimally motivated to please others and act for immediate gratification. So being low in reward dependence is related to social withdrawal, with aggressive anti-social behavior, detachment, and coldness in social attitudes.
The RD temperament interacts with other temperaments and characters inherent in us enabling us to adapt to life experiences and influence susceptibility to emotional and behavioral disorders
Quantifying reward dependence.
Two questionnaires were devised by Cloninger to measure the temperaments and characters of individuals. RD can be measured using both the Tridimensional Personality Questionnaire (TPQ) personality test and by the newer and refined version of the personality test called Temperament and Character Inventory (TCI) and its revised version (TCI-R). Owing to the limitations encountered in the TPQ, in that the three dimensions’ clinical utility was not readily apparent to many clinicians, Cloninger revamped the questionnaire and produced the TCI scale, which incorporates four dimensions of “temperament” and three dimensions of “character”.
The so-called subscales of RD in TCI-R are
A study comparing the TCI to the five factor model of personality found that reward dependence was substantially positively associated with extraversion and to a lesser extent openness to experience.
Brain physiology.
Cloninger describes reward dependence as being a prime component of the Behavior "maintenance" System (BMS). Norepinephrine (NE), apart from producing alertness and arousal, is seen as influencing the brain reward system by aiding in the learning of new paired associations. 
According to Cloninger, the norepinephrine neurotransmitter has its major ascending pathways arising in the locus coeruleus in the pons, projecting onward to the hypothalamic and limbic structures, and then branching upwards to the neocortex. 
Relationship to clinical disorders.
Cloninger’s theory suggests that over expression of the RD temperament could cause psychiatric illnesses, such as addictive behaviors, sociopathies, and personality disorders.
Low levels of norepinephrine cause an increase in reward dependence. When produced in normal levels, norepinephrine creates a sense of well-being, but low levels of norepinephrine cause symptoms of depression, lack of arousal and lack of motivation. In humans, this leads to then a negative feedback mechanism whereby we seek out pleasurable activities to remove the negative affect caused by the low levels of norepinephrine, therefore increasing our reward dependence. 
An increase in the RD temperament leads us to seek out those behaviors or substances that will allow us to remain in a pleasant physical and/or mental state, attributing to the fact that we humans are hedonistic individuals, seeking to avoid pain and embracing pleasurable stimuli. Our pleasure and reward systems in the brain are hyper-activated, which makes us display continuous approach behaviors to the reward in question. Our neuro-circuity is as such that when we stop having access to such pleasurable objects of desire, we then experience negative consequences (withdrawal symptoms). Addictive behaviors then arise to alleviate such negative consequences and the cycle continues.
Relationship to addictive behaviors.
People who have high reward dependent personalities but find themselves in situations where they are unable to find rewards and approval through family support or other types, will seek reward through other means e.g. substance abuse or over-eating. It is then suggested that individuals with such predispositions should adopt preventive strategies or avoid such situations, where they seek such rewards that could potentially have adverse consequences. Reward dependence drives behavior maintenance systems, and in addictive behaviors, maintenance of behaviors occurs despite adverse consequences. 
According to researchers the reward circuit is continuously involved in initiating behaviors that are essential for the sustenance of the individual (such as eating) or of the preservation of the species (such as sexual reproduction). Food intake or sexual stimuli then lead to endorphine regulated release of dopamine in core substrates of the reward processing system, which subsequently activate craving sensations. The development of addictions is then directly related to the acquired or genetic abuse of the reward circuit. This finding then suggests that individuals with increased reward dependence have a relative deficit of endorphines and are possibly at higher risk for developing addictive behaviors.
Adolescents low in reward dependence may find conventional sources of reward unfulfilling (e.g., academic achievement or activities involving social affiliation), and eventually turn to unconventional reward sources (e.g., smoking and other forms of substance misuse) to derive satisfaction and pleasure. A study conducted using adolescents with Excessive Internet video Game Play (EIGP) showed that such addictive behaviors were correlated with higher RD scores on the TCI, whereas both low and high scores of RD were implicated in specific alcoholic and drug addictions. 
Relationship to personality disorders.
Social reward dependence is hypothesized to be related to behaviors that represent the RD personality dimension sub-scales of social sensitivity and attachment. It is suggested that the brain substrates that are involved in the response to simple primary rewards stimuli are also implicated in the response to complex social rewards stimuli. The RD sub-scale from the TCI inventory measures how sensitive individuals are to social rewards. High RD scores on the test correlate to increased attachment and an increased need for social relationships. Low RD scores show a movement towards social detachment and insensitivity.
At the 2010 Annual meeting of the American Psychological Association (APA), a study looking at treatment methods of personality disorders was presented in which it was found, that panic disorder patients with higher RD scores were more resistant to Escitalopram treatment. Since long-term pharmacotherapy is needed for treatment of panic disorder, the present results suggest that development of therapeutic strategy for panic patients with high reward dependence is needed.
Other clinical disorders.
In response to a lack of social reward, individuals with high reward dependence are more likely to have increased noradrinergic activity. These individuals experience feelings of depression, agitation and extreme discontent, leading them to indulge in habits that reinforce reward-seeking, such as increased sexual activity or overeating.
Individuals with higher reward dependence also look for more social approval, and are more inclined to succumb to peer-pressure. They often become overly concerned with their body image and maybe prone to eating disorders, such as Bulimia nervosa. Whereas restricting anorexia, in particular, tends to reflect low reward dependence. 
Reward dependence is not consistently associated with diagnosis but can also significantly affect treatment issues, such as Therapeutic alliance. Persistence in completing weight-loss programs were related to high RD scores during pre-treatment. This demonstrates that, having higher reward dependence enhances an individual's disposition to being more dedicated and sociable, making them increasingly respond to societal pressures, thereby reducing their risk of dropping out from weight-loss programs.
Other research.
A study of norepinephrine levels in gamblers found high cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) levels of the norepinephrine (NE) metabolite 3-methoq-4-hydroxyphenylglycol (MI-IPG). This could suggest a relationship between the noradrenergic system and gambling, and gambling could be seen as a reward-dependent behavior, but according to Cloninger’s theory these gamblers should exhibit low levels of NE, not high. Cloninger suggests that had these gamblers been retested after they had refrained from gambling for a determined period, their CSF MHPG levels might have been low. A study of norepinephrine levels in alcoholics with high reward dependence also showed a significant decrease of MHPG in their CSF. This finding demonstrates a significant relationship between reward dependence and norepinephrine.
Several genes have also been found to express the RD temperament dimension. Specifically, the gene "MAOA-uVNTR" has been highly implicated in evoking the RD personality trait.

</doc>
<doc id="19355754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355754" title="Hans Engen">
Hans Engen

Hans Engen (22 August 1912 – 6 April 1966) was a Norwegian journalist, diplomat and politician for the Labour Party.
He was born in Ringebu. During the German occupation of Norway from 1940 to 1945, he was a coordinator of the cooperation with the Norwegian government-in-exile and the Norwegian resistance movement. From 1946 to 1949 he worked as the foreign affairs editor of newspaper "Verdens Gang".
From 1951 to 1952 he worked as Norway's counsellor of embassy at the United Nations; he was then ambassador to the UN to 1958. From 1958 to 1963, under Gerhardsen's Third Cabinet, Engen served as State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Finally, he was Norwegian ambassador to the United States from 1963 to 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19355774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355774" title="Justin Coloma">
Justin Coloma

Justin Coloma (born October 31, 1975) is a Peruvian American film director and editor.
Biography.
Justin Coloma was raised in Lima, Peru, and moved to California in 1992. He received a Bachelor of Arts in Film Studies from The University of California, Berkeley, in 1998. He is best known for his music video work with Smashing Pumpkins, including "Superchrist" and "G.L.O.W.".
He was the principal editor of "If All Goes Wrong", produced by Coming Home Studios, which chronicles the Smashing Pumpkins' 12 show residency at the Fillmore in San Francisco in July and August 2007.
Justin Coloma got married Saturday, the 18th of July 2009, to Linda Strawberry.
Videography.
2003
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
"2013"

</doc>
<doc id="19355785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355785" title="Heinrich Dammeier">
Heinrich Dammeier

Heinrich Dammeier (9 February 1914 in Beckedorf – 16 May 2001 in Beckedorf) was a German U-boat machinist in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="19355790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355790" title="Titawi">
Titawi

Titawi is a village in Muzaffarnagar within the Muzaffarnagar district of Uttar Pradesh, India. As of 2006, it had a population of approximately 8,000 within 1,000 households. It is some 15 km from the district headquarters.
History.
The history of Titawi traces back some 300 years when a farmer named Latha established his hut on the bank of the Hindon River. Many of the families that now live in Titawi bear the surname of Latiyan. the majority of the peoples belongs to Jat community. Most of the families are based on agriculture. all the major facilities like schools, medical and a small market from where peoples can by items for daily needs. so many religious and cultural programs are being organised by various groups. People like to work in groups. They do not want to lose their moral values, despite the bloom of modern culture.and unity.
Economy.
Titawi is developing as an industrial village. Most notable is the Titawi sugar mill. It is conveniently near Dhindhawali, which grows sugarcane. Titawi provides a bus terminal for nearby villages.

</doc>
<doc id="19355796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355796" title="Fredy Serrano">
Fredy Serrano

Freddy Alejandro Serrano Sichaca (born September 22, 1979 in Bogotá, Distrito Capital) is a male freestyle wrestler from Colombia. He participated in Men's freestyle 55 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In 1/8 of final he lost to Abbas Dabbaghi from Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="19355805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355805" title="Dag Ramsøy Bryn">
Dag Ramsøy Bryn

Dag Ramsøy Bryn (1909–1991) was a Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Labour Party.
He was born in Oslo. He served as state secretary in the Ministry of Defence from 1947 to 1950, in the second cabinet Gerhardsen, and in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1954 to 1958 in the cabinets Torp and Gerhardsen III. After this, he served as Norwegian ambassador to various countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19355810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355810" title="Pseudopomyzidae">
Pseudopomyzidae

The Pseudopomyzidae are minute to small (1.7-5.5 mm), dark coloured acalyptrate flies.
Biology.
The biology of the Pseudopomyzidae is very poorly known. The larvae of the only European species are believed to develop in rotting logs or under bark. There is only one European species, "Pseudopomyza atrimana" (Meigen, 1830), which occurs in woodland, and adults have been found to gathering over rotting logs or attracted to the freshly cut and sappy stumps or logs of deciduous trees.
Fossils.
The fossil record is very poor, with only one specimen of the species, "Eopseudopomyza kuehni" Hennig, 1971, which has been recorded from Baltic amber.

</doc>
<doc id="19355812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355812" title="Cuba–Oceania relations">
Cuba–Oceania relations

Cuban-Pacific relations are diplomatic, economic, cultural and other relations between the Republic of Cuba and countries situated in Oceania. In the 2000s, Cuba has been strengthening its relations with Pacific nations, which have, for the most part, responded favourably to Cuban medical aid in particular. The first Cuba-Pacific Islands ministerial meeting was held in September 2008 in Havana, with government members from ten Pacific countries—Kiribati, Tuvalu, Nauru, Solomon Islands, Fiji, Tonga, Vanuatu, Samoa, the Federated States of Micronesia and Papua New Guinea—attending. The meeting was a consolidation rather than a starting point of Cuban-Pacific relations.
Formal diplomatic relations.
Cuba has only one embassy in Oceania, located in Wellington (opened in November 2007). It also has a Consulate General in Sydney. However, Cuba has official diplomatic relations with Vanuatu since 1983, with Nauru since 2002 and the Solomon Islands since 2003, and maintains relations with other Pacific countries by providing aid. Cuba established formal diplomatic relations with Fiji, Samoa and Tonga in February and March 2009.
Despite there being a Cuban embassy in Wellington, there is no New Zealand embassy in Havana; the New Zealand embassy in Mexico City is accredited to Cuba. In April 2011, however, the Solomon Islands announced they would be opening an embassy in Cuba - making them the first Pacific country to do so.
September 2008 ministerial meeting.
The first of its kind, it brought together government representatives of Cuba, Papua New Guinea and nine Pacific Island countries. Cuban Foreign Minister Felipe Perez Roque stated that Cuba hoped to assist small island developing states in facing the effects of climate change, an issue of particular concern for Pacific nations. Attendees were also due to discuss "strengthening co-operation in health, sports and education".
Among officials in attendance were I-Kiribati President Anote Tong, along with I-Kiribati health minister Dr. Kautu Tenanaua, and Tuvaluan Prime Minister Apisai Ielemia. Fiji was represented by foreign minister Ratu Epeli Nailatikau, and the Solomon Islands by foreign minister William Haomae. President Tong, by meeting President Raul Castro to discuss "mutual friendship and cooperation", became the first Pacific leader to pay a state visit to Cuba.
Following the meeting, it was reported that Cuba and the Pacific countries involved had "strengthened their cooperation".
Tarawa Conference in November 2010.
Cuba was one of fifteen countries to attend the Tarawa Climate Change Conference in Kiribati in November 2010, and one of twelve to sign the Ambo Declaration on climate change issued from the conference.
Cuban medical aid.
Cuba's medical aid to Pacific countries has been two-pronged, consisting in sending doctors to Oceania, and in providing scholarships for Pacific students to study medicine in Cuba at Cuba's expense. 
There are currently sixteen doctors providing specialised medical care in Kiribati, with sixteen more scheduled to join them. Cubans have also offered training to I-Kiribati doctors. Cuban doctors have reportedly provided a dramatic improvement to the field of medical care in Kiribati, reducing the child mortality rate in that country by 80%, and winning the proverbial hearts and minds in the Pacific. In response, the Solomon Islands began recruiting Cuban doctors in July 2007, while Papua New Guinea and Fiji considered following suit.
In 2008, Cuba was due to send doctors to the Solomon Islands, Vanuatu, Tuvalu, Nauru and Papua New Guinea, while seventeen medical students from Vanuatu would study in Cuba. It was reported that it might also provide training for Fiji doctors.
As of September 2008, fifteen Cuban doctors were serving in Kiribati, sixty-four Pacific students were studying medicine in Cuba, and Cuban authorities were offering "up to 400 scholarships to young people of that region". Among those sixty-four students were twenty-five Solomon Islanders, twenty I-Kiribati, two Nauruans and seventeen ni-Vanuatu. Pacific Islanders have been studying in Cuba since 2006.
In June 2009, Prensa Latina reported that Cuban doctors had "inaugurated a series of new health services in Tuvalu". One Cuban doctor had been serving in Tuvalu since October 2008, and two more since February 2009. They had reportedly "attended 3,496 patients, and saved 53 lives", having "opened ultrasound and abortion services, as well as specialized consultations on hypertension, diabetes, and chronic diseases in children". They had visited all the country's islands, and were training local staff in "primary health care, and how to deal with seriously ill patients, among other subjects".
In July 2011, the Australian government sent Parliamentary Secretary for Pacific Island Affairs Richard Marles to Cuba to discuss "ways in which can cooperate with Cuba and its work in the Pacific, particularly in relation to health".
Particular bilateral relations.
Fiji.
Fiji's ambassador to the United Nations, Berenado Vunibobo, stated in 2008 that his country could seek closer relations with Cuba, and in particular medical assistance, following a decline in Fiji's relations with New Zealand.
In 2010, Vunibobo's successor, Peter Thomson, visited Cuba, where he discussed "areas of co-operation in the medical field" with the Cuban authorities. This visit came as of Fiji's attempt to broaden its diplomatic relations, following a fall-out with Australia and New Zealand in the wake of the 2006 military coup.
In September 2010, for the first time, Fiji sent four students to study medicine at the Latin American School of Medicine in Cuba, with a seven year scholarship provided by the Cuban government. Cuba also provided four more scholarships to Fiji for the following year.
Kiribati.
Cuba's relations with Kiribati are shaped primarily by the former's medical assistance to the latter.
In December 2010, Kiribati President and Foreign Minister Anote Tong carried out his second State visit to Cuba, to hold official talks with Cuban President Raul Castro.
Nauru.
In June 2007, Nauru adopted the "Cuban literacy method", reportedly used also in several other countries. In October 2007, Nauruan Foreign Minister and Trade Minister David Adeang travelled to Cuba to strengthen relations between the two island nations. This led to the creation of a Cuba-Nauru Joint Intergovernmental Commission for Economic Cooperation. An unspecified number of Cuban doctors are serving in Nauru.
In December 2010, President Marcus Stephen of Nauru paid his first State visit to Cuba, meeting President Raul Castro to "review the state of bilateral relations and to strengthen them". Stephen also "referred to the threat of global warming to his country" during the talks.
New Zealand.
Regarding relations with New Zealand, Cuban ambassador Jose Luis Robaina Garcia said his country had "admiration for New Zealand's independent foreign policy".
Solomon Islands.
In April 2007, the "Solomon Star" reported that the Solomon Islands’ High Commissioner to the United Nations was soon to be sworn in as Ambassador to Cuba. In September 2007, it was announced that 40 Cuban doctors would be sent to the Solomon Islands. The Solomons’ Minister of Foreign Affairs Patterson Oti said that Solomon Islander doctors would "learn from their Cuban colleagues in specialized areas". In addition to providing doctors, Cuba provided scholarships for 50 Solomon Islanders to study medicine in Cuba for free. According to a spokesman for the Solomon Islands Ministry of Health, the Solomons are "desperately in need" of doctors, and hence grateful to Cuba for its "much needed assistance".
In April 2011, the Solomon Islands announced they would be opening an embassy in Havana. By September, a budget had been allocated for the setting up of the embassy, and it was announced that a government delegation would soon be visiting Cuba. In March 2013, Solomon Islands Ambassador Simeon Bouro became the first resident ambassador for any Pacific Island country in Cuba.
Tonga.
Cuba's first ambassador accredited to Tonga, Jose Luis Robaina (based in New Zealand), presented his credentials to King George Tupou V in March 2009. The King had previously visited Cuba. Ambassador Robaina and King George were reported to have discussed "strengthen bilateral cooperation, especially in health, education, sports, agriculture and human resource training". Xinhua reported that the King had praised Cuba's "social breakthroughs, the quality of its ballet and culture in general and its impressive achievements in public health".
Tonga's initial ambassador accredited to Cuba was its Permanent Representative to the United Nations, Fekitamoeloa 'Utoikamanu, until April 2009, when Sonatane Tu'a Taumoepeau Tupou succeeded her to the position.
Tuvalu.
Cuba assists Tuvalu in a variety of ways, but its principal aid is provided in the form of health services.
Vanuatu.
Cuba's relations with Vanuatu are older than with any other Pacific Island country. The two nations established formal diplomatic relations in 1983, at a time when ni-Vanuatu Prime Minister Walter Lini was constructing his country's resolutely non-aligned foreign policy. Dormant in the 1990s, relations were revived in the 2000s with Cuba's new regional policies in the Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="19355816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355816" title="Kōchi-Ekimae Station">
Kōchi-Ekimae Station

It is located in front of Kōchi railway station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19355824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355824" title="Kōchibashi Station">
Kōchibashi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19355835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355835" title="Shamna Kasim">
Shamna Kasim

Biography.
Shamna Kasim also known by the stagename Poorna is a South Indian film actress and model. She started her career as a classical dancer and got into media when she was participating at the reality-based dance competition Super Dancer on Amrita TV. She made her acting debut in the 2004 Malayalam film "Manju Poloru Penkutty" and went on to play minor supporting roles in a couple of unsuccessful films. She was called as looking like Asin Thottumkal by Vijay and her fans call her 'Junior' Asin. She played her first major role in her debut Telugu film "Sri Mahalakshmi", while essaying the lead female character in her first Tamil film, "Muniyandi Vilangial Moonramandu".

</doc>
<doc id="19355840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355840" title="Hasuikemachi-dōri Station">
Hasuikemachi-dōri Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19355849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355849" title="Ozren Nedeljković">
Ozren Nedeljković

Ozren Nedeljković (28 February 1903, Sremski Karlovcim – 11 June 1984, Belgrade) was a Serbian chess master.
He shared 1st at Belgrade 1927, tied for 4-5th at Karlovac 1927, won the 1st Levin tournament in 1932, shared 2nd in 1933 (the 2nd Levin tourn.), tied for 4-6th in 1934 (the 3rd Levin tourn.), shared 2nd in Belgrade City Chess Championship in 1934, and took 12th at Ljubljana 1938 (Yugoslav Chess Championship, Boris Kostić won). 
Ozren Nedeljković played for Yugoslavia in 3rd unofficial Chess Olympiad at Munich 1936 where won individual gold medal on second reserve board. He also represented Yugoslavia in several friendly matches against Switzerland (1947, 1950), Austria (1949), Netherlands (1949, 1950), Sweden (1950), United Kingdom (1951), West Germany (1951, 1952, 1954), Italy (1951, 1953, 1954), and Hungary (1957, 1960).

</doc>
<doc id="19355856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355856" title="Umenotsuji Station">
Umenotsuji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19355857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355857" title="Mark Foran">
Mark Foran

Mark Foran (born 30 October 1973 in Aldershot, Hampshire) is an English former professional footballer.
Mark Foran was once referred to as a "giant" by the then Peterborough United manager Barry Fry. The 6'4" defender featured briefly during footage of the video "Great Balls of Fire" hosted by Vinny Jones when Fry was heard to shout "We've got a giant, why don't you fucking use him!" at one of his players.
During an FA Cup tie, playing for then Division 3 Bristol Rovers against then Premiership Derby County he man marked Fabrizio Ravanelli, the former Italian international. Rovers won the tie 3–1 at Pride Park.
A five-game loan spell at Wycombe Wanderers in the mid-1990s saw Foran voted by supporters as the worst ever player to represent the club. He did however return to haunt those who had given him this unwanted tag when he scored a headed goal against them whilst playing for Peterborough United.
A compendium of injuries contributed to Foran's shortened career, suffering a broken leg while playing for Crewe reserves, inflicted by Liverpool's Karl-Heinz Riedle.
He drifted into semi-professional football in the early 2000s before retiring to pursue a career outside the game.

</doc>
<doc id="19355874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355874" title="Sanbashi-dōri-itchōme Station">
Sanbashi-dōri-itchōme Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19355886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355886" title="Currawong Bush Park">
Currawong Bush Park

Currawong Bush Park is an important riparian bushland park, located in the outer eastern suburbs of Melbourne on the borders of Doncaster East, Warrandyte and Donvale, on the eastern bank of the Mullum Mullum Creek. The park is important for a number of reasons, it comprises 59 hectares of remnant bushland and hosts many archaeological sites concerning the pre-European inhabitants of the area.
The major threats to the park's ecology are introduced species of flora and fauna such as foxes, rabbits, dogs and cats. It is a popular destination for school and community groups and is frequented by local bush walkers. It once housed a group of kangaroos in its wildlife enclosure, however due to funding cuts, the park can no longer be managed full-time by a park ranger and the enclosure was closed.
History.
An archaeological survey of aboriginal sites within City of Manningham by Ellender in 1991, discovered evidence of the presence of the Wurundjeri people in the park, in the form of four scarred trees. Scarred trees are trees from which bark or heartwood has been removed to make a wooden artefact such as a shield, canoe or container. An aboriginal stone artefact was also found along the Mullum Mullum Creek. The Wurundjeri were part of the Kulin nation, comprising the main tribes living within about a 150 km radius of Melbourne. The Wurundjeri are of the Woiworung tribe, one of five Kulin tribes, each of whom had their own land and language.
More recent history shows the building housing the Ranger's Residence, Park Office and Conference Room as a building of State historical significance. It is a fine example of the innovative and influential design work of the distinguished Victorian architect Geoffrey Trewenack. It has sometimes mistakenly been attributed to the Victorian Architect, Kevin Borland. The house was built by Robin and Bunty Elder, in 1959. They resided there until approx 1969, when the property was acquired as a public park.
Currently, the park has no on-site manager or ranger. Previously a full-time ranger was employed by the City of Manningham through an environmental group until funding was cut around 2004. According to the Currawong Bush Park management plan in 2003, $1–2 million would be enough to upgrade facilities and deal with threats to the park's ecology, three staff are required to operate and manage the park properly.
Geography.
The park sits on a 59 hectare section of land on the eastern bank of the Mullum Mullum Creek, from the creek itself along the flat banks and up the hillside. The hillside is faulted by two gullies that flow into the Mullum Mullum; Go-betweens Gully and Amersham Gully. The Mullum Mullum Creek Linear Park sits on the opposite bank of the Mullum Mullum Creek to the west.
Ecology.
The park is a rare example of the native ecology of the area prior to European settlement. Many native species of flora and fauna can be found in the park including many species of eucalypts such as the Manna Gum and kangaroos such as the Eastern Grey.
Threats to Ecology.
Being surrounded by low-density residential development, some of the most urgent problems the park faces stem from introduced species such as rabbits, foxes, stray dogs and cats, occupying the park. Stray dogs mutilate Eastern Grey kangaroos and any young they may be carrying, rabbits dig furrows in the soil and entice foxes into the park who compete with stray dogs for territory. Stray cats hunt native bird life and possums. Various weeds from neighbouring properties flow down watercourses into the gullies, this can be seen occurring in Go-betweens Gully. 
Threats from humans include disturbance of plant and animal life from motorbikes and bicycles, and light pollution from the neighbouring hockey field in the southern area of the park. The combined effect of the light pollution and traffic noise and pollution from Reynolds Road, drives wildlife away from the southern slopes and into other areas of the park where they compete with other species for already limited space.
Regulations.
The entire park is a no dog zone. Not even dogs on leads can enter the park. Motorised transport including motorbikes, scooters and trail bikes, is strictly limited to the roadway and carparks. Cyclists may ride on fire access tracks, but must dismount prior to entering smaller, unsealed walking tracks. The park is particularly susceptible to bushfires and being so close to residential areas, the fire danger in the area is very real. Fire should only be used in the campfire site near the Education Centre, there are electric barbecues for cooking. There is no camping in the park.

</doc>
<doc id="19355892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355892" title="Sanbashi-dōri-nichōme Station">
Sanbashi-dōri-nichōme Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19355899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355899" title="Theam">
Theam


</doc>
<doc id="19355912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355912" title="Sanbashi-dōri-sanchōme Station">
Sanbashi-dōri-sanchōme Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19355914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355914" title="Joseph Farrell">
Joseph Farrell

Joseph Farrell (1 July 1905 – 24 November 1999) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was elected to Seanad Éireann in 1961 on the Labour Panel and was re-elected to the Seanad in 1965 and 1969. Farrell was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Louth constituency at the 1973 general election and was re-elected at the 1977 general election. He did not contest the 1981 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19355926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355926" title="Sanbashi-dōri-yonchōme Station">
Sanbashi-dōri-yonchōme Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19355930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355930" title="Farshad Falahatzadeh">
Farshad Falahatzadeh

Farshad Falahatzadeh (born March 21, 1967) is a retired Iranian football player and now manager. He was a defender for a number of clubs, most notably Esteghlal as well as Iran national football team.
Club career.
He played for Esteghlal, Bahman, 1. FSV Mainz 05, Sanat Naft and Bargh Shiraz.
International career.
He played for Iran national team at 1994 & 1998 World Cup Qualification round, ECO Cup 1993, 1994 Asian Games, 1996 Asian Cup and 1998 Carlsberg Cup (Friendly Tournament) and 2006 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.
Coaching career.
He was captain and coach of the Iran national beach soccer team at 2006 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup and Head Coach at 2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19355941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355941" title="Sanbashi-shako-mae Station">
Sanbashi-shako-mae Station


</doc>
<doc id="19355950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355950" title="Kurt Dobratz">
Kurt Dobratz

Dr. jur. Kurt Dobratz (9 April 1904 – 21 December 1996) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
From 1 July 1939 until 15 May 1940 Major Dobratz was "Gruppenkommandeur" of the II.(Kampf)/Lehrgeschwader 1 (LG 1—2nd Bomber Group of the 1st Demonstration Wing) and at the same time commander of the "Fliegerhorst" (airfield) Schwerin. Serving on the staff of the Befehlshaber der U-Boote he succeeded Admiral Hans Georg von Friedeburg as the last "Kommandierender Admiral der U-Boote" (Commanding Admiral of the U-boats) during the final days of World War II.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of Kurt Dobratz is credited with the sinking of three ships for a total of , further damaging a ship of and damaging one ship of so severely that it had to be considered a total loss.

</doc>
<doc id="19355953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355953" title="Canton of Fauville-en-Caux">
Canton of Fauville-en-Caux

The Canton of Fauville-en-Caux is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming, quarrying and light industry in the arrondissement of Le Havre, centred on the village of Fauville-en-Caux. The altitude varies from 70m (Cliponville) to 153m (Alvimare) for an average altitude of 129m.
Composition.
The Canton of Fauville-en-Caux comprises 18 communes and a total of 8,029 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19355960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355960" title="Sanbashi-dōri-gochōme Station">
Sanbashi-dōri-gochōme Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19355969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355969" title="Best Swedish Crime Novel Award">
Best Swedish Crime Novel Award

The Best Swedish Crime Novel Award ("Bästa svenska kriminalroman") is a literary prize awarded annually since 1982 by the Swedish Crime Writers' Academy.
The winners of the award are:

</doc>
<doc id="19355971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355971" title="Jardin botanique des Causses">
Jardin botanique des Causses

The Jardin botanique des Causses (6,000 m²) is a botanical garden located at 17 Avenue Charles de Gaulle, Millau, Aveyron, Midi-Pyrénées, France. It is open daily without charge.
The garden was created in 1996 within the Parc de la Victoire. It contains more than 3500 trees and shrubs representing 80 species of the area's limestone plateau and nearby Regional Natural Park des Grands Causses. Plants of interest include arbutus, beech, Cedar of Lebanon, liquidambar, oak, redwood, collections of roses and ophrys of Aveyron, and displays of about 10,000 flowering plants renewed twice a year.

</doc>
<doc id="19355977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355977" title="International Center for Materials Nanoarchitectonics">
International Center for Materials Nanoarchitectonics

International Center for Materials Nanoarchitectonics (MANA from "MAterials NanoArchitectonics") is a special research unit established in 2007 at the National Institute for Materials Science (NIMS) within the World Premier International (WPI) Research Center Initiative by the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS).
Members.
MANA brings together outstanding researchers from Japan and other countries to conduct research at NIMS. The organizations providing foreign researchers are named "satellites" and currently include 
MANA advisors include Nobel Prize laureates Harold Kroto and Heinrich Rohrer, as well as other prominent scientists (C. N. R. Rao, Galen D. Stucky, etc.) and industry leaders (L. Schlapbach, CEO of Empa). 
MANA members include such recognized scientists as Omar M. Yaghi, Christoph Gerber, James Gimzewski, Mark Welland and others. 
MANA currently (September 2008) employs only several tens members,
originating from at least 9 countries (Japan, UK, US, China, India, Russia, France, Italy and Sweden). However, the number of employees is planned to increase up to about 200.
Purpose and structure.
The purpose of establishing MANA is very unusual for a scientific institution in a way that a relatively small unit (MANA, about 50 employees) is put forward to lead the research of a large scientific body (NIMS, about 1500 employees). In fact, MANA is considered as a mechanism of reorganization of the whole research system of NIMS. Consequently, best young scientists from all over the world are hired to conduct research, and the elite senior scientists are invited to guide them. Despite very young age of MANA, important results have already been obtained and published in major journals, such as Nature and Science, and more are expected to come in the nearest future. 
Another unusual feature of MANA is that although it is located in Japan and most its employees are Japanese, its primary language is English. This feature reflects the initiative of NIMS to become a leading and truly international scientific center.
Research directions.
The research directions of MANA are based on the concept named nanoarchitectonics - a technology allowing to manipulate a group of atoms or molecules. Consequently, much effort is devoted to the synthesis and characterization of various nanomaterials and nanostructures with the results published in the main scientific journals and the MANA research and MANA news pages.
Scientific cooperation.
In September 2008, MANA embarked on a new program of scientific cooperation with the Yonsei University in Seoul, Korea. The exchange of researchers and research information between the two institutions is projected as a crucial factor in collaborative research on the development and evaluation of sustainable chemical technology and nano-biofusion technology.

</doc>
<doc id="19355978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355978" title="Grown-up Boys Do Not Pee Their Pants">
Grown-up Boys Do Not Pee Their Pants

Grown-up Boys Do Not Pee Their Pants () is the second album from Russian musical group Boa, released in 2003.
Boa are....
Igor Knyazev - all the voices, samples
<br>Igor Shatsky - keyboards, guitars, bass, percussion, rap (11)
<br>also:
<br>Andrey Antimonov - alto sax (2,5,12), clarinet (4,5) percussion (11)
<br>Igor Inshakov - accordion (3)
<br>Alexander Kuralesin - trombone (1,3,5,11)
<br>Denis Maranin - drums (4,5,9)
<br>Elena Meshkova - cello (8)
<br>Polina Nezhina - right questions (11)
<br>Alexander Ryazanov - bass (9)
<br>Anatoly Saprin - trumpet (1)
<br>Anatoly Sludyanin - soprano sax
<br>Vika Urazova - back vocal (12)
<br>Sergey Filatov - solo piano (11)
<br>Arrangements, recording and mixing by Boa at The Black Box Studio, Voronezh
<br>Mastering - Sergey Titov, Saturday Mastering Studio, Moscow
<br>Cover design - Vario design-studio, Voronezh
<br>Photo - Andrey Paukov, Dmitry Veretsky, Vario design-studio
<br>(p) & (c) The Black Box Studio, 2003

</doc>
<doc id="19355983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355983" title="WSEV">
WSEV

WSEV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19355991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19355991" title="Nanoarchitectonics">
Nanoarchitectonics

Nanoarchitectonics is a scientific jargon term coined at the National Institute for Materials Science for one of its leading units, International Center for Materials Nanoarchitectonics (MANA). It refers to a technology allowing to arrange nanoscale structural units, which are usually a group of atoms or molecules, in an intended configuration. 
Nanoarchitectonics is further classified into two topics, "Nano Creation" and "Nano Organization". "Nano Creation" is synthesis of a new material that does not exist in Nature. For example, by peeling atomic sheets off graphite slab, a novel nano-material graphene can be obtained, which has very different properties from graphite. 
A typical example of the "Nano Organization" is the development of a nanoelectronics circuit. Challenging electronic devices are produced experimentally, using previously discovered materials, such as carbon nanotubes, fullerenes, graphene, single molecules having functional groups, etc. However, their practical use is impossible without a technology ("Nano Organization") to integrate and link these devices into a system.
Nanoarchitectonics is not limited to "Nano Creation" and "Nano Organization", but rather employs those techniques to understand and use the ultimate functions of materials. The important technologies to achieve this goal involve manipulation of single atoms and molecules through physical interactions, chemical reactions, applied fields or self-assembly.
Examples of those technologies are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19356003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356003" title="Charlotte Higgins">
Charlotte Higgins

Charlotte Higgins (born 1972) is a British writer and journalist.
Biography.
She was born in Stoke-on-Trent, and studied Classics at Balliol College, Oxford. She is a blogger and "The Guardian"'s chief arts writer. Formerly the paper's arts correspondent and classical music editor, she has a particular interest in contemporary music.
She has published a book on Ovid called "Latin Love Lessons", and a book on ancient Greece, "It's All Greek To Me". "Under Another Sky" (2013), about journeys in Roman Britain, was shortlisted for the Samuel Johnson Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19356004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356004" title="PS Duchess of Montrose">
PS Duchess of Montrose

PS "Duchess of Montrose" was a paddle steamer launched in 1902 and operated by the Caledonian Steam Packet Company as a River Clyde excursion steamer. She saw active service during the First World War after being requisitioned by the Admiralty and converted into a minesweeper. She was lost near Dunkirk on 18 March 1917 after striking a mine.
Construction.
In October 1901 the Caledonian Steam Packet Company invited tenders from six of the Clyde shipyards to build a replacement for the paddle steamer "Meg Merrilies". On 29 October 1901 they accepted an offer made by John Brown & Company of Clydebank to build the ship for £19,572, and the keel was laid in Clydebank on 19 December 1901. The minutes of the Caledonian Steam Packet Company for 4 February 1902 record that: "Duchess of Montrose" was launched on 8 May 1902 and achieved the contracted speed during trials on 4 June 1902.
Design.
"Duchess of Montrose" was fitted with a triple-expansion steam engine incorporating four cylinders (two high-, one intermediate-, and one low-pressure) arranged in tandem to drive two cranks. This arrangement was considered more efficient than the conventional two-cylinder compound steam engine and provided greater manoeuvrability at piers. The use of relatively small paddle wheels, intended to save wear and tear, meant that "Duchess of Montrose" had a diminutive paddlebox and, in conjunction with a very vertical funnel, she was easily recognisable amongst the Clyde fleet. She featured saloons fore and aft and an open bow under the promenade deck.
Career.
Excursion steamer.
Initially employed on the Ayr station, she went on to service both the Gourock and Wemyss Bay routes before being used for general railway connections further upstream.
Troopship.
On 15 February 1915, along with "Duchess of Argyll" and "Duchess of Hamilton", she was requisitioned by the Admiralty as a troopship and spent the first few months of her service ferrying troops from Southampton to France. It is reported that she initially arrived in Southampton in her Caledonian Steam Packet livery but was soon repainted naval grey.
Minesweeper.
In May 1915 she was given the pennant number PP585 and converted into a minesweeper by Lieutenant Commander W G Rigg. This work involved having the end of her saloon cut away to main deck level and replaced with minesweeping equipment. From 14 July 1915 she was stationed at Dover under the command of Lieutenant Alexander Duff Thomson Royal Naval Reserve and from April 1916 she was stationed at Dunkirk.
Salvage of SS Sussex.
Between 1 and 3 January 1917, , , , , assisted in the salvage of , each ship receiving a portion of the salvage money.
Loss.
On the morning of Sunday 18 March 1917, "Duchess of Montrose" left Dunkirk harbour and at 9am began sweeping close to the Gravelines Buoy. She recovered five mines (from Barrage 248 laid by the U-Boat "UB-12" ) before stopping for low water. Around an hour after she resumed sweeping, "Duchess of Montrose" hit a mine amidships, broke in two and sank in less than a minute. Her wreck lies at 
Casualties.
-one of the crew of "Duchess of Montrose" are reported to have been rescued, but twelve men were lost in the sinking.
Nine of those lost have no known grave and their names are recorded on the Plymouth Naval Memorial.
The grave of William Earnest Sparkes is located at Dover (St James's) Cemetery; he is reported to have died of heart disease on 8 July 1917, four months after the sinking.
Bravery awards.
Lieutenant Alexander Duff Thomson RNR received the Distinguished Service Cross on 2 July 1917 for minesweeping operations carried out in "Duchess of Montrose" between 1 June 1916 and 31 March 1917. His citation read: 

</doc>
<doc id="19356005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356005" title="Wilhelm Dommes">
Wilhelm Dommes

Wilhelm Dommes (16 April 1907 in Buchberg, Berent District, West Prussia – 23 January 1990 in Hannover) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. He is notable as being the commander of U-boats in the Indian Ocean, whereby German and Japanese forces cooperatively fought for the only time in the war. He was the first commander of the U-boat base, located in the former British seaplane base in Penang.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of and Wilhelm Dommes is credited with the sinking of eight ships for a total of , sinking one auxiliary warship of , two warships of , and damaging one ship of and one warship of .

</doc>
<doc id="19356020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356020" title="Dennis Eilhoff">
Dennis Eilhoff

Dennis Eilhoff (born 31 July 1982 in Witten, West Germany) is a German former football goalkeeper.
Career.
Youth.
Eilhoff began his career with SC Delbrück in 1990. Four years later he played for TuS Paderborn-Neuhaus, the present SC Paderborn 07. In 1996, Eilhoff moved to Arminia Bielefeld. 
During his youth he belonged to the German national under-17 team.
Club career.
Starting in 2000, Eilhoff was in the squad of Arminia Bielefeld. His first appearances were in the 2000–01 season of the 2. Bundesliga.
He could never stand out against the regular goalkeeper Mathias Hain with the result that he only came to four matches in all before 2006 including two matches in the 2005–06 season of the Bundesliga. In the 2006–07 season, he was loaned out to TuS Koblenz for two years in the 2. Bundesliga. Starting in the 2006–07 season, he was the regular goalkeeper where he passed every matches except one.
In the 2008–09 season season, he returned to Arminia Bielefeld. Due to injury of the first goalkeeper Rowen Fernandez, Eilhoff could play for the most part in the first half of this season. By his performance he stayed first choice despite the convalescence of Fernandez. On this account he renewed his contract with Arminia on February 2009 until 2011. Even after the relegation to the 2. Bundesliga he stayed loyal to his club. 
In June 2011, Eilhoff left Arminia Bielefeld and signed a one-year-contract with Dynamo Dresden, where he made his debut on 15 July 2011 against FC Energie Cottbus. He was released by Dynamo after one season.
Personal.
Eilhoff completed his Abitur at the Nepomucenum Gymnasium of Rietberg in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19356029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356029" title="2008 Chinese milk scandal">
2008 Chinese milk scandal

The 2008 Chinese milk scandal was a food safety incident in China, involving milk and infant formula, and other food materials and components, adulterated with melamine.
By November 2008, China reported an estimated 300,000 victims, with six infants dying from kidney stones and other kidney damage, and an estimated 54,000 babies being hospitalised. The chemical appeared to have been added to milk to cause it to appear to have a higher protein content. In a separate incident four years before, watered-down milk had resulted in 13 infant deaths from malnutrition.
The scandal broke on 16 July 2008, after sixteen infants in Gansu Province, who had been fed on milk powder produced by Shijiazhuang-based Sanlu Group, were diagnosed with kidney stones. After the initial focus on Sanlu—market leader in the budget segment—government inspections revealed the problem existed to a lesser degree in products from 21 other companies, including an Arla Foods-Mengniu joint venture company known as Arla Mengniu, Yili, and Yashili.
The issue raised concerns about food safety and political corruption in China, and damaged the reputation of China's food exports, with at least 11 countries stopping all imports of Chinese dairy products.
A number of criminal prosecutions occurred, with two people being executed, another given a suspended death penalty, three others receiving life imprisonment, two receiving 15-year jail terms, and seven local government officials, as well as the Director of the Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine (AQSIQ) being fired or forced to resign.
The World Health Organization referred to the incident as one of the largest food safety events it had had to deal with in recent years, and that the crisis of confidence among Chinese consumers would be hard to overcome. A spokesman said the scale of the problem proved it was "clearly not an isolated accident, a large-scale intentional activity to deceive consumers for simple, basic, short-term profits."
In late October 2008, similar adulteration with melamine was discovered in eggs and possibly other food, traced to melamine being added to animal feed—despite a ban imposed in June 2007 following the scandal over pet food ingredients exported to the United States.
As of July 2010, Chinese authorities were still reporting some seizures of melamine-contaminated dairy product in some provinces, though it was unclear whether these new contaminations constituted wholly new adulterations or were the result of illegal reuse of material from the 2008 adulterations.
In 2012, Jiang Weisuo, 44, the man who first alerted authorities to what would become the melamine-tainted milk scandal was murdered in Xi'an city.
Melamine.
Melamine is used to manufacture melamine-formaldehyde resin, a type of plastic known for its flame retardant properties and commonly employed in countertops, dry erase boards, etc. Melamine itself is nitrogen-rich and is sometimes illegally added to food products to increase their apparent protein content. It has also been employed as a nonprotein nitrogen, appearing in soy meal, corn gluten meal and cottonseed meal used in cattle feed. Melamine is known to cause renal and urinary problems in humans and animals when it reacts with cyanuric acid inside the body, sometimes present in drinking water and in animal feed, so its use in food production is universally banned.
The Kjeldahl and Dumas methods used to test for protein levels fail to distinguish between nitrogen in melamine and naturally occurring in amino acids, allowing the protein levels to be falsified. Introduced into milk, it can help conceal its fraudulent dilution with water. Melamine adulteration of food products also made headlines when pet food was recalled in Europe and the U.S. in 2007.
Source of contamination.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) said melamine may be found "in a variety of milk and milk products at varying levels, from low ppb to ppm ranges." One academic suggested cyromazine, a melamine derivative pesticide commonly used in China for a long time, is absorbed into plants as melamine; it may therefore have long been present in products such as poultry, eggs, fish, and dairy products. It is not known where in the supply chain the melamine was added to the milk. The chemical is not water soluble, and must be mixed with formaldehyde or another chemical before it can be dissolved in milk.
Due to poor animal husbandry, production and storage, the demand for milk far outstripping supplies, and the use of other potentially harmful chemical additives such as preservatives and hydrogen peroxide has been reported by independent media as being commonplace. Quality tests can be falsified with additives: peroxide is added to prevent milk going bad; industrial vegetable oil is emulsified and added to boost fat levels; whey is used to increase lactose content. However, the procurement chain is also implicated—milk agents are often politically well connected. Farmers report salespeople had, for years, been visiting farms in dairy areas hawking "protein powder" additives, which would often be delivered in unmarked brown paper bags of each. A new version of "protein powder", capable of fooling dairies as to protein content, started being peddled approximately two years ago. Thus, farmers either added melamine contaminant unwittingly, or turned a blind eye to milk adulteration to ensure their milk was not rejected. The big dairy producers were complicit in producing "test-tube milk."
"Caijing" reported "spiking fresh milk with additives such as melamine" was no longer a secret to Hebei dairy farmers for the past two years. Due to fierce competition for supplies, and the higher prices paid by Mengniu and Yili, Sanlu's procurement became squeezed; its inspection system became compromised "as early as 2005 and allowed milk collection stations to adopt unscrupulous business practices", while government supervision was "practically nonexistent."
"Caijing" also reported the melamine in the tainted milk may have come from scrap melamine costing ¥700 per tonne—less than one-tenth of the price of 99% pure industrial grade melamine. The melamine production process produces pure melamine by crystallisation; the melamine remaining in the mother liquor is impure (70%) and unusable for plastics, so it is scrapped. It said Sanlu's baby formula melamine content was a result of tampering by adding low cost vegetable protein (such as low grade soya powder), and large amounts of scrap melamine as filler. Scrap melamine contains impurities such as cyanuric acid that form more insoluble crystals than melamine alone, aggravating the problem.
Victims.
On 17 September 2008, Health Minister Chen Zhu stated tainted milk formula had "sickened more than 6,200 children, and that more than 1,300 others, mostly newborns, remain hospitalised with 158 suffering from acute kidney failure". By 23 September, about 54,000 children were reported to be sick and four had died. An additional 10,000 cases were reported from the provinces by 27 September. A World Health Organisation official said 82% of the children made ill were 2 years of age or below. The Hong Kong Centre for Food Safety said that 99% of the victims were aged under 3 years. Ten Hong Kong children were diagnosed with kidney problems, at least four cases were detected in Macau, and six in Taiwan. Non-human casualties included a lion cub and two baby orangutans which had been fed Sanlu milk powder at Hangzhou Zoo.
The government said on 8 October it would no longer issue updated figures "because it is not an infectious disease, so it's not absolutely necessary for us to announce it to the public." Reuters compiled figures reported by local media across the country, and said the toll stood at nearly 94,000 at the end of September, excluding municipalities. Notably, 13,459 children had been affected in Gansu, Reuters quoted Xinhua saying. Henan had reported over 30,000 cases, and Hebei also had nearly 16,000 cases.
In late October, the government announced health officials had surveyed 300,000 Beijing families with children of less than 3 years of age. It disclosed approximately 74,000 families had a child who had been fed melamine-tainted milk, but did not reveal how many of those children had fallen ill as a result.
Due to the many months before the scandal was exposed, the media suggest the official figures are likely to be understated. Kidney stones in infants started being reported in several parts of China in the past two years. A number of yet to be officially acknowledged cases were reported on by the media. However, those deaths without an official verdict may be denied compensation. On 1 December, Xinhua reported that the Ministry of Health revised the number of victims to more than 290,000 and 51,900 hospitalised; authorities acknowledged receiving reports of 11 suspected deaths from melamine contaminated milk powder from provinces, but officially confirmed 3 deaths.
On characterisation and treatment of urinary stones in affected infants, the New England Journal of Medicine printed an editorial in March 2009, along with reports on cases from Beijing, Hong Kong and Taipei.
Urinary calculi specimens were collected from 15 cases treated in Beijing and were analysed as unknown objects for their components at Beijing Institute of Microchemistry using infrared spectroscopy, nuclear magnetic resonance, and high performance liquid chromatography. The result of the analyses showed the calculi were composed of melamine and uric acid, and the molecular ratio of uric acid to melamine was around 2:1.
In a study published in 2010, researchers from Peking University studying ultrasound images of infants who fell ill in the 2008 contamination found while most children in a rural Chinese area recovered, 12% still showed kidney abnormalities six months later. "The potential for long-term complications after exposure to melamine remains a serious concern," the report said. "Our results suggest a need for further follow-up of affected children to evaluate the possible long-term impact on health, including renal function."
Companies.
Contaminated products found in the China AQSIS tests include baby milk powder products produced by the following companies, in order of highest concentration found. Shijiazhuang Sanlu Group, Shanghai Panda Dairy, Qingdao Shengyuan Dairy, Shanxi Gu Cheng Dairy, Jiangxi Guangming Yingxiong Dairy, Baoji Huimin Dairy, Inner Mongolia Mengniu Dairy, Torador Dairy Industry (Tianjin), Guangdong Yashili Group, Hunan Peiyi Dairy, Heilongjiang Qilin Dairy, Shanxi Yashili Dairy, Shenzhen Jinbishi Milk, Scient (Guangzhou) Infant Nutrition, Guangzhou Jinding Dairy Products Factory, Inner Mongolia Yili Industrial Group, Yantai Ausmeadow Nutriment, Qingdao Suncare Nutritional Technology, Xi'an Baiyue Dairy, Yantai Leilei Dairy, Shanghai Baoanli Dairy, and Fuding Chenguan Dairy.
Sanlu.
The scandal began with revelations of contamination of Sanlu milk products. The New Zealand dairy cooperative Fonterra, which owned a 43% stake in Sanlu, said they were alerted to melamine contamination on 2 August (almost a month before the issue became public), and have said to have pushed hard for a full public recall. Although there was an immediate trade recall, Fonterra said that local administrators refused an official recall.
Warning signs ignored.
An agent from Shaanxi Jinqiao Dairy Company in northwest China reportedly publicly discussed his fears about unauthorised substances being added to competitors' milk. His complaints to regulators and dairy makers in 2005 and 2006 never yielded any result; his story was picked up by China Central Television, who ran a report complete with footage of adulteration in progress, yet the Shaanxi Quality and Technical Supervision Bureau said they failed to find evidence of wrongdoing.
The bulletin board of the Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine (AQSIQ) indicated a rare occurrence of kidney stones in children–all causally traced to Sanlu milk formula–was flagged by at least one member of the public in June 2008 and by a urologist in a paediatric hospital on 24 July 2008. Neither received definitive replies. The paediatrician, who specifically asked the AQSIQ to refer his observations to epidemiologists, was asked to refer his query to the health department.
In June, Jiangsu media reported a two-month surge in the number of babies diagnosed with kidney disease; in July, a parent of a sick baby in Hunan questioned Sanlu's milk powder and complained to the AQSIQ. Gansu Province sent a report to the Ministry of Health on 16 July to alert that one local hospital had identified an increase in the incidence of kidney ailments among babies in the months earlier, and that most victims had consumed Sanlu's baby formula. The health ministry sent investigators to Gansu in early August.
Cover-up allegations.
Fonterra notified the New Zealand government on 5 September and three days later, the Prime Minister Helen Clark had Beijing officials alerted directly. News reports began circulating in China on 9 September, the news broke internationally a day later by Reuters. The state-controlled media report did not initially identify the company involved, postings on Tianya.cn, a Chinese social portal, named Sanlu as the culprit. Sanlu initially denied the allegations.
A State Council investigation revealed Sanlu began receiving complaints about sick infants as far back as December 2007, but did no tests until June 2008. It said leading government officials in Shijiazhuang city had failed to report the contamination to provincial and state authorities (until 9 September) in violation of rules on reporting major incidents involving food safety. According to the "People's Daily", Sanlu wrote a letter to Shijiazhuang city government on 2 August 2008, asking for help to "increase control and coordination of the media, to create a good environment for the recall of the company's problem products ... to avoid whipping up the issue and creating a negative influence in society."
According to accounts confirmed by media reports and health officials, the company tried to buy off critics and cover up the contamination. In a memo dated 11 August, Beijing-based public relations agency Teller International advised Sanlu to seek cooperation with major search engines to censor negative information. The agency reportedly had repeatedly contacted key account staff at Baidu and proposed a ¥3 million (US$440,000) budget to screen all negative news. After the memo began circulating on the internet, Baidu denounced, in a communiqué on 13 September 2008, the approaches by said agency on several occasions, saying the proposal was firmly rejected, as it violated their corporate principles of unbiased and transparent reporting.
Helen Clark said of the local government: "I think the first inclination was to try and put a towel over it and deal with it without an official recall." Western media speculated China's desire for a perfect summer Olympics contributed to the delayed recall of the baby milk, citing a guideline allegedly issued to Chinese media that reporting food safety issues, such as cancer-causing mineral water, was "off-limits" although the Central government denied issuing this guidance. Hebei provincial vice-governor said his administration was only notified by Shijiazhuang on 8 September. However, a journalist at "Southern Weekend" wrote an investigative report in late July for publication about infants who had fallen ill after consuming milk powder from Sanlu. Six weeks later, senior editor Fu Jianfeng revealed on his personal blog that this report had been suppressed by authorities, due to the imminent Beijing Olympics. While this was happening, Sanlu was honoured in a national award campaign called "30 Years: Brands that Have Changed the Lives of Chinese." The press release on the award, written by a senior public relations manager at Sanlu, passed as news content on "People's Daily" and in other media.
Sanctions.
On 15 September, the company issued a public apology for the contaminated milk powder; Sanlu was ordered to halt production, and to destroy all unsold and recalled products. Authorities reportedly seized 2,176 tons of milk powder in Sanlu's warehouses. An estimated 9,000 tons of product had been recalled.
Tian Wenhua, Chairwoman and General Manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP; four Shijiazhuang officials, including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture, Zhang Fawang, were reportedly removed from office. Shijiazhuang Mayor Ji Chuntang resigned on 17 September. Li Changjiang, minister in charge of the AQSIQ, was forced to resign on 22 September after the State Council inquest concluded he was responsible for the "negligence in supervision". Investigators also blamed the Shijiazhuang government. Local Party Secretary Wu Xianguo was fired on the same day.
Arrests.
Sanlu GM Tian was charged under Articles 144 and 150 of the criminal code. A spokesman for the Hebei Provincial Public Security Department said police had arrested 12 milk dealers and suppliers who allegedly sold contaminated milk to Sanlu, and six people were charged with selling melamine. Three hundred kg of suspicious chemicals, including 223 kg of melamine, were confiscated. Among those arrested were two brothers who ran a milk collection centre in Hebei for allegedly supplying three tonnes of adulterated milk daily to the dairy; the owner of another collection centre which resold seven tons of milk a day to Sanlu, was arrested, and his operation was shut down.
Zhang Yujun (alias Zhang Haitao), a former dairy farmer from Hebei, produced more than 600 tons of a "protein powder" mixture of melamine and maltodextrin from September 2007 to August 2008. He and eight other traders, dairy farm owners and milk purchasers who bought the powder from him were arrested in early October, bringing the total to 36.
During the week of 22 December 2008, 17 people involved in producing, selling, buying and adding melamine in raw milk went on trial. Tian Wenhua, former Sanlu general manager, and three other company executives appeared in court in Shijiazhuang, charged with producing and selling milk contaminated with melamine. According to "Xinhua", Tian pleaded guilty, and told the court she learned about the tainted milk complaints from consumers in mid-May. She then apparently headed a working team to handle the case, but did not report to the Shijiazhuang city government until 2 August.
The Intermediate People's Court in Shijiazhuang sentenced Zhang Yujun and Geng Jinping to death, and Tian Wenhua to life in prison, on 22 January 2009. Zhang was convicted for producing 800 tons of the contaminated powder, Geng for producing and selling toxic food. Geng Jinping managed a milk production center which supplied milk to Sanlu Group and other dairies. The "China Daily" reported Geng had knelt on the courtroom floor and begged the victim's families for forgiveness during the trial. The court also sentenced Sanlu deputy general managers Wang Yuliang and Hang Zhiqi to fifteen years and eight years in jail, respectively, and former manager Wu Jusheng to five years. Several defendants have appealed.
Zhang Yujun and Geng Jinping were executed on 24 November 2009.
Effect on the company.
The value of the company plunged as a result of the scandal. On 24 September, Fonterra announced it had written down the carrying value of its investment by NZ$139 million (two-thirds), reflecting the costs of product recall and the impairment of the 'Sanlu' brand because of the "criminal contamination of milk". By 27 September, "China Daily" reported Sanlu was close to bankruptcy, and might be taken over by the Beijing Sanyuan Foods Company. The company is also facing lawsuits from parents (see "Anger at Sanlu").
"The Beijing Review" said Sanlu expects to have to pay compensation claims totaling ¥700 million, and it became clear the company would be broken up and sold.
On 25 December, Shijiazhuang court accepted a creditor's bankruptcy petition against Sanlu. Media commentators expected the Sanlu distribution network to be sold.
Chinese majors.
On 16 September, the AQSIQ released test of samples from 491 batches of products sold by all 109 companies producing baby milk powder. It said all 11 samples from Sanlu failed the melamine test. Sanlu, whose products sell at half the price of equivalents on the market, recorded the highest levels of contamination among all the samples tested, at 2,563 mg/kg or parts per million ("ppm"). Tainted samples were found among 21 other suppliers, where concentrations ranged from 0.09 to 619.00 ppm.
There was melamine contamination in 10% of liquid milk samples from Mengniu and Yili, and 6% of those from Bright Dairy. On discovery of contamination, the three major producers were all stripped of their status as 'Chinese national brands'. Yili, Mengniu and Bright Dairy & Food Co. recalled tainted milk powders and apologised in separate statements. Mengniu recalled all its baby formula, and trading in its shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange was suspended on 17 September. Shares in other dairy companies fell strongly the next day. Mengniu's CFO attempted to reassure consumers by offering a no-quibble refund on all products, and by drinking liquid milk in front of reporters in Hong Kong. He also said that its export products were less likely to be contaminated.
On 30 September, the AQSIQ announced test results of a further 265 batches milk powder produced by 154 different companies prior to 14 September, where it found 31 batches produced by 20 domestic dairy companies were tainted with melamine.
On 1 December, China's Ministry of Health issued an update, saying nearly 300,000 babies were sickened after consuming melamine-contaminated milk powder. In response to the surge of contaminated Chinese products, the United States Food and Drug Administration opened its first overseas inspection offices in November 2008, with bureaus in Shanghai, Beijing and Guangzhou.
Trade and industry impact.
Chinese industry.
The State Council ordered the testing of product of all dairy producers, and to this end, some 5,000 inspectors were dispatched. The Chinese market has grown at an average annual rate of 23% since 2000. In 2006, milk production reached 30 million tons, ten times the volume of a decade before. It was valued at some ¥122 billion (US$18 billion) in 2007, and consumers had severely lost confidence in the industry.
The events have exposed the often-incestuous relationship between local business and local government. In addition to the tax revenues to local authorities—Sanlu contributed ¥330 million in 2007, many companies invite local officials to become "silent partners" in their corporations—in return for "protection" at the political level; former Sanlu chairman Tian Wenhua, was made honorary deputy to the Provincial People's Congress. The scandal has also highlighted structural problems of inadequate production volume, inherent quality issues, and poor production methods. The Inner Mongolia region produces over one-fourth of China's milk, and Mengniu and Yili have invested millions to establish state-of-the-art dairy facilities in its capital, Hohhot. The companies still rely on small-scale farmers for over 90% of their production because of the capacity constraint of the modern facilities. Both companies were said by farmers and agents to have habitually purchased milk which failed quality tests, for only two-thirds the normal price. A new policy was put in place on 17 September to stop that practice.
Consumer panic resulting from the contaminated milk has lessened demand for dairy products, causing hardship to more than 2 million Chinese farmers who have nowhere to sell their milk, and no means to support their dairy cows. Farmers have been pouring away milk, and contemplating selling cows into a buyerless market.
Since the scandal erupted, sales have fallen by 30–40% on a comparative basis, according to the Chinese Dairy Association. The Association estimates the financial effect of the order of ¥20 billion, and forecasts that confidence may take up to two years to be fully restored.
In an effort to prop up sales and retain their market share, dairy firms have cancelled their common accord not to use promotions to fight the sales decline: substantial discounts (including BOGOF), free gifts and other point of sale incentives were being offered to shoppers. Their new products are conspicuously labelled "safety inspection passed" to allay consumer fears.
Foreign operations in China.
Mengniu-Arla, joint-venture between Danish/Swedish co-operative Arla Foods and Mengniu halted production on 16 September 2008 after three of 28 tests taken from Mengniu showed traces of melamine; the contaminated batches had been recalled.
Mengniu, milk supplier to Starbucks, was replaced by Vitasoy when the coffee retailer eschewed milk in favour of soya milk in its China operations. KFC also suspended selling Mengniu milk.
Tokyo-headquartered Lotte Group, a major snacks maker, recalled its Koala's March cookies in Hong Kong and Macau because of contamination, and promised to "look deeply into all the details of the manufacturing process" to preserve customer confidence. The range was also ordered off Dutch and Slovakian shelves. Its Chocolate Pie was seized when samples tested positive in Malta.
On 29 September, British confectionery group Cadbury was forced to withdraw its 11 chocolate products in China on suspicion of melamine contamination, in turn causing it to close down its three factories in China. The recall affected the China markets, as well as Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea and Australia. Tests in Hong Kong found excessive amounts of melamine in China-made "Dairy Milk" products.
On 30 September, Unilever recalled its "Lipton" milk tea powder after the company's internal checks found traces of melamine in the Chinese milk powder used as an ingredient. Heinz recalled cases of baby cereal in Hong Kong after discovering they contained melamine. Nestlé's factory in Heilongjiang was also implicated: the Taiwanese Department of Health forced the delisting of six "Neslac" and "KLIM" products on 2 October for containing minute traces of melamine, although the minister said they did not pose a significant health risk.
Since the milk crisis broke, Nestlé says it has sent 20 specialists from Switzerland to five of its Chinese plants to strengthen chemical testing. On 31 October, it announced the opening of a $10.2 million Beijing research and development centre, to "serve as the base and the reference in food safety for Nestlé in Greater China." Nestlé Chief Technology Officer said the centre was equipped with "highly sophisticated analytical tools for detecting trace amounts of residues and undesirable compounds like melamine or veterinary drugs or natural toxins".
Olympics.
There were concerns dairy products consumed during the 2008 Summer Olympic games may have been contaminated. Li Changjiang, the then Director of AQSIQ reassured the international community that all the food, including dairy products, was indeed safe. "We took special quality management measures aimed at food supply for the Games."
Outside China.
PRC Customs said exports of dairy products and eggs in 2007 were valued at US$359 million, a year-on-year increase of 90 percent. Since the news of the melamine contamination began to circulate, at least 25 countries stopped importing Chinese dairy products. A number of countries had imposed blanket bans on Chinese milk products or its derivatives—among which were
Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei, Burundi, Cameroon, Chile, Colombia, Dominican Republic, Gabon, India, Côte d'Ivoire, Maldives, Mali, Mexico, Nepal, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, South Korea, Suriname, Tanzania, Togo, and the United Arab Emirates —joining Indonesia, Taiwan, Japan, Singapore and Malaysia which had also imposed specific bans on Chinese dairy products which tested positive for melamine. White Rabbit Creamy Candy was also blacklisted after tests by health authorities around the world identified it as being contaminated.
European Union.
On 25 September 2008, the EU announced a ban on imports of baby food containing Chinese milk. The European Commission also called for tighter checks on other Chinese food imports; isolated contaminated products were found in the Netherlands, and the French authorities ordered all Chinese dairy products off shelves; Tesco removed White Rabbit as a precaution from its stores in the United Kingdom.
United States Food and Drug Administration.
In the United States of America, which was otherwise unaffected by the scares, the US distributor of White Rabbit candies recalled the product when samples found in Hartford showed traces of melamine. The candy's maker and subsidiary of Bright Foods, Guan Sheng Yuan, issued a recall to the 50 countries to which it exported.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said while food containing melamine below 2.5 parts per million generally did not raise concerns, its scientists were "currently unable to establish any level of melamine and melamine-related compounds in infant formula that does not raise public health concerns". On 12 November 2008, the FDA issued a general alert against all finished food products from China, saying that information received from government sources in a number of countries indicates a wide range and variety of products from a variety of producers have been manufactured using melamine-contaminated milk was a recurring problem. In late November, after FDA found traces of melamine in one Nestle and one Mead Johnson infant product, the FDA concluded melamine or cyanuric acid alone, "at or below 1 part per million in infant formula do not raise public health concerns" in babies.
Response.
International agencies.
The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) warned that children who ate large amounts of confectionery and biscuits with high milk content could theoretically be consuming melamine at more than three times above prescribed EU safety limits (0.5 mg/kg of body weight). The EFSA said children with a mean consumption of products such as milk toffee, biscuits and chocolate containing contaminated milk powder would not be at risk, and adults would not be at risk even in the worst case scenarios.
The World Health Organization, which was only notified on 11 September, asked Beijing why it took so many months for the scandal to become public, and to establish whether failure was deliberate or due to ignorance. WHO's representative in China, Hans Troedsson, said the issue of who knew what and when was critical "... Because if it was ignorance, there is a need to have much better training and education ... if it is neglect, then it is, of course, more serious."
Following a spate of mass national bans, the WHO urged national food safety authorities on 25 September 2008 to test Chinese dairy products for health risks before slapping on import bans or recalls. WHO and UNICEF also jointly decried the "particularly deplorable ... deliberate contamination of foods intended for ... vulnerable infants and young children" On 26 September, the WHO warned health officials around the world to be alert for dairy products of Chinese origin that could be tainted. Anthony Hazzard, the Western Pacific director of the World Health Organization said countries had been advised by the International Food Safety Authorities (INFOSAN) to focus particularly on smuggled formula.
The WHO referred to the incident as one of the largest food safety events it has had to deal with in recent years. It says the crisis of confidence among Chinese consumers would be hard to overcome. It saw regulation failing to keep pace with the rapid development of the food and industrial production as opening the gates to all types of misbehaviour and malfeasance. The spokesman said the scale of the problem proved it was "clearly not an isolated accident, a large-scale intentional activity to deceive consumers for simple, basic, short-term profits."
WHO Director-General Margaret Chan reminded Chinese mothers that babies not breastfed were being deprived of the best nutrition offered by nature, while risking being exposed to the effects of melamine. She added: "We need to try our very best to tell the difference [between breast milk and formula. Of course breastfeeding is the best food for babies." Chan said the melamine-in-milk scandal showed "the impact and power of globalisation" in food distribution and highlighted "the importance of seamless cooperation from farm to consumer."
Chinese public.
Anger at Sanlu.
The case brought anger and resentment at milk producers and sowed uncertainty and confusion among the population. Queues formed outside Sanlu's offices for refunds. The Sanlu website was hacked several times and its name as displayed in the header bar changed to 三聚氰胺集团 ("The Melamine Group") in a play of words on the character "三" (number 3), which is the first word of Sanlu's Chinese name: 三鹿 (Three Deer); "Melamine" was also added as a product name by a hacker. As has been increasingly common practice, web users vented their anger on internet bulletin boards. Prevalent food scares have increased the number of online parodies circulated by netizens. Those inspired by Sanlu have been along themes of passing the buck, stones, or the virtues of not being able to urinate. Celebrities who have endorsed dairy products have also been mocked in photoshopped images.
Before the government began offering free medical treatment, some parents had reportedly spent small fortunes on medical care for their sick children. Children who fell ill before the scandal broke on 12 September were not entitled to free medical care offered by the State. Parents of two such victims, one from Henan and one from Guangdong, filed writs against Sanlu despite government pressure. Parents of the Henan child had claimed ¥150,000 for medical, travel and other expenses incurred after their child developed kidney stones. On 20 October, the parents of one baby who died from contaminated milk appealed to New Zealand for justice on TV ONE. They were quoted as saying the perpetrators of the milk scandal responsible for the death of their child deserved to "die a thousand deaths". A total of nine cases were filed against Sanlu in Shijiazhuang. Following weeks of discussions, and in the absence of a compensation plan, a group of 15 lawyers filed a collective suit on behalf of 100 families against Sanlu, seeking medical and other expenses as well as compensation for trauma and for death of offspring.
Anger at political leaders.
There is growing resentment towards the country's leaders due to the perception that they are not troubled by the food security turmoil faced by ordinary citizens: in a speech delivered by Zhu Yonglan (祝詠蘭), Director of the State Council Central Government Offices Special Food Supply Centre (CGOSFSC) in August 2008, Zhu disclosed that her firm which was set up in 2004 to source high-quality, all-organic foodstuffs from farms working under the strictest guidelines, for supply to top political leaders, their families and retired cadres.
"The State Council Party and State Organisations Special Food Supply Centre ... is supported by the State Council Logistics Base, Central Security Bureau farms, and supply bases spread over all 13 provinces, municipalities ... and autonomous regions. These bases supply the 94 ministries' and commissions' veteran cadres with high quality organic food products ... products accord with the highest standards."
... Everyone knows that at present average production facilities use large quantities of chemical fertilizers and pesticides. Antibiotics and hormones are used in the raising of animals. Aquatic animal products are raised in polluted waters. All of these toxins end up in the final food products (all kinds of produce, meat, dairy products etc.). It goes without saying that these are harmful when consumed by humans."
"Zhu Yonglan, Director of the CGOSFSC – speech to Shandong KR Biomedical, 18 August 2008"
Premier Wen Jiabao apologised to the nation, saying he felt "extremely guilty" about the poisoned milk products, in the same way he had previously asked the people's pardon for the deaths of coal miners, polluted drinking water, and train passengers stranded by the authorities' inadequate response to the severe snowstorm during the New Year.
Author Qin Geng (秦耕) said: "The big picture in this case was the interest of one-party rule above anything, not that they would put the safety of the people first". Qin concluded what the Chinese public were told by the state-controlled media the contamination of milk is a well orchestrated process, and they are "very sad, very frightened and very concerned."
Quest for milk substitutes.
Poorer consumers reliant on local milk powder, which is approximately half the price of imported brands, have been left without alternatives to feed their children. Many have now lost faith in local brands, and others are uncertain which brands are safe. Supermarket shelves have been swept bare from product recalls. Shops in Hong Kong have reported a rush for imported formula from cross-border shoppers, and some retailers are reportedly rationing their stocks. Mainlanders have also been rushing to import milk powder from Kinmen. Wet nurses are enjoying a resurgence in popularity in major cities. New Zealand media reported Chinese sailors and expatriates have been buying local dairy produce for sending back to relatives in China.
Taiwan.
The melamine food scare became a focal point against the warming relations between Taiwan's government and the Chinese government, and a major demonstration was held by the opposition Democratic Progressive Party on 25 October 2008 to voice dissatisfaction with Taiwan's increasingly closer ties with Beijing, notably related to the incident. Protesters fearful at reunification blamed the Kuomintang for the melamine scare, and criticised it for failing to stand up to China over the contamination. One citizen voiced concern that President Ma Ying-jeou's promise for closer ties with China would bring in more tainted products to Taiwan. The Minister of the Department of Health, Lin Fang-yue, was heavily criticised for raising the legally acceptable limit of melamine in food products from zero to 2.5 ppm. The public outcry subsequent to the move forced Lin to resign. His successor, Yeh Chin-chuan, announced a return to the original zero-tolerance policy to melamine.
PRC government.
Top leaders' comments.
AQSIQ announced the revocation of all exemptions from inspection previously granted to dairy producers, who were asked to cease citing the privilege in their advertisements. The State Council ordered an overhaul of the dairy industry, and promised to provide free medical care to those affected. Formally, the State Council released its initial findings, and a top-level official apology of the incident both came on 21 September. Wen Jiabao apologised while visiting victims in hospitals.
CPC General Secretary Hu Jintao said on 1 October 2008: "Food safety is directly linked to the well-being of the broad masses and the competence of a company ... Chinese companies should learn from the lessons of the Sanlu tainted milk powder incident."
On 6 October 2008, putting the blame on "illegal production and greed", the country's "chaotic dairy production and distribution order", and the "gravely absent supervision" for the crisis, the State Council announced new dairy industry regulations.
On 9 October 2008, in an attempt to control the damage to Chinese dairy exports, officials at a World Trade Organization meeting insisted that contamination had been "accidental", directly contradicting the WHO observations. Chinese trade representatives criticised countries which have imposed blanket bans on Chinese food products. They urged member states to base import restrictions on scientific risk assessments, and to use official WTO notification mechanisms. On 11 October, Deputy Health minister Liu Qian stated that all the foreign companies' application for compensation for dairy products recall would be dealt with on a commercial basis, although government may use diplomatic channels if necessary, if problems were encountered.
Stepped-up inspection program.
According to a senior quality inspectorate official, the government aimed to establish nearly 400 product testing centres within the next two years, and 80 of these would be food testing centres. Working groups were established in nearly every single province in order to set up new food testing centres and replace outdated equipment.
On 24 September 2008, China's newly appointed AQSIQ chief Wang Yong said that the government would "carry out 'forceful' measures to deal with the chemical contamination"; it's inspectors had removed 7,000 tonnes of melamine contaminated dairy products from shops all over China.
On 4 October, the Ministry of Agriculture announced it had drawn up an emergency rescue plan with the Ministry of Finance to give special subsidies to dairy farmers, seriously affected by the lack of demand following the contamination scandal; local governments had already drafted policies to stabilise the dairy industry; 150,000 officials had been sent to overhaul the entire supply chains from cattle feed to milk collection; 18,803 milk-collecting stations had been registered and checked by these officials. The ministry was reported to have investigated 98 dairy producers and farms, banned 151 illegal companies and indicted three manufacturers for feed containing melamine. During an investigation into melamine contamination at Yili and Mengniu in Hohhot, police arrested six more people for allegedly selling and mixing melamine into raw milk. The AQSIQ announced on 5 October that all tests showed all milk produced after 14 September were free from contamination. The General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine stated all dairy products made before 14 September will be tested for melamine. They gave notice to all supermarkets, shops, and all city, town and village-level vendors to urgently remove and seal up all milk powder and liquid milk made before 14 September, pending further testing.
The Ministry of Health and five other government agencies issued a joint statement on 9 October, setting the legally acceptable level of melamine content in infant formula at 1 ppm (1 mg/kg), and at 2.5ppm in other dairy products (including milk). The Chinese Centre for Disease Control and Prevention said that any amount exceeding 1 ppm would give reason to suspect its presence was intentional."
Public relations.
On 26 September 2008, in order to quell the disquiet over the speech by Zhu Yonglan of the CGOSFSC regarding leaders' insulation from the food-security issues faced by the general population, Xinhua issued a brief statement, in Chinese, denying the existence of the Centre, the award, or any person named Zhu Yonglan, saying these were "purely rumours".
On 16 September, the AQSIQ tests on baby milk powder produced by 109 companies showed 69 batches from 22 companies to be melamine-contaminated; the State Council attempted to reassure that formula produced by most companies in China was safe. It said: "the number of companies with melamine-tainted milk accounted for 20.18% of the total of milk powder companies in China; the number of tainted batches accounted for 14.05% of the total batches tested." On 30 September, the AQSIQ said its tests on 265 batches from 154 companies showed that "only 18%" had tested positive for melamine: "of the 290 dairies nationwide 154 dairies, representing 87% market share, 134 of these dairies had tested negative for melamine."
On 16 September, the AQSIQ published results of tests on 408 liquid milk producers, and found "most dairy products were safe to drink", although the test results showed nearly 10 percent of batches from Mengniu, Yili and Bright were contaminated.
The government stressed that no new cases of melamine-related illnesses had been detected since 20 September, and that test results on samples from 31 brands of baby formula, 84 brands powder for adult consumption, and 75 domestic brands of liquid milk produced after 14 September did not contain melamine, the AQSIQ said. To demonstrate that its emergency measures had been effective, the Ministry of Agriculture said the rate of raw milk dumping because of the contamination scandal has decreased from 23.6% on 22 September to 4.6% on 1 October.
Censorship.
Behind the scenes, China's media was ordered to tone down coverage of the unfolding scandal to prevent unrest. News editors were ordered to adhere to the official copy of "Xinhua". Traditionally, media knows to avoid negative news coverage, and CCTV shifted reporting emphasis on the forthcoming launch of Shenzhou VII. The announcement of the AQSIQ test results was relegated to the final item on the CCTV evening news.
"The Wall Street Journal" reported that the suppression of bad news had not improved since the scandal was uncovered: media rigidly adheres to the official line, as ordered; Chinese consumers were ill-informed about the extent of global recalls. It reported local journalists saying that discussion of the causes of the crisis, government responsibility, questions about government complicity with dairy companies, was strictly off limits.
On 2 January, a website created by individuals protesting against Sanlu was also blocked by the authorities. A group of parents whose children were rendered ill by melamine-contaminated milk held a news conference to draw attention to the plight of their sick children; five were allegedly detained by police and taken to a labour camp outside Beijing. They were released a day later.
Pressure on the legal profession.
A group of 90 lawyers from Hebei, Henan and Shandong—the three worst affected provinces—had made "pro bono" offers to assist victims, and a list of their names was published. Organisers of the group declared that they had come under pressure from officials to not get involved in the issue. The Beijing Lawyers' Association, a part of the Communist Party apparatus, asked its members "to put faith in the party and government". Other members of the group have reportedly received less subtle requests. Authorities are said to fear social unrest if lawsuits were unleashed. Pro-Beijing Hong Kong journal "Ta Kung Pao" reported that central authorities, fearful of the effect of mass lawsuits, held a meeting with lawyers' groups on 14 September, asking them to "act together, and help maintain stability".
Chang Boyang, one of the group of volunteer lawyers, said he had filed a suit in Guangdong against Sanlu on behalf of the parents of one victim. One was already filed in Henan. Chang said that Henan's justice department had ordered 14 Henan lawyers to stop helping the kidney stone victims, saying it had become a political issue. He claims he was told by the official to "follow the arrangements set out by the government", and was further threatened: "If this suggestion is disobeyed, the lawyer and the firm will be dealt with." Zhang Yuanxin, lawyer and officer in the Xinjiang Lawyers' Association said that the actions of certain departments in government have "set back the development of the legal profession". He said that it was "intolerable" for government to interfere in the affairs of the judiciary, denying the right of ordinary citizens to sue.
An official said that central government had issued instructions placing the cases on hold, pending a decision on how to handle the cases in a unified manner. Furthermore, that court was instructed not to give any written replies or accept Sanlu-related cases in the meantime.
Other third parties.
On the economic root cause.
Stratfor believed that the act of adulterating milk and baby food in full knowledge of potentially severe sanctions, including execution, seemed like "an act of desperation." It noted that in 2008 dairy farmers became squeezed by growing costs of livestock, feed, facilities, and government-imposed price caps. Mengniu's share price fell 12% since October 2007 due to higher costs of raw milk (due partly to rising costs of cattle feed) and price controls– anti-inflation measures targeted at the dairy sector announced on 16 January. Milk suppliers accordingly resorted to subtler cost-cutting methods to preserve diminishing profits.
On the damage caused.
Joseph Sternberg of "the Wall Street Journal" said that Beijing's failures of food-safety act are "much more pernicious, and disgraceful, than at first it appears ... only has this milk poisoned thousands of infants with melamine, it also poisons the society at large with fear." Lawyer Bill Marler, speaking at a food safety conference in Beijing, said that this food scare has harmed the "made in China" brand abroad. He remarked: "If this product had gotten into the United States, it would have been 'game over' for a lot of products in China."
The similarities between China today and New York 150 years ago shouldn't come as a great surprise. Adulteration on such a scandalous scale occurs in societies with a toxic combination of characteristics: a fast-growing capitalist economy coupled with a government unable or unwilling to regulate the food supply. In such get-rich-quick societies, there is a huge temptation to tamper with food, particularly when margins are low. The rewards are instant, and it's not always easy for consumers to detect the difference between the pure and the doctored—particularly with a substance like milk, which we have been taught to trust implicitly.
"Bee Wilson, The New York Times"An op-ed in "the New York Times" compared this to the "swill milk scandal" in New York in the 1850s in which 8,000 children reportedly died from milk from cows fed swill which was then whitened with plaster of Paris, thickened with starch, eggs and hued with molasses."
An article published in the "San Francisco Chronicle" likened the regulatory failures of the milk scandal to the distressed assets in the subprime mortgage crisis, and questioned whether regulators in either case ever understood or truly monitored the extent of the danger.
Louis Klarevas, a professor at New York University's Center for Global Affairs, said of the products on the list of potentially harmful products reaching the US in recent years were exclusive to China: "Yet as more large-scale labor markets compete for their share of international trade, the incentives to cut corners will increase and the temptation to overlook hazardous goods might become a more common occurrence."
On a more positive note Bill Durodié, senior fellow at the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies in Singapore noted in the 10 November 2008 issue of the "Today" newspaper there, in response to a question suggesting there may be more such incidents in future due to the more liberal trading relations with China, that: "exposing the Chinese to the world market is probably the fastest way of addressing these issues".
Ron Unz compares the Chinese government and media reaction favorably to the coverage of the Vioxx scandal in the USA, saying that "American journalists seemed to focus more attention on a half-dozen fatalities in China than they did on the premature deaths of as many as 500,000 of their fellow American citizens."
On the power structure.
Hu Xingdou (胡星斗), a professor at Beijing Institute of Technology, said: "There hasn't been an effort to establish a moral foundation to the market economy, and this incident is the inevitable result." Hu urged the leadership to transform the way of thinking, to repair the system, rather than dealing with problems as they arise.
The dairy scandal raises the core question of whether the ruling Communist Party is capable of creating a transparent, accountable regulatory structure within a one-party system. "Time Magazine" cited many analysts saying the party's need to maintain control of the economy and of information undermines the independence of any regulatory system. One analyst, Willy Lam, a Senior Fellow at The Jamestown Foundation, indicated that CCP's pervasive control over political and economic resources has resulted in the absence of meaningful systematic checks and balances. "Institutions that could provide some oversight over party and government authorities—for example, the legislature, the courts or the media—are tightly controlled by CCP apparatchiks." A Beijing-based consultancy, Dragonomics, concurred that "the problem was rooted in the Communist Party's continued involvement in pricing control, company management and the flow of information". Independent regulation was lacking or ineffective as local industries' were so intertwined with local officialdom.
"The Times" noted that while one child in 20 in Shanghai may have kidney damage as a result of drinking contaminated formula milk, on the other hand, "like the emperors of old, the new communist elite enjoy the finest produce from all over China, sourced by a high-security government department."
Access Asia, a Shanghai-based consumer consultancy, said Fonterra was a classic example of western executives in China "believ advice in business books that they must avoid making their local partners 'lose face' at all costs." It suggested that Fonterra paid a heavy price in write-offs, a wrecked business and public condemnation.
"Caijing" said the crisis revealed that there had been a "serious dereliction of duty" at the AQSIQ, and that the government had failed as a "night watchman". Citing public consensus that government should limit itself to a supervisory role, it urged the construction of a regulatory system which addressed the role of regulators watching over the production process, avoiding over-regulation, 'regulatory capture' and abuse of power by regulators. "Keeping the market in order and ensuring independent law enforcement should be part of the mandate."
On the culture of secrecy.
David Bandurski, journalist and researcher at China Media Project, criticised the crippling media controls by the state combined with "runaway commercial greed", and said that the censorship "suppresses information. critical to the well-being of ordinary Chinese." He asserted that increased press freedom needs to be a component of any strategy to deal with this and other future food-security lapses in China. Free media in China could compensate for the underdeveloped rule of law, and be important in keeping companies and regulators honest. Bandurski cited warnings in 9 October 2008 issues of "Nanfang Daily" and the "Information Times" for consumers to be aware of that problematic dairy stock (that produced before 14 September) have reappeared in some stores under cover of aggressive promotions.
Former senior party official Bao Tong said "the more dark secrets are exposed, the better. You can't cure the disease, or save the Chinese people, until you get to the root of the problem." "If the Chinese government tries to play down this incident, there will be no social stability in China, let alone harmony ... It will mean that this government has lost the most basic level of trust."
On the Chinese social critics.
As a reaction to and comment on the scandal, Chinese artist and video animation producer Pi San created "Little Rabbit, Be Good" as part of his popular Kuang Kuang video series. Though officially banned or forbidden by the Chinese government, clever use of Chinese web services such as Baidu allows Chinese citizens to access this and many other forbidden materials.
Widening contamination.
The search widened when some manufacturers tested positive despite reportedly not using Chinese milk. The Sri Lankan manufacturer of "Munchee Lemon Puff" biscuits, having tested positive in Switzerland, categorically stated that its milk powder or milk products were sourced only from Australia, Holland and Canada; similarly, Pokka products without milk or its derivatives from China were found by Vietnamese authorities to be contaminated.
Chicken and eggs.
Japanese and South Korean authorities' tests on imported egg powder from China found melamine contamination. Japan found melamine in frozen fried chicken imported from China. The South Korean supplies were traced to two companies in Dalian. On 26 October, Hong Kong authorities discovered 4.7ppm melamine in eggs from Dalian. Hong Kong Secretary for Food and Health, York Chow, suspected the melamine came from feed given to the chickens that laid the eggs. On 29 October, Hong Kong authorities discovered a third batch of eggs containing excessive melamine. The Taiwanese Department of Health said that six batches of protein powder from Jilin and Dalian were found to contain 1.90 to 5.03ppm of melamine.
Agriculture officials speculated that adulterated feed given to hens could explain melamine in eggs. The Web sites of "Xinhua" and "People's Daily" both carried a story from the "Nanfang Daily" that mixing melamine into animal feed was an "open secret" in the industry: melamine scrap was mixed into an inexpensive "protein powder" resold to feed suppliers. People in the trade interviewed by "BusinessWeek" also confirmed it was common practice, and had been going on for "years", with most believing it to be non-toxic to animals. Melamine dealers said after Sanlu, the government started clamping down on melamine sales to food processing companies or to manufacturers of animal feed.
Baking powder.
Malaysian authorities determined that ammonium bicarbonate, not milk, imported from China was the source of contamination at Khong Guan and Khian Guan biscuit factory.
Malaysian authorities said it was probable cross contamination of batches from Chinese companies Broadtech Chemical Int. Co Ltd, Dalian Chemical Industries and Tianjin Red Triangle International Trading Co, and did not suspect adulteration. On 19 October, Taiwanese authorities detected melamine in 469 tons of baking ammonia imported from China. Samples tested showed up to 2,470ppm of melamine.
Impact and response.
China's eggs exports in the first eight months of 2008 were valued at USD92.7 million. More than 90% went to Asian countries, and 6.5% went to North America, according to the Ministry of Commerce.
International agencies.
Jorgen Schlundt, head of food safety at the WHO criticised China's food-safety system for being "disjointed", saying that "poor communications between ministries and agencies may have prolonged the outbreak of melamine poisoning."
Chinese public and the trade.
Public concerns have resulted in demand and egg prices falling throughout the country. Prices at a large Beijing wholesale market dropped 10%, and prices fell by 10% the day after news of the contamination broke in Hong Kong. Wholesalers have refused stock products without melamine inspection certificates. The "Beijing Youth Daily" reported that farmers have been forced to slaughter tens of thousands of chickens.
In 2008, Zhao Lianhai (赵连海), a Chinese man whose son was sickened by tainted milk earlier that year, started a website called "Home for the Kidney Stone Babies" (结石宝宝之家, jieshibaobao.com), which helped families with children affected by tainted milk share their experiences, in part by maintaining a database of medical records. The website upset Chinese authorities, who detained Zhao in November 2009 and arrested him in December 2009.
PRC government.
The Chinese government said that producers violating the law "could have their licenses revoked and be handed over to law enforcement organs". A senior Agriculture Ministry official said that of a quarter of a million feed-makers and animal farms inspected for melamine contamination, inspectors found more than 500 engaged in "illegal or questionable practices". Some 3,700 tonnes of feed with excessive melamine were seized.
Hong Kong regulators have requested certification of exported eggs, but the central government has not yet mounted a centralised response; although mainland authorities already require eggs to be certified as free of avian influenza and Sudan red dye prior to export following previous food-safety scares, the AQSIQ has declined nationwide testing. Local government, for example Guangdong authorities, have increased random inspections at poultry farms. They declared to "harshly crack down on the unlawful behaviour of illegally manufacturing, selling and using melamine".
Contamination and response in 2009–2010.
On 2 December 2009, China detained three employees of Shaanxi Jinqiao Dairy Company in northwest China suspected of selling 5.25 tons of melamine-laced milk powder to Nanning Yueqian Food Additive Company, in Guangxi. On 30 December 2009, Xinhua reported continuing problems: powder and flavouring products sold by another company involved in the original scandal–the Shanghai Panda Dairy Company–were found to contain illegal levels of melamine; the dairy was closed and three of its executives arrested. On 25 January 2010, it was reported that three food companies from Hebei, Liaoning and Shandong provinces had produced melamine tainted products in March and April 2009 and that the three companies were banned from selling products in Guizhou province. On 10 February 2010 China's state council announced a food safety commission, consisting of three vice premiers and a dozen minister-level officials, to address the nation's food regulatory problems. The group aims to improve government coordination and enforcement and to solve systemic food safety problems. As part of its ongoing effort to find and destroy any melamine-tainted milk remaining on the market, the Chinese government announced that it was recalling 170 tons of milk powder laced with the industrial chemical which was supposed to have been destroyed or buried in 2008 but has recently found to have been repackaged and placed back into the marketplace.
In July 2010, Xinhua reported that authorities had seized 64 tonnes of dairy product contaminated with melamine from Dongyuan Dairy Factory, in Minhe County, in Qinghai, after authorities in Gansu discovered the contaminated milk powder. Approximately 38 tonnes of raw materials had been purchased from Hebei, raising the possibility that traders had bought tainted milk that was supposed to have been destroyed after the 2008 scandal. Police have detained the owner and production director of the factory. Milk powder produced in the plant was mainly sold in Zhejiang and Jiangsu, with only a small amount sold in Qinghai. Also, in Jilin, authorities were testing samples of suspect milk powder produced in Heilongjiang.
At the end of June 2010, Beijing lowered the minimum protein level for raw milk, from 2.955 to 2.8%, to discourage dairy farmers from attempting to falsify the passing of protein tests. Wu Heping, secretary general of the Heilongjiang Dairy Industry Association noted that between 75% and 90% of raw milk in some provinces had failed to reach the old protein level standard (in place since 1986) in 2007 and 2008. He said that the new standard reflected "the reality of the domestic dairy farm industry". However, insiders believe this will not stop adulteration because milk price still depends on protein content.
Notes.
Verbatim quote
For verification purposes, the following are relevant citations in Chinese from the "Caijing" article dated 29 September 2008
For verification purposes, the following are relevant citations in Chinese from the Nanfang Daily article dated 9 October 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19356039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356039" title="Thilo Versick">
Thilo Versick

Thilo Versick (born 27 November 1985 in Minden) is a German footballer who plays for SV Rödinghausen.
Versick has made 2 appearances for Arminia Bielefeld in the Fußball-Bundesliga during his playing career.

</doc>
<doc id="19356046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356046" title="Canton of Fécamp">
Canton of Fécamp

The Canton of Fécamp is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of fishing, farming, quarrying and light industry in the arrondissement of Le Havre, centred on the port of Fécamp. The altitude varies from 0m (Fécamp) to 131m (Tourville-les-Ifs) for an average altitude of 81m.
Composition.
The Canton of Fécamp comprises 13 communes and a total of 29,294 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19356049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356049" title="Emulation (observational learning)">
Emulation (observational learning)

In emulation learning, subjects learn about parts of their environment and use this to achieve their own goals. Observational learning (sometimes called social learning) is based primarily on the work of Albert Bandura. First coined by child psychologist David Wood in 1988. In 1990 “emulation” was taken up by Michael Tomasello to explain the findings of an earlier study on ape social learning. The meaning of the term emulation has changed gradually since.
Emulation is a form of observational learning, different from imitation, which focuses on the action's environmental results instead of a model's action. Simpler form of observational learning is expected to have profound implications for its capacity for cultural transmission. Emulation produces only fleeting fidelity compared with the opportunity to copy a conspecific, when considerable conformity is displayed even with a simple task. This was observed through a study, ghost-conditions, in chimpanzees and children.
History of the term.
In the original version, emulation referred to observers understanding objects in their potential to help them achieve desired results. They gained this understanding by seeing demonstrators achieving these very results with these objects. The actions performed by the demonstrators however were not copied, so it was concluded that observers learn “from the demonstration, that the tool may be used to obtain the food” (Tomasello et al., 1987). 
In 1996, Tomasello redefined the term: “The individual observing and learning some affordances of the behavior of another animal, and then using what it has learned in devising its own behavioral strategies, is what I have called emulation learning. […] an individual is not just attracted to the location of another but actually learns something about the environment as a result of its behavior”. An even later definition further clarifies: “In emulation learning, learners see the movement of the objects involved and then come to some insight about its relevance to their own problems.”. Here animals learn some physics or causal relations of the environment. This does not necessarily involve a very complex understanding of abstract phenomena (as to what defines a “tool as a tool”).
Emulation comprises a large span of cognitive complexity, from minimal cognitive complexity to very complex levels Emulation was originally invented as a “cognitivist’s alternative” to associative learning (Tomasello, 1999), spanning learning about how things function and their “affordances” put to the use of achieving ones own goals: “Emulation learning in tool-use tasks seems to require the perception and understanding of some causal relations among objects” 
. This necessarily involves some “insight” - a cognitive domain. To further highlight this point Call & Carpenter wrote in 2001: “it would be a harder task to teach robots to emulate than it is already to teach them to imitate”.
Albert Bandura formulated his findings in a four-step pattern which combines a cognitive view and an operant view of learning, based on attention, retention, reproduction, and motivation.
Current theory.
Recently, Huang & Chaman (2005 ) have summarized the different connotations of the term that are currently being discussed. These versions are: "end state emulation", "goal emulation", "object movement reenactment", and "emulation via affordance learning". In their words: in end state emulation "the presence of an end result motivates an observer to replicate the result without explicitly encoding it in relation to the
model’s goal". In goal emulation, "an observer attributes a goal to the model while attempting to devise his or her own strategy to reproduce the end result". In object movement reenactment "when an observer sees an object or its parts move, and that movement leads to a salient outcome, seeing the object movement might motivate the observer to reproduce the outcome". Emulation via affordance learning "refers to a process whereby an observer detects stimulus consequences, such as dynamic properties and temporal–spatial causal relations of objects, through watching the object movements".
Byrne (2002 ) has come up with a slightly different classification, and which is looking more closely at the learning on the object level. He distinguishes three forms: 1) learning physical properties of objects 2) learning the relationships among objects 3) understanding cause-and-effect relationships and changes of state of objects (e.g. "that a stick can be used as a rake").
Experimental approaches.
Emulation has been researched in a diverse range of species, including humans. The methodology most often applied is the so-called ghost-condition - put forward by Cecilia Heyes and colleagues in 1994. Ghost condition demonstrations do not involve any information on body movements. Instead, the parts of the apparatus move as if a ghost moves them (for this purpose often very thin fishing line is attached to the moving parts and which transmits the necessary forces). While the use of this method (and subsequently the interpretation of findings) has been criticized on the basis of it lacking ecological validity (it is a strange thing for non-animate objects to move on their own accord ), it succeeded in showing that environmental information can be enough for observational learning to occur (work on pigeons ). Thus, the general validity of the ghost condition is now established. Chimpanzees tested with this methodology have sometimes failed to copy (), but copied in another study - as did dogs.

</doc>
<doc id="19356051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356051" title="Fruitcake EP">
Fruitcake EP

Fruitcake EP is an EP released by the defunct Filipino alternative rock band Eraserheads released by Sony BMG Music Philippines Inc. (Formerly BMG Records Pilipinas, Inc.) in 1996 as a promotional material for the launching of their album Fruitcake in December 1996. The album contains three tracks that includes the band's well-known Christmas song "Fruitcake", "Old Fashioned Christmas Carol" and their own version of the song "Christmas Alphabet".

</doc>
<doc id="19356059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356059" title="Mahmoud Khoshnam">
Mahmoud Khoshnam

Mahmoud Khoshnam (,
born in Tehran in 1935) is a Persian music critic. He was the editor of Music Review magazine in the years 1960-1963.
He studied political sciences at the University of Tehran and continued his studies in sociology in Germany and Austria.
He taught literature at the Persian National Music Conservatory in Tehran and was the editor of Roudaky Monthly for five years.
From 1960 he was the editor of Music Review magazine (Majale-ye Musighi) in Tehran. Khoshnam shortly was in the head of Roudaki Hall public relation section.
In 1980 he moved to Germany. In following years he cooperated with Deutsche Welle and BBC Persian Service. His main programs were focused on Persian folk and pop music.
A selection of Khoshnam articles/interviews was published in Sweden in 1998 titled "In the Field of Music" ["dar Ghalamro'e Musighi"].

</doc>
<doc id="19356065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356065" title="Zlatko Janjić">
Zlatko Janjić

Zlatko Janjić (born 7 May 1986 in Bosanska Gradiška) is a German footballer who currently plays for FC Erzgebirge Aue.
Career.
He made his Bundesliga debut for Arminia Bielefeld in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19356066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356066" title="Abu al-Walid al-Baji">
Abu al-Walid al-Baji

Abu al-Walid al-Baji (or Sulayman ibn Khalaf ibn Sa`d or Sa`dun ibn Ayyub, al-Qadi Abu al-Walid al-Tujaybi al-Andalusi al-Qurtubi al-Baji al-Tamimi al-Dhahabi al-Maliki) (1013–1081) was a famous Maliki scholar and poet from Al-Andalus. 
Al-Baji worked at various times as a watchman and a goldsmith to support himself. He was a contemporary of the jurist Ibn Hazm. He died in 1081.
Bibliography.
By Abu al-Walid al-Baji:

</doc>
<doc id="19356099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356099" title="Refrigerated transport Dewar">
Refrigerated transport Dewar

A refrigerated transport Dewar is a refrigerated transport vessel with an insulated Dewar flask (vacuum) design to carry cryogenic liquid. To prevent pressure build-up they are equipped with safety relief valves and/or rupture discs. The liquid can be withdrawn as a gas by passing liquid through an internal vaporizer or as a liquid under its own vapour pressure.
History.
A non refrigerated air-transportable dewar for 750 liters of liquid hydrogen was developed by H.L. Johnston in ca. 1952. The heat flow to the liquid hydrogen shell was 4 watts, boill-off about 7.5 liters per day, or 1% of the rated capacity. They were equipped with valves, instruments, and a vacuum pump.
The refrigerated transport dewar was based on a design by the Arthur D. Little Company and produced by the Cambridge Corporation using a closed cycle helium refrigerator, the 2000 liters of liquid hydrogen could be stored or transported indefinitely with no loss as long as the refrigerator was operated. It was placed on a 10.7-meter semi-trailer and weighed 18.1 metric tons, including a diesel generator for refrigerator operation away from electric power lines.

</doc>
<doc id="19356100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356100" title="Harrington Evans Broad">
Harrington Evans Broad

Harrington Evans Broad (born 1844–December 8, 1927) was an English Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1892 to 1895.
Broad was born at Hitchin, Hertfordshire. He was a Chartered Accountant of Warlingham, Surrey. In 1892, on the death of the incumbent Henry Wardle, Broad was elected as Member of Parliament for South Derbyshire constituency. He lost the seat in the 1895 general election.
Broad married Zillah Broad in Reigate in 1872. He died in Godstone, Surrey aged 83.

</doc>
<doc id="19356105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356105" title="Wasilla Airport">
Wasilla Airport

Wasilla Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located about 3.5 miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Wasilla, a city in the Matanuska-Susitna Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. Wasilla is 17 miles by air and 47 miles by road from Anchorage, the largest city in Alaska.
Facilities and aircraft.
Wasilla Airport has an asphalt paved runway designated 3/21 which measures 3,700 by 75 feet (1,128 x 23 m). It also has a turf and gravel runway (3S/21S) which is 1,690 by 60 feet (515 x 18 m). There are 100 aircraft based at this airport, all single-engine.
The airport is open year round and has radio controlled runway, taxiway and security lighting. It offers engine and airframe repair, fuel, and air-taxi services.

</doc>
<doc id="19356110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356110" title="Horst-Arno Fenski">
Horst-Arno Fenski

Horst-Arno Fenski (3 November 1918 – 10 February 1965) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Fenski is credited with the sinking of six merchant ships for a total of and two warships, including the on 18 February 1944. On 3 May 1944 he attacked and damaged the USS "Menges". The following day "U-371" was sunk by USS "Joseph E. Campbell", USS "Pride" and other warships, killing three of her crew. Fenski was taken prisoner of war, spending three years in US captivity. Prior to taking command of his first U-boat, fenski served as first watch officer on "U-752" (24 May 1941 – 15 June 1942), at the time under the command of Karl-Ernst Schroeter.

</doc>
<doc id="19356121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356121" title="1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's javelin throw">
1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's javelin throw

These are the official results of the Women’s javelin throw event at the 1994 European Championships in Helsinki, Finland. There were a total number of 22 participating athletes. The final was held on 12 August 1994. All results were made with a rough surfaced javelin (old design). The qualification mark was set at .
Trine Hattestad of Norway won the gold medal with a throw of .
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19356190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356190" title="Everton F.C. non playing staff">
Everton F.C. non playing staff

Below is a list of notable non-playing staff who have worked for Everton. Generally, this means non-playing staff that have been several years in the club. However, some non-playing staff who have made significant contributions to the club's history, are also included.
"Non-playing staff are listed according to the date they was hired by the club."

</doc>
<doc id="19356201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356201" title="Canton of Goderville">
Canton of Goderville

The Canton of Goderville is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming and associated light industry in the arrondissement of Le Havre, centred on the small town of Goderville. The altitude varies from 32m (Bec-de-Mortagne) to 147m (Vattetot-sous-Beaumont) for an average altitude of 113m.
Composition.
The Canton of Goderville comprises 22 communes and a total of 12,488 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19356204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356204" title="Railway stations in Iran">
Railway stations in Iran

History.
There are about 300 railway stations in Iran from 1938.
the names of some of these stations are as follows:
See also.
Railway stations in Turkey

</doc>
<doc id="19356217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356217" title="Universe (Modern Talking album)">
Universe (Modern Talking album)

Universe released on 31 March 2003 is the twelfth and final studio album of Modern Talking and it is the sixth release since the duo's 1998 reunion. The album completely produced by Dieter Bohlen, landed on the German chart on 14 April 2003 entering the No. 2 position. After spending three weeks within the top-10 and total of 12 weeks in the album chart, "Universe" reached a gold status in Germany for shipping over 150,000 units. "Universe" also peaked at No.20 on the Polish album chart where it spent total of four weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19356231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356231" title="Georg Damjanoff">
Georg Damjanoff

Georg Damjanoff (born 12 October 1945) is a retired German footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19356245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356245" title="Solomon Star">
Solomon Star

The Solomon Star is a Solomon Islands daily, English language newspaper, launched on May 25, 1982. It is produced by the Solomon Star Company, whose owner, publisher and director was Father John Lamani, who served until his death in 2012. Lamani was also one of the paper's co-founders. The newspaper's editor, , is Ofani Eremae.

</doc>
<doc id="19356247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356247" title="Aage V. Jensen Charity Foundation">
Aage V. Jensen Charity Foundation

The legacy.
The Aage V. Jensen Charity Foundation was founded by a
Danish master carpenter and businessman with a deep interest
in nature and in wild animals and birds. He bequeathed part of
his fortune to the primary objective of nature conservation and
wildlife protection.
Recognising the founder’s nationality and wishes for
special emphasis on projects in Denmark, a new foundation for
Denmark, Aage V. Jensen Naturfond, was established in 2007.
The Foundation.
The Aage V. Jensen Charity Foundation operates all over the
world via ownership as well as support of research and nature
projects. The objective of the Foundation is to contribute to the
preservation of nature in all its diversity. Through the acquisition of conservation areas, and through
the participation in projects.
Nature reserves.
The Foundation owns a number of nature reserves in Scotland,
South Africa and Denmark. These nature reserves are
to be protected or developed for the benefit of plants, wildlife,
birds, fish – and people.
An example is the Maremani Nature Reserve northeast
of Johannesburg in South Africa. This reserve has been
acquired to once again restore the tropical savannah with
the indigenous plants and animals that were being
threatened by human activity. The vision and mission for
the nature reserves envisage the restoration of the natural
habitats, as closely as possible, to their pristine state.
Supported projects.
The Aage V. Jensen Charity Foundation supports a number
of large organisations as well as governments or local
authorities involved in nature projects. The Foundation
seeks co-operation and aims to create synergies, thereby
significantly improving the collective chances of making
significant and lasting changes. Preference is given to
projects that show a strong local engagement, uncover local
knowledge or improve access and the experience of the
surrounding nature. Another preference is given to projects
that provide tools for conservation efforts on a global basis.
One example is the Foundation’s work with local
conservation groups in setting up the Kinangop Grassland
Reserve in Kenya. These local conservation groups are also
part of a BirdLife International project. Another international
project is with World Conservation Union (IUCN) on the
legal framework for nature reserves. Through WWF we help
the dolphin and fish populations in the Mekong River in
Cambodia, Laos and Thailand. We have supported SAVE
Brasil in mapping the important bird areas in the Amazon
Rainforest, and helped WSPA protect the bonobo ape in
Congo.
To ensure optimum access for the scientific community to all
relevant information gathered around the world, the
Foundation sponsored the Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) headquarters in Copenhagen. And to
provide a window to all this knowledge the Foundation
supports a large number of printed publications. Among
these are The Birds of CITES (1993), The Prespa Project
(1999), World Catalogue of Insects (2005), and Kruger
National Park History (2007) plus numerous educational
books on Greenland.

</doc>
<doc id="19356271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356271" title="Odd Chr. Gøthe">
Odd Chr. Gøthe

Odd Christian Gøthe (1919 - 2002) was a Norwegian civil servant and politician for the Labour Party.
He was a cand.oecon. by education, and was head of economics in the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions from 1947 to 1952. He served as state secretary in the Ministry of Finance from 1952 to 1955, in the cabinet Torp, and in the Ministry of Industry from 1955 to 1958 in the third cabinet Gerhardsen. After this, he worked as deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Industry from 1958 to 1975. From 1975 to 1986 he served as state negotiator. He published a number of books.

</doc>
<doc id="19356299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356299" title="Adel Guemari">
Adel Guemari

Adel Guemari (born 16 February, 1984 in Marseille) is a French-Algerian professional footballer who last played for USM Annaba in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19356318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356318" title="MacGregor Golf">
MacGregor Golf

MacGregor Golf is a sports equipment company based in Albany, Georgia which specializes in golf, producing a full range of golf clubs, accessories and clothing. 
Having previously been owned by the Wickes Corporation, and before that, the Brunswick Corporation, Amer Sports acquired a majority 80% stake in MacGregor from Jack Nicklaus in the mid-1980s for a reported $8 million. With MacGregor's fortunes deteriorating, in 1997 Amer sold the company to a British-led consortium. The firm changed hands again the following August with its acquisition by equity investment company The Parkside Group.
In 2003, MacGregor regained control of MacGregor Golf Japan from Suntory, and in 2006, along with Greg Norman co-acquired the Greg Norman Collection brand of sports apparel from Adidas. In May 2009, MacGregor was acquired by Golfsmith International and Norman stepped down as chairman.
Sponsorship Deals.
In addition to its long association with Jack Nicklaus, MacGregor has had endorsement deals with many top professional golfers including José María Olazábal and Lee Janzen and Chad Walkup

</doc>
<doc id="19356339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356339" title="Stein Reegård">
Stein Reegård

Stein Reegård (born 22 March 1951) is a Norwegian economist and politician for the Labour Party. He is the head of economics in the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions since 1993.
He graduated from the University of Oslo in 1978 with the cand.oecon. degree. From 1976 to 1978 he worked as a consultant in the Ministry of Finance; from 1977 to 1980 he also chaired the Norwegian Basketball Association.
He then became involved in politics, chairing the Labour Party local chapter in Bærum from 1980 to 1983. He served as state secretary in the Ministry of Consumer Affairs and Administration from 1986 to 1989, in the second cabinet Brundtland, and in the Ministry of Trade from 1990 to 1991 in the third cabinet Brundtland.
He was then hired in the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions as leader of the political department. He was appointed head of the economic department in 1993.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Akershus during the term 2005–2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19356342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356342" title="Putney Vale Cemetery">
Putney Vale Cemetery

Putney Vale Cemetery and Crematorium in southwest London is located in Putney Vale, surrounded by Putney Heath and Wimbledon Common and Richmond Park. It is located within 47 acres of parkland. The cemetery was opened in 1891 and the crematorium in 1938. The cemetery was originally laid out on land which had belonged to Newlands Farm, which was established in the medieval period.
The cemetery has two chapels, one being a traditional Church of England chapel and the other being used for multi-denomination or non-religious services. It has a large Garden of Remembrance.
There are 87 Commonwealth war grave burials from World War I and 97 from World War II in the cemetery. Six Victoria Cross recipients have been buried or cremated here. The burials are scattered throughout the grounds of the cemetery and a Screen Wall Memorial has been erected to record the names of those whose graves are not marked by headstones. Those who have been cremated at Putney Vale Crematorium also have their names recorded on these panels.
Notable burials and cremations.
Funerals held at Putney Vale include those of:

</doc>
<doc id="19356343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356343" title="Aloha Milkyway">
Aloha Milkyway

Aloha Milkyway is a compilation album from the Filipino pop-rock band Eraserheads in 1998. It was released under Sony BMG Music Philippines Inc. (Formerly BMG Records Pilipinas, Inc.) and contains 14 tracks, five of which were new songs recorded for this album, and the rest were remastered versions of songs from their previously released albums (except the first). The name of this album is a reference to a song from the previous album which repeatedly says it.
An Asian Edition was also released for this album. In Singapore, the initial pressing for the album at 400 copies was soon sold out at the day of launching. In Indonesia, "Julie Tearjerky" was released as a single, where it reached number 1 in the charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19356344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356344" title="Canton of Gonfreville-l'Orcher">
Canton of Gonfreville-l'Orcher

The Canton of Gonfreville-l'Orcher is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of light industry, oil refineries and some farming, in the arrondissement of Le Havre, centred on the town of Gonfreville-l'Orcher. The altitude varies from 0m (Gonfreville-l'Orcher) to 107m (Gainneville) for an average altitude of 79m.
Composition.
The Canton of Gonfreville-l'Orcher comprises 3 communes and a total of 20,825 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19356361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356361" title="Robert Crépeaux">
Robert Crépeaux

Robert Crépeaux (24 October 1900, Grasse, Alpes-Maritimes - 10 February 1994, Paris) was a French chess master.
He won three French Chess Championship at Strasbourg 1924, Nice 1925, and Paris 1941. He also won Paris City Chess Championship in 1942.
He played for France in the 2nd Chess Olympiad at The Hague 1928, 3rd unofficial Chess Olympiad at Munich 1936, and the 9th Chess Olympiad at Dubrovnik 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19356376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356376" title="CEC Palace">
CEC Palace

The CEC Palace () in Bucharest, Romania, built in 1900 and situated on Calea Victoriei opposite the National Museum of Romanian History, is the headquarters of the national savings bank "C.E.C.", nowadays called CEC Bank.
History.
Before the construction of the palace, the location was occupied by the ruins of a monastery ("Saint John the Great") and an adjoining inn. The 16th-century church was renovated by Constantin Brâncoveanu during 1702 - 1703, but later deteriorated and was demolished in 1875.
The palace was built as a new headquarters for Romania's oldest bank, the public savings institution "Casa de Depuneri, Consemnațiuni și Economie", later known as "C.E.C." (Romanian: "Casa de Economii și Consemnațiuni"). The land was bought and the building constructed with the institution's own funds. Work started on June 8, 1897 and was completed in 1900. The project was designed by the architect Paul Guttereau, a graduate of the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris; construction was supervised by the Romanian architect Ion Socolescu.
After 106 years of service, the building was deemed no longer fit for modern banking and was therefore sold for €17.787 million to the municipality of Bucharest to be used as a museum. Although no longer open to CEC clients, the bank continues to rent the building as its headquarters until a suitable replacement is found or built.
In 2009, it was the venue for the 60th birthday celebrations of Princess Margarita of Romania.
Architecture.
Built in eclectic style, the palace is topped by a glass and metal dome. The entrance features an arch supported by two pairs of columns in composite style. The four corners are decorated with gables and coats of arms and ending in Renaissance domes.

</doc>
<doc id="19356456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356456" title="Joseph Watson Sidebotham">
Joseph Watson Sidebotham

Joseph Watson Sidebotham (29 April 1857 - 10 June 1925) was a British colliery owner and Conservative politician.
Life.
He was the eldest son of Joseph Sidebotham and Anne Coward of Bowdon, Cheshire. He was educated privately and at Owens College, before receiving a Bachelor of Music degree from Trinity College, Cambridge. He married Marian Dowling in 1886.
His family company, Messrs J W Sidebotham and Brothers were the owners of a number of coal mines. In January 1889 an explosion at the company's Hyde Colliery caused the death of twenty-three miners.
He was elected as Conservative MP for the Hyde Division of Cheshire at the 1886 general election, and held the seat until 1900, when he announced his retirement for "private and personal" reasons.
Sidebotham's interest in music led him to introduce a bill in the House of Commons to regulate and register music teachers. Although the bill was unsuccessful, he was elected as a convocation member to the Senate of the University of London, and worked to reform the university's system of accreditation of music degrees.

</doc>
<doc id="19356461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356461" title="National Fuel Gas">
National Fuel Gas

incorporated in 1902 and is based in Williamsville, New York.
The Utility segment sells natural gas or provides natural gas transportation services to more than 732,000 customers through a local distribution system located in western New York and northwestern Pennsylvania. The Pipeline and Storage 
segment provides interstate natural gas transportation and storage services for affiliated and 
non-affiliated companies through an integrated system of 2,972 miles of pipeline and 31 underground natural gas storage fields (including 4 storage fields co-owned with nonaffiliated companies). The Exploration and Production segment, headquartered in Houston, Texas, explores for, develops and produces natural gas and oil reserves in California, Kansas and the Appalachia Region. Seneca’s primary focus is now the Marcellus and Utica Shales in Pennsylvania, where the company controls 780,000 net prospective acres. The Energy Marketing segment markets natural gas to 
industrial, commercial, public authority and residential end users located in New York and Pennsylvania.
History.
As one of the earliest gas utility companies in the United States, National Fuel Gas witnessed a number of technological firsts at its company or its subsidiaries. Engineers at the company discovered that depleted underground gas fields could be modified to act as storage reservoirs. Thus, the first such storage facility in the US was implemented at Zoar Field, about forty miles south of Buffalo. This turned out to be a great financial asset to NFG in the 1940s and 1950s, when skyrocketing demand for natural gas led to extensive pipelines in the eastern states being connected to new pipelines and fields in the southwestern states. NFG could thereby purchase huge quantities of cheaper summer gas from the southwest, pipe it to its New York storage fields, inject it into the ground, then retrieve it when demand and prices rose in the winter months. 
The company was also the first in the industry to develop a gas-fired generator to produce electricity for cathodic protection to fight corrosion on pipelines.
In 1975, with the introduction of "Balanced Billing", the company claimed that it was "the only gas utility in the country" with a flexible plan for customers to pay bills in eleven equal monthly payments, with settlement of any overpayment or underpayment in the twelfth month. This is a modified system of installment credit.
Its headquarters was located at 10 Lafayette Square until 2002 when the company relocated to the Buffalo suburb, Williamsville.
Subsidiaries.
National Fuel's direct, wholly owned subsidiaries include Horizon Energy Development, Inc.; Horizon 
LFG, Inc.; Leidy Hub, Inc.; Data-Track Account Services, Inc.; Horizon Power, 
Inc.; Empire Pipeline, Inc. and Seneca Resources, Inc.
Shareholder information.
National Fuel Gas Co. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol NFG. Its fiscal year ends September 30.

</doc>
<doc id="19356495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356495" title="Oliver Broumis">
Oliver Broumis

Oliver Broumis is a German actor. He was born in Hannover, Germany at July 31, 1965, where he grew up.
Biography.
Right after College he went to the Hamburg University of Music and Dramatic arts for a 4 years education in acting. Since then, he also did a lot of training in Los Angeles with M. K. Lewis (Film Tech), Sam Christensen (S. Chr. Process) and Frank Betzelt, Berlin (Meisner technique). He began his professional life with the German/Swiss film "Immer & Ewig" aka "Always & Forever", a modern version of the Jean-Paul Sartre play "Les Jeux sont faits" aka "The Game is over". At the same time he also started in theaters all over Germany with plays of Shakespeare, Goethe and others.
Through the war movies "Stalingrad" and Hasenjagd aka "The Quality of Mercy" he discovered his fondness and ability to play emotional disturbed and volatile characters.
In 2002 his interest in film politics made him one of the co-founders of the "film.lounge.berlin", a meeting and networking spot for the Berlin film industry.
In 2004 he played the German zoologist and wild life activist Bernhard Grzimek who was responsible for the conservation of natural world heritage like the Tanzanian Serengeti National Park.
As a boy of 4 years he grew up with Bernhard Grzimek's monthly TV show and he decided to become this fighting man – 3 decades later that happened.
Also in 2004 he produced the documentary "Zwischen Kopf und Himmel" of a young first time director. It is a movie about the life of women in East Africa.
He is working with a German director on the script of "Rigby". A film about death and the process of dying. 
The story explores the question if you are able to live in the presence of your own mortality and transience, what benefits for your life you will get out of it ?! 
For research he worked a few weeks in a local hospice.
He will also play the main part in the film.
In 2013 he did the "Raindance Berlin Documentary Foundation Course" (Raindance Film Festival) to expand his abilities as a filmmaker because he started working on two Documentaries for the first time.
He is a member of the German Film Academy (Deutsche Filmakademie), European Film Academy and the German Screen Actors Guild (BFFS).

</doc>
<doc id="19356511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356511" title="Guy Off the Hook">
Guy Off the Hook

Guy Off the Hook is a television series which began airing on Food Network in September 2008. The show is hosted by Guy Fieri and closely follows the format of shows such as "Paula's Party" and "Emeril Live". The show is taped in front of a studio audience, which Fieri often engages. The food presented is similar to the California cuisine type dishes Fieri favors on "Guy's Big Bite".

</doc>
<doc id="19356525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356525" title="Millennium Cross">
Millennium Cross

The Millennium Cross (, "Mileniuski krst") is a 66 metre-high cross situated on the top of the Vodno Mountain in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia. It was constructed to serve as a memorial of 2,000 years of Christianity in Macedonia and the world.
Construction.
The construction of the cross began in 2002 and was funded by the Macedonian Orthodox Church, the Macedonian government and donations from Macedonians from all over the world. The cross was built on the highest point of the Vodno mountain on a place known since the time of the Ottoman Empire as "Krstovar", meaning "Place of the cross", as there was a smaller cross situated there. On 8 September 2008, the independence day of the Republic of Macedonia, an elevator was installed inside the cross. In 2009, a restaurant and a souvenir shop were opened next to the cross. In 2011 the Millennium Cross ropeway was opened, and is three and a half kilometres long. At night the cross shines down over the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19356529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356529" title="Infante Edward, 5th Duke of Guimarães">
Infante Edward, 5th Duke of Guimarães

The Infante Edward, 5th Duke of Guimarães (; ) (Almeirim, March 1541 - Évora, 28 November 1576) was a Portuguese "infante" (prince), son of Infante Edward, 4th Duke of Guimarães and his wife, Isabella of Braganza.
Through his father, he was a grandson of King Manuel I of Portugal; through his mother, he was a grandson of James, 4th Duke of Braganza.
He was born posthumously and he inherited his father’s titles and estates: the Dukedom of Guimarães. He was one of the most influential nobles during the reigns of Kings John III and Sebastian.
As member of the State Council he voted, in 1569, for the marriage of King Sebastian to Margaret of Valois (who later became Henry IV's first wife) and, in 1574, he escorted King Sebastian in his first trip to Tangiers, in north Africa.
In 1557, when King John III died, Edward was one of the three legitimate surviving male descendants of King Manuel I of Portugal (together with King Sebastian and Cardinal-Infante Henry).
King Sebastian was jealous of this and several times showed disrespect for Edward's rank. When the King didn’t invite Edward to a royal bull-fight, in Xabregas (Lisbon), Edward was quite upset and, finally, he retired to Évora where, some months later, he died single and without issue.
Edward had two sisters, both married to remarkable Renaissance princes:
Once she was married to a Portuguese, Infanta Catherine of Guimarães inherited her brother estates and rights to the Dukedom of Guimarães. During the 1580 Portuguese succession crisis, Catherine and her husband, John I of Braganza, were important claimants to the Portuguese throne.
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil” – Vol. II, page 651. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19356538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356538" title="Providence, Rhode Island">
Providence, Rhode Island

Providence is the capital and most populous city in Rhode Island. Founded in 1636, it is one of the oldest cities in the United States. It is located in Providence County, and is the third-largest city in the New England region. Providence has a city population of 182,042 and is part of the 37th-largest metropolitan population in the country, with an estimated population of 1,600,856, exceeding that of Rhode Island by about 60%, as it extends into southern Massachusetts. This can be considered in turn to be part of the Greater Boston commuting area, which contains 7.6 million people. The city is situated at the mouth of the Providence River, at the head of Narragansett Bay.
Providence was founded by Roger Williams, a religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony. He named the area in honor of "God's merciful Providence", which he believed was responsible for revealing such a haven for him and his followers to settle. After being one of the first cities in the country to industrialize, Providence became noted for its jewelry and silverware industry. Today, the city of Providence is home to eight hospitals and seven institutions of higher learning, which has shifted the city's economy into service industries, though it still retains significant manufacturing activity.
Once nicknamed the "Beehive of Industry," Providence began rebranding itself as the "Creative Capital" in 2009 to emphasize its educational resources and arts community.
History.
The area that is now Providence was first settled in June 1636 by Roger Williams, and was one of the original Thirteen Colonies of the United States. Although the west bank of the Providence River was later claimed by both the English and the Dutch, the actual inhabitants of the region were the Pokanoket Tribe of the Wampanoag Nation led by Massasoit Ousamequin. Williams secured permission to settle from the Pokanoket and gave the city its present name. Williams' Providence soon became a refuge for persecuted religious dissenters, as he himself had been exiled from Massachusetts. Providence's growth would be slow during the next quarter-century—the subsuming of its territory into surrounding towns, difficulty of farming the land, and differing of local traditions and land conflicts all slowed development.
In the mid-1770s, the British government levied taxes that impeded Providence's maritime, fishing and agricultural industries, the mainstay of the city's economy. One example was the Sugar Act, which was a tax levied against Providence's distilleries that adversely affected its trade in rum and slaves. These taxes caused Providence to join the other colonies in renouncing allegiance to the British Crown. In response to enforcement of unpopular trade laws, Providence residents spilled blood in the leadup to the American Revolution in the notorious Gaspée Affair of 1772.
Though during the American Revolutionary War the city escaped British occupation, the capture of nearby Newport disrupted industry and kept the population on alert. Troops were quartered for various campaigns and Brown University's University Hall was used as a barracks and military hospital.
After departing from Newport, French troops sent by King Louis XVI and commanded by the Comte de Rochambeau passed through Providence on their way to join the attack against British forces. The march from Newport to Providence was the beginning of a campaign led jointly by Rochambeau and General George Washington in a decisive march that ended with the defeat of General Cornwallis in the Siege of Yorktown at Yorktown, Virginia, and the Battle of the Chesapeake.
Following the war, Providence was the country's ninth-largest city with 7,614 people. The economy shifted from maritime endeavors to manufacturing, in particular machinery, tools, silverware, jewelry, and textiles. By the start of the 20th century, Providence boasted some of the largest manufacturing plants in the country, including Brown & Sharpe, Nicholson File, and Gorham Silverware. The city's industries attracted many immigrants from Ireland, Germany, Sweden, England, Italy, Portugal, Cape Verde, and French Canada. Economic and demographic shifts caused social strife, notably with a series of race riots between whites and blacks during the 1820s. In response to these troubles and the economic growth, Providence residents ratified a city charter in 1831 as the population passed 17,000.
During the Civil War, local politics split over slavery as many had ties to Southern cotton. Despite ambivalence concerning the war, the number of military volunteers routinely exceeded quota, and the city's manufacturing proved invaluable to the Union. Postwar, horsecar lines covering the city enabled its growth and Providence thrived with waves of immigrants and land annexations bringing the population from 54,595 in 1865 to 175,597 by 1900. From the 1890s until around 1951, a Chinatown existed around the Burrill Street and Empire Street neighborhoods, which were razed under controversy for a highway extension.
The city's boom began to wane in the mid-1920s as industries, notably textiles, shut down. Jewelry manufacturing continued to grow, taking up the slack and employing many of the city's new immigrants, coming from Portuguese, Italian, Polish, Lithuanian, and Jewish backgrounds. A number of hospitals also opened. The Great Depression hit the city hard, and Providence's downtown was subsequently flooded by the New England Hurricane of 1938. Though the city received a boost from World War II, this ended with the war. The city saw further decline as a result of nation-wide trends, with the construction of highways and increased suburbanization. The population would drop by 38% over the next three decades. From the 1950s to the 1980s, Providence was a notorious bastion of organized crime. The mafia boss Raymond L.S. Patriarca ruled a vast criminal enterprise.
The city's "Renaissance" began in the 1970s. From 1975 until 1982, $606 million of local and national Community Development funds were invested throughout the city, and the hitherto falling population began to stabilize. In the 1990s, Mayor Vincent Cianci, Jr showcased the city's strength in arts and pushed for further revitalization, ultimately resulting in the uncovering of the city's natural rivers (which had been covered by paved bridges), relocation of a large section of railroad underground, creation of Waterplace Park and river walks along the river's banks, and construction of the Fleet Skating Rink (now the Bank of America Skating Rink) downtown and the 1.4 million ft² Providence Place Mall.
New investment triggered within the city, with new construction including numerous condo projects, hotels, and a new office high-rise all filling in the freed space. Despite new investment, poverty remains an entrenched problem as it does in most post-industrial New England cities. Approximately 22 percent of the city population lives below the poverty line. Recent increases in real estate values further exacerbate problems for those at marginal income levels, as Providence had the highest rise in median housing price of any city in the United States from 2004 to 2005.
Geography.
The Providence city limits enclose a small geographic region, with a total area of . of it is land and the remaining (roughly 10%) of it is water.
Providence is located at the head of Narragansett Bay, with the Providence River running into the bay through the center of the city, formed by the confluence of the Moshassuck and Woonasquatucket Rivers. The Waterplace Park amphitheater and riverwalks line the river's banks through downtown.
Providence is one of many cities claimed, like Rome, to be founded on seven hills. The more prominent hills are: Constitution Hill (near downtown), College Hill (east of the Providence River), and Federal Hill (west of downtown and is New England's largest Italian district outside of Massachusetts). The other four are: Tockwotten Hill at Fox Point, Smith Hill (where the State House is located), Christian Hill at Hoyle Square (junction of Cranston & Westminster Streets), and Weybosset Hill at the lower end of Weybosset Street, which was leveled in the early 1880s.
Neighborhoods.
Providence has 25 official neighborhoods, though these neighborhoods are often grouped together and referred to collectively:
Cityscape.
The city of Providence is geographically very compact, characteristic of eastern seaboard cities that developed prior to use of the automobile. It is among the most densely populated cities in the country. For this reason, Providence has the eighth-highest percentage of pedestrian commuters. The street layout is irregular—over one thousand streets (a great number for the city's size) run haphazardly, connecting and radiating from traditionally bustling places like Market Square.
Downtown Providence has numerous 19th-century mercantile buildings in the Federal and Victorian architectural styles, as well as several post-modern and modernist buildings, located throughout the area. In particular, a fairly clear spatial separation appears between the areas of pre-1980s development and post-1980s development. West Exchange Street and Exchange Terrace serve as rough boundaries between the two.
The newer area, sometimes called "Capitol Center", includes Providence Place Mall (1999), a Westin hotel (1993) and The Residences at the Westin (2007), GTECH (2006), Waterplace condominiums (2007), and Waterplace Park (1994); the area tends toward newer development, since much of it is land reclaimed in the 1970s from a mass of railroad tracks referred to colloquially as the "Chinese Wall". This part of Downtown is characterized by open spaces, wide roads, and intent landscaping.
The historic part of downtown has many streetscapes that look as they did eighty years ago. Many of the state's tallest buildings are found here. The largest structure, to date, is the art-deco-styled former Industrial Trust Tower, currently the Bank of America Building at 426 feet (130 m). By contrast, nearby to it is the second tallest One Financial Plaza, designed in modern taut-skin cladding, constructed a half-century later. In between the two is 50 Kennedy Plaza. The Textron Tower is also a core building to the modest Providence skyline. Downtown is also the home of the Providence Biltmore and Westminster Arcade, the oldest enclosed shopping mall in the U.S., built in 1828.
The city's southern waterfront, away from the downtown core, is the location of many oil tanks, a docking station for a ferry boat, a non-profit sailing center, bars, strip clubs, and power plants. The Russian Submarine Museum was located here until 2008, after the submarine sank in a storm and was declared a loss. The Fox Point Hurricane Barrier is also found here, built to protect Providence from storm surge, like that which it had endured in the 1938 New England Hurricane and again in 1954 from Hurricane Carol.
The majority of the cityscape comprises abandoned and revitalized industrial mills, double- and triple-decker housing (though row houses, found so commonly in other Northeast cities, are rare here), a small number of high-rise buildings (predominantly for housing the elderly), and single family homes. I-95 serves as a physical barrier between the city's commercial core and neighborhoods such as Federal Hill, and the West End.
Climate.
Providence has a humid continental climate, (Köppen: Dfa) with warm summers, cold winters, and high humidity year-round. The USDA rates the city at Zone 6a, which is an "in-between" climate. The influence of the Atlantic Ocean keeps Providence, and the rest of the state of Rhode Island, warmer than many inland locales in New England. January is the coldest month with a daily mean of , while July is the warmest month with a daily mean of , with highs rising to on 11 days per summer. Extremes range from on February 9, 1934 to on August 2, 1975.
As with the rest of the northeastern seaboard, Providence receives ample precipitation year-round. Monthly precipitation ranges from a high of in March to a low of in July. In general, precipitation levels are slightly lesser in the summer months than the winter months, when powerful storms known as Nor'easters can cause significant snowfall and blizzard conditions. Although hurricanes are not frequent in coastal New England, Providence's location at the head of Narragansett Bay makes it vulnerable to them.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, the population comprised 173,618 people, 162,389 households, and 35,859 families. The population density was 9,401.7 inhabitants per square mile (3,629.4/km²), characteristic of comparatively older cities in New England such as New Haven, Connecticut; Springfield, Massachusetts, and Hartford, Connecticut. Also like these cities, its population peaked in the 1940s just prior to the nationwide period of rapid suburbanization.
Providence has a racially and ethnically diverse population. In 2010, White Americans formed 49.8% of the population, including a sizable White Hispanic community. Non-Hispanic whites, historically predominant in the city, were 37.6% of the total population, down from 89.5% in 1970. Providence has had a substantial Italian population since the start of the 20th century, with 14% (a plurality) of the population claiming Italian ancestry. Italian influence manifests itself in Providence's Little Italy in Federal Hill. Irish immigrants have also had considerable influence on the city's history, with 8% of residents claiming Irish heritage. The city also has a small Jewish community, estimated at 7,500 in 2002 or roughly 4% of the city's population.
In 2010, people of Hispanic or Latino origin comprised 38.1% of the city's population and currently form a majority of city public school students. of Providence's population. The largest Hispanic groups are those having origins in Puerto Rico, Colombia, Bolivia, the Dominican Republic, and Guatemala. Hispanics are most concentrated in the neighborhoods of Elmwood, the West End, Upper, and Lower South Providence. The city elected its first Hispanic mayor in 2010, Dominican-American Angel Taveras. 
African Americans constitute 16% of the city's population, with their greatest concentrations found in Mount Hope and Upper and Lower South Providence neighborhoods. Asians are 6% of Providence's population and have enclaves scattered throughout the city. The largest Asian groups are Cambodians (1.7%), Chinese (1.1%), Asian Indians (0.7%), Laotians (0.6%), and Koreans (0.6%). Another 6% of the city has multiracial ancestry. Native Americans and Pacific Islanders make up the remaining 1.3%. With Liberians comprising 0.4% of the population, the city is home to one of the largest Liberian immigrant populations in the country.
Providence, like some nearby Massachusetts communities, has a considerable community of immigrants from various Portuguese-speaking countries (especially Portugal, Brazil, and Cape Verde), living mostly in the areas of Washington Park and Fox Point. Portuguese is the city's third-largest European ethnicity, (after Italian and Irish) at 4% of the population; Cape Verdeans comprise 2%.
The Providence metropolitan area, which includes Providence, Fall River, Massachusetts, and Warwick is estimated to have a population of 1,622,520. In 2006, this area was officially added to the Boston Combined Statistical Area (CSA), the fifth-largest CSA in the country. In the last fifteen years, Providence has experienced a sizable growth in its under-18 population, attributed to the influx of Hispanics. The median age of the city is 28 years, while the largest age cohort is 20 to 24 year olds, owing to the city's large student population.
The per capita income, as of the 2000 census, was $15,525, which is well below both the state average of $29,113, and the national average of $21,587. The median income for a household was $26,867, and the median income for a family in Providence was $32,058, according to the 2000 census. The city has one of the highest rates of poverty in the nation with 29.1% of the population and 23.9% of families living below the poverty line in 2000, the largest concentrations being found in the city's Olneyville, and Upper and Lower South Providence areas. Poverty has affected children at a disproportionately higher rate, with 40.1% of those under the age of 18 living below the poverty line, concentrated in particular west of downtown in the neighborhoods of Hartford, Federal Hill, and Olneyville.
Crime.
Compared to the national average, Providence has an average rate of violent crime and higher rate of property crime per 100,000 inhabitants. In 2010, there were 15 murders, down from 2009's 24. In 2010, Providence fared better regarding violent crime than most of its peer cities: Springfield, Massachusetts, a city with approximately 20,000 fewer residents than Providence, reported 15 murders in 2009 (i.e., the same number of homicides as Providence, but a slightly higher rate per capita); New Haven, Connecticut and Hartford, Connecticut, cities with approximately 50,000 fewer people than Providence, reported, respectively, 24 and 26 murders in 2010, significantly higher murder rates per capita than Providence. The police chief asserted that Providence's violence was not stranger-to-stranger, but relationship driven. The pattern of violent crime was highly specific by neighborhood with vast majority of the murders taking place in the poorer sections of Providence, such as Olneyville, Elmwood, South Providence and the West End.
Economy.
Providence was one of the first cities to industrialize in the United States. By 1830, the city had manufacturing industries in metals, machinery, textiles, jewelry, and silverware. Though manufacturing has declined, the city is still one of the largest centers for jewelry and silverware design and manufacturing. Services, in particular education, healthcare, and finance, also make up a large portion of the city's economy. Providence also is the site of a sectional center facility, a regional hub for the U.S. Postal Service. Since it is the capital of Rhode Island, Providence's economy additionally consists of government services.
The city is home to the Rhode Island Convention Center, which opened in December 1993. Along with a hotel, the convention center is connected to the Providence Place Mall, a major retail center, through a skywalk. The Port of Providence, the second-largest deepwater seaport in New England, handles cargo such as cement, chemicals, heavy machinery, petroleum, and scrap metal.
Top employers.
According to the City's 2009 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, the top ten employers in the city are:
Government.
Providence serves as Rhode Island's capital, housing the Rhode Island General Assembly as well as the offices of the Governor and the Lieutenant Governor in the Rhode Island State House.
Providence's city government has a mayor-council form of government. The Providence City Council consists of fifteen city councilors, one for each of the city's wards. The council is tasked with enacting ordinances and passing an annual budget. Providence also has probate and superior courts. The U.S. District Court for the District of Rhode Island is located downtown across from City Hall adjacent to Kennedy Plaza.
David N. Cicilline finished his term as mayor in 2010, 8 years after taking office as the first openly gay mayor of an American state capital. (notably, the second was elected 8 years later in neighboring Hartford, Connecticut.) Providence was the largest American city to have an openly gay mayor, until Sam Adams took office in Portland, Oregon on January 1, 2009.
The city's first Latino mayor was elected in 2010, Angel Taveras, who assumed office January 3, 2011.
Education.
Postsecondary.
In addition, the Community College of Rhode Island (Downcity and Liston campuses), Roger Williams University (Providence campus) and University of Rhode Island (Providence campus) have satellite campuses in the city.
Between these schools the number of postsecondary students is approximately 44,000. Compounded by Brown University's being the second-largest employer, higher education exerts a considerable presence in the city's politics and economy.
Private and charter schools.
Several private schools, including Moses Brown, the Lincoln School, and the Wheeler School, are in the city's East Side. La Salle Academy is located in the Elmhurst area of the city near Providence College. The public charter schools Time Squared Academy (K-12) and Textron Chamber of Commerce (9–12) are funded by GTECH and Textron respectively. In addition, the city's South Side houses Community Preparatory School, a private school serving primarily low-income students in grades 3–8.
Within the semi-private schools, The Metropolitan Regional Career and Technical Center (The Met) and The Big Picture Company schools serve students through real world experiences and project-based learning. There are two separate centers for students with special needs.
Public schools.
The Providence Public School District serves about 30,000 students from pre-Kindergarten to grade 12. The district has 25 elementary schools, nine middle schools, and thirteen high schools. The Providence Public School District features magnet schools at the middle and high school level, Nathanael Greene and Classical respectively. The overall graduation rate as of 2007 is 70.1%, which is close to the statewide rate of 71% and the national average of 70%.
Culture.
Much of Providence culture is synonymous with Rhode Island culture. Like the state, the city has a non-rhotic accent that can be heard on local media. Providence also shares Rhode Island's affinity for coffee, as the former has the most coffee/doughnut shops per capita of any city in the country. Providence, like many other towns, is also reputed to have the highest number of restaurants per capita, many of which founded and/or staffed by its own Johnson & Wales University graduates.
Providence has several ethnic neighborhoods, notably Federal Hill and the North End (Italian), Fox Point (Portuguese), West End (mainly Central American and Asians), and Smith Hill (Irish with miscellaneous enclaves of other groups). There are also many dedicated community organizations and arts associations located in the city.
The city gained the reputation as one of the most active and growing gay communities in the Northeast; the rate of reported gay and lesbian relationships is 75% higher than the national average and Providence has been named among the "Best Lesbian Places to Live". The former mayor, David Cicilline, won his election running as an openly gay man, making him the first openly gay mayor of a U.S. state capital. Former Mayor Cianci instituted the position of Mayor's Liaison to the Gay and Lesbian community in the 1990s. Providence is home to the largest gay bathhouse in New England.
During the summer months, the city regularly hosts WaterFire, an environmental art installation that consists of about 100 bonfires that blaze just above the surface of the three rivers that pass through the middle of downtown Providence. There are multiple Waterfire events that are accompanied by various pieces of classical and world music. The public art displays, most notably sculptures, change on a regular basis.
The city is also the home of the Tony Award-winning theater group Trinity Repertory Company, the Providence Black Repertory Company, and the Rhode Island Philharmonic Orchestra, as well as groups like The American Band, once associated with noted American composer D. W. Reeves. Providence is also the home of several performing arts centers such as the Veterans Memorial Auditorium, the Providence Performing Arts Center, and the Providence Festival Ballet. The city's underground music scene, centered around artist-run spaces such as the now-defunct Fort Thunder, is known in underground music circles.
Sites of interest.
Providence is home to an park system, notably Waterplace Park and Riverwalk, Roger Williams Park, Roger Williams National Memorial, and Prospect Terrace Park, the latter featuring expansive views of the downtown area. As one of the first cities in the country, Providence contains many historic buildings while the East Side neighborhood in particular includes the largest contiguous area of buildings listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the U.S. with many pre-revolutionary houses. The East Side is also home to the First Baptist Church in America, the oldest Baptist church in the Americas, founded by Roger Williams in 1638, as well as the Old State House, which served as the state's capitol from 1762 to 1904. Nearby is Roger Williams National Memorial. Downcity Providence is home to the fourth-largest unsupported dome in the world (the second-largest marble dome after St. Peter's Basilica in Rome), as well as the Westminster Arcade, which is the oldest enclosed shopping center in the U.S.
The main art museum is the Rhode Island School of Design Museum, which has the 20th-largest collection in the country. In addition to the Providence Public Library and the nine branches of the Providence Community Library, the city is home to the Providence Athenæum, the fourth oldest library in the country. Here, on one of his many visits to Providence, Edgar Allan Poe, met and courted a love interest named Sarah Helen Whitman. Poe was a regular fixture there, as was H. P. Lovecraft (who was born in Providence); both of them influential writers of gothic literature.
The Bank of America Skating Center, formerly the Fleet Skating Center, is located near Kennedy Plaza in the downtown district, connected by pedestrian tunnel to Waterplace Park, a cobblestone and concrete park below street traffic that abuts Providence's three rivers.
The southern part of the city is home to the famous roadside attraction Nibbles Woodaway (also known as the "Big Blue Bug"), the world's largest termite, as well as the aforementioned Roger Williams Park, which contains a zoo, a botanical center, and the Museum of Natural History and Planetarium.
Sports.
The city is home to the American Hockey League team Providence Bruins, which plays at the Dunkin' Donuts Center (formerly the Providence Civic Center). From 1926 to 1972, the AHL's Providence Reds (renamed the Rhode Island Reds in their last years) played at the Rhode Island Auditorium. In 1972, the team relocated to the Providence Civic Center, where they played until moving to Binghamton, New York, in 1977.
The city has two rugby teams, the Rugby Union team Providence Rugby Football Club, and the Semi-Professional Rugby League team The Rhode Island Rebellion, which play at Classical High School. In 2013 the Rebellion finished the USA Rugby League (USARL) regular season in third place. Their playoff run took them to the USARL Semi-Finals, the first time the Rebellion made the playoffs in its short three year history.
The NFL's New England Patriots and MLS's New England Revolution play in Foxborough, Massachusetts, which is situated halfway between Providence and Boston. Providence was formerly home to two major league franchises: the NFL's Providence Steam Roller in the 1920s and 1930s, and the NBA's Providence Steamrollers in the 1940s. The city is also where Rocky Marciano won 29 of his 49 fights.
The city's defunct baseball team, the Providence Grays, competed in the National League from 1879 through 1885. The team defeated the New York Metropolitans in baseball's first successful "world championship series" in 1884. In 1914, after the Boston Red Sox purchased Babe Ruth from the then-minor league Baltimore Orioles, the team prepared Ruth for the major leagues by sending him to finish the season playing for a minor league team in Providence that was also known as the Grays. Today, professional baseball is offered by the Pawtucket Red Sox, the AAA affiliate of the Boston Red Sox, which plays in nearby Pawtucket. Most baseball fans—along with the local media—tend to follow the Boston Red Sox.
Major colleges and universities fielding NCAA Division I athletic teams are Brown University and Providence College. The latter is a member of the Big East Conference. Much local hype is associated with games between these two schools or the University of Rhode Island. Providence has also hosted the alternative sports event Gravity Games from 1999 to 2001, and was also the first host of ESPN's X Games, known in its first edition as the Extreme Games, in 1995. Providence has its own roller derby league. Formed in 2004, it currently has four teams: the Providence Mob Squad, the Sakonnet River Roller Rats, the Old Money Honeys, and the Rhode Island Riveters. Providence is also home to the headquarters of the American Athletic Conference (The American).
Infrastructure.
Health and medicine.
Providence is home to eight hospitals, most prominently Rhode Island Hospital, the largest general acute care hospital in the state. It is also the Level I Trauma Center for Rhode Island, Southeastern Massachusetts and parts of Connecticut. The hospital is in a complex along I-95 that includes Hasbro Children's Hospital and Women and Infants Hospital. The city is also home to the Roger Williams Medical Center, St. Joseph Hospital For Specialty Care (a division of St. Joseph Health Services Of Rhode Island), The Miriam Hospital, a major teaching affiliate associated with the Alpert Medical School of Brown University, as well as a VA medical center.
The Rhode Island Blood Center has its main headquarters in Providence. Since 1979, the Rhode Island Blood Center has been the sole organization in charge of blood collection and testing and distribution of blood products to 11 hospitals in Rhode Island.
Transportation.
Providence is served by air primarily by the commercial airfield T. F. Green Airport in nearby Warwick. General aviation fields also serve the region. Because of overcrowding and Big Dig complications in Boston, Massport has been promoting T.F. Green as an alternative to Boston's Logan International Airport.
Providence Station, located between the Rhode Island State House and the downtown district, is served by Amtrak and MBTA Commuter Rail services, with a commuter rail route running north to Boston and south to a recently opened station at T.F. Green Airport and Wickford Junction. Approximately 2400 passengers daily pass through the station.
I-95 runs from north to south through Providence while I-195 connects the city to eastern Rhode Island and southeastern Massachusetts, including New Bedford, Massachusetts, and Cape Cod. I-295 encircles Providence while RI 146 provides a direct connection with Worcester, Massachusetts. The city has commissioned and begun a long-term project, the Iway, to move I-195 not only for safety reasons, but also to free up land and to reunify the Jewelry District with Downcity Providence, which had been split from one another by the highway. The project is estimated to cost $446 million and be completed in 2012.
Kennedy Plaza, in downtown Providence, serves as a transportation hub for local public transit as well as a departure point for Peter Pan and Greyhound bus lines. Public transit is managed by Rhode Island Public Transit Authority (RIPTA). Through RIPTA alone Kennedy Plaza serves over 71,000 people a day. The majority of the area covered by RIPTA is served by traditional buses. Of particular note is the East Side Trolley Tunnel running under College Hill, the use of which is reserved for RIPTA buses. RIPTA also operates the "Providence LINK", a system of tourist trolleys in downtown Providence. From 2000 to 2008, RIPTA operated a seasonal ferry to Newport between May and October. RIPTA will begin rapid bus service, called the R Line, in January 2014.
Utilities.
Electricity and natural gas are provided by National Grid. Providence Water is responsible for the distribution of drinking water, ninety percent of which comes from the Scituate Reservoir about ten miles (16 km) west of downtown, with contributions coming from four smaller bodies of water. Drinking water in Providence has been rated among the highest quality in the country.
Sister cities.
Providence has five sister cities designated by Sister Cities International:

</doc>
<doc id="19356571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356571" title="Mark Pendergrast">
Mark Pendergrast

Mark Pendergrast (born 1948) is an American independent scholar and author of five books.
Biography.
Pendergrast was born in 1948 to Nan and Britt Pendergrast, the fourth of seven children. He was raised in Atlanta, Georgia. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in English Literature from Harvard College, after which he taught for several years in public schools. Pendergrast later attended Simmons College in Boston, where he obtained a Master of Arts degree in Library Science. He worked as an academic librarian and freelance writer until becoming a full-time writer in 1991. Pendergrast lives in Essex Junction, Vermont.
Career.
Pendergrast has published five books on various topics. Two are histories of caffeinated beverages (Coca-Cola and coffee). His latest (2010) non-fiction book is a history of the Epidemic Intelligence Service.
Pendergrast has also reviewed books for "The Philadelphia Inquirer" and "Atlanta Journal-Constitution". He has contributed articles to the "Wall Street Journal", the "New York Times", the "Financial Analyst", "The Sun", "Vermont Life Magazine", "Sea History", "Library Journal", and "Professional Psychology".
Pendergrast co-edited "The Aftermath: A Survivor's Odyssey Through War-Torn Europe", a Holocaust memoir by Henry Lilienheim. He has spoken at scientific and journalism seminars and on college campuses. He writes a regular column about coffee for the "Wine Spectator".
Pendergrast is a member of the National Association of Science Writers, the Society of Environmental Journalists, and the League of Vermont Writers. He is a member of the governing board of the National Center for Reason and Justice, a nonprofit organization which works with innocent people falsely accused or convicted of child abuse (related to the subject of his book "Victims of Memory"). That book's introduction states that Pendergrast is a member of the False Memory Syndrome Foundation, which provides information for "distraught accused parents, mental health professionals, and all those caught up in the repressed-memory phenomenon."
Public reception of published work.
Pendergrast's non-fiction books have received generally positive reviews in the press.

</doc>
<doc id="19356572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356572" title="The Tender Trap (club)">
The Tender Trap (club)

The Tender Trap was a cabaret nightclub that ran in Sydney, Australia from December 1994 to January 2000. It was one of the most successful Sydney clubs of the 1990s. The Tender Trap club pre-dated the mid 90s lounge culture phenomenon, but as the phenomenon grew, so too did the popularity of the club.
Background.
The Tender Trap operated on Sunday nights, in the theatre-restaurant room of the legendary Les Girls building in Sydney's infamous Kings Cross, New South Wales. The Les Girls Building stood prominently on the corner of Darlinghurst Road and Roslyn Street, in the heart of the Cross, an area popularly known as "the Golden Mile". The original Les Girls review, featuring gorgeous "drag queens" including the leading lady Carlotta, had performed in the building since 1963, but in the early 1990s the review decided to go on the road inspired by the film Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, leaving the building unused. The Les Girls building carried some intense history; it was owned by Sydney identity Abe Saffron; Kings Cross activist Juanita Nielsen was last seen here; various ghosts were rumoured to call it home. But in 1994 the building was still remarkably intact, a piece of living history. Seeing an opportunity, Sydney filmmaker and DJ Sean O'Brien approached the management, and procured the use of the cabaret room for Sunday nights. Sean named the Sunday night cabaret club after the Frank Sinatra song, and the Tender Trap first opened its doors on December 11th 1994, at the cocktail hour of 7pm. The performer on the opening night was singer Stuart Grant with his jazz combo. Stuart had previously been in the infamous 1980s post punk band the Primitive Calculators. 
The Tender Trap arrived in a vibrant period for eclectic contemporary clubs in Sydney, including Spicy Friday, Jamie and Vanessa's, The Sunset Club, Madd Club, Club Kooky, and the bohemian Rat Parties. But from the beginning, The Tender Trap was aiming to recapture the vibe of swinging sixties Sydney in the perfect venue, "a celebration of cocktail culture at its most sophisticated and savage". The Tender Trap referenced legendary Sydney clubs of an earlier era such as Chequers, The Latin Quarter, the Silver Spade Room, and Tabou. The essential mix was live cabaret entertainment, together with DJs playing their cherished vinyl LP collections featuring lounge music, jazz, Latin, funk, soul, and the incredibly strange. The original fixtures of the room were embraced and enhanced, including red cloth-covered tables, candles, chandeliers, velvet flock wallpaper, and the central focus - the cabaret stage. The effect was remarkably like stepping back in time. Every Sunday the running order was fixed - from 7pm cocktails, laid back music, and sophisticated discussion; then the live act at 10.30 pm; and then the wild dancing commenced.
Creative Team & Acts.
During the first several months of operation and experimentation, Sean O'Brien gathered together the core Tender Trap team that would carry the club to the heights of success. The team were all from creative backgrounds, but new to the nightclub world. Filmmaker Sean O'Brien was the manager and creative director. Fellow filmmaker Dr. Robert Herbert was the art director and "late night" DJ; renowned film editor Nick Meyers was the lighting designer, and in later years architect Rory Toomey the lighting operator; filmmakers Catherine Lowing and Sophie Jackson (aka "Schatzi") were the glamorous door girls; and other regular DJs included musician Andy Travers, jetsetter "King" Dom Harding, "special international guest" Mark Wells, and legendary Sydney DJ Trevor "el chino" Parkee. Some of the most popular acts that performed at the club were drawn from Sydney's diverse ethnic community, and included Chinese plate spinner Miss Jerry Liu, Yao Zu Fu - the Monkey Man!, the Pearls of Polynesia, Voodoo Queen Desiree, and an array of exotic belly dancers such as the mysterious Zena. Bands included the Andy 500, Les Gastronomes, and The Kaempfert Zone. Other performers, such as Kay Armstrong and Paul Cordeiro, have gone on to become successful choreographers in the Australian contemporary dance scene. All were kept safe by handsome doorman, Murray.
Patrons & Celebrities.
Apart from the acts, the stars of the club were the patrons. Tender Trap patrons were generally regarded by the press of the day to be a cut above - articles often refer to their eccentric, period fashion sense and funky moves. The most loyal patrons were a group known as "the Kids" - the Captain, Tito, 'Tache, Glen, Peta, Ineke, Jodie, & Megan. Other colourful patrons included "Lantern", the "Dancing Partner", Mr. Tambourine Man, Quiet Dave, Disco Phil, and Bongo John. A teenage Hana Shimada, now a co-director of her own successful GoodGod Small Club in downtown Sydney, was a regular sight on the dance-floor. All club regulars were issued the prized "Swingers" membership cards. However, the door policy was deliberately inclusive - all types were welcome, young and old, straight and gay, the sophisticated, the sexy, and the downright spooky. Celebrities had to pay to get in - they included Leonardo DiCaprio, Princess Stephanie of Monaco, Russell Crow, Geoffrey Rush, numerous touring rockers such as Urge Overkill and Donovan Leitch. Only one celebrity was ever admitted free as a special guest - Lamonte McLemore, one of the founding members of the American popular music vocal group the 5th Dimension. Lamonte received star treatment, and was feted by young ladies at his own table. Lamonte smiled enigmatically as a room full of people danced wildly to the 5th Dimension hits, Up, Up and Away, and Puppet Man, 30 years after those records had first hit the charts. At its peak, and on long weekend holidays, the Tender Trap could be packed with 1200 patrons, the queue stretching down Darlinghurst Road, all in a building licensed to entertain 300. The crush added to the sense of wild occasion, but for those wanting a more laid-back experience, mid-winter Tender Trap was the place to be.
In Film & Literature.
In January 2000 the Tender Trap had its final night, as the historic Les Girls building was shut down for major renovations, to become another characterless Sydney hotel. The Tender Trap lives on in the film that was shot on location at the club, The Sapphire Room, and is name-checked in Nikki Gemmell's book Shiver.

</doc>
<doc id="19356575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356575" title="James Grey West">
James Grey West

Sir James Grey West OBE (1881–15 June 1951) was a British architect. Born and trained in Cardiff, Wales, West joined the government Office of Works in 1904, eventually succeeding Sir Richard Allison as chief architect in 1934. 
West worked on Bromyard House, the former Ministry of Pensions building in Acton, London (1914-1922), said to be the largest single building in Britain at the time. He designed the hall of Royal Air Force College at Cranwell, Lincolnshire (1929-1933) in the seventeenth-century style of Sir Christopher Wren. West also worked on the Duveen Wing of the National Portrait Gallery (1933), with Allison, and also provided designs for the Royal Courts of Justice, Belfast (1933). As chief architect, he oversaw the building of Thomas Tait's St. Andrew's House in Edinburgh (1935–39). He was knighted in 1936. During the Second World War, West was appointed Director of Post-War Planning, as well as being chief architect of the reorganised Ministry of Works, until his retirement in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19356578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356578" title="Abbas Dabbaghi">
Abbas Dabbaghi

Abbas Dabbaghi (, born on March 9, 1987 in Sari) is a male freestyle wrestler from Iran.He participated in Men's freestyle 55 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In 1/8 of final he beat Fredy Serrano from Colombia, but lost in quarterfinal with Russian Besik Kudukhov.
Dabbaghi won a bronze medal at the "Asian Championship" in Bishkek in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19356604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356604" title="Vernon Kay">
Vernon Kay

Vernon Charles Kay (born 28 April 1974) is an English television presenter, radio DJ and former model best known for his television roles with ITV, presenting shows such as "All Star Family Fortunes", "Beat the Star" and "Splash!". He also presented his own BBC Radio 1 show between 2004 and 2012. He also hosted a game show called, "Million Dollar Mind Game".
Kay's other television presenting roles have included "The Whole 19 Yards" which was broadcast on ITV in 2010, "Home For the Holidays", a Christmas entertainment show for Channel 4 that was broadcast in 2011 and an ITV-mini series called "Let's Get Gold" which he presented in 2012. 
In 2010, Kay was named the co-host of "Skating with the Stars", which was broadcast in the United States; the show lasted for six episodes.
In 2013, he began presenting "Splash!", alongside Gabby Logan for ITV and "The American Football Show" for Channel 4. 
Kay is married to television presenter Tess Daly who is best known for co-presenting "Strictly Come Dancing". The couple married in 2003.
Early life.
Kay was born and brought up in Horwich, the elder son of Norman and Gladys; he has a younger brother, Stephen. He attended St Joseph's R.C. High School in Horwich, near Bolton. He then graduated in environmental science at Manchester Metropolitan University. He supports his hometown's football club Bolton Wanderers. He used to be a regular visitor to Manchester nightclub the Haçienda.
Career.
ITV.
Since 2006, Vernon has presented the ITV primetime game show "All Star Family Fortunes". 
Between 20 April 2008 and 31 May 2009, Kay presented "Beat the Star", a Sunday night show for ITV. The show lasted for two series. For two episodes (one in each series), Kay was a contestant rather than the presenter, and Phillip Schofield stood in for him on these occasions. 
On 17 April 2010, Kay began co-presenting an exciting new game show for ITV called "The Whole 19 Yards" alongside Caroline Flack. The series lasted for eight episodes and was filmed at Pinewood Studios. The series averaged 4.1 million viewers but has not returned to ITV since.
Kay was originally planned to present the ITV game show "Sing If You Can" in 2011 but, after a pilot episode he felt that it would be better hosted by a comedian. He was later replaced by Keith Lemon. 
In the summer of 2012, Kay presented ITV entertainment mini-series "Let's Get Gold" consisting of three episodes, however the show received poor viewing figures and is believed to have since been axed.
Kay currently presents the ITV diving-show "Splash!" alongside Gabby Logan and Tom Daley. The show began in January 2013 and was renewed for a second series which began airing in January 2014.
Channel 4.
In 2011, Kay presented the Christmas Channel 4 show "Home For the Holidays".
After Channel 4 regained the NFL rights from the BBC in 2013, Kay was announced as a presenter of the "The American Football Show", airing on Saturday mornings.
Radio.
In January 2004, Kay joined BBC Radio 1 and presented an entertainment show every Sunday. In April 2004, he was given the 10 am – 1 pm weekend slot, which was previously hosted by Colin Murray and Edith Bowman and previously broadcast on both Saturdays and Sundays on the popular radio network. From October 2007 Dick and Dom took over Sunday mornings; Kay's show then ran between 10 am – 1 pm on Saturday. In 2008 he was one of a team of DJ's who filled in for Edith Bowman while she was on maternity leave along with Fearne Cotton and Nihal.
On 11 February 2009 it was announced that Kay would fill in for Chris Moyles while he climbed Mount Kilimanjaro for Comic Relief, an act he repeated on 13 July 2009 when Moyles took a day off. He also filled-in for Pete Tong's "Essential Selection" on Radio 1 on 10 April 2008. That same year, Kay filled again in for Chris Moyles from 10 August until 15 August when he had two weeks holiday. The first week was covered by the regular cover presenter Scott Mills. From 30 November 2009 Kay, again, covered for Chris Moyles on breakfast for a whole week as Moyles, Aled Haydn Jones and Fearne Cotton were away in Uganda handing out malaria nets and seeing how the money raised from the Mount Kilimanjaro climb for Comic Relief was being spent.
On 9 November 2012, it was announced that Kay would leave BBC Radio 1 to spend more time with his family. He presented his final show in December and was replaced by Matt Edmondson.
Personal life.
Kay married Tess Daly on 12 September 2003, at St Mary's Roman Catholic Church in Horwich, in Bolton. They have two daughters the first born on 17 October 2004 in Westminster, London; the second born on 30 May 2009.
Kay received an honorary doctorate from the University of Bolton on 9 July 2009, for services to entertainment.
Kay is a passionate supporter of Bolton Wanderers F.C.. He is also a fan of American football, joining the Manchester Allstars at the age of 13 and reuniting the team in 2011 for a one-off match against the Birmingham Lions In 2011, he signed for the London Warriors, for whom he plays in the BAFANL Premier South division as a defensive back.

</doc>
<doc id="19356611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356611" title="Morgan Studios">
Morgan Studios

Morgan Studios, also known as Morgan Sound Studios, were recording studios in Willesden, North West London. The studios were notable for many recordings of the 1960s and 1970s by some of the most important British bands and artists such as Ten Years After, Arrows, Yes, The Kinks, Donovan, Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, Greenslade, Joan Armatrading, Cat Stevens, Paul McCartney, Jethro Tull, Rod Stewart, Black Sabbath, UFO and The Cure. The studio was also notable for having the first 24-track tape machine in England made by Ampex. Paul Simon used the facility to record a song of his 1973 album "There Goes Rhymin' Simon".
Barry Morgan was the original owner, who expanded the facility to comprise 4 different recording studios. Morgan Studios was sold on in the 1980s, firstly in 1980 studios 3 and 4 to Zomba who rechristened them Battery Studios; then in 1984 studios 1 and 2 were sold to Robin Millar and renamed Power Plant Studios. The studio had both a Steinway piano and a Hammond organ.

</doc>
<doc id="19356620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356620" title="Hans Witt">
Hans Witt

Hans-Ludwig Witt (25 December 1909 in Bautzen—13 February 1980 in Hamburg-Poppenbüttel) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. With nineteen ships sunk for a total of , he was the thirty-second highest scoring U-Boat ace of World War II.
Career.
Witt joined the "Reichsmarine" in 1929, and in October 1940 entered U-boat training, taking command of as part of training flotilla 4th U-boat Flotilla in July 1941. He then took command of as a member of 2nd U-boat Flotilla in May 1942. Witt sailed on three successful combat patrols in the western Atlantic and the Caribbean between May 1942 and July 1943, sinking 19 ships for a total of , including Mexican tankers "Tuxpam" and "Las Choapas".
Witt spent a year on the BdU staff, before returning to active duty in January 1945 commanding , one of the new Type XXI "Elektroboote" that were commissioned under U-boat commanders such as Adalbert Schnee, Peter-Erich Cremer, Carl Emmermann and Erich Topp to try and turn the tide in the Atlantic. However, Witt sailed on no combat patrols and sank no ships in his new U-boat. He died in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19356622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356622" title="DR Class 99.23-24">
DR Class 99.23-24

The engines of DR Class 99.23 are metre gauge steam locomotives, that were procured by the Deutsche Reichsbahn (DR) in East Germany from 1954 to 1956. When they entered service they had operating numbers 99 231–99 247. Today they are numbered 99 7231–99 7247.
History.
Between 1954 and 1956 a total of 17 locomotives were bought by the DR for the railways of the Harzquerbahn and Brockenbahn and for the line from Eisfeld to Schönbrunn. They replaced much of the very old fleet. The first seven units (99 231 to 99 237) were originally equipped with two Krauss-Helmholtz bogies. Due to problems with curve running the engines in the second series were given Beugniot levers between the first and second coupled axles in addition to the Krauss-Helmholtz bogies. (according to other sources also a Schwartzkopff-Eckhardt II bogie ). The locomotives of the first series were subsequently modified with Beugniot levers, some in the early 1960s, others in 1973/74 (on the Harz lines). The thinner wheel flanges of the driving wheels were completely removed later in order to achieve better curve running. Certainly the engines in the second series did not have a rigid wheelbase.
The drive was applied to the third coupled axle, the locomotives had Heusinger valve gear with unsprung "Müller" balanced slide valves and, later, Trofimoff valves.
These "Neubaulokomotiven" were a fully welded evolutionary development of the standard locomotives ("Einheitsloks") of the DRG Class 99.22. In contrast to those, the 99.23-24s had mixer-preheaters and plate frames. However, the latter caused maintenance difficulties from the outset due to cracks and distortion. To date five locomotives (the present-day 99 7232, 7240, 7245, 7239, 7236) were equipped from 2004 onwards with a new, redesigned plate frames and new, welded, steam cylinders. More should follow. All the engines still exist and are based in the Harz; some however are no longer working.
The engines were converted between 1977 and 1983 to primary oil-firing and are the most powerful German narrow gauge steam locomotives ever to have been built. They are primarily used on the line up to the Brocken from Wernigerode.
Their operating numbers changed from 99 231 "et seq" to 99 7231 "et seq" on the introduction of computerised numbers in 1970 and then again to 99 0231 "et seq" on conversion to oil-firing. The computer numbers are still valid, because the HSB retains those allocated in the 1970 DR renumbering scheme.
The vehicles can carry 4.0 tonnes of coal and 8.0 m³ of water.

</doc>
<doc id="19356643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356643" title="American Clock &amp; Watch Museum">
American Clock &amp; Watch Museum

The American Clock & Watch Museum (ACWM), located in Bristol, Connecticut, is one of a very few museums in the United States dedicated solely to horology, which is the history, science and art of timekeeping and timekeepers. Located in the heart of historic center of American clockmaking ACWM is the worlds preeminent horological museum in the area of American clocks, primarily industrial made clocks of the 19th and early 20th century.
The museum is located in a complex including the historic Miles Lewis residence, the partially relocated historic 1728 Barnes homestead, and a modern extension wing in the town of Bristol, Connecticut, the hometown of the former Ingraham Clock Company. Bristol is located North of Interstate Highway 84, about 30 minutes west of Hartford CT or two hours from New York City. 
The ACWM is an independent educational institution, operating under Section 501c3 of the Internal Revenue Code, and besides a small professional staff relies on volunteers for much of its manpower and support. Originally known as The Bristol Clock Museum the institution was started in 1952 and acquired its site the next year.
Exhibits.
The exhibits include clocks (and some watches) from all periods and countries, but the focus of the exhibits is clearly on American clocks. A substantial part of the exhibit space is devoted to tell the story of Eli Terry and his successors and imitators. Terry pioneered mass manufacturing techniques in the early 19th century by replacing the traditional system of making one clock at a time with handmade parts adjusted to fit with each other to using a system of machine made interchangeable parts with close enough tolerances that they could be assembled without further adjustment. Connecticut clockmaking, together with American firearm manufacturing, launched the industrial revolution.
Library.
The ACWM has a significant horological research library, that includes a particularly rich collection of historic catalogs of American clock brands. The library is open for horological researchers only by prior arrangement.

</doc>
<doc id="19356658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356658" title="1960–61 FA Cup">
1960–61 FA Cup

The 1960–61 FA Cup was the 80th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Tottenham Hotspur won the competition for the third time, beating Leicester City 2–0 in the final at Wembley. In doing so, they became the first team to win the Double since Aston Villa in 1897.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Results.
First Round Proper.
At this stage clubs from the Football League Third and Fourth Divisions joined those non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 5 November 1960. Eleven were drawn and went to replays. 
Second Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 26 November 1960, with three matches taking place later. Seven matches were drawn, with replays taking place later the same week. However, the Darlington–Hull City match went to another three replays after this before the match finished in Hull City's favour.
Third Round Proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 7 January 1961. Nine matches were drawn and went to replays, with two of these requiring a second replay.
Fourth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 28 January 1961, with three games postponed until 1 February. Six matches were drawn and went to replays, which were all played in the following midweek match, and one of these was then replayed a second time.
Fifth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 18 February 1961. One match went to a replay in the following mid-week fixture.
Sixth Round Proper.
The four Sixth Round ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 4 March 1961. Three of the four matches went to replays in the midweek fixtures before being settled.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 18 March 1961 with the Leicester City–Sheffield United game requiring two replays. This series of games marked the first time since 1928 that a semi-final had required a second replay, and the first time ever in the FA Cup that a semi-final had failed to produce a goal after a replay. United had the ball in the net through Derek Pace in the first game and although the player insisted that it hit his shoulder, the referee disallowed for handball. Leicester eventually won the tie and so went on to meet Tottenham in the final at Wembley.
Final.
The 1961 FA Cup Final took place on 6 May 1961 at Wembley Stadium and was won by Tottenham Hotspur over Leicester City, by a 2–0 scoreline. In doing so, Tottenham became the first team to complete the League and FA Cup Double since Aston Villa in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="19356662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356662" title="1999 ABC Championship">
1999 ABC Championship

The 1999 Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Men was the qualifying tournament for the Basketball Tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. 
Qualification.
According to the ABC rules, each zone had two places, and the hosts (Japan) and the best 5 teams of the previous Asian Championship were automatically qualified.
Draw.
The draw was held on June 15 at New Otani Hotel in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19356663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356663" title="Harald Gelhaus">
Harald Gelhaus

Harald Gelhaus (24 July 1915 in Göttingen – 2 December 1997 in Bochum) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. As a U-boat commander of and Harald Gelhaus is credited with the sinking of 19 ships (including the SS "Clan Alpine") for a total of and further damaging one ship of .

</doc>
<doc id="19356669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356669" title="Rowrah">
Rowrah

Rowrah is a village in Cumbria and spans the civil parishes of Arlecdon and Frizington and Lamplugh. The majority of Rowrah is within Arlecdon and Frizington. The parish boundaries are formed from the Windergill Beck and Colliergate Beck: as such nine properties, Rowrah Hall Farm, Rowrah Hall, Ainsdale House, Rowrah Head, four properties on Pheasants Rise and Rowrah Station technically fall within Lamplugh.
Until 1974 Rowrah was part of the county of Cumberland.
Like many of the towns and villages in Cumberland, Rowrah is not mentioned in the Domesday Book as in 1092, the date of the book, the majority of Cumberland was within the kingdom of Scotland. Cumberland, and therefore Rowrah, did not permanently become part of England until 1273 with the signing of the Treaty of York.
General.
Rowrah consists of two main residential roads, Rowrah Road (A5086) and Pasture Road. Pheasants Rise was built in 2000 by Swift Homes in between Edgars Garage and Rowrah Head, this was the first major build in Rowrah for over 100 years. The majority of houses in Rowrah are terraced and a few still have the original frontage that reflects the architecture of the time. 
There is a small row of houses on the approach to the old Railway Station. Rowrah Hall, Rowrah Head and Rowrah Hall Farm, until the construction of Ainsdale House in 1992, were the only buildings to the south of Rowrah Road.
The A5086 Rowrah Road becomes Arlecdon Parks Road as it turns towards Arlecdon, approximately 20 yards of Arlecdon Parks Road falls within the village boundary of Rowrah.
Geography.
Rowrah is situated in a minor valley with an East-West direction and is part of the watershed between the River Ehen and the River Derwent, Cumbria. To the west flows the Windergill Beck contributing to the River Ehen, the source of Windergill Beck is located within the grounds of Rowrah Hall. To the east flows the Colliergate Beck contributing to the River Marron which in turn contributes into the River Derwent, Cumbria.
Rowrah is 169m above sea level.
Railways.
Connections.
Before the formation of London, Midland and Scottish Railway on 1 January 1923, Rowrah was connected by three separate railway companies, two of which terminated in Rowrah thus giving four separate lines into and out of Rowrah for the conveyance of passengers and goods.
Whitehaven, Cleator and Egremont Railway.
On 1 February 1864 Rowrah was connected by the Whitehaven, Cleator and Egremont Railway. Rowrah station, located on Pasture Road, can be see using this view from Google Street View. At the top of Pasture Road Rowrah had two hotels, The Railway Hotel and The Stork Hotel.
The line was further extended to Wrights Green ("The Lamplugh Extension") and on 2 April 1866 the line was connected with the Workington and Cockermouth line at using a Wye (rail) (triangular track) arrangement at Marron Junction thus creating the Whitehaven and Marron Junction branch line. At the opening of the "Lamplugh Extension" it was also announced that an Electrical telegraph had been installed on the line at the demand of the Iron ore companies at a grand cost of £56.
By 1875 Rowrah had become a sufficiently complex junction that is was deemed to require its own signal box, this resulted in the opening of Rowrah No1. Signal Box.
Cleator and Workington Junction Railway.
The Cleator and Workington Junction Railway was founded in 1876 and was given the nickname of "Track of the Ironmasters" due to the fact that its primary purpose was to transport trucks of iron ore down from mines located at Knockmurton and Kelton (via Rowrah) to the Iron works at Workington, Cleator Moor and Distington.
On 1 May 1888 a joint application was made for a "tramway on the Rowrah Estate", this was between Thomas Dixon (the owner of Rowrah Head Quarry) and Anthony Joseph Steele Dixon of Rheda and the Cleator and Workington Junction Railway. A further application was made on 1 October 1906 in respect to extension of lines to be constructed on the Rowrah Hall Estate between 1) the Cleator and Workington Junction Railway Company and 2) Thomas Dixon, Rheda and Anthony Joseph Steele Dixon, Lorton Hall.
Initially the Whitehaven, Cleator and Egremont Railway only carried goods, specifically iron ore and coal but it was later extended to carry passengers.
Rowrah continued to have a passenger service until 1931 at which point both the Whitehaven, Cleator and Egremont Railway and Cleator and Workington Junction Railway withdrew their service in the face of increasing competition from the bus service. Many of the local older residents have memories of reasonably frequent school services, charter trains, Railtours and various specials from Rowrah into the 1950s and 1960s.
Rowrah and Kelton Fell Railway.
Rowrah was also the terminus of the 3 Mile Rowrah and Kelton Fell Railway that was constructed to reduce the cost of the conveyance of Iron ore and Limestone from the Knockmurton and Kelton mines. Prior to the construction of the railway the cost of transport via road to Rowrah / Wrights Green was three and six a ton (17.5p). A single locomotive of the Rowrah and Kelton Fell Railway was preserved by the Scottish Railway Preservation Society and can be seen at their Falkirk Museum located at the Bo'ness and Kinneil Railway. The Rowrah and Kelton Fell Railway was opened in January 1877 and the track eventually lifted in 1934, the route was only ever used for the carriage of goods, specifically Iron ore.
Railtours and special services.
Visiting Railtours that came to Rowrah after 1931 include:-
Rowrah Station and staff.
Such was the adhoc passenger traffic and special services that Rowrah railway station continued to be manned until 1967, 36 years after passenger services officially ceased.
Identified railway staff from Rowrah include:-
Closure.
The line to the north of Rowrah (Wrights Green - Marron Junction) was lifted in 1964.
Rowrah continued to have a manned station until 1967, 36 years after passenger services officially ceased.
The route of the old Cleator and Workington Junction Railway ceased coal and coke traffic, for the general public on 14 August 1967, and regular goods, from 15 August 1966.
The signal box remained operational until 1967 at which point traffic had become so low that the whole of the line between Rowrah and Whitehaven was deemed as a single block (see British absolute block signalling) with point switching being carried out by the train driver / guard. The Rowrah No. 1 Signal box was the last surviving box of the Whitehaven, Cleator and Egremont Railway.
A stretch of the Cleator and Workington Junction Railway remained until October 1980 as the backshunt into Rowrah Hall quarry for the remaining goods traffic on the old route of the Whitehaven, Cleator and Egremont Railway. The backshunt ran from Rowrah almost as far as Arlecdon Station.
The line to the south of Rowrah continued to serve the Rowrah Hall / Eskett Quarry as the primary way to move Limestone until 23 March 1978 when the last Rowrah Limestone was sent to the Blast furnaces at Workington Ironworks. All private siding movements were suspended on 1 April 1978. The line was officially closed to traffic on 2 February 1980 and remained in place until October of the same year. The quarry remained open for two years after the departure of the railway with all Limestone being transported by road. During the rail removal process the track was lifted and loaded on to a train, the track being lifted behind it as it travelled back to Whitehaven. The train formation consisted of a British Rail Class 25 locomotive (25202 and 25036), two rail wagons and BR/LMS guards van. 25036 was the last locomotive to ever visit Rowrah.
Mines, quarries, and natural resources.
Rowrah is built on a large and very pure deposit of Limestone and from 1888 until the 1980s Limestone was quarried from at least one of the four quarries in Rowrah.
The remnants of all the quarries of Rowrah and the connecting trackbeds is clearly visible in this google map overlay
Rowrah Hall Quarry.
Rowrah Hall Quarry, later called the Rowrah Quarry, was owned by Thomas Dixon of Rheda and at its peak employed 24 men with an average yield of 130 tons of limestone per day. Although owned by Thomas Dixon the quarry was leased to various parties throughout its productive life, some of the leases in date order are:-
In the 1980s Rowrah Quarry was (owned? and) operated by Eskett Quarries Ltd.
Kelton Head Quarry.
Kelton Head Quarry is located one mile to the east of the Rowrah, this was in active use until 1950. In the early 1960s Kelton Head quarry was purchased from the owner, farmer Joseph Wren, for £300 by Iredale Edgar for the purpose of converting it into the new home of The Cumbria Karting Club.
Salter Hall Quarry.
Salter Hall Quarry ( to 1927) was used for the quarrying of limestone and was served by the Rowrah and Kelton Fell Railway.
The quarry was owned by Salter Quarry Co. Ltd.
In 1922 it employed 47 people (36 workers, 11 office)
Although Rowrah Hall Quarry and Salter Hall Quarry were entirely separate, later quarrying activity and the eventual flooding of both has resulted in them now appearing as one single entity when viewed from the air . Although there is no documented evidence many locals are aware of the remnants of two tunnels between the two quarries. The earlier of the two tunnels had a narrow gauge track and the latter was sufficiently wide to allow the passage of road wagons. Eventually the two tunnels were used to create the open space between the two quarries.
Stockhow Hall Quarry.
Stockhow Hall Quarry ( to 1909) was used for the quarrying of limestone and was served by the Rowrah and Kelton Fell Railway. The local name for Stockhow Hall Quarry was "Bainsey Wood Quarry".
Other geological interest.
The soil in Rowrah often has a reddish colouring due to the high concentration of iron-ore.
Cycling.
The disused railway in Rowrah now forms part of the 140 mile Sea to Sea Cycle Route (C2C) Cycle Route, Britain's most popular "challenge" cycle route which is route 71 of the National Cycle Network. The cycle route between Rowrah and Whitehaven follows the disused railway line for its entire length, making it an excellent traffic free and gentle bike ride with a selection of local sculptures to keep the casual cyclist entertained.
Notable buildings.
Rowrah Hall.
Rowrah Hall was built in 1705 and extended in 1722 is now under private ownership and the building is almost in its original "as built" form. The gateway to Rowrah Hall was originally located directly on the main road but had to be moved in 1861 with the arrival of the railway. Access to Rowrah hall is via two disused railway bridges that were underfilled in the 1990s. Rowrah Hall was given Grade II listed status on 9 March 1967
The Shop.
Located at 9 Rowrah Road the shop was the last general retail premises in Rowrah, now closed and a private residence. Previously it was a Fish and Chip shop.
The Doctors House.
The doctors house is one of the largest houses in the original row of terraced houses on Rowrah Road, it is detached and set back from the other houses in the row.
Rowrah Chapel.
In 1895 a 300 capacity Wesleyan Chapel was constructed from part rendered local sandstone, now a private residential property.
The Cooperative.
The Cooperative building has had many uses. As the Cooperative it was a funeral parlour. In the mid-1970s it was used as a jewellery shop called Magnus Maximus Designs. It is now a private residence under the name of Magnus House.
The Railway Hotel.
The Railway Hotel, located at 49 Rowrah Road, was the property of the Jennings Brewery, Cockermouth. The property was leased to various landlords throughout its life under Jennings Brewery ownership, some of the tenants included:-
The Railway Hotel Rowrah underwent alterations in 1955/1956 while remaining under the ownership of the Jennings Brewery.
Additional National archive records, held in Cumbria Record Office and Local Studies Library, Whitehaven, indicate the sale of The Railway Hotel in 1956 The Station Hotel is now a private residence.
The Stork Hotel.
The Stork Hotel Rowrah is located on the corner of Rowrah Road and Pasture Road.
There are archive records regarding The Stork Hotel as follows:-
The Stork Hotel is the last remaining public house and hotel in Rowrah.
Religion.
Rowrah for many years was a religious hub for the surrounding area and in 1895 a 300 capacity Wesleyan Chapel was constructed. This chapel later became a Methodist church for the local community until declining numbers forced the closure and sale of the property. The chapel is now a private residence.
Many of the Wesleyan meetings were documented and some have been transcribed available online.
The Reading Room was established in 1896; the members, who numbered about 40, subscribed for 2d. weekly.
4 items from the "Wesleyan Chapel Rowrah" are part of the local historical collection housed at The Beacon in Whitehaven. These items are:-
Wildlife.
Rowrah is a rural village and as such it has lots of diverse wildlife, including wild deer, cuckoo, barn owl, fox, red squirrel, smooth newt, hare, and rabbit. Rowrah has a pair of nesting peregrine falcons, in April 2009 they made the national headlines when a pigeon laced with poison was used in an attempt to poison them.
To the south east of Rowrah, along the C2C cycle route prior to Sheriffs Gate there is High Leys, which has been designated a National Nature Reserve. The status of National Nature Reserve was awarded to High Leys due to its meadow status and the traditional hay-making and grazing methods employed during the land's working lifetime.
In 2010 there have been sightings of a large black cat, local myth often refers to such unknown creatures as "Boggles".
Post Office.
The nearest Post Office is at Arlecdon.

</doc>
<doc id="19356671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356671" title="Claudia Moro">
Claudia Moro

Claudia Moro Fernández (born November 10, 1985 in Santiago de Compostela) is a beauty queen from Spain who competed in the 2008 Miss Universe pageant, placing seventh overall.
Miss Spain.
She represented Madrid at Miss Spain 2008 and placed 1st Runner-Up to Patricia Rodríguez.
Miss Universe.
Moro was sent to Miss Universe 2008 due to Rodríguez being underage and finished in the Top 10 (7th overall).

</doc>
<doc id="19356672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356672" title="Edward Chapman (politician)">
Edward Chapman (politician)

Edward Chapman (12 October 1839 – 25 July 1906) was a British academic and Conservative politician.
He was the son of John Chapman and his wife Ann née Sidebottom, of Hill End House, Hollingworth, near Mottram, Cheshire. John Chapman was member of parliament for Great Grimsby and was a major landowner, having made a fortune from the development of railways and docks.
Edward Chapman was educated at Merton College, Oxford, having been graduated with a first-class honours degree in Natural Science in 1864. He obtained a master's degree in 1866, and subsequently became a tutor at Magdalen College in 1868. He was appointed a public examiner in the Honours School of Science. He was elected a fellow of Magdalen College in 1882. He was curator of the University Botanic Gardens, and a member of the Linnean and Ashmolean Societies. He married Elizabeth Beardoe Grundy in 1863.
In 1877 his father died and he inherited shares in the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway, and went on to become a director and deputy chairman of its successor Great Central Railway. He was also a director of the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway companies. He was lord of the manor of Hattersley, an estate purchased by his father.
He was involved in local politics, serving as president of the Hyde Conservative Association, and for twenty years was chairman of the Mottram Urban District Council.
In 1900 he was elected as Conservative MP for Hyde, and was appointed a deputy lieutenant of Cheshire at the end of 1901. At the ensuing election in 1906 he was defeated by the Liberal candidate Charles Schwann.
Chapman was found dead at Hill End on 25 July 1906, apparently as the result of a fall. He was aged 67.

</doc>
<doc id="19356674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356674" title="Hanna defile">
Hanna defile

The Hanna Defile (Umm El-Hanna defile) is a narrow strip of dry land between the River Tigris and the Suwaikiya Marshes.

</doc>
<doc id="19356675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356675" title="Jayanth Manda">
Jayanth Manda

Jayanth Manda (born 1939, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh) is a contemporary Indian artist.
Biography.
After preliminary practice in the art of drawing and painting at local schools, he joined Sir J. J. School of Art, Mumbai and obtained Diploma in Painting in 1964. 
Studied Mural techniques" at faculty of Fine Arts, M. S. University, Baroda, in 1967 under the guidance of Professor K.G. Subrahmanyam.
He has held many solo exhibitions and participated in group exhibitions at all the major cities of India.
He was an active member of DISHA - a creative artists group which projected the contemporary social situation in India.
He joined Doordarshan Kendra, Hyderabad in 1972.
He was trained at Film and Institute of India FTII, Pune in 1976 and 1982 in the field of "Film and Television Programme Production Techniques", became trained Television Producer and continued working for Doordarshan Kendra and retired as Assistant Station Director, Doordarshan Kendra in 1996.
He was conferred Doctorate in "Television Communication and role of Indian Culture" in 2003, Osmania University Hyderabad.
At present he is practicing as a professional painter.
References.
Sadrishyam

</doc>
<doc id="19356687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356687" title="Cytinaceae">
Cytinaceae

Cytinaceae is a family of parasitic flowering plants. It comprised two genera, "Cytinus" and "Bdallophytum", totalling ten species.
These two genera were formerly placed in the family Rafflesiaceae, order Malpighiales. When they were separated into a new family, it was initially placed in Malpighiales, but it has since been recognised as belonging to order Malvales.

</doc>
<doc id="19356690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356690" title="John B. Goddard School of Business &amp; Economics">
John B. Goddard School of Business &amp; Economics

John B. Goddard School of Business & Economics at Weber State University prepares students for careers in business and economics. The Goddard School attracts students from across the nation and around the world. More than 2,400 students are enrolled in undergraduate programs in accounting, business administration emphases in business administration, finance, management (with human resource management track), marketing, and supply chain management, economics, and information systems & technologies; and more than 360 students pursue degrees in the Master of Accounting program and the Master of Business Administration program. The School was named for John B. Goddard following his more than $6 million gift in 1998.
Graduate programs.
The Goddard School's MBA is currently (2010) listed in the Princeton Review's 301 Best Business Schools.
Undergraduate Program.
The following majors are offered:
Accreditation.
The John B. Goddard School of Business & Economics and its School of Accountancy are accredited by Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB International) in both business and accounting.

</doc>
<doc id="19356692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356692" title="Heinz Franke">
Heinz Franke

Heinz Franke (30 November 1915 in Berlin-Steglitz—5 April 2003 in Sasbach) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Biography.
Franke joined the "Kriegsmarine" in April 1936 and served for more than two years on the battlecruiser , and was on board during her two patrols in 1939.
Franke transferred to the U-boat force in October 1940 and after training became first watch officer (I WO) of . After three patrols he took command of the school boat in December 1941, and spent ten months in the Baltic Sea.
In October 1942 he was appointed commander of and on his first patrol he sank the Norwegian Flower class corvette . In May 1943 Franke was ordered to the Gulf of Saint Lawrence to pick up some captured U-boat men who planned to escape, but the breakout failed.
In November 1943, while on patrol with "U-262", Franke was involved in three convoy battles; his conduct was marked by diligent efficient shadowing and determined attack, particularly against the last, Convoy SL 140/MKS 31. For this, and despite a lack of success, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (see citation).
In January 1944 Franke was attached to the BdU staff. After serving in several staff positions and in a midget U-boat unit, he took command of in March 1945. When the U-boat was damaged on 4 April 1945 he transferred to , which he commanded up until the end of the war on 8 May. After the war he spent six months in captivity, then served in a minesweeper unit.
In 1957 he joined the newly formed "Bundesmarine", retiring in March 1972 as a "Fregattenkapitän".
Heinz Franke died on 5 April 2003.
Citation.
Franke's citation on being awarded the Knights Cross read:
"Francke has repeatedly been the only one of those participating in operations who has forced his way into the convoy against the strongest air and sea defences. In the present situation the possibilities of sinkings are slight. In awarding distinctions I shall evaluate toughness and tenacity so much the more, even when it is not crowned with success."
Franke was the only U-boat commander awarded the Knights Cross in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19356697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356697" title="Adama Diatta">
Adama Diatta

Adama Diata (born on August 14, 1988) is a male freestyle wrestler from Senegal. He participated in the Men's freestyle 55 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics. In the round of 16, he lost to Tomohiro Matsunaga from Japan. In the repachage round, he was beaten by Turkish Sezar Akgul.
In March 2008, Diata won the FILA African Championship, which gave him qualification to the 2008 Summer Olympics

</doc>
<doc id="19356698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356698" title="Sándor Rózsa">
Sándor Rózsa

Biography.
He was at the age of 23 (1836) when first got into jail in Szeged. After escaping he chose the life of a highwayman and a number of bloody and infamous acts made his name well-known.
In October 1848 on behalf of the Committee of Defence ("Honvédelmi Bizottmány"), he joined the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 with his company of 150. With their strange appearance and method of fighting they had success but because of their lack of discipline they were disbanded.
After the fall of the revolution he was forced to flee and returned to his earlier brigand lifestyle. He was not captured until 1857 when he was betrayed by one of his companions. He was sentenced to life imprisonment. He spent 9 years in prisons of Kufstein, Theresienstadt and Pétervárad till he was released in a general amnesty in 1868.
In the same year he resumed his old pursuits and robbed post coaches and railway trains. He was again captured on January 12, 1869 and was again sentenced to imprisonment for life.
He died in prison in Gherla.
Trivia.
Sándor Rózsa is also discussed in the book "Straszliwi zbojnicy z Bieszczadow i okolicy" (Terrible Robbers of the Bieszczady and Surrounding Areas) by Polish author Robert Bankosz.
His favourite hiding places were the islets on the Ludaš Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19356705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356705" title="Fraser Quarterman">
Fraser Quarterman

Fraser James Quarterman (born 27 June 1983) is a New Zealand cricketer who plays first–class cricket for Wellington and Essex's 2nd XI. Born in Wellington and educated at Massey University, Quarterman is a right–handed batsman and left–arm medium–fast bowler. He played his debut match for Wellington against Canterbury on 1 December 2007, scoring three runs and taking a wicket in each innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19356717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356717" title="Herbert von Karajan Music Prize">
Herbert von Karajan Music Prize

The Herbert von Karajan Music Prize, in German "Herbert von Karajan Musikpreis", is an annual award presented by the Festspielhaus Baden-Baden in honour of the celebrated 20th century Austrian conductor, Herbert von Karajan. The prize was inaugurated in 2002 and the monetary element is currently set at 50,000 Euro, which must be used by the recipient to help further the careers of young musicians. It was first awarded in 2003, to the German violinist Anne-Sophie Mutter.

</doc>
<doc id="19356719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356719" title="The Take Off All Your Clothes EP">
The Take Off All Your Clothes EP

__NOTOC__
The Take Off All Your Clothes EP is an EP by the American singer-songwriter Jenny Owen Youngs.

</doc>
<doc id="19356736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356736" title="Maximiliaan van Egmond">
Maximiliaan van Egmond

Maximilian of Egmont (1509–1548) was Count of Buren and Leerdam, and Stadtholder of Friesland (succeeding George Schenck) from 1540 until 1548. He was the son of Floris van Egmont whom he succeeded as count after his father's death in 1539. 
He studied Ancient Greek at the Catholic University of Leuven in 1516 and was a friend of the 16th century intellectual Erasmus. By 1528 he was at the court of Erard de la Marck, Prince-Bishop of Liege.
In 1537 he was in the service of the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V and was made a member of the Order of the Golden Fleece for distinguishing himself as military commander of the Dutch army against France. He later saw action in the Schmalkaldic War from 1546 to 1547.
Maximilian married Françoise de Lannoy in 1531 and had one child, Anna van Egmont, who later married William the Silent, Prince of Orange in 1551.
In England he is remembered as an ally of Henry VIII during the period of war between England, Scotland and France (1544–1551) known as The Rough Wooing. After the 1544 siege of Boulogne-sur-Mer Egmont presented the king with the basilisk Queen Elizabeth's Pocket Pistol as a gift for his young daughter the future Elizabeth I.
He died of sickness in 1548, attended by the surgeon Vesalius. On his death bed he wore full armor and drank to the health of the Holy Roman Emperor.

</doc>
<doc id="19356741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356741" title="Wilhelm Franken">
Wilhelm Franken

Wilhelm Franken (11 September 1914 in Bielefeld-Schildesche – 13 January 1945 in Kiel) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Franken was killed in a fire on board the "Daresalam".

</doc>
<doc id="19356743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356743" title="Neverita">
Neverita

Neverita is a genus of medium-sized to large sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Naticidae, the moon snails 
The type species of this genus is "Neverita josephinia" Risso, 1826.
Species.
Species within the genus "Neverita" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19356748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356748" title="Energy in South Korea">
Energy in South Korea

Energy in South Korea describes energy and electricity production, consumption and importation in South Korea. 
South Korea is a major energy importer, importing nearly all of its oil needs and being the second-largest importer of liquefied natural gas in the world.
Electricity generation in the country comes from conventional thermal power, which accounts for more than two thirds of production, and from nuclear power. 
Energy producers were dominated by government enterprises, although privately operated coal mines and oil refineries also existed. South Korea has no proven oil reserves. Exploration until the 1980s in the Yellow Sea and on the continental shelf between Korea and Japan did not find any offshore oil. Coal supply in the country is insufficient and of low quality. The potential for hydroelectric power is limited because of high seasonal variations in the weather and the concentration of most of the rainfall in the summer. Accordingly, the government is increasingly focused on developing nuclear power generation.
Overview.
Final energy consumption by source (2010):
Electric power.
The Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO) provided electricity in the country. When KEPCO's predecessor, KECO, was founded in 1961, annual power production was 1,770 million kilowatt-hours (kwhr). Production reached 73,992 million kwhr in 1987. In 1987, residential customers used 17.9% of total production, public and service businesses, 16.2%, and the industrial sector, 65.9%. Sources of power generation were primarily nuclear power, coal, oil, and liquefied natural gas. Of the 54,885 million kwhr of electricity generated in 1985, 22% came from nuclear plants then in operation, 74%, from thermal plants (oil and coal), and 4%, from hydroelectric sites. It was predicted in 1988 that the generation structure by the year 2000 would be 10.2% hydroelectric, 12.2% oil, 22.9% coal, 10.2% LNG, and 44.5% nuclear.
More recent statistics:
Thermal.
KOGAS (한국가스공사) acts as importer of LNG for the power generators.
Nuclear Power.
South Korea placed a heavy emphasis on nuclear power generation. The country's first nuclear power plant, the Kori Number One located near Pusan, which opened in 1977. Eight plants operated in 1987 when atomic power generation was an estimated 71,158 million kilowatts, or 53.1% of total electric power.
Hydro.
Hydro also comes under Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Ltd. (한국수력원자력㈜)
Renewable energy.
The government decision in July 2008 to increase investment in renewable energy to reduce reliance on foreign oil imports may provide an incentive for conglomerates' solar plans. The Ministry of Knowledge and Economy said the country intends to spend 194.4 billion won ($193 million) on technologies and projects, including solar, wind and biofuels, in 2008.
Global warming.
According to the Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center CDIAC South Korea is among the top ten, namely ninth, highest country in carbon dioxide emissions in the period 1950-2005. The USA (25%), China (10%) and Russia (8%) are the countries with the highest carbon dioxide emissions from 1950-2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19356755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356755" title="Shaun Thompson">
Shaun Thompson

Shaun Thompson (born 13 July 1987 in Slough) is a British ice hockey player who currently plays for the Braehead Clan of the Elite Ice Hockey League.
Thompson joined Basingtoke Bison in 2003. In 2005 and 2006, he was sent to the Bracknell Bees in the English Premier Ice Hockey League in aid of his development. In 2007, he briefly played for the Nottingham Panthers before returning to Bracknell and once again Basingstoke for the 2008-09 Elite League season.

</doc>
<doc id="19356804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356804" title="Viacheslav Dydyshko">
Viacheslav Dydyshko

Viacheslav Dydyshko (born 10 April 1949) a Belarusian chess Grandmaster (1995).
He won 11 times Belarusian Chess Championship (from 1965 to 2006) and played for Belarus in the Chess Olympiads of 1994, 1996, 1998, 2000, 2002, 2004 and 2006. He won twice Baltic Chess Championship (1973 and 1974), and Rubinstein Memorial at Polanica-Zdrój 1983.
On the November 2011 FIDE list his Elo rating is 2512.

</doc>
<doc id="19356807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356807" title="Karl Fleige">
Karl Fleige

Karl Fleige (5 September 1905 in Hildesheim – 16 February 1975 in Erzhausen) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="19356829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356829" title="DOM">
DOM

DOM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19356832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356832" title="Olav Torpp">
Olav Torpp

Olav A. B. Torpp (1907 - 1993) was a Norwegian traffic engineer and civil servant.
He graduated as siv.ing. from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1931, and then spent his entire career in the Norwegian Public Roads Administration. He was county director of roads in Hordaland from 1951, and in 1961 he was hired as head of the road department in the Norwegian Directorate of Public Roads. He applied for the position of director of the Directorate of Public Roads in 1962, and was seen as a strong candidate, but Karl Olsen was appointed. Instead, Torpp worked as assisting director and head of the technical department. He retired in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19356841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356841" title="Neuradaceae">
Neuradaceae

The Neuradaceae are a family of flowering plant, comprising three genera — "Grielum", "Neurada" and "Neuradopsis" — totalling ten species.
These genera were formerly placed in order Rosales, and in one case even in family Rosaceae, but they are now recognised as belonging to order Malvales. The family needs further research.

</doc>
<doc id="19356852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356852" title="36 pasos">
36 pasos

36 pasos (36 steps) is a 2006 Argentine horror film directed and written by Adrián García Bogliano.

</doc>
<doc id="19356854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356854" title="The Kiss of Death">
The Kiss of Death

The Kiss of Death is a novel written by Marcus Sedgwick, and the sequel to "My Swordhand is Singing". It is based in 18th Century Venice, and follows the story of a young boy called Marco, who is searching for his father who has gone missing. Soon enough, old adversaries emerge.
Plot summary.
"Death comes in many forms, but in Venice death comes by water..."
It's the perfect place to hoard secrets. Here the Shadow Queen has her lair, and here she'll gather her forces for a final battle.
Marko and Sorrel are unwitting players in her Last Act as they search for his father, and try to stop the madness claiming hers.
In the dark alleyways, on silvery waterways slivers the light lance of the lagoon mist.

</doc>
<doc id="19356866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356866" title="Christmas Island pipistrelle">
Christmas Island pipistrelle

The Christmas Island pipistrelle ("Pipistrellus murrayi") is a species of vesper bat found only on Christmas Island, Australia.
It is a small bat weighing around 3 to 4.5 grams. It has sometimes been considered synonymous with "Pipistrellus tenuis"; however, revisions of the genus based on baculum have identified "Pipistrellus murrayi" as a distinct species. This is supported by genetic work conducted for the Australian Government as part of its investigation into the decline of Christmas Island ecology and the pipistrelle in mid-2009; the results of this analysis indicate that the Christmas Island Pipistrelle is closely related to but distinct from other Asian pipistrelles.
Grave fears are held that the species may now be extinct, with the last individual bat seen in August 2009 with no further sightings despite intensive efforts to locate the species.
Decline.
The Christmas Island pipistrelle has declined dramatically in the last two decades. It was once commonly seen throughout the island including in the settlement. It has disappeared from at least 80% of its range and declined more than 90% in abundance since 1994. 
A reassessment of the number of individuals remaining in January 2009 suggested there may have been as few as 20 individuals left. The only known communal roost contained only four individuals. Three years before there had been 54 individuals in this colony and there were several other known, similar-sized colonies. The long-term monitoring data suggested that, if the rate of decline continued, this species was likely to become extinct around mid-2009. Monitoring in early 2009 showed that some bats survived in the wild, prompting the Australian government to announce on 1 July 2009, that it would attempt to rescue the bat by bringing the last remaining individuals into captivity, with assistance of volunteer bat researchers from the Australasian Bat Society. On 8 September 2009, the Australian Government announced that attempts to capture the bats had failed. A single Christmas Island pipistrelle was observed in August 2009; none have been seen since, and it is feared the species is now extinct.
Cause of decline.
The cause of the Christmas Island pipistrelle's decline is unknown. Several potential threats have been suggested: predation or disturbance at roost sites, and disease. Introduced species such as the common wolf snake, giant centipede[http://www.ento.csiro.au/aicn/name_s/b_3704.htm], yellow crazy ant, black rat or feral cats have all been identified as potential suspects responsible for the decline either through predation or disturbance of the bats. It has also been speculated that an unidentified health threat, or poisoning from the insecticide Fipronil used to control yellow crazy ant 'supercolonies' could be responsible for the decline.

</doc>
<doc id="19356867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356867" title="1960 FA Charity Shield">
1960 FA Charity Shield

The 1960 FA Charity Shield was the 38th FA Charity Shield, a football match between the winners of the previous season's First Division and FA Cup titles. The match was contested by league champions Burnley and FA Cup winners Wolverhampton Wanderers. 
The two clubs had been the main challengers for the league title the previous season, with Burnley pipping Wolves by just a single point. This denied the Midlands club a third successive league championship, and the first 'double' of the 20th Century.
The match was staged at Burnley's home ground, Turf Moor. The game ended a 2–2 draw, meaning the Shield was shared.

</doc>
<doc id="19356880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356880" title="Worcester County District Courthouses">
Worcester County District Courthouses

The District Court of Maryland for Worcester County District Courthouses are located in Ocean City and Snow Hill and serve as the courts of first impression for the majority of residents in Worcester County, Maryland. All minor traffic and most misdeamenor criminal cases are handled in these courts.
Ocean City District Courthouse.
The District Court of Maryland for Worcester County Ocean City Courthouse is located at 6505 Coastal Highway, Ocean City, Maryland, just two blocks from the beach. There is one courtroom, a judge's chambers and offices for the clerks of the District Court of Maryland. The Courthouse is part of the new Ocean City Public Safety Complex which consolidates numerous municipal services in one place. The complex also provides of space for Police, Emergency Medical Services (EMS), Emergency Operations Center (EOC), and the Department of Juvenile Services.
Snow Hill District Courthouse.
The Snow Hill District Courthouse is located at 301 Commerce Street in Snow Hill, Maryland. There is one courtroom, a judge's chambers, a modest law library, offices of the clerk of the District Court for Worcester County and the office of the court commissioner.

</doc>
<doc id="19356882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356882" title="Shin (given name)">
Shin (given name)

Possible writings.
Shin can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19356895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356895" title="Carl Hanser Verlag">
Carl Hanser Verlag

Carl Hanser Verlag is a German publishing house, established in 1928 by Carl Hanser in Munich. Among the authors he published are Herta Müller, Martin Mosebach, Reinhard Jirgl, and David Grossman.

</doc>
<doc id="19356909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356909" title="County of Gützkow">
County of Gützkow

The County of Gützkow () was a part of the Duchy of Pomerania during the High Middle Ages (1219–1359), named after the central town of Gützkow and stretching roughly from the Peene River in the South to the Ryck River in the North. It emerged from the earlier Liutician Principality of Gützkow (), that was turned into a castellany when subdued by the Dukes of Pomerania. When the last Count of Gützkow died in 1359, the area was turned into a "Vogtei", which was merged into Amt Wolgast in the beginning 16th century.
Principality of Gützkow (before 1128).
Until the 12th century, the burgh of Gützkow was the center of a Liutizian principality. When Otto von Bamberg converted the area to Christianity in 1128, Wartislaw I, Duke of Pomerania, had already subdued it. Otto's chroniclers reported a "princeps" "Mitzlaw de Gützkow". Otto levelled an important Liutizian temple and replaced it with St Nicolai's church, now the center of the town of Gützkow.
Castellany of Gützkow (c.1128-1219).
The dukes of Pomerania turned the principality into a Pomeranian castellany () district and appointed a castellan (). In 1164 and 1177, the area was subject to Danish and Saxon raids.
County of Gützkow (1219-1359).
Wartislaw was castellan of Gützkow until his death in 1219. His wife Dobroslawa, daughter of Bogislaw II, Duke of Pomerania, was styled Countess of Gützkow in a 1226 document approving the transfer of various lands to the nearby Stolpe Abbey. In 1234, Dobroslawa married the German noble Jaczo von Salzwedel, who expanded the old burgh on Gützkow's "Schlossberg" hill with stone buildings. 
Around 1230, German settlers were invited to the sparsely settled central and northern areas devastated by earlier warfare. The German settlement was part of the pattern of larger migrations and social changes known as "Ostsiedlung" ("eastwards settlement"). Hanshagen was named after Count Johann I of Gützkow. Konrad II von Salzwedel, Jaczo's brother and since 1233 bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cammin (under the name Konrad III), advanced his relatives by enfeoffing them with lands belonging to Usedom Abbey (Grobe, Pudagla). Gützkow evolved into a town and was granted Lübeck law. 
To oppose Eldena Abbey, which dominated the northern areas, Jaczo and Dobroslawa in 1242 founded a Franciscan friary ("Grey Friars") in Greifswald, at this time the market place of Eldena. Hence this friary housed the tombs of the von Gützkow family. An inscription on the ceiling read:
The Counts of Gützkow also minted their own coins.
Jaczo's sons Johann I, Konrad and Jaczo II were until 1270 called "Herren von Gützkow" (lords of Gützkow), thereafter "Grafen von Gützkow" (Counts of Gützkow). The marriage of Jaczo II and Cecislawa of Putbus was already arranged by the time they were aged five and two, respectively, Cecislawa being a princess of a branch of the family of the princes of Rügen who ruled the areas north of Gützkow. Other arrangements connected the Gützkow family with the House of Pomerania. In 1295, Jaczo II was a witness to the internal partition of the Duchy of Pomerania, which made Gützkow a part of Pomerania-Wolgast. Jaczo's grandson, Nikolaus of Gützkow, was in 1319 appointed by Wartislaw IV of Pomerania-Wolgast to lead a court. 
Johann III and Johann IV were involved in a conflict with the Pomeranian dukes about their mother Margarete's possessions. Margarete's brother, Bogislaw IV, Duke of Pomerania, had handed over the areas of Konsages, Schlatkow and Bünzow as dowry. Probably when Wartislaw IV, Duke of Pomerania, claimed these areas, they joined Pomerania's opponent Mecklenburg in the first war for the Rugian succession. After the Battle of Griebenow, the Counts of Gützkow settled the conflict, changed sides and fought for the dukes of Pomerania. In 1327 they besieged the town of Barth. In April 1328, an army led by the Counts of Gützkow and assisted by troops from Demmin and Altentreptow won the decisive Battle of Völschow against the troops of Heinrich II of Mecklenburg ("the Lion"). 
In 1329 - 1334, Counts Johann III and Johann IV assisted the dukes of Pomerania-Stettin in the Pomeranian-Brandenburgian War against the Margraviate of Brandenburg. In 1331 (1334), they participated in the Battle of Kremmer Damm. Due to the high war costs, they sold many areas to the town of Greifswald, e.g. in 1334 - 1351 Sanz, Müssow and Guest.
Count Johann V of Gützkow died on October 25, 1351, during the Battle of Schoppendamm near Loitz fighting in the Second War for the Rugian Succession. When his uncle Johann III died soon afterwards in 1359, the House of Gützkow became extinct in the male line. Until 1378, the sisters of Johann V continued to live in Burg Gützkow. The Counts of Gützkow were succeeded by the Dukes of Pomerania, who hence added "Count of Gützkow" to their title. The Gützkow coat of arms was incorporated into the arms of Pomerania. Subsequent to the dissolution of Pomerania as independent dukedom, the line Pommern-Stettin continued the use of the subsidiary title e.g. Erich v. Gützkow-Peglow.
Vogtei Gützkow (1359-c.1600).
The name "Grafschaft Gützkow" (County of Gützkow) was further used to describe the area that the Pomeranian dukes had turned into a Vogtei. The last Vogt was Hans Owstin, who is mentioned in the 1480s. In the beginning of the 16th century, the Vogtei Gützkow was made part of Amt Wolgast, that comprised the area of the former Vogtei, the territory of Wusterhusen and the areas east of Gützkow. Even after the Vogtei was dissolved, the area was still referred to as "Grafschaft Gützkow".
Territory.
The area of the principality, castellany, county and Vogtei of Gützkow did not change significantly over time. In the north it was bordered by the rivers Ryck and Ziese. In the east, the border ran east of Züssow, Ranzin, Vitense and Owstin. In the west, the border ran west of Dersekow. In the south, the county was bordered by the Peene river, from time to time including the territories of Miserez and Ploth south of the Peene. At the end of the 12th century, the territory of Loitz was for some time part of Gützkow.
Stolpe Abbey received many gifts of land on both sides of the Peene River shortly after the principality was subdued by the Pomeranians. Jaromar I, Prince of Rügen, donated vast areas on both sides of the Ryck river to Eldena Abbey while he was appointed by king Canute VI of Denmark to rule in the place of the infant sons of the subdued Bogislaw I, Duke of Pomerania, in 1189 - 1212. Thus, Gützkow's territory was sandwiched between that of Eldena in the north and that of Stolpe in the south.
The Counts of Gützkow gave parts of their county in fee to the knightly families of Behr, von Horn and von Heyden.

</doc>
<doc id="19356912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356912" title="HMS Hilary (1908)">
HMS Hilary (1908)

HMS "Hilary" was a combined passenger/cargo vessel and originally named SS "Hilary". During the First World War, it was commissioned into the Royal Navy and in 1917 was sunk by a German submarine.
The ship was constructed in 1908 for the Booth Steamship Company to operate on the Europe/South America route, and carrying 200 first-class and 300 third-class passengers.
On the outbreak of the First World War, the ship was requisitioned by the Royal Navy for conversion to an armed merchant cruiser and assigned to the 10th Cruiser Squadron. She formed part of the Northern Patrol blockading trade to Germany. It was torpedoed and sunk west of Lerwick, Shetland Islands by the German submarine whilst "Hilary" was leaving her patrol area to refuel at the naval base at Scapa Flow.

</doc>
<doc id="19356932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356932" title="Obrad Zelić">
Obrad Zelić

Obrad Zelic (Serbian Cyrillic: "Oбрад Зелић")is a regular professor of parodontology and oral medicine at the University of Belgrade's Faculty of Stomatology and a guest professor at faculties in Moscow, Yerevan, Toronto, Winnipeg, Athens, and Jerusalem. He was the first to graduate in the class of 1970, and became a docent before his 33rd birthday in 1979.
The BULLETIN OF THE SERBIAN MEDICAL SOCIETY JUN-JUL 2009. page 2 ISSN: 1451-2130 lists him as having been awarded The Serbian Medical Society's Lifetime Achievement Award (Награда за животно дело). 
He is "President of the Association of Dentists of Serbia" ( је на свечаном отварању председник конгреса и Удружења стоматолога Србије, проф.др Обрад Зелић. ...).
Life.
He was born in Obrovac in 1946, in the respectable Dalmatian family of Serbian Orthodox Church dignitary Gerasim Zelic. The Zelic family is closely related with the uskok duke Stojan Jankovic and renowned writer Vladan Desnica.
Work.
So far, Obrad Zelic has operated on over 10,000 patients suffering from gingivitis and parodontopathy. He is the founder and head of a school of parodontal medicine and mucogingival microsurgery. He has educated 23 PhDs, 18 masters and more than 80 specialists in this field of stomatology. In the past few years, he has been doing research on the influence of systemic diseases – particularly diabetes – on diseases of the mouth, as well as on the installation of oral implants for toothless patients. Professor PhD of Science Obrad Zelic is one of our most important scientists working in stomatology.
Scientific work.
Professor PhD of Science Obrad Zelic has published over 200 scientific papers in Serbia and 70 in foreign publications. He has also published 12 monographies and textbooks so far. The Basics of Clinical Parodontology, published in 2002, was the first textbook at the Faculty of Stomatology to be published in e-form, and its most important sections were also translated into English and Russian. Professor Zelic’s scientific works were often quoted in leading global and local magazines, monographies and textbooks. Professor PhD of Science Obrad Zelic is a member of the offices of scientific magazines, such as the Serbian Stomatological Journal, the Stomatological Bulletin and Oral Implantology. He also reviewed a large number of textbooks, monographies and atlases, and numerous scientific papers. He has been running a school of parodontal and mucogingival microsurgery for 30 years, of which he is the founder. He also participates in many mass media (was a regular associate of the daily Politika), where he has been continuously working on educating citizens about proper dental and gum care.
Academic work.
He was the head of the central laboratory of the Belgrade Faculty of Stomatology between 1983 and 1987. He was the chief of the parodontology and oral medication section at the faculty between 1989 and 1993, after which he was the manager of the Faculty of Stomatology’s parodontology and oral medicine clinic between 1993 and 2000.
Research.
He was the chief researcher on 6 scientific projects, and is now:
An associate on the Serbian Ministry of Science and Technology project titled “THE ETIOLOGY, RISK FACTORS AND THERAPY OF DISEASES OF THE PARODONTIUM” no. 1552 
The head of the project dubbed "REGENERATIVE TREATMENT OF PROGRESSIVE PERIODONTITIS USING DIFFERENT ALOPLASTIC MATERIALS," on which he is working together with colleagues from Germany, Canada and the US. 
He was made honorary doctor of sciences at the University of Yerevan’s Medical School in 1995.
PhD Obrad Zelic is a major innovator in the introduction of new healing preparations. He is the maker of a patent for the new anti-septic solution for healing the inflammation of the mouth cavity and gullet – Ozosept (1993) and Ozosept-Gel (1999). The Ozosept solution (patent no. P-252/1993, registration no. 48539/1998) has become part of everyday clinical and ambulance practice in our country and most countries of this region.
He headed (1989–2001) the design of and pre-clinical and clinical studies on the production of the first artificial bone made in Serbia (Aldovit-1).
1
Patents.
THE INVENTION OF OZOSEPT – A SOLUTION FOR MOUTH AND THROAT RINSING
Inventor: Professor PhD Obrad Zelic. The invention was patented in 1993, under the number P-252/93. The Federal Intellectual Property Bureau accepted the request for the patent’s acknowledging on July 1, 1998, which was publicated in the Intellectual Property Journal, no. 3/98. The invention was registered in the Patent Register, under the number: 48538. It is produced by the Belgrade-based company Pharmanova.
INVENTION OZOSEPT-GEL – A GEL FOR SOOTHING THE INFLAMMATION OF THE MUCOUS MEMBRANE 
Inventor: Professor PhD Obrad Zelic. The invention was registered in the Patent Register, under the number: 130902. Trial production has been launched (Pharmanova, Belgrade).
INVENTION OZOMET – CONCENTRATED GEL FOR THE TREATMENT OF ULCERONECROTIC PROCESSES 
Inventor: Professor PhD Obrad Zelic. Patenting is in progress.
Awards.
Professor Zelic has won several awards for his achievements in science and innovation, and we would particularly like to point out the Tesla – Pupin gold medal for innovation (no. 006 – 2002). He also won the annual Serbian Medical Society award for scientific and research work in 2003. He is a member of numerous international scientific associations (FDI, IADR, ADI, BSS, etc.). He became an extraordinary member of the Serbian Medical Society’s Academy of Medical Sciences in 1998, and a full member in 2006.
Contribution.
Apart from demanding scientific, health care and educational work, Obrad Zelic has also shown great initiative in humanitarian activities. In 1990, he founded the Serbian branch of the Kiwanis club, one of the most important charity organizations in the world, and is also active in other similar associations – in campaigns aimed at helping children, the sick and the people who have suffered the horrors of war. He was the president of the Kiwanis club in Belgrade in 1999 and 2000.
Lectures.
Several tens of lectures in Serbia, the former Yugoslav republics and abroad (Russia, Armenia, Greece, Germany, Canada, Hungary, Switzerland, Israel, Mexico).

</doc>
<doc id="19356956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356956" title="Viktor Kupreichik">
Viktor Kupreichik

Viktor Davidovich Kupreichik (born 3 July 1949) is a Belarusian chess master.
At the beginning of his career, he won individual gold medal at Ybbs 1968 (the 15th World Student Team Chess Championship).
He was twice the winner of the Belarusian Chess Championship in 1972 and 2003. He also placed first at Wijk aan Zee (Masters' tournament) 1977, Kirovakan 1978 (jointly), Reykjavik 1980, Plovdiv 1980, Medina del Campo 1980, and Hastings International Chess Congress in 1981/82.
A player of real fighting chess, he would often lead tournaments in the early stages and then run out of stamina and lose heavily in the last few rounds; for example, at each of the Soviet Championships of 1979 and 1980, he won 5 consecutive games, but only finished 6th on both occasions. In 2010, he won the European Seniors’ Rapid Championship.
In 1980, he was awarded the Grandmaster title.

</doc>
<doc id="19356961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356961" title="Malai Malai">
Malai Malai

Malai Malai is a 2009 Tamil language film, starring Arun Vijay and Vedhika in the lead roles. Prabhu and Prakash Raj also have significant roles in the film. The film released on 31 July 2009 and turned out to be a surprise hit at the box office.
Plot.
Palani Vel (Prabhu) and Vetri Vel (Arun Vijay) are two brothers who eke out a living as a farmer and a mini van driver respectively in a village on the foothills of Palani temple. They are inseparable and they fight, sing and booze together and when Vetri falls in love with a city based RJ Anjali (Vedika) who is on a visit to Palani, he finds another girl Lakshmi (Kasturi) to romance his brother.
Meanwhile the village simpleton Vetri goes to Chennai in search of a job and in search of his lady love. He gets a job as a driver in a courier company which also employs people like Vimala Hassan (Santhanam) a crazy fan of Kamal Hassan. Enter the villain Essakki (Prakash Raj) a dreaded don who controls Saidapet area of the city, and soon locks horns with Vetri. The rest of the story moves along predictable lines before the steamy sentimental action packed climax.
Production.
Casting.
Pooja Umashankar walked out of the film due to the film's long delay to start. instead Vedhika was selected. Kasthuri was selected to play an important role making her comeback to Tamil cinema.
Filming.
Actor Arun Vijay and the cinematographers were arrested by the Thai army when the shoot was on for this film at Ko Man Islands near Pattaya City, It was only when the location manager and the producer explained the story to concerned officials that those arrested were been released, The shooting came to a halt until the crew were been released. The shooting of the film took place in Langavi Islands in Malaysia. Arun Vijay, Choreographer and Vedhika went as a team to the island for shooting. The shooting took place for a long time and by the time crew left it became dark and they missed the way and stranded in the mid sea for more than 2 hours but luckily they were saved. Set of the temple town Palani has been erected at Sriperambadhur for shooting of the film, Since the story of the film happens in Palani, set of the temple including market place, shops and streets have been erected in Sriperambadhur for 50 lakhs. A fight sequence featuring Arun Vijay clashing with the villains has been shot under the guidance of the stunt master Kanal Kannan. Scenes featuring Vedhika is also being shot here. Four cameras are being used for the shooting at this spot. Mumtaj was said to be appearing in an item number which proved false. During the shooting, the makers did a charity work to underprivileged rural areas. These donations have been used to provide adequate number of Ambulance facility to the villages of Ramanadhapuram, Pattukottai, Dindugal. Shooting for the climax has been on at Binny Mills and whilst acting out a stunt sequence involving jumping over the camera, Arun Vijay hurt his rib cage and arm. Luckily, the injuries weren't major and the actor went about shooting the scenes after rest for a couple of hours.
Soundtrack.
Soundtrack is composed by Mani Sharma. The audio was launched by Suriya in 2009. 
Release.
The satellite rights of the film were bagged by Kalaignar TV. The film was given a "U" certificate by the Indian Censor Board.
Reception.
The film was officially announced as a hit by the reports given by top ten movies in kalaignar TV and other websites .It ran successfully for more than 100 days.
Reviews.
Kollywood today wrote: "There’s nothing exceptional you will be witnessing with Malai Malai". Oneindia wrote: "Director Venkatesh uses all his usual techniques to entertain the viewers. The techniques he has applied may be old but guaranteed for a 2 hours 30 minutes entertainment". Sify wrote: "a typical mass masala movie with all essential ingredients". Nowrunning wrote: "Malai Malai an out-and-out Arun Vijay movie". Behindwoods wrote: "Scenes and narration are the same old run-of-the-mill types but for Prabhu’s and Prakash Raj’s friendship. Director had attempted to give something different but his efforts fall flat".
The success of "Malai Malai", prompted the producers of his long-delayed film "Thunichal" to use his newfound publicity to launch their own film. Arun Vijay, worried that the move could hamper his new-found image at the box office, lodged a complaint with the Nadigar Sangam, alleging that the producers of Thunichal were attempting to release the film without his voice. Soon after, he retracted his statements and refuted that the film would not damage his reputation.
After Malai Malai, the crew of previous film re-united with "Maanja Velu" which is a remake of Telugu film "Lakshyam".

</doc>
<doc id="19356963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356963" title="Angel cake">
Angel cake

Angel cake is a type of layer cake that originated in the United Kingdom. It consists of two or three layers of sweet sponge cake, often coloured white, pink and yellow with a thin layer of white cream. It is traditionally sold in long bars or small slices.
The cake has won many awards, most notably 'English Cake of the Year' in 1986. The largest recorded Angel cake was 1 metre long and 50 centimetres wide, and was baked in the English town of Bakewell.

</doc>
<doc id="19356969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356969" title="Wrap Up">
Wrap Up

Wrap Up () is a 2007 comedy film directed and written by Ramón Costafreda.

</doc>
<doc id="19356970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356970" title="Codville Rogers">
Codville Rogers

Codville Leon Rogers (4 July 1976– ) is a West Indian cricketer from Sandy Point, St. Kitts. A left–hand batsman, Rogers played three first–class matches for St. Kitts and the Leeward Islands from 2003 to 2007.
Career.
Rogers played hist first match on 19 February 2004 against Jamaica, in Nain. Batting at number two, Rogers made a duck and nine. His next matches were both List–A cricket against Trinidad and Tobago on 25 January 2007, where he scored 50 on his List–A debut, and Guyana, where he scored four. On 28 January, Rogers played a first–class match against Guyana, scoring 26 and 49.
Rogers then faced the Windward Islands in a first–class match on 5 February 2007, scoring another duck and two. He ended his second season of first–class cricket with 77 runs at 19.25 and a career best 49. Rogers' last appearance in domestic cricket game on 30 January 2008 in the Stanford Twenty20. Here, he faced the United States Virgin Islands, scoring 13 runs from nine balls before being bowled.

</doc>
<doc id="19356976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19356976" title="Fred Harrison (author)">
Fred Harrison (author)

Fred Harrison (born 1944) is a British author, economic commentator and corporate policy advisor, notable for his stances on land reform and belief that an over reliance on land, property and mortgage weakens economic structures and makes companies vulnerable to economic collapse. He is acknowledged as having predicted the 2008 subprime mortgage crisis, laying it out in his books as early as 1997.
Early life.
He was born in Cyprus and educated in England, Germany and Singapore. After studying at Ruskin College, Oxford he graduated from University College Oxford with a BA (Hons) and read for his MSc at University of London. Harrison lives in London with his wife, Rita. They have one daughter, Nina Harrison.
Career in Journalism.
Fred Harrison's first career was in newspaper journalism, working at papers such as the "Wellington Journal" and "Shrewsbury News", in Shropshire. After a stint in news agencies, he moved to "The Camberley News" as sub-editor, working there for a year before moving to "The People" newspaper, where he became chief reporter.
Most of his stories involved investigating criminal and anti-social behaviour, such as stories about speedway riders buying championship titles, but his most famous and intricate assignment was a long campaign of reports, interviews and interaction with police to convince them to reopen the case on the serial child killings that were called the Moors murders. Due to his efforts, and the cooperation of one of the perpetrators, he was successful in having other disappearances checked which led to the recovery of an additional body.
Beginnings in Economics.
Harrison was appointed Director of a London think-tank, the Centre for Incentive Taxation, in 1987, as his theories on economic incentives and their relationship to the economy as a whole developed. He also wrote a series of books at this time covering economic theory.
Economic Advisor to Russia.
With the fall of the USSR, Fred Harrison took an opportunity to work with the Russian government in developing economic policy. He spent 10 years in Russia advising their Federal Parliament (Duma) and local authorities on property tax reform and establishment of land markets. He conducted long-range economic studies, attempting to steer economic policy towards investment in schools, science and healthcare. He was the organizer of the Duma's Land Policy Congress and conducted several hearings and studies commissioned by a wide range of Russian authorities. In 2002 he ended his work in Russia when it became apparent that the trend of investment from resource rents was not into the ventures he had recommended but instead into what he termed conspicuous consumption, such as buying western real estate and football clubs. He wrote "The Silver Bullet" as a response to his disaffection for the choices of the Russian Duma on these and other issues.
Economist, media figure, and author.
Harrison is inspired by the writings of American political economist, Henry George.
After his sojourn in Russia, he returned to his work in England. He had already become the Research Director of the Land Research Trust, London, in 1998 and worked as a corporate business advisor, as well as giving lectures on property and tax policy. He has been widely acclaimed as the only commentator to get the timing of the 2007 recession correct. Notably, he warned Gordon Brown as far back as 1997 that the UK economy would hit the peak of the cycle in 2007 – and turn down into a depression in 2010. Since then, his main focus in both writing and lecturing has been to warn of what he considers to be the dangers of using land and real estate as the primary drivers of economic growth. His work links economic policy to social reform. Harrison's macro-economic analysis is based on the theory that business conforms to a pattern of 18-year cycles, determined by the unique characteristics of the land market. According to Harrison, economists erroneously "assume that the health of the property market depends upon the condition of the rest of the economy. In fact ... property is the key factor that shapes the business cycle, not the other way around."
In 2009, Dirk Bezemer, a Professor of Economics at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands, pointed out that Fred Harrison was the first and earliest economist to have predicted the global financial crisis, as far back as 1997, well before other economists such as Steve Keen, Robert Shiller, Peter Schiff, or Nouriel Roubini.
In the media.
Harrison has been very active in the UK media, with dozens of newspaper and magazine articles, and many TV and radio interviews. Since 2005, several commentators have agreed that his predictions have consistently proved correct. As an example, in 2005 there was an almost unanimous view that the rise in house prices would moderate and that any talk of a "housing bubble" was both premature and indicated a false understanding of debt economics. Harrison warned that there would be a two-year explosive growth in prices and property speculation before the market imploded in the winter of 2007/08 with heavy damage to the financial markets. As shown by the 2008 subprime mortgage crisis, he was essentially correct on all points. His prediction that the problems with debt economics and scaling would contribute to a worldwide economic collapse in 2010 has not, as of mid-2009, been fully borne out, but there has been a major recession as a result of the mortgage crisis.
Both in the UK and worldwide, until 2008 most media commentators and economic theorists dubbed him the 'Prophet of Doom' and his pragmatic approach was rebuffed in favour of mainstream assertions that the "new economy" was destined to sustain growth. Some niche media outlets agreed with his thesis and continued to publish his work. His books are widely distributed. With the collapse of the US and UK banks in 2008, some elements of the media began to reconsider his ideas, and he is now engaged primarily in making documentaries to explain and quantify his theories. Harrison founded and runs the YouTube Channel 'Geophilos' which hosts many of his documentaries http://www.youtube.com/user/geophilos

</doc>
<doc id="19357000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357000" title="Charles H. Lindsey">
Charles H. Lindsey

Charles Hodgson Lindsey is a British computer scientist, most known for his involvement with the programming language Algol 68.
He was an editor of the "Revised Report on Algol 68", and co-wrote a ground breaking book on the language "An Informal Introduction to Algol 68" ISBN 0-7204-0726-5, which was unusual because it was written so that you could read it 'horizontally' (i.e. in the normal manner) or 'vertically' (i.e. starting with section 1.1, then 2.1, then 3.1, etc., before going back to section 1.2, then 2.2, and so on) depending on how you wanted to learn the language.
He was responsible for the research implementation of Algol 68 for the experimental MU5 computer at Manchester University, and still maintains an implementation of a subset called Algol 68S.
He wrote up the complete History of ALGOL 68 in
Lindsey, C.H., "A History of ALGOL 68", contained in "History of Programming Languages-II" (Eds T.J.Bergin & R.G.Gibson), ACM Press, 1996, ISBN 0-201-89502-1.
He is part of the team restoring Hartree's Differential Analyser at Manchester Museum of Science and Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="19357020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357020" title="Born–Landé equation">
Born–Landé equation

The Born–Landé equation is a means of calculating the lattice energy of a crystalline ionic compound. In 1918 Max Born and Alfred Landé proposed that the lattice energy could be derived from the electrostatic potential of the ionic lattice and a repulsive potential energy term.
where:
Derivation.
The ionic lattice is modeled as an assembly of hard elastic spheres which are compressed together by the mutual attraction of the electrostatic charges on the ions. They achieve the observed equilibrium distance apart due to a balancing short range repulsion.
Electrostatic potential.
The electrostatic potential, formula_2, between a pair of ions of equal and opposite charge is:
where
For a simple lattice consisting ions with equal and opposite charge in a 1:1 ratio, interactions between one ion and all other lattice ions need to be summed to calculate formula_9, sometimes called the Madelung or lattice energy:
where
Repulsive term.
Born and Lande suggested that a repulsive interaction between the lattice ions would be proportional to formula_13 so that the repulsive energy term, formula_14, would be expressed:
where
Total energy.
The total intensive potential energy of an ion in the lattice can therefore be expressed as the sum of the Madelung and repulsive potentials:
Minimizing this energy with respect to formula_8 yields the equilibrium separation formula_21 in terms of the unknown constant formula_16:
Evaluating the minimum intensive potential energy and substituting the expression for formula_16 in terms of formula_21 yields the Born–Landé equation:
Calculated lattice energies.
The Born–Landé equation gives a reasonable fit to the lattice energy 

</doc>
<doc id="19357047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357047" title="Functional Testing (manufacturing)">
Functional Testing (manufacturing)

FCT refers to functional test. The functional test is typically performed in the last phase of the production line of a product, as a final quality control. FCT are performed to ensure that the device under test (DUT) fulfills its functional specifications.
FCT consists in emulating or simulating the operational environment of the product in order to check its correct functionality. The environment includes, as an example, any device that communicates with the DUT, the power supply of the DUT, loads necessary to make the DUT work properly...
Instead of In-circuit test the FCT is not using testpoints on the PCB, but the customer specific connectors for the functional test.
Test software is the one that allows production line operators perform the functional test in an automatic way through a computer. To do this, the software communicates with external programmable instruments as Digital MultiMeter, I/O boards, communication ports... The software in conjunction with the test fixture that interfaces the instruments with the DUT, make possible to perform a FCT.

</doc>
