<doc id="19357053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357053" title="Betty Hill (civil rights leader)">
Betty Hill (civil rights leader)

Betty Hill (1876–1960) was an early 20th-century civil rights and women’s rights leader. Her efforts were significant in making certain that segregation and racial discrimination were unable to gain a foothold in Southern California as it did in the South.
Early life.
Betty Hill was born Rebecca Jane Lapsley around 1876 in Nashville, Tennessee. Her father built the first school for African Americans in Davidson County, Tennessee. It is believed that her grandfather purchased his wife out of slavery. She attended her father’s school and later attended public school in Nashville. She studied religion at Roger Williams University, an all-black institution in Nashville that was founded in 1866. It originally opened as a college for ex-slaves, and one of its founders was her (probable) uncle Daniel L. Lapsley, an attorney and justice of the peace who was forced to leave the state due to racial persecution. Roger Williams University was closed in 1905, reopened in 1909, and merged with LeMoyne-Owen College in Memphis in 1927.
By 1898 she was married to a Buffalo soldier, also from Nashville, named Abraham Houston Hill, a sergeant in Company B of the 24th Infantry Regiment. At that time he was stationed in Oklahoma, but soon took part in the Spanish-American War. After a brief return to the United States he took part in the Philippine–American War of 1902. His wife, Betty went with him. In 1905, Sgt. Hill was noted as a distinguished marksman and expert rifleman who made the top score at the infantrymen’s competition for the United States Army, and his skill was reported in newspapers across the country.
Later, after the retirement of their mutual friend Lt. Col. Allen Allensworth, the chaplain of the 24th Infantry, she reportedly briefly took over chaplain duties until a new chaplain was assigned for duty. If so, it is uncertain when exactly this was. Lt. Col. Allensworth retired from the Army on April 7, 1906, and his replacement, Rev. Washington E. Gladden of Denver, took over chaplain duties in early May, but Allensworth was reported to have been relieved from duty with his regiment and forced to retire on July 1, 1905. According to Claude Hudson, a long-time president of the Los Angeles NAACP, she held this role for a period of about nine months.
In 1908 the couple was living at Madison Barracks, in Jefferson County, New York. Sgt. Hill retired from the Army in 1913 and the couple moved to Los Angeles, where Lt. Col. Allensworth retired to in 1905. The Hills chose a modest home at 1655 W. 37th Place in Los Angeles, near the intersection of Exposition Blvd. and Western Ave., in the West Jefferson District. It is less than a mile and half from the University of Southern California (USC) and Exposition Park. (Today the house and homesite are listed as a
Los Angeles Cultural Monument.)
Meanwhile Col. Allensworth participated in the formation of the historically black town of Allensworth in Tulare County, in central California. Many of the earliest residents of the town of Allensworth were retired members of the 24th Infantry. The Hills were among those who purchased land in Allensworth. Today the land is used for growing crops.
Life in Los Angeles.
After moving to Los Angeles, Mrs. Hill quickly became involved in a local church and taught Sunday school. She also became a political activist. Although she greatly respected Booker T. Washington and his emphasis on self-reliance, she also supported the move to political action promoted by W. E. B. Du Bois. In 1913, Dr. John Somerville (who, along with his wife Vada, were the first two black graduates of the University of Southern California School of Dentistry) wrote a letter to the headquarters of the NAACP in New York saying that there was great interest in starting a chapter in Los Angeles. One of those mentioned was Rebecca Hill. The Los Angeles branch was founded in the home of the Somervilles the following year. The founders were the Somervilles, E. Burton Ceruti, Charles Alexander, John Shackelford, Betty Hill, Rev. Joseph Johnson, W. T. Cleghorn, and Dr. Charles Edward Block. Dr. Block became its first president and Ceruti, its legal advisor.
On September 14, 1928, the Somervilles opened the Hotel Somerville on 4225 S. Central Ave. It was built to accept black visitors since other hotels in Los Angeles did not. Abraham Hill served on the advisory board when stock was issued on the hotel. Betty Hill was in attendance at its grand opening, which attracted about 5000 people. After the 1929 stock market crash it was sold and renamed the Dunbar Hotel (after poet Paul L. Dunbar). It was the site for the first NAACP convention in the western United States. Next to the Dunbar Hotel laid the famous Club Alabam, originally the Club Apex and founded by musician Curtis Mosby. Performers, which not only included world famous musicians but actors and sports figures, stayed at the Dunbar while they visited the Club Alabam.
In 1920, Betty Hill helped form the Westside Homeowner’s Association to fight acts of bigotry and self-protection. Later she would use her position in this association to create a major victory in her battle for equal rights in Los Angeles. After the Los Angeles Playground Commission initiated a policy of discriminating against African Americans, Hill went into action. The Playground Commission created a policy where African Americans could only use the new city swimming pool in Exposition Park on "colored" days. Determined to win through persistence, she went to court and in 1931 Judge Walter S. Gates ruled against the racist policy. When the City Council was on the verge of appealing Judge Gates’ decision, Betty Hill lobbied each city councilperson individually until the time for an appeal ran out. This became known as the infamous "swimming pool case."
On November 28, 1929, Hill founded the Women’s Republican Study Club. Political study clubs were fairly common for middle and upper class white women during the early 20th century, but this was the first of its kind for black women in California. Political study clubs existed since the late 19th century, growing in prominence as the passage of the twentieth amendment neared. Mrs. George Bass began Democratic study clubs in 1919, and the Republicans quickly followed suite. Jeanette Carter (1886–1964), a Washington DC attorney, founded the first Republican study club for women, called the Women’s Republican National Political Study Club in 1923. Carter published two magazines in support of the club’s positions, The Political Recorder in 1925, which was supplanted by her The Women’s Voice in 1939. Carter’s club faltered by 1940.
Betty Hill’s Women’s Republican Study Club was, as Catherine Rymph writes, "one of the more vocal clubs." It not only sought to promote African Americans and fight racial discrimination, it also fought against the New Deal and policies that were seen as collectivist and advanced the cause of the Republican Party. Being a realist, however, after the mass migration of African Americans from the Republican to the Democratic Party in the 1930s, she changed the name to the Women’s Political Study Club.
During her 1945 visit to Washington, D.C., she was appalled by the racial conditions that existed in the capital city of the United States. This was toward the end of World War II, after her friend Charlotta Bass and others had led the Double V campaign to end racial segregation in the military and at home. In response to what she saw, she composed a bill to end racial discrimination in the nation’s capital. Bill 5629 was sent to Congressman Gordon McDonough on February 28, 1946, who submitted it. It never made it to a committee and died. However, through Mrs. Hill’s Women’s Political Study Club, she was selected to go to Washington in person as an envoy to present President Harry S. Truman with a resolution condemning bias in the Capital. The resolution, signed by whites and African Americans, not only called for an end to bias in Washington but pointed out that many foreign diplomats leave the country with an impression that discrimination is government policy.
Seeking support from what she believed were allies in the same cause, in September 1946 Hill sent a copy of the resolution to the president of the California Council of Republican Women, Barbara Whittiker. Unsure what to do, she consulted an advisor who said, "Leave it to Betty Hill to bring up with some headache." Hill’s resolution was never brought up for discussion and the matter was dropped.
Many of her efforts are responsible for the elimination of the Jim Crow dining room at Los Angeles General Hospital, securing the placement of the first Black Intern there, the first Black in the Department of History, and the first resident physician of internal medicine at Los Angeles General Hospital; the first Black instructor in the Riverside public school system; and the first Black in the Los Angeles County Department of Charities, Collection Department, the first black deputy sheriff, and the first black on the County Board of Morticians.
Although officially President Franklin D. Roosevelt ended racial discrimination in the military, it still existed at that time. When the military refused to bring back World War II fighter pilot Captain William R. Melton to active duty, Betty Hill, the WPSC, and California Congressman Gordon L. McDonough went to work and got results. On February 6, 1949, Captain Melton received his orders to report to duty.
Mrs. Hill encouraged furthering the education of young people. Afternoon tea parties raised money and facilitated funding scholarships for students to further their education. Some of these tea parties were given by the WPSC. However, a number of these scholarships were given through her active participation and as a supporter in Zeta Phi Beta sorority.
Betty Hill was a founding member of the Los Angeles branch of the, National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) which was formed in 1913. She served as a Vice President for over 12 years. Beyond her activities with the NAACP and the WPSC, she helped initiate the Urban League's Los Angeles chapter; was a Republican State Central Committeewoman of Southern California, 63rd District; was active with the Eastside Settlement House, and the National Council of Women; was the first chairperson of Girls Reserve of the YWCA, 12th Street Branch; the Vice-President of the Organization of National Defense, West Coast; and was also a delegate to the 1940 Republican National Convention in Philadelphia, (the first African American female west of the Rockies to serve as a delegate).
Mrs. Hill was probably the first African American to run a political campaign. In 1932 Senator Samuel M. Shortridge, the state's junior senator (the senior senator was Hiram Johnson), ran an uphill battle for re-election. After he supported a federal judgeship for a judge unpopular in Black America, Senator Shortridge lost a great deal of support among California's African American community. In a desperate move he asked Hill to manage his bid for re-election. She was never able to find sufficient support and he lost his seat in the Republican primary. Despite his loss, the fact that Shortridge chose Betty Hill is an indication of her power and influence. Additionally, it was a huge risk for a white senator to ask an African American woman to run a campaign while America was still in the throes of Jim Crow. (The next African American woman to manage the campaign of a major white politician was not until 2000, when Donna Brazile became Vice President Al Gore's campaign manager.)
Legacy.
On May 16, 1980, with the support of Councilman Robert Farrell, the Denker Building at the Denker Senior Citizen Center was renamed the Betty Hill building in her honor. Then on June 6, 1980, the Denker Senior Citizen Center was renamed the Betty Hill Senior Citizen Center. Located at 3570 S. Denker Ave., Los Angeles, it is less than a mile from her house on 37th Place. On April 13, 2005, after a vote of 12-0 before the Los Angeles City Council, and through the efforts of her great-grandniece, Betty Hill’s home at 1655 West 37th Place was designated Los Angeles Cultural Monument number 791 (see List of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments in South Los Angeles).

</doc>
<doc id="19357074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357074" title="Martinsville, Virginia micropolitan area">
Martinsville, Virginia micropolitan area

The Martinsville Micropolitan Statistical Area is a United States Micropolitan Statistical Area (μSA) in Virginia, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) as of June, 2003. As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 73,346 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 69,523).
Components.
"Note: Since a state constitutional change in 1871, all cities in Virginia are independent cities that are not located in any county. The OMB considers these independent cities to be county-equivalents for the purpose of defining μSAs in Virginia."
One county and one independent city are included in the Martinsville Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 73,346 people, 30,408 households, and 20,974 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 70.43% White, 26.74% African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.41% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 1.24% from other races, and 0.90% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 3.22% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $29,629 and the median income for a family was $36,985. Males had a median income of $27,595 versus $21,067 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $17,181.

</doc>
<doc id="19357077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357077" title="National Offshore Petroleum Safety Authority">
National Offshore Petroleum Safety Authority

The National Offshore Petroleum Safety Authority (NOPSA) was the occupational health and safety (OHS) regulator for the Australian offshore petroleum industry between 2005 and 2011. The role of regulator has been transferred to NOPSEMA - the National Offshore Petroleum Safety and Environmental Management Authority from the first of January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19357110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357110" title="Gerry Harris">
Gerry Harris

Gerald William Harris (born 8 October 1935) is an English former professional footballer. He spent the majority of his league career with Wolverhampton Wanderers, winning two league championships and the FA Cup.
Career.
Harris was signed up by Wolves as an amateur, after an unsuccessful trial at West Bromwich Albion in 1953. He turned pro in January 1954 but spent a few seasons in the reserves before finally making his senior debut on 29 August 1956 in a 5–4 win over Luton Town.
He initially only found himself in the team to cover for the then-injured Bill Shorthouse, but made the position his own. He was a virtual ever-present over the period 1956–1961, which saw the club win two successive league championships - missing out on a third by a single point - and the 1960 FA Cup. He also appeared in every European Cup game in the club's history.
The emergence of Bobby Thomson in 1962 though, pushed Harris out of the first team and he was again consigned to reserve team football over the next few seasons. He returned to contention in the 1964–65 campaign which ended in relegation. He played just twice more for the club after the drop, before moving to neighbours Walsall in 1966, after a total of 270 appearances for Wolves. However, injury curtailed his career with the "Saddlers" after just 12 months.

</doc>
<doc id="19357115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357115" title="One Fathom Bank Lighthouse">
One Fathom Bank Lighthouse

The One Fathom Bank Lighthouse ( or ) refers to two offshore lighthouses in the Strait of Malacca, specifically, on a shoal within Malaysian waters, dubbed One Fathom Bank (Permatang Sedepa), off the coast of the state of Selangor.
The One Fathom Bank station originally consisted of a single screw-pile lighthouse that has been replaced twice over the course of its 147 years in service, but saw the addition of a newer, larger counterpart close by that superseded duties of the older lighthouse in 1999. The lighthouses have since been referred to as the "old" One Fathom Bank Lighthouse and the "new" One Fathom Bank Lighthouse; the old One Fathom Bank Lighthouse is retained but is currently inactive.
As neither lighthouse is located on any body of dry land, both locations are only accessible by boat. While both sites of the lighthouses are open, their towers remain off-limits.
History.
First reported during the mid-19th century by John Turnbull Thomson, a hydrographic surveyor, One Fathom Bank is a shoal located in the Strait of Malacca, between North Sands and South Sands, southwest from the Klang Delta in Selangor. The sandbank had apparently emerged during low tide, with water depths of less than two and a half fathoms (4.6 m).
The solidity of One Fathom Bank encouraged the British to build a lighthouse at the site in 1852 to prevent ships from running aground on the notoriously dangerous shoal, and to provide other navigational needs. The first lighthouse was later replaced by a screw-pile lighthouse in 1874, followed by a third iteration in 1907, a concrete-pile lighthouse that was completed at the cost of £246,963.31 and remains standing to date.
The third lighthouse remained operational until the completion of a fourth lighthouse in 1999, which was erected parallel to the old lighthouse some away at a cost of RM18 million to provide greater security. While the older lighthouse has been deactivated and abandoned, efforts were made by the Department of Marine and related authorities, such as the Department of Public Works and the then Department of Museums and Antiquities, to restore it in 2004 and 2005 due to its historical and architectural value. After the founding of Port Swettenham (Port Klang) in 1893, both lighthouses also acted as a beacon on the approach to the port.
Design.
Old lighthouse.
The present "old" One Fathom Bank Lighthouse is essentially a high concrete-pile lighthouse. Built on a circular-like arrangement of piles, the lighthouse is generally designed as an octagonal structure: Both the two storey keeper's house standing on the piles and the skeletal cast iron tower above that houses and supports the lantern, gallery, and watchroom are octagonal; the tower supporting the lantern tapers towards the top. The lighthouse tower was also painted with red and white horizontal bands, which has since faded and repainted white.
New lighthouse.
The newer, modernised One Fathom Bank Lighthouse was constructed in 1999 with the intended purpose of accommodating better equipment, but is similarly based on pilings. At , the new lighthouse dwarfs the old lighthouse, and contains more space and an additional concrete jetty to support larger sea vessels.
The lighthouse consists of a round cylindrical steel tower, similarly painted with red and white horizontal bands, rising from the centre of a dome-shaped equipment shelter and supporting the lantern and triple gallery; the dome is further mounted on a circular platform supported by the pilings. The roof is made from high-quality polycarbonate and polished metal.

</doc>
<doc id="19357117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357117" title="Avraham Lanir">
Avraham Lanir

Avraham "Avi" Lanir (January 25, 1940 – October 1973) was a Lieutenant Colonel in the Israel Air Force. He was the highest ranking Israeli fighter pilot to fall into enemy hands. He was tortured to death by his Syrian captors.
Biography.
Avraham Lankin (later Lanir) was born in 1940 in Herzliya. His parents Yaacov and Malka were active members in the British Mandate era militant group Etzel. His father went on to become a senior member of the Shin Bet. His uncle, Eliyahu Lankin, was the commander of the weapons ship "Altelena". Lanir studied at several schools, with the family following his father's employment relocations throughout Israel. In 1954, the family moved to Washington, D.C. in the framework of Lanir’s fathers work in the service of the state of Israel. When Avi Lanir was 17, he returned to Israel with his family and for the year which remained before his enlistment he studied electronics at the Israeli Air Force’s technical academy. In August 1962, Lanir married Michal Barzilai. The couple had two children, Noam and Nurit.
Air force career.
Lanir enlisted in the Israel Defense Forces in 1959, training to become a fighter pilot. He flew the Dassault Mirage III with 117 Squadron and on April 6, 1967, scored his first aerial kill in a major skirmish along the Syrian border which ended with the downing of six Syrian jets. Lanir, flying Mirage 60, downed a SAF MiG-21 with cannon fire after closing in to a distance of 200 meters. The MiG exploded and Lanir flew right through the fireball, covering his aircraft with soot. Initially blinded, enough soot was eventually blown off his canopy to afford Lanir a safe landing at Ramat David. The scorched aircraft earned the nickname "Black Mirage", and Lanir flew it once again during Operation Focus on June 5, 1967, when he participated in a strike against the Egyptian air base at Fayid. The aircraft was lost 2 days later over Iraq. 
After the Six Day War Lanir converted to the Dassault Super Mystere which he flew as the senior deputy commander of 105 Squadron during the War of Attrition.
In 1965 Lanir was sent to study electrical engineering at the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology, from which he graduated in 1969. He was thereafter appointed to test pilot the "Technolog," the prototype that preceded the IAI Kfir.
In 1971, Lanir was assigned command of 101 Squadron, operating the Dassault Mirage out of Hazor. He scored his second aerial kill on November 9, 1972, downing a Syrian MiG-21 while flying Mirage 72. On October 12, 1973, a week after the Yom Kippur War began, Lanir scored his third and last aerial kill, downing a Syrian MiG-17 in the vicinity of Kuneitra while flying Mirage 58.
Capture and death.
On October 13, 1973, Lanir was scrambled for a reconnaissance mission deep in Syrian territory. Lanir was not aware of the location of the mobile missile batteries that the Syrians had placed overnight, possibly due to not attending the morning squadron briefing. During his return to Israel, Lanir was caught in a missile ambush and his Mirage was hit in the rear, forcing him to eject. The wind carried the parachuting pilot back over the border into Syrian territory and he landed in the area of Mazra'at Beit Jinn. Israeli Armor Corps soldiers witnessed him land and attempted to rescue him, but he was captured by a Syrian jeep patrol that reached him first.
Foreign press reports claimed that Lanir had information on Israel's nuclear program. According to Yuval Neeman, then Prime Minister Golda Meir delivered a message to Henry Kissinger stating that the Israeli government would be willing to relinquish the Hermon peak in return for the 28 Israeli pilots,"reference" including Lanir, held captive by the Syrians. However, Lanir was tortured to death by his interrogators.
On June 6, 1974, the Syrians returned Lanir's body. Former Israel Air Force Commander Mordechai Hod noted that Lanir had information that would have placed the existence of Israel at risk had he revealed it to the Syrians.

</doc>
<doc id="19357135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357135" title="Liquid hydrogen tanktainer">
Liquid hydrogen tanktainer

A liquid hydrogen tank-tainer also known as a liquid hydrogen tank container is a specialized type of container designed to carry cryogenic liquid hydrogen (LH2) on standard intermodal equipment. The tank is held within a box-shaped frame the same size and shape as a container.
Size and volume.
Liquid hydrogen tanktainers are referenced by their size or volume capacity, generally an ISO container.

</doc>
<doc id="19357151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357151" title="Kid Koala">
Kid Koala

Eric San (born 1974), who records under the name Kid Koala, is a Canadian DJ, turntablist, musician and an author of graphic novels. He is signed to the British record label Ninja Tune, is a member of alternative hip hop supergroup Deltron 3030, and The Slew with Dynamite D and former members of the Australian rock band Wolfmother, bassist and keyboardist Chris Ross and drummer Myles Heskett. He has also made appearances with many other artists from Amon Tobin to the Preservation Hall Jazz Band and has made contributions to Lovage, Peeping Tom, Gorillaz and numerous other projects.
Biography.
San attended Sir Winston Churchill Secondary School in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, but graduated from Thomas Sprigg Wootton High School, in Rockville, Maryland, U.S., and went on to study elementary education at McGill University, in Montreal, Quebec. He would eventually distribute copies of his demo tape "Scratchcratchratchatch" to students living in residence at McGill. He is well known for his enigmatic style of turntablism, which uses an unusual collection of samples. He has been known to use samples of music from Charlie Brown television specials, old comedy sketch routines (including those that mock turntablism), people sneezing, and people reading a menu in Cantonese. He is well known for his cheerful demeanor at concerts and having a good sense of humour.
San is also an illustrator and an artist, having designed all of his own album covers. A comic book he drew is included as the liner notes to "Carpal Tunnel Syndrome". Following the release of the album, Kid Koala toured extensively, during which time he opened for some of his favorite artists, including Radiohead and Björk.
He has also released a full length graphic novel, "Nufonia Must Fall", which includes a soundtrack CD he composed. "Some of my Best Friends are DJs" includes a chess set as part of the packaging.
This album was supported by a cabaret-style tour throughout North America, Europe and Australia known as "The Short Attention Span Theatre", which featured an unpredictable opening act—3 Djs (Kid Koala, P-Love, and DJ Jester the Filipino Fist) on 8 turntables set up like a band, and a bingo game at intermission among other tremendously quirky surprises. Following this tour Kid Koala has performed DJ sets all over Asia, as well as in Iceland, Eastern Europe, Russia, and South America whilst working on a new book (apparently about a mosquito trying to play a clarinet) and a unique puppet show set to take place in 2008.
San popularized a method of playing the turntable like a melodic instrument, where a long, single note is dragged under the needle at different speeds, creating different pitches. Since this method of adjusting pitch is imprecise, the resulting notes waver and bend. Thus, in the song "Drunk Trumpet," San uses this method with a trumpet note to simulate a drunken trumpet player, interspersing drunken vocals to complete the effect.
When playing live, San often uses one of a kind records cut with custom sounds from which he creates his own songs. 
San released the Kid Koala album, entitled "Your Mom's Favorite DJ" (ZENCD127), on 25 September 2006.
As of October 2006 San was married and had recently embarked on a 90-city tour.
In 2008 he toured as the opening performer for DJ Shadow & Cut Chemist's "The Hard Sell" tour where he ended his set with a now legendary mix of "Moon River" where he essentially creates and edits in an extended violin solo by playing various long violin notes from the song's instrumental section at different pitches on four turntables, all live.
During San Diego Comic-Con 2010, Kid Koala performed before a special free showing of the movie "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World". The next year at Comic-Con, he performed before a special premiere of the television series "".
In June 2013, his studio album "12 bit Blues" was longlisted for the 2013 Polaris Music Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19357155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357155" title="Bernard Clerfayt">
Bernard Clerfayt

Bernard Clerfayt (born 30 December 1961, in Uccle) is a Belgian politician. He has been the mayor of Schaerbeek since 2001 and is currently vice-president of the Front Démocratique des Francophones (FDF). As is common in Belgium, he holds a dual mandate and has also been a member of the federal Belgian Chamber of Representatives since 2007.
Clerfayt received a Master’s degree in economics from the Université Catholique de Louvain (UCL) in 1986 while working as a research assistant at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven's Centre for Economic Studies (Centrum voor Economische Studien). After an internship at the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C., he joined IRES (Economic Analysis Service) at UCL. He pursued his career as a research and teaching assistant. He then obtained the chair of Macroeconomics and Political Economics at UCL, at Facultés Universitaires Catholiques de Mons and at Facultés Universitaires de Lille (1984-1997).
Bernard Clerfayt joined the local section in Schaerbeek, where he had moved to, in 1985. Ten years later, he became 2nd Deputy Mayor in Schaerbeek and finally mayor in 2001. In June 1989, he was elected to the Brussels Parliament and was reelected in 1995, 1999 and 2004. He has held different posts such as Vice-president of the Brussels Regional Council and President of the Committee for Town and Country Planning and Land Policy. In 2007, Clerfayt was elected to the Belgian Chamber of Representatives and was appointed in 2008 as the Secretary of State for Finance in charge of the modernisation of the Department of Finance, green taxation and the fight against tax fraud. In 2010 he was re-elected to the federal chamber.
Clerfayt was re-elected mayor of Schaerbeek in 2012 at the head of a governing coalition of his own party with Ecolo (green party) and the CdH (Christian-democrats). He had governed with Ecolo since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19357171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357171" title="Ernst Pfeiffer">
Ernst Pfeiffer

Ernst Pfeiffer (20 December 1893, Munich - 28 May 1955, Munich) was a German entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera
He was a publisher and bookseller. Pfeiffer made numerous collecting trips to Hungary, Dalmatia, Bulgaria, and Persia. He published many scientific papers on Rhopalocera in "Mitteilungen der Münchner Entomologischen Gesellschaft" and with Osthelder edited "Lepidopteren-Fauna von Marasch in türkisch Nordsyrien" in the same journal. His collection of Palearctic and Nearctic butterflies is in the Munich zoological museum Zoologische Staatssammlung München.

</doc>
<doc id="19357172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357172" title="Adolf Piening">
Adolf Piening

Adolf Cornelius Piening (16 September 1910 in Süderende on Föhr – 15 May 1984 in Kiel) was a "Kapitänleutnant" with the "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. He commanded the Type IXC U-boat , sinking twenty-six ships on nine patrols, for a total of of Allied shipping, to become the nineteenth highest scoring U-Boat ace of World War II, and receiving the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Piening joined the "Reichsmarine" in 1930. His first assignment was to the armoured cruiser , after which he served on torpedo boats and minesweepers, reaching the rank of "Kapitänleutnant" by April 1939. In October 1940 he moved from the surface fleet to the submarine arm or "U-Bootwaffe".
In May–June 1941 he carried out a single patrol out of Saint-Nazaire aboard (commanded by Herbert Schultze) as "Kommandantenschüler" or "Commander-in-Training". Following this, he was appointed commander of the newly built Type IX submarine on 23 August 1941. After training the boat's crew for several month, Piening set out from Kiel on his first patrol in command of "U-155" in February 1942, with the intention of attacking shipping in American waters. On the journey across the Atlantic, "U-155" encountered the westbound convoy ON 67, and after sending out a contact report that allowed several more U-boats to be to directed against the convoy, carried out an attack that sank an 8,000 ton tanker and a 1,800 ton freighter. "U-155" sank another ship off the coast of the United States re-crossing the Atlantic to the submarine's new base at Lorient, as part of the 10th U-boat Flotilla.
Piening carried out a further seven patrols in command of "U-155", sinking 26 ships for a total of 140,449 GRT, including the escort carrier , and also badly damaged the attack cargo ship . He also became well known for developing the "Piening Route" in 1943, hugging the coast of France and northern Spain, to evade Allied patrol aircraft in the Bay of Biscay.
In March 1944 Piening left "U-155" and was appointed commander of the 7th U-boat Flotilla at Saint-Nazaire. In April 1945 Piening made one last patrol, laying mines off Saint-Nazaire in . Piening spent more than two years as a Prisoner of war following the end of the war.
In 1956, West Germany re-established its Navy, the "Bundesmarine", and Piening joined the new Navy. In 1959 he was appointed commanding officer of the 1. Geleitgeschwader (1st Escort Squadron). He then held the position of Planning officer on the staff of COMNAVNORCENT (Commander Allied Naval Forces North Norway) and Chief of the Operations Division on the staff of COMNAVBALTAP (Commander of Allied Forces Baltic Approaches). On 1 October 1965 he became team leader at the Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr, serving until 1969, retiring with the rank of "Kapitän zur See". He died in 1984.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of Adolf Piening is credited with the sinking of 25 ships for a total of , one warship, the HMS "Avenger", of and damaging one auxiliary warship, the USS "Almaack", of .

</doc>
<doc id="19357180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357180" title="Aeroflot Flight 821">
Aeroflot Flight 821

Aeroflot Flight 821, operated by Aeroflot-Nord in a service agreement with Aeroflot and as its subsidiary, crashed on approach to Perm Airport on 14 September 2008 at 5:10 local time (UTC+06). All 82 passengers and 6 crew members were killed. A section of the Trans-Siberian Railway was damaged by the crash.
Flight 821 is the most deadly accident involving a Boeing 737-500 to date, surpassing the 1993 crash of Asiana Airlines Flight 733.
The main reason for the crash was that both pilots had lost spatial orientation due to their lack of proficiency with the Western type of attitude indicator on the aircraft. Fatigue from lack of adequate rest, poor CRM and possible alcohol consumption by the captain also contributed to the accident.
This air disaster resulted in the rebranding of Aeroflot-Nord into Nordavia, effective on 1 December 2009.
Accident.
The Boeing 737-505, registration VP-BKO, an aircraft belonging to the Aeroflot subsidiary Aeroflot-Nord but operating as Aeroflot flight SU821 from Moscow's Sheremetyevo International Airport to Perm (Russia) crashed into a railway line southwest of Perm 5:10 AM local time (or 13 September 2008, 23:10 PM UTC). The weather at the time of accident was rainy and foggy (unbroken clouds at 240 m, light rain). City police said the crew attempted emergency landing due to an engine failure.
According to an interview given by the air traffic controller shortly after the disaster, the crew did not respond correctly to ATC commands: after going around, it turned eastward instead of turning westward. However, the crew reported no emergency onboard and confirmed all commands given by ATC. At 5:10 AM, radio contact with the plane was lost; minutes later it crashed in the outskirts of Perm.
Aeroflot-Nord officially stated that: "The Boeing-737 carried 82 passengers on board — including 7 children — and 6 crew... All passengers were killed. As the plane was coming in for landing, it lost communication at the height of and air controllers lost its blip. The airplane was found within Perm's city limits completely destroyed and on fire." Investigator Vladimir Markin said that "there were 82 passengers plus a baby and 5 crew on board, and by preliminary information, they are all dead as the airplane fell into a ravine near the city limits." RIA Novosti however reported that "it was possible that 3 people who bought a ticket for the ill-fated flight 821 to Perm did not get on board." 
Both flight recorders were found and successfully decoded. The airline stated "it pledged to pay compensation on obligatory accident insurance in full, which would make up to 2 million rubles per victim." The crash damaged and shut down a section of the Trans-Siberian Railway; rail traffic was temporarily re-routed via Chusovaya station, and was restored by the evening of 14 September. The aircraft was leased by Aeroflot-Nord from Dublin-based Pinewatch Limited from July 2008 to March 2013.
It was reported that its engines caught fire at an altitude of . Eyewitness reports stated that the plane was visibly on fire prior to crashing, and hit the ground at a 30–40 degree angle. However, the low clouds (at 240 m) must have prevented any witnesses from seeing the plane for more than a few seconds and the report was subsequently discounted by the accident enquiry (see below).
The final enquiry report stated that "after the base turn, approaching the landing course at 600 m with both autopilot and autothrottle disengaged, the aircraft started climbing up to 1300 m, rolled 360° over the left wing and collided with the ground".
The aircraft involved in the crash was delivered on 8 September 1992 to Braathens, and was operated by China Southwest Airlines subsidiary Xiamen Airlines from September 1992 to March 1993. The 737 was then operated by China Southwest Airlines itself until the airline merged with Air China, who operated the aircraft from March 2003 until it was stored in March 2008. Aeroflot-Nord leased the aircraft from Pinewatch Limited, and had operated it since 29 May 2008. Pinewatch was incorporated in 1995.
Investigation.
Russia's Air Accident Investigation Commission of the Interstate Aviation Committee led the investigation, with US assistance from the National Transportation Safety Board, the Federal Aviation Authority, and Boeing. As the aircraft was registered in Bermuda, that government was represented by the UK's Air Accident Investigation Branch, with senior two inspectors sent to participate under the Memorandum of Agreement. The AIIB team had representatives from the Bermudian Department of Civil Aviation as advisors. The engines were made in France, so that state was represented by the "Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la sécurité de l'Aviation Civile" (BEA).
According to the data in flight recorders, the engines did not catch fire and continued working until the impact. The latest official reports are published in Russian on the Air Accident Investigation Commission website. An English translation of the final report is available at the United Kingdom Air Accidents Investigation Branch website; the AAIB states that it is not an official English translation.
The final investigation report stated the following reasons for the crash:
Lawsuit.
On 1 October 2008, the mother of a 27-year-old female passenger who died in the accident sued Aeroflot and Moskva Insurance Company for 7.7 million rubles (approximately US$300,000) in punitive damages.
Last minutes of the flight.
Irek Birbov, the ATC controller on duty the night of the incident, gave an interview where he told about his communication with Flight 821. He said that on final approach the aircraft was too far right of the landing course, and the controller informed the pilot about that, who corrected the approach course. 
But instead of descending to land, the plane then went up. ATC controller noticed this also and reportedly radioed the aircraft with this message: "According to my data, you are climbing. Confirm current altitude 900 m." The aircraft should have been at an altitude of 600 m at that time to descend further 300 m. The pilot replied "Affirmative, we are descending" and initiated a climb to about 1200 m, at which point he could no longer catch the glideslope. The controller instructed the pilot to turn right and go around. The pilot acknowledged but did not execute this instruction - instead, he turned left and asked to continue his approach. The controller asked whether everything was all right; the pilots confirmed that it was. The controller then insisted that the aircraft circle, instructing them to switch to another ATC controller. The pilots, however, never contacted the other ATC and started to descend quickly. When they were at about 600 m, the controller radioed the plane to maintain 600 m. The only thing he heard from pilots was "Aaa shit!" A moment later the controller saw the explosion in the outskirts of the city.
Crew.
According to early claims of Aeroflot-Nord representatives, the crew was described as very experienced and one of the best in the company. Captain Rodion Medvedev had a flight record of 3689 hours while First Officer Rustam Allaberdin had 8713. Later it was revealed that Medvedev's flight record as a captain was 452 hours and that Allaberdin's experience of Boeing 737's piloting was just 219 hours. For the most part of their careers Medvedev and Allaberdin were piloting Tu-134 and An-2 respectively. 
Gennady Kurzenkov, head of the State Aviation Inspection Service, stated that the flight crew submitted falsified documents to the airline showing that they had passed preflight courses.

</doc>
<doc id="19357194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357194" title="Weegee">
Weegee

Weegee was the pseudonym of Arthur Fellig (June 12, 1899 – December 26, 1968), a photographer and photojournalist, known for his stark black and white street photography. Weegee worked in Manhattan, New York City's Lower East Side as a press photographer during the 1930s and '40s, and he developed his signature style by following the city's emergency services and documenting their activity. Much of his work depicted unflinchingly realistic scenes of urban life, crime, injury and death. Weegee published photographic books and also worked in cinema, initially making his own short films and later collaborating with film directors such as Jack Donohue and Stanley Kubrick.
Life.
Weegee was born Ascher (Usher) Fellig in Złoczów (now Zolochiv, Ukraine), near Lemberg, Austrian Galicia. His name was changed to Arthur when he emigrated with his family to live in New York in 1909. There he took numerous odd jobs, including working as an itinerant photographer and as an assistant to a commercial photographer. In 1924 he was hired as a dark-room technician by Acme Newspictures (later United Press International Photos). He left, however, in 1935 to become a freelance photographer. Describing his beginnings, Weegee stated:in my particular case I didn't wait 'til somebody gave me a job or something, I went and created a job for myself—freelance photographer. And what I did, anybody else can do. What I did simply was this: I went down to Manhattan Police Headquarters and for two years I worked without a police card or any kind of credentials. When a story came over a police teletype, I would go to it. The idea was I sold the pictures to the newspapers. And naturally, I picked a story that meant something.He worked at night and competed with the police to be first at the scene of a crime, selling his photographs to tabloids and photographic agencies. His photographs, centered around Manhattan police headquarters, were soon published by the "Herald Tribune", "World-Telegram", "Daily News", "New York Post", "New York Journal American", "Sun", and others.
In 1957, after developing diabetes, he moved in with Wilma Wilcox, a Quaker social worker whom he had known since the 1940s, and who cared for him and then cared for his work. He traveled extensively in Europe until 1968, working for the Daily Mirror and on a variety of photography, film, lecture, and book projects. In 1968, Weegee died in New York on December 26, at the age of 69.
Name.
Fellig earned his nickname, a phonetic rendering of Ouija, because of his frequent, seemingly prescient arrivals at scenes only minutes after crimes, fires or other emergencies were reported to authorities. He is variously said to have named himself Weegee or to have been named by either the staff at "Acme Newspictures" or by a police officer.
Another version claims that the nickname originates from his work as a darkroom assistant, also known as a "squeegee" boy. 
Photographic career.
Photographic technique.
Some photos, like the juxtaposition of society "grandes dames" in ermines and tiaras and a glowering street woman at the Metropolitan Opera ("The Critic", 1943), turned out to have been staged.
Most of his notable photographs were taken with very basic press photographer equipment and methods of the era, a 4x5 Speed Graphic camera preset at f/16 at 1/200 of a second, with flashbulbs and a set focus distance of ten feet. He was a self-taught photographer with no formal photographic training. Weegee developed his photographs in a homemade darkroom in the rear of his car. This provided an instantaneous result to his work that emphasized the nature of the tabloid industry and gave the images a "hot off the press" feeling. While Fellig would shoot a variety of subjects and individuals, he also had a sense of what sold best:names make news. There's a fight between a drunken couple on Third Avenue or Ninth Avenue in Hell's Kitchen, nobody cares. It's just a barroom brawl. But if society has a fight in a Cadillac on Park Avenue and their names are in the Social Register, this makes news and the papers are interested in that.
Late 1930s to mid-1940s.
In 1938, Fellig was the only New York newspaper reporter with a permit to have a portable police-band shortwave radio. He maintained a complete darkroom in the trunk of his car, to expedite getting his free-lance product to the newspapers. Weegee worked mostly at nightclubs; he listened closely to broadcasts and often beat authorities to the scene.
In 1943 five of his photographs were acquired by the Museum of Modern Art. These works were included in their exhibition entitled, "Action Photography." He was later included in "50 Photographs by 50 Photographers", another MoMA show organized by photographer Edward Steichen, and he lectured at the New School for Social Research. Advertising and editorial assignments for magazines followed, including "Life" and beginning in 1945, "Vogue".
"Naked City" (1945) was his first book of photographs. Film producer Mark Hellinger bought the rights to the title from Weegee. In 1948, Weegee's aesthetic formed the foundation for Hellinger's film "The Naked City". It was based on a gritty 1948 story written by Malvin Wald about the investigation into a model's murder in New York. Wald was nominated for an Academy Award for his screenplay, co-written with McCarthy-era blacklisted screenwriter, Albert Maltz. Later the title was used again for a naturalistic television police drama series, and in the 1980s, it was adopted by a band, Naked City, led by the New York experimental musician John Zorn.
1950s and 1960s.
Weegee experimented with 16mm filmmaking himself beginning in 1941 and worked in the Hollywood industry from 1946 to the early 1960s, as an actor and a consultant. He was an uncredited special effects consultant and credited still photographer for Stanley Kubrick's 1964 film "". His accent was one of the influences for the accent of the title character in the film, played by Peter Sellers.
In the 1950s and 1960s, Weegee experimented with panoramic photographs, photo distortions and photography through prisms. Using a plastic lens, he made a famous photograph of Marilyn Monroe in which her face is grotesquely distorted yet still recognizable. For the 1950 movie "The Yellow Cab Man", Weegee contributed a sequence in which automobile traffic is wildly distorted. He is credited for this as "Luigi" in the film's opening credits. He also traveled widely in Europe in the 1960s, where he photographed nude subjects. In London he befriended pornographer Harrison Marks and the model Pamela Green whom he photographed.
In 1966, two years before his death, Weegee starred as himself in a 'Nudie Cutie' Exploitation film, intended to be a pseudo-documentary of his life. Called The 'Imp'probable Mr. Wee Gee, it saw Fellig apparently falling in love with a shop window dummy, which he then traces to London, before finally ending up in Paris, all the while pursuing or photographing various women.
Legacy.
Weegee can be seen as the American counterpart to Brassaï, who photographed Paris street scenes at night. Weegee's themes of nudists, circus performers, freaks and street people were later taken up and developed by Diane Arbus in the early 1960s.
In 1980 Weegee's widow, Wilma Wilcox, Sidney Kaplan, Aaron Rose and Larry Silver formed The Weegee Portfolio Incorporated to create an exclusive collection of photographic prints made from Weegee’s original negatives. As a bequest, Wilma Wilcox donated the entire Weegee archive - 16,000 photographs and 7,000 negatives - to the International Center of Photography in New York. This 1993 gift became the source for several exhibitions and books include "Weegee's World" edited Miles Barth (1997) and "Unknown Weegee" edited by Cynthia Young (2006). The first and largest exhibition was the 329-image "Weegee's World: Life, Death and the Human Drama," brought forth in 1997. It was followed in 2002 by "Weegee's Trick Photography," a show of distorted or otherwise caricatured images, and four years later by "Unknown Weegee," a survey that emphasized his more benign, post-tabloid photographs. 
In 2012 ICP opened another Weegee exhibition titled, "Murder is my Business". Also in 2012, exhibition called "Weegee: The Naked City", opened at Multimedia Art Museum, Moscow

</doc>
<doc id="19357198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357198" title="Dhaka Warriors">
Dhaka Warriors

Dhaka Warriors was one of the nine teams played in the 2008 competition of the defunct Indian Cricket League (ICL). The captain is former Bangladeshi captain and batsman Habibul Bashar. The Dhaka Warriors is solely composed of Bangladeshi players and is only the second team in the competition to be represented by players from a single country. The team was formed in 2008 by a group of Bangladeshis who controversially severed links with the Bangladesh Cricket Board; of the 14 players who made up the first squad, 12 had represented Bangladesh at international level. The Dhaka Warrior players received bans.
History.
On 16 September 2008, the Dhaka Warriors team was the ninth team to join the Indian Cricket League. The team consists of 13 Bangladeshi cricketers. The players all received 10-year bans from the Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) for joining the league which is not authorised by the International Cricket Council. Balwinder Sandhu, a former Indian all-rounder coaches the team which will play in the second season on the league, beginning on 10 October 2008. The team will represent Bangladesh in the ICL World Series which follows the league.
The exodus of 14 players was controversial, leading to some Bangladeshi fans labelling the players "traitors". Banning the players significantly weakened Bangladesh's batting line up as Shahriar Nafees, Aftab Ahmed, and Alok Kapali have all represented Bangladesh at international level shortly before joining the ICL. Habibul Bashar, the captain of the new side and Bangladesh's leading Test run scorer, still had ambition to play for the national side again while Nazimuddin, Tapash Baisya, Manjural Islam, Mohammad Sharif, Dhiman Ghosh, Mosharraf Hossain, and Mahbubul Karim all have international experience. Mahbubul Karim and Golam Mabud, the only players in the squad not to have represented Bangladesh in internationals, were from the Bangladesh Academy team and the national side's reserve wicket-keeper respectively. Bashar, Aftab, Reza, Ghosh and Mosharraf retired from international cricket.
Inaugural tournament.
The Dhaka Warriors lost their inaugural match in the ICL in the round-robin stage of the tournament, to the Chennai Superstars by six wickets on 11 October 2008. Although the team went on to lose their next match, which was against the Hyderabad Heroes on 15 October, by four wickets, the game was notable for Alok Kapali scoring 100 from only 60 balls. Not only was it the first century scored by the team, but it was the first century in the history of the tournament. The Dhaka Warrior's first victory came against the Delhi Giants on 20 October. The win, by 62 runs, was the biggest of the tournament. Dhaka lost their next game on 25 October, against the Royal Bengal Tigers by eight wickets.
The team recorded its second win of the tournament on 27 October, beating the Mumbai Champs by six wickets. The match was seen as a must win for the Dhaka Warriors to qualify for the semi-finals of the competition. This was the first of a three-match winning run which saw the Dhaka Warriors rise from the bottom part of the table to second place. They won their next match on 31 October against the Chandigarh Lions by eight wickets. The third in the hat-trick of wins was against the Ahmedabad Rockets by 13 runs on 3 November. Dhaka lost their last league match, against Lahore Badshahs, on 7 November by five wickets. Lahore Badshahs went on to secure the fourth semi-final place and the Dhaka Warriors finished in fifth place.
Former squad.
Players with international caps are listed in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="19357206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357206" title="And Another Thing... (novel)">
And Another Thing... (novel)

And Another Thing… is the sixth instalment of Douglas Adams' "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" "trilogy". The book, written by Eoin Colfer, author of the "Artemis Fowl" series, was published on the thirtieth anniversary of the first book, 12 October 2009, in hardback. It was published by Penguin Books in the UK and by Hyperion Books in the US. Colfer was given permission to write the book by Adams' widow Jane Belson.
Unlike the previous Hitchhiker's works, the title is not a quotation from the first novel, but taken from the third chapter of "So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish", where it appears in the following passage:
Background.
Prior to his death, Adams had felt the need to continue the story: "I suspect at some point in the future I will write a sixth "Hitchhiker" book...", and "People have said, quite rightly, that "Mostly Harmless" is a very bleak book. And it was a bleak book. I would love to finish "Hitchhiker" on a slightly more upbeat note, so five seems to be a wrong kind of number; six is a better kind of number."
In referring to the "Dirk Gently" book he was then working on, Adams said, "A lot of the stuff which was originally in "The Salmon of Doubt" really wasn't working." Before he died, Adams had planned on "salvaging some of the ideas that I couldn't make work in a Dirk Gently framework and putting them in a Hitchhiker framework... and for old time's sake I may call it "The Salmon of Doubt"."
Plot.
"And Another Thing..." starts where "Mostly Harmless" ends, with Arthur Dent, Ford Prefect, Trillian, and Arthur and Trillian's daughter Random standing inside Club Beta, while the Earth is about to be destroyed by the Vogons. They are then rescued by Zaphod Beeblebrox in the "Heart of Gold". Aboard the ship, they learn that Eddie the computer has been replaced by Zaphod's now detached second head, Left Brain. During a debate, Ford accidentally freezes Left Brain and it seems they are doomed, until an immortal named Wowbagger brings them to safety. Angered by Wowbagger's insults, Zaphod promises to get Wowbagger killed, an idea to which Wowbagger, tired of immortality, has no objection; and so the group sets off in search of Thor, to see if he can kill Wowbagger.
Meanwhile, Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz, assigned to destroy all humans, hears rumours of a colony of Earthmen, and he sets off to destroy them, while Arthur attempts to get Wowbagger to stop the Vogons. 
On the Earth colony Nano, the excessively stereotypical Irish leader, Hillman Hunter, is seeking applicants to be the planet's god, who would keep Hillman in charge due to divine providence. Meanwhile, Prostetnic Jeltz's son, Constant Mown, is having rather "un-Vogonly" thoughts, including an enjoyment of poetry and sympathy for humans. Wowbagger and Random start arguing, and Wowbagger drugs and imprisons Random. Afterwards, Trillian and Wowbagger fight, but they share a kiss at the end of the argument. Random is less than impressed with her mother's and Wowbagger's actions, and complains about it to Ford. During this conversation, Random steals Ford's company credit card.
Back on Asgard, Zaphod has managed to gain access to Valhalla and finds his old acquaintance Thor. After some negotiations, Thor agrees to help Zaphod by becoming Nano's god and killing Wowbagger.
Things on Nano are not going as planned, and Hillman is struggling to find his god and keep order among his own populace, as well as trying to control the Magratheans who built the planet. Hillman recalls creating a cult for the rich, which preached of a coming apocalypse, only for the Grebulons to create such an apocalypse. Having received an offer from the otherworldly Zaphod, Hillman and his followers relocated to their "haven", the planet Nano. However, many of the staff abandoned their rich employers and several rival religious groups also settled on the planet, the most prominent of these being the cheese-worshiping Tyromancers, led by Aseed. The Tyromancers and the Nanites enter into a war, and during one of the war's battles, the "Heart of Gold" and Thor suddenly arrive.
Wowbagger's ship lands on Nano and is met by the Tyromancers. Zaphod negotiates for Thor to be Nano's god and reveals that Aseed and Hillman are actually the same being from parallel universes, both of whom made deals with Zaphod. It is revealed that this is what brought him to Earth, saving Arthur and the rest. With Wowbagger representing the Tyromancers for show and Thor representing the Nanites, the two meet in battle.
The battle begins, but Thor is unable to win because Wowbagger does not die, even when hit with the hammer Mjöllnir. A package for Random arrives through interstellar freight, containing the rubber bands involved in Wowbagger's becoming immortal, which Random believes may be able to hurt him. Using Mjöllnir, enhanced with the rubber bands, Thor sends Wowbagger into the air. 
The Vogons approach with the intent of destroying Nano. Thor is able to deflect the Vogon missiles, but is seemingly killed by an experimental weapon called QUEST. Constant Mown disables the Vogon gunner, and uses the argument that their orders are to kill Earthlings and not Nanites (legally two distinct groups, with the latter being taxpaying citizens). Prostetnic Jeltz agrees to his argument, and is proud of his son's ability to follow law and bureaucracy. Zaphod and Hillman tell the people that Thor is Nano's martyr and that all commands he will issue shall henceforth come from Hillman, only for Hillman to be sliced in two by a piece of bomb debris. 
Luckily, Hillman's death is short, as the "Heart of Gold" medical bay restores him to full health, with only one minor change – he now has hooves rather than feet. Even though he now has control over the populace, he grows displeased upon finding himself swamped with civic paperwork. Zaphod sets off with Left Brain to work on his re-election campaign, and Ford has decided to stay behind and sample the best Nano has to offer, so he can write material for the "Guide". Up in space, a very much alive Thor is pleased to learn of his rise back to fame, and the success of his "martyrdom" trick. Arthur finds the beach from his construct, and it becomes his new home. To his displeasure, he finds that Vogons are going to destroy it.
Announcement.
The announcement of "And Another Thing…" was made on 16 September 2008. Although Colfer spoke of "semi-outrage" at the initial idea of another author contributing to the series, he came to regard the book as "a wonderful opportunity to work with characters I have loved since childhood and give them something of my own voice while holding on to the spirit of Douglas Adams". Adams' widow, Jane Belson, said that she "could not think of a better person to transport Arthur, Zaphod and Marvin to pastures new" and gave the project her full support.
When the announcement was made on the BBC Radio 4's news show "The Today Programme", a special sketch starring Simon Jones as Arthur Dent (whom he played in the radio and television series) was broadcast. In it, Arthur was angry at the news that he had been "brought back from the dead".
A reception was held at the Penguin offices in London on 9 March 2009 to launch the cover of the book and announce the related marketing activity which included the BBC, with their CDs of the radio series, and Pan with their reissues of the first five books of the series. As part of the book's promotion, a website collected Twitter-style messages from visitors, to be "transmitted into deep space" on the day of the book's launch.
Waterstones' science-fiction buyer Michael Rowley described the match of Colfer and Hitchhiker's as "an inspired combination", although some Hitchhiker's fans expressed regret that "a complete unique series can't remain untouched" and hoped Colfer would not "completely ruin the books".
Radio adaptation.
"And Another Thing..." has been adapted and abridged for BBC Radio 4's "Book at Bedtime", in ten parts, from 12–23 October 2009. It was abridged by Penny Leicester, read by Stephen Mangan, with Peter Serafinowicz as the voice of The Guide, and produced by Heather Larmour. The parts are about half the size of a regular "fit" of the more formal radio adaptations of the other books, totalling about five fits in comparison, but each part has its own short title.
Audio book.
The audio book version is read by Simon Jones who played Arthur Dent in the radio and television series as well as a short made by BBC Radio 4 to celebrate the original announcement of the book. The recording is ten hours and twenty one minutes in length and is the first "Hitchhikers" audio book starring Jones. The others were read by Stephen Moore (known for playing Marvin in the radio series and television series, and did recordings for all books except "Mostly Harmless"), Douglas Adams, Martin Freeman (who had played Arthur in the 2005 film) and Stephen Fry (known for being the voice of "The Guide" in the 2005 film, the voice of Murray Bost Henson in The Quandary Phase of the radio series, and a close friend of Adams).
Reception.
Reviewing the book in the Guardian, Mark Lawson described Colfer's writing as "the best post-mortem impersonation I have ever read" and considered the book "a perfectly calculated adaptation". Curtis Silver of Wired also praised the book as a continuation of Adams' story that only suffered slightly from some jokes being too cliché. Other positive reviews came from "The Times", where Lisa Tuttle described it as "a fine job" and Euan Ferguson of "The Observer" wrote that "Colfer has pulled off the near-impossible."
Other reviews were more negative. Charlie Jane Anders, described it as "more of the same" but without leaving a unique impression of its own, with the humour falling "incredibly flat". Private Eye summed it up as a "mostly humourless ... lame re-animation".

</doc>
<doc id="19357208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357208" title="Lectionary 150">
Lectionary 150

Lectionary 150, designated by siglum ℓ "150" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is also known as Codex Harleianus. It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves.
Description.
The manuscript is written in compressed Greek Uncial letters, on 374 parchment leaves (35.2 cm by 26.7 cm), in 2 columns per page, 21 lines per page, with ornaments. The capital letters and nomina sacra are in red ink. The codex includes ten leaves of paper containing a series of Lessons from the Gospels. 
The codex contains Lessons from the Gospels John, Matthew, Luke lectionary ("Evangelistarium"). The image shows the text of John 1:18.
It is one of the most beautiful lectionary codices, with a scribal date of 27 May 995 A.D. "It is a most splendid specimen on the uncial class of Evangelistaria, and its text presents many instructive variations."
It contains music notes. It is one of the most splendid uncial Evangelistaria.
Its text presents many instructive variations.
History.
According to the colophon it was written by a presbyter called Constantine.
The manuscript came from Constantinople. In 1677 John Covel, chaplain of the English embassy in Constantinople, purchased this manuscript. It was shown by him to John Mill (1645-1707), in London. From Covell it was purchased – together with other manuscripts – by Robert Harley, Earl of Oxford.
It was collated by Bloomfield and examined by Woide.
The manuscript is often cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS3). It is not cited in UBS4.
The codex now is located in the British Library (MS Harley 5598).

</doc>
<doc id="19357217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357217" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's double trap">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's double trap

Women's double trap shooting made its first appearance at the 1996 Summer Olympics, with Kim Rhode becoming the inaugural champion. Susanne Kiermayer defeated Deserie Huddleston in the silver medal shoot-off.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19357225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357225" title="1997 ABC Championship">
1997 ABC Championship

The 1997 Men's Asian Basketball Confederation Championship was held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Qualification.
According to the FIBA Asia rules, each zone had two places, and the hosts (Saudi Arabia) and the best 5 teams of the previous Asian Championship were automatically qualified.

</doc>
<doc id="19357229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357229" title="Adelaide Hills Tarmac Rally">
Adelaide Hills Tarmac Rally

Adelaide Hills Tarmac Rally is an annual event held around Willunga, south of Adelaide, South Australia. The event is run under CAMS regulations and is open to a variety of Tarmac vehicles.
2009 Adelaide Hills Tarmac Rally will be its 4th year, and will expand to a full two-day event over at least 17 stages.
Proposed Event Summary for 2009 will be based on 2008
Past Events.
2008 was held on Sunday 29 June over 10 stages with 57 km competitive. A total of 53 vehicles took part including the Lamborghini Gallardo Superleggera of Kevin Weeks and Bec Crunkhorne, and the Ferrari 360 Challenge of Brenton Griguol and Simon Fitzpatrick.
Stages were held the Old Willunga Hill, Wickhams Hill, Hindmarsh Tiers, Tooperang and Yundi Roads - each stage run twice.
2008 Event Summary
The event will be held under the International Sporting Code of the FIA, the National Competition Rules of CAMS, the National Rally Code, the 2008 Conditions of Rallying for South Australia, the 2008 SA Rally Championship Series Regulations, 2008 Tarmac Standing Regulations with the approval of ARCom, these Event Supplementary Regulations, Further Regulations and any Bulletins or Instructions to competitors that may be issued.
Where there is any divergence between THE 2008 CAMS MANUAL, the 2008 CAMS TARMAC STANDING REGULATIONS, THE 2008 SA RALLY SERIES REGULATIONS, THE 2008 CONDITIONS OF RALLYING FOR SOUTH AUSTRALIA and these Event Supplementary Regulations, The Event Supplementary Regulations will take precedence.
Will be a Special Stage Rally using A to A timing – as per National Rally Code 1.33.
Will be a Tarmac Rally using A to A timing – as per National Rally Code 1.33.
Is approved to run by CAMS and ARCOM.
Will be the stand alone SA Tarmac Rally Championship event, and Round 3 of the SA Rally Championship.
Is open to Classic – Category 1 to 6 as per CAMS Classic Tarmac Rally Technical Regulations and Modern – M1, M2, M3 and M4 as per CAMS Modern Tarmac Technical Regulations, including PRC and Group N Rally Cars
Previous winners.
2009 Andrew Burnard / Brian Virgo - Mitsubishi Lancer Evo 8
2008 Steve Glenney / Bernie Webb - Subaru WRX Sti
2007 Nick Streckeinsen / Mike Dale - Mitsubishi Lancer Evo 9
2006 Declan Dwyer / Craig Adams - Mitsubishi Lancer Evo 3

</doc>
<doc id="19357231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357231" title="Etterstad">
Etterstad

Etterstad is a neighborhood in Oslo, located between the river Alna and Strømsveien, north of Vålerenga. It was incorporated into Oslo in 1946, two years before the merger of Oslo and Aker. The area is mainly residential. 
History.
The area takes its name from Etterstad Farm, that was located close to the present Helsfyr area, about where the current Helsfyr T-bane station is located. The farm name is Old Norse and is a contraction of "Eitill" (a person's name) and "stad" (meaning "place"). Records of the farm are recorded back to 1396 as an estate of the bishop. 
It remained church property until 1795 when it was taken over by the city and made a military training field, in exchange for a rent paid by the city to the bishop. At the time the city was obliged to provide ground for the military. The military gave the area the name "Etterstadsletta", and was in use as a training field until 1881. In 1821, King Charles XIV John ordered an exercise with 6,000 soldiers as a political power demonstration aimed at the newly formed parliament. The field was also the site of executions, the last performed on 19 April 1864 on the Prussian Friedrich Wilhelm Priess and the Dane Knud Fredrik Christian Simonsen by Samson Isberg with an audience of 5,000 people. The field was also used for Harness racing until 1928.
The first demonstration of aviation in the country was performed by the Swedish aristocrat Carl Cederström from 14 to 23 October 1910. After many successful demonstrations, on the final day Cederström lost control of the aircraft at take-off; two people were hurt and the plane had to be sent to France for repairs.
The government took over the cost of the military in 1840, but city pressed to be allowed to build housing in the area. This was permitted in 1922, and Oslo Bolig- og Sparelag started construction in the 1930s in a large reconstruction of all property down to the railway station. The plans were abandoned due to World War II, and changed afterwards. In 1967 the Oslo T-bane replaced the Oslo Tramway.

</doc>
<doc id="19357232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357232" title="Llandybie RFC">
Llandybie RFC

Llandybie RFC is a Welsh rugby union team based in Llandybie two miles north of Ammanford in Carmarthenshire. Llandybie RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Scarlets.
Llandybie RFC play in Division Five South West of the SWALEC Leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="19357243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357243" title="Michael Krüger (writer)">
Michael Krüger (writer)

Michael Krüger (born December 9, 1943 in Wittgendorf) is a German writer, publisher and translator.
Michael Krüger grew up in Berlin. After the graduating he was apprenticed to a publisher and later studied philosophy and literature. From 1962 to 1965 he worked as a bookseller in London.
From 1968 Krüger has worked as a reader at the publishing house Carl Hanser Verlag, since 1986 he has been their chief reader. In 1972 he published his first poems, with his first collection, "Reginapoly", appearing in 1976 and his first collection of stories "Was tun: Eine altmodische Geschichte" (What shall we do: An old-fashioned story) in 1984. Several stories, novels and translations followed. His work has garnered many important accolades including the 1986 Toucan Prize and the 1996 Prix Médicis étranger.
He wrote the introduction to the 2010 New York Review of Books edition of Jakov Lind's "Soul of Wood".
Since 1975 Michael Krüger is a jury member of the European literary award Petrarca-Preis.

</doc>
<doc id="19357249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357249" title="Tachycardia (disambiguation)">
Tachycardia (disambiguation)

A Tachycardia is the medical term as in Supraventricular tachycardia.
Tachycardia may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19357260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357260" title="Barberis">
Barberis

Barberis is a surname, and may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="19357277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357277" title="Instant computer support">
Instant computer support

Traditional computer support used to be delivered either by a person physically attending the premises where a computer was located or over the telephone with technicians on one end talking customers through a series of information gathering which was then relayed to the technician so that the technician could propose a solution which they would then talk the customer through implementing.
In early 2000 IT departments began to implement remote desktop computer support rather than necessitate a visit to an employee’s desk as it was a more productive use of the technician’s and the employee’s time. This was made possible due to the remote software available to the technician that allowed them to remotely connect to any company PC at any time and the fact that the employees’ computers were all on a LAN (Local Area Network) which could provide sufficient bandwidth for a remote connection to function properly.
In the mid-2000s, as broadband penetration began to become fairly ubiquitous, some new companies began operations offering Instant Computer Support over the Internet to home users and small/medium businesses and a new era of Instant Computer Support was begun. These services are fully encrypted (secure) and delivered over the Internet rather than over a LAN using technology such as that offered by LogMeIn and Citrix. Prior to this, due to bandwidth limitations faced by dial up Internet, remote services were not possible or available to non corporates.
Instant Computer Support is very similar to what the corporates were doing previously with two exceptions, access is requested by the customer and remains active just for that session and it is instant, they need not pre-book. Subscribers have an icon on their desktop and all they have to do is click it to receive instant computer support or software assistance - most companies operate 24/7. The remote software used opens an IM (Instant Messaging) session between the customer and the technician and can display the screen of the customer’s computer, with their permission, onto the screen of a company that provides computer support. The software program allows the company to instantly fix computer problems and deliver software assistance to its customers’ computers remotely as if the technician were sitting in front of it. Therefore, any technical problems can be quickly addressed immediately and fixed from anywhere in the world by an Instant Computer Support company rather than the customer being talked through it over the phone or having to wait for a technician to visit their premises.

</doc>
<doc id="19357281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357281" title="Biebersteinia">
Biebersteinia

Biebersteinia is a genus containing four species of herbs in the flowering plant order Sapindales. They occur from East Mediterranean to West Siberia and Central Asia.
This genus was previously placed in Geraniaceae, but more recently, molecular phylogenetic studies have given it a basal position within Sapindales. In the APG III system and in the Kubitzki system, it is placed in its own monogeneric family, Biebersteiniaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19357282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357282" title="The Big Romance">
The Big Romance

The Big Romance is the second album by Irish Singer-songwriter David Kitt. It was released on June 18, 2001.
It was voted by Hotpress Magazine to be the 31st best Irish Album ever. [http://www.hotpress.com/archive/2765189.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19357292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357292" title="Canton of Le Havre">
Canton of Le Havre

The Cantons of Le Havre are cantons situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France. Le Havre is sub-divided into 9 cantons.
Geography.
An area of light industry and oil refineries in the arrondissement of Le Havre, centred on the port of Le Havre. The altitude varies from 0m to 105m with an average altitude of 8m.
Composition.
The Cantons of Le Havre comprises just 2 communes and a total of 198,788 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19357308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357308" title="Michael Pagnotta">
Michael Pagnotta

Michael Pagnotta is a veteran entertainment publicist, music supervisor and artist manager.
He is perhaps best known as the former longtime spokesman and media advisor to Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, the mary-kateandashley brand and their company, Dualstar Entertainment Group. His exclusive representation of the Olsens and their various business endeavors lasted for the better part of thirteen years, from 1993 until January 2006 when Pagnotta and Dualstar parted ways. He has been widely quoted on teen and preteen marketing and media issues.
Pagnotta founded Reach Media Relations, Inc., a New York City- based media and marketing firm, in November 1990, following brief stints at The Peter Max Studio, Rogers & Cowan and Straight Arrow Publishing. His clients have included many of the best known alternative, rock and pop artists of the past three decades including Prince, George Michael, The Rolling Stones, David Bowie’s Tin Machine, The Beach Boys, Moody Blues, Depeche Mode, The Cure, Bush, Erasure, Morrissey, The B-52’s, Paul Westerberg, John Cale, Donny Osmond, Debbie Gibson, The Three Tenors and Johnny Rotten among many others. The firm’s corporate clients have included Spin Magazine, Sony Music, Mute Records, RayGun magazine, Parachute Press and many others.
He owned and operated The Spoken Word, a retail spoken word audio store in New York City’s Tribeca neighborhood, with his business partner Gennaro Coppola from 1995 - 98. The shop carried hard-to-find recordings of poets reading their own work, interviews, historical speeches, stage plays and old time radio broadcasts.
Pagnotta presently manages and advises artists and projects in the music industry including synth-pop legends Erasure, Yaz, Book Of Love, virtuoso violinist and vocalist Lili Haydn, breakout Boston preteen pop act Girl Authority.
He is married to author/filmmaker Tonya Hurley. They have one daughter, Isabelle Rose.

</doc>
<doc id="19357314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357314" title="Arlanza (DO)">
Arlanza (DO)

Arlanza is a Spanish Denominación de Origen (DO) located in the provinces of Burgos and Palencia, Castile and León, Spain. It was officially upgraded from the lower status of QWPSR ("VCPRD" in Spanish) on 24 January 2008. The DO covers 67 municipalities (54 in the province of Burgos and 13 in the province of Palencia). There are 9 wineries ("bodegas") from Burgos registered and 2 from Palencia. The DO takes its name from the river Arlanza which flows through it.
History.
The first written evidence of wine production in this area comes from the 12th century, when the monastery of Santa María de Bujedo de Juarros purchased vineyards on the banks of the rivers Arlanza and Duero.
When the phylloxera virus devastated the vineyards of Europe at the end of the 19th century, almost all the vineyards in this area were uprooted and replanted by grafting onto American rootstock. By the 1920s the replanting had been completed.
Climate.
The climate is continental, with long hot, dry summers and cold winters. In addition there is a sharp contrast between the daytime and night-time temperatures.
Grapes.
The authorized white varieties are Albillo and Viura while the authorized red varieties are Tinta del País, Garnacha, Mencía, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Petit Verdot.
The minimum planting density is 2,000 vines/ha, whether planted as low individual vines ("en vaso") or on trellises ("en espaldera").
The maximum permitted yields are 10,000 kg/ha for white varieties, and 7,000 kg/ha for red varieties.

</doc>
<doc id="19357321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357321" title="Locally finite poset">
Locally finite poset

In mathematics, a locally finite poset is a partially ordered set "P" such that for all "x", "y" ∈ "P", the interval ["x", "y"] consists of finitely many elements.
Given a locally finite poset "P" we can define its "incidence algebra". Elements of the incidence algebra are functions "ƒ" that assign to each interval ["x", "y"] of "P" a real number "ƒ"("x", "y"). These functions form an associative algebra with a product defined by
There is also a definition of "incidence coalgebra".
In theoretical physics a locally finite poset is also called a causal set and has been used as a model for spacetime.
References.
Stanley, Richard P. Enumerative Combinatorics, Volume I. Cambridge University Press, 1997. Pages 98, 113—116.

</doc>
<doc id="19357333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357333" title="Jérémy Sopalski">
Jérémy Sopalski

Jérémy Sopalski (born 6 February 1981 in Somain, France) is a French football player of Polish descent.

</doc>
<doc id="19357335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357335" title="Kinga Zsigmond">
Kinga Zsigmond

Kinga Zsigmond (born April 19, 1964 in Budapest) is a retired female javelin thrower from Hungary. She represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics, finishing in tenth place in the final rankings. She set her personal best (63.90 metres) in 1992.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19357337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357337" title="Mark Boxer">
Mark Boxer

Charles Mark Edward Boxer (19 May 1931 – 20 July 1988) was a British magazine editor and social observer, and a political cartoonist and graphic portrait artist working under the pen-name ‘Marc’.
Education.
Boxer was educated at Berkhamsted School, an independent school for boys (from 1997 to 2008 known as "Berkhamsted Collegiate School", following a merger with the girls' and preparatory schools), in the historic town of Berkhamsted in Hertfordshire, followed by King's College at the University of Cambridge, where in 1952 he became editor of the student magazine "Granta".
During this period, the magazine published a poem deemed by the University authorities to be blasphemous. The Vice-Chancellor demanded Boxer be sent down, the first student since Percy Bysshe Shelley to receive such a sentence for this offence (the only difference being Shelley studied at Oxford). E. M. Forster spoke in his defence. His College succeeded in reducing the sentence to a week’s rustication during May Week, which would mean that he missed the May Ball. The authorities forgot, however, that May Balls go on into the early hours and, on the stroke of midnight during the Ball, Boxer made a triumphant return.
Life and career.
Editor.
After graduation, Boxer became editor of the small magazine "Lilliput", followed by his appointment as Art Director of the society magazine "Queen" owned by Jocelyn Stevens. In 1962, he became Founding Editor of the "Sunday Times" colour supplement. There he created a format subsequently copied by all UK Sunday broadsheet newspapers, and was responsible for commissioning such leading artists, photographers and writers of the 1960s as Peter Blake, David Hockney, Cartier-Bresson, Don McCullin, Angus Wilson and John Mortimer.
In 1965, Boxer left the "Sunday Times" but remained within the Thomson Organization, then owners of the "Sunday Times", to relaunch the ailing "Tatler" under a new title of "London Life". When that title folded, he returned to the "Sunday Times" in a reduced role, which gave him time to develop his work as a cartoonist.
After a brief period as a book publisher at Weidenfeld & Nicolson, Boxer accepted the editorship of the revived "Tatler" at Condé Nast Publications in 1983, for which he won the PA Editor of the Year award in 1986. At the time of his death, he was Editor-in-Chief of "Tatler", and Editorial Director of Condé Nast Publications in the UK.
Boxer's influence as an editor is commemorated in the annual Mark Boxer Award, presented by the British Society of Magazine Editors for an outstanding contribution to magazine publishing in the UK.
Cartoonist.
Drawing under the pen-name Marc, Boxer first came to prominence with a regular cartoon Life and Times in NW1, which ran in "The Listener" from 1968. This satirised the lifestyles of NW1 trendies, as typified in his characters Simon and Joanna Stringalong.
Boxer followed this with the production of a long series of pocket cartoons, single frame social commentaries which were published first in "The Times", and subsequently in "The Guardian". These were created in collaboration with the humorist George Melly, and led many to consider him the successor to Osbert Lancaster.
Profile artist.
Boxer’s profile drawings of celebrated personalities, usually commissioned to accompany a feature profile article, appeared in the "New Statesman" between 1970 and 1978, and in "The Observer" between 1982 and 1987. Many are now in the archives of the Natio Portrait Gallery (London). They also appeared in 1975 as illustrations to a mock-heroic poem written by Clive James. "The Fate of Felicity Fark in the Land of the Media".
Boxer also produced a series of drawings of characters to illustrate the covers of Anthony Powell’s 12-volume novel, "A Dance To The Music of Time".
Personal life.
Boxer’s first marriage was to Lady Arabella Stuart, youngest daughter of the eighteenth Earl of Moray, with whom he had two children - eldest son Charles currently runs an Italian delicatessen in Vauxhall, and daughter Henrietta is known to work there also. As Arabella Boxer, she became a successful cookery writer, after Boxer designed her first book, "First Slice Your Cookbook", in 1964. They later divorced. His second marriage was to newsreader Anna Ford, with whom he had two daughters, Kate and Claire.
Boxer died of a brain tumour at home in Brentford, Hounslow, Greater London, aged 57.
References.
"The Collected and Recollected Marc", Fourth Estate 1993, ISBN 1-85702-164-9

</doc>
<doc id="19357339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357339" title="Vintage V100MRPGM Lemon Drop">
Vintage V100MRPGM Lemon Drop

The Vintage V100MRPGM Lemon Drop is a Gibson Les Paul-style solidbody electric guitar, designed by Trevor Wilkinson in 2006. The Vintage "Lemon Drop" is influenced by the look and sound of Peter Green's legendary Gibson Les Paul, This guitar was purchased by Irish guitarist Gary Moore, directly from Peter Green and used by Moore to play it in the album "Blues for Greeny" dedicated to Peter himself. The neck pickup is put backwards and wired out of phase to create that famous Peter Green sound by selecting both pickups.

</doc>
<doc id="19357348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357348" title="Sun Chuanting">
Sun Chuanting

Sun Chuanting (; Pinyin: "Sūn Chuántíng"; 1593—1643), styled name Boya, was born in Shanxi, late Ming Dynasty's Defence minister (Bingbu Shangshu), field Marshal (Dushi), led 500,000 Ming troops against Li Zicheng's 700,000 troops. He was defeated and killed by Li in the Battle of Tongguan (1643).
Graduating as chin shih in 1619, he rose in 1635 to be Governor of Shensi, and by active measures stamped out the existing rebel movement. After an unsatisfactory campaign in Honan against the rebels there, he became Viceroy of Shantung and a part of Chihli. The fall of Chi-nan Fu in 1639 was made a pretext for imprisoning him; however, in 1642 he was appointed Vice President of the Board of War and hastened with the garrison of Beijing to relieve F'ai-feng Fu, long besieged by Li Zicheng. He was then moved to Shensi as Viceroy, and in spite of his representation that all the tried soldiers were dead and the new recruits not yet serviceable, he was obliged to advance against Li who soon scattered his raw levies. With great difficulty he raised fresh forces and again advanced. At first successful, he reached the Chia District only to find that heavy rains had made it impossible for supplies to come forward. He therefore fell back with two divisions, pursued by the rebels. The inexperienced artillerymen deserted their guns and a rout ensued, 40,000 men being lost. Li followed up his advantage, and in November the T'ung pass was forced and Sun was killed, fighting to the last.
References.
History of Ming Ch.262

</doc>
<doc id="19357370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357370" title="Tierra del Vino de Zamora DO">
Tierra del Vino de Zamora DO

Tierra del Vino de Zamora is a Spanish Denominación de Origen (DO) for wines located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. It was officially upgraded from the lower status of QWPSR ("VCPRD" in Spanish) on 24 January 2008.
The authorized white varieties are Malvasía, Moscatel de grano menudo, Verdejo, Albillo, Palomino and Godello while the authorized red varieties are Tempranillo, Garnacha and Cabernet Sauvignon.

</doc>
<doc id="19357376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357376" title="Lauren Marcus">
Lauren Marcus

Lauren Marcus (born November 27, 1985) is an American stage actress. She defined the leading roles of Patty Jenkins, the "frightfully nosey" cheerleader in Joe Iconis' musical, "The Plant That Ate Dirty Socks", and Hope Horrishall in Rich Espey's drama "Hope's Arbor". From November 2008 through January 2009, she starred as Jenny Vecharelli in the off-Broadway musical "Rewrite". 
Gawker identified Marcus as the character "Janine" on the "Craig and Janine" video series. The video series was subsequently transformed into a live show at the Laurie Beechman Theatre, "Craig Stevens Guide to Making it On Broadway", in which Marcus starred alongside Tyler Maynard.
Marcus starred in the Astoria Performing Arts Center's production of Lillian Hellman's "The Children's Hour" in 2009, playing Mary Tillford. Drama critic David Sheward, writing in "Backstage", described Marcus in that role as "a devilish dynamo" and "utterly convincing."
Marcus is slated to star in Maria Conejo's "Elves of the Tundra" in Manhattan, New York, in 2012.
Marcus is a graduate of New Trier High School, New York University and the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. She is currently based in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="19357387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357387" title="Heinrich Moritz Max Freiherr von Beschwitz">
Heinrich Moritz Max Freiherr von Beschwitz

Heinrich Moritz Max Freiherr von Beschwitz (Otzdorf, December 23, 1859 – Schloss Arnsdorf, July 22, 1944), Lord of Arnsdorf with Gersdorf and Ottendorf in the Kingdom of Saxony, was a German Military and Nobleman, son of Moritz Wilhelm Wolf Freiherr von Beschwitz and wife Alexandra von Hesse.
Career.
He was a Gentleman of the Bedchamber of the King of Saxony, Captain of Cavalry and a Knight of the Order of St. John.
Marriage and children.
He married in Dresden on January 27, 1885 Alexandra Emilie Caroline Eugenie Henriette Adele Gräfin Zedtwitz von Moraván und Duppau (Schloss Duppau, September 15, 1861 – Schloss Arnsdorf, July 26, 1945), daughter of Curt Franz Wenzel Christoph Erdmann Graf Zedtwitz von Moraván und Duppau and wife Caroline Adelheid Ernestine von Schönberg, and had issue, among whom a son Christoph Moritz Max Freiherr von Beschwitz.

</doc>
<doc id="19357397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357397" title="Oscar López Rivera">
Oscar López Rivera

Oscar López Rivera is a Puerto Rican Nationalist who was convicted and sentenced to 70 years in prison for seditious conspiracy, use of force to commit robbery, interstate transportation of firearms and ammunition to aid in the commission of a felony, and interstate transportation of stolen vehicles. He was among the 16 Puerto Rican nationalists offered conditional clemency by U.S. President Bill Clinton in 1999, but he rejected the offer. His sister, Zenaida López, said he refused the offer because on parole, he would be in "prison outside prison." Congressman Pedro Pierluisi, has stated that "the primary reason that López Rivera did not accept the clemency offer extended to him in 1999 was because it had not also been extended to fellow independence prisoner Carlos Alberto Torres (who was subsequently released from prison in July 2010)." 
The president's offer was strongly opposed by Republicans and law enforcement agencies. President Clinton defended his clemency decision stating that López Rivera was never convicted of crimes that resulted in deaths or injuries. López Rivera was never accused of any act of violence. 
López Rivera is said to be "among the longest held political prisoners in the history of Puerto Rico and in the world." He has been jailed for .
On 29 May 2013, on the 32nd anniversary of his continuous incarceration, high-ranking politicians, former prison personnel, singers, actors, Major League baseball players, and hundreds of other volunteers participated in mock-up prison cells events throughout Puerto Rico "crying out" for the release of López Rivera from the American prison system.
Early years and personal life.
Oscar López Rivera was born in San Sebastián, Puerto Rico, on 6 January 1943. His family moved to the U.S. when he was nine years old. At the age of 14, he moved to Chicago to live with a sister. At age 18 he was drafted into the army and served in Vietnam and awarded the Bronze Star. When he returned to Illinois from the war in 1967, he found that drugs, unemployment, housing, health care and education in the Puerto Rican community had reached dire levels and set to work in community organizations to improve the quality of life for his people.
He was a well-respected community activist and an independence leader for many years prior to his arrest. Oscar worked in the creation of both the Puerto Rican High School and the Puerto Rican Cultural Center. He was also involved in the struggle for bilingual education in public schools and to force universities to actively recruit Latino students, staff, and faculty. He worked on ending discrimination in public utilities like Illinois Bell, People's Gas, and Commonwealth Edison.
Oscar was one of the founders of the Rafael Cancel Miranda High School, now known as the Dr. Pedro Albizu Campos High School and the Juan Antonio Corretjer Puerto Rican Cultural Center. He was a community organizer for the Northwest Community Organization (NCO), ASSPA, ASPIRA and the 1st Congregational Church of Chicago. He helped to found FREE, a half-way house for convicted drug addicts, and ALAS, an educational program for Latino prisoners at Stateville Prison in Illinois.
Seditious conspiracy.
The U.S. Government describes López Rivera as one of the leaders of the Fuerzas Armadas de Liberación Nacional (FALN), a Puerto Rican Nationalist group linked to more than 100 bombings and five deaths in the 1970s. López Rivera will neither confirm nor deny his affiliation with the FALN and disowns any personal involvement in the bombing deaths.
A warrrant for the arrest of Oscar Lopez was first issued in 1977 for the possession and storage of explosives. That same year, both Carlos Alberto Torres and Lopez were indicted in Chicago for the receiving of 200 sticks of dynamite from Colorado and concealing them at their Chicago apartment. In 1980, Ida Rodriguez, the wife of Lopez, Torres, and nine others were arrested in Evanston, Illinois, while preparing to rob an armored truck. Raids a few days later of a house in Milwaukee, rented by Lopez and his wife, and of an apartment in Jersey City, N.J., rented by Torres, found bomb-making materials. Lopez was apprehended, initially for a minor traffic violation, in Chicago in 1981. Alfredo Mendez, one of the FALN members arrested, began co-operating with the government, and testified that Lopez taught him how to make a bomb using dynamite, convert a battery and a wrist watch into timed bombing-detonation devices and how to make gun silencers.
At his trial 1980-81, López and the other Chicago-based FALN comrades were not tied to specific bombings. Instead, he was convicted of seditious conspiracy ("attempt to overthrow the government of the United States in Puerto Rico by force"), armed robbery, and lesser offenses. Declaring his status as a prisoner of war, he refused to participate in the proceedings.
While none of the bombings of which they were convicted resulted in deaths or injuries, the authorities have never been able to convict anyone for the Fraunces Tavern bombing in 1975; the FALN did take responsibility for that bombing.
López Rivera was given a 70-year federal sentence for seditious conspiracy and other charges. Among the other convicted Puerto Rican nationalists there were sentences of as long as 90 years in Federal prisons for offenses including sedition, possession of unregistered firearms, interstate transportation of a stolen vehicle, interference with interstate commerce by violence and interstate transportation of firearms with intent to commit a crime. None of those granted clemency were convicted in any of the actual bombings. Rather, they had been convicted on a variety of charges ranging from bomb making and conspiracy to armed robbery and firearms violations. They were all convicted for sedition, the act of attempting to overthrow the Government of the United States in Puerto Rico by force.
While López Rivera does not deny of confirm his affiliation with the FALN, and disowns any personal involvement in the bombing deaths, the FALN was involved in more than 100 bombings in New York, Chicago and other cities. The 1975 bombing at Fraunces Tavern in Manhattan killed four people: Harold H. Sherburne, age 66; Frank Connor, age 33; James Gezork, age 32; and Alejandro Berger, age 28. Joseph F. Connor, the son of one of the dead at Fraunces Tavern, has played an instrumental role in blocking the release of a man he considers in part responsible for his father's death, and who has never expressed contrition for those actions.
Human rights violations.
There were reports of human rights violations against the FALN prisoners. The prisoners were placed in prisons far from their families, some were sexually assaulted by prison personnel, some were denied adequate medical attention, and others were kept in isolated underground prison cells for no reason. Amnesty International and the House of Representatives' Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property and the Administration of Justice both criticized the conditions. The conditions were found to be in violation of the "U.N. Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners". A federal judge also addressed his concerns in the case of Baraldine vs. Meese.
In 1988, he was convicted of conspiracy to escape and given an additional 15 years. After spending twelve years in maximum security prisons in Marion, Illinois and Florence, Colorado, under conditions described as oppressive, in 1998, he was transferred to the general prison population at the federal correctional facility in Terre Haute, Indiana, where he remains today. In 2006, the United Nations called for the release of the remaining Puerto Rican political prisoners in United States prisons.
Political prisoner.
At the time of their arrest López Rivera and the others declared themselves to be combatants in an anti-colonial war against the United States to liberate Puerto Rico from U.S. domination and invoked prisoner of war status. They argued that the U.S. courts did not have jurisdiction to try them as criminals and petitioned for their cases to be handed over to an international court that would determine their status. The U.S. Government, however, did not recognize their request.
According to president Bill Clinton, the sentences received by López Rivera and the other Nationalists were judged to be "out of proportion to the nationalists' offenses." U.S. Government statistics showed their sentences were almost 20 times greater than sentences for similar offenses by the American population at large.
For many years, numerous national and international organizations criticized López Rivera' incarceration categorizing it as political imprisonment. On 7 June 2012, Puerto Rican activist Tito Kayak started a two-leg lone high seas voyage from Ciudad Bolivar, Venezuela, to San Juan, Puerto Rico, and then from San Juan, Puerto Rico, to Washington, D.C., to protest the U.S. incarceration of Puerto Rican political prisoner López Rivera. López Rivera is said to be "among the longest held political prisoners in the history of Puerto Rico and in the world." He has been jailed for .
Cases involving the release of other Puerto Rican Nationalist prisoners have been categorized as cases of political prisoners, with some being more vocal than others.
Supporters of López Rivera have accused the U.S. Federal Bureau of Prisons of isolating López Rivera on the basis of his political beliefs. For more than half of his 22 years in prison, López Rivera has been held in solitary confinement in maximum security prisons in the United States. López's release date is scheduled for June 26, 2023.
Recent events.
López Rivera requested parole via his attorney but it was denied in February 2011. 
In an "ingenious manifestation of solidarity" to demand the release of Lopez Rivera, "numerous volunteers" participated in a 24-hour demonstration where they remained confined to 6ft x 9ft mock-up prison cells intended to represent Lopez Rivera's current cell size in Terre Haute, Indiana. The demonstrations took place on 29 May 2013 at the central squares of Puerto Rico's four largest cities, San Juan, Ponce, Mayaguez, and Arecibo. Some of the volunteers included politicians, like María de Lourdes Santiago, a Puerto Rican senator, musicians, like Tito Auger, and actors, like Ángela Meyer. 
Others entering the mock-up cells were pro-Statehood party Ponce mayor María Meléndez, writer Mayra Montero, San Juan pro-Commonwealth party mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz, former Puerto Rico governor Aníbal Acevedo Vilá, and former Major Leagues baseball player Carlos Delgado.
On the same day, hundreds of activists, including pop star Ricky Martin, asked for his release from prison. The governor of Puerto Rico, Alejandro García Padilla, also joined the call for Lopez Rivera's release, communicating his request by letter to President Barack Obama. His release is also supported by Congressmen Luis Gutiérrez and José E. Serrano, as well as by Congresswoman Nydia Velázquez. In 2010, Resident Commissioner Pedro Pierluisi also requested his release.
Honors.
A festival on his honor was celebrated at Estadio Hiram Bithorn in San Juan, Puerto Rico, on February 21 through 24, 2013.
The 12 convicted prisoners.
On August 11, 1999, President Bill Clinton extended an offer of clemency to 14 of the Puerto Rican political prisoners convicted on February 18, 1981. López Rivera refused the clemency offer. Twelve accepted the offers and were subsequently released. The twelve were:

</doc>
<doc id="19357416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357416" title="Kirkiaceae">
Kirkiaceae

Kirkiaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Sapindales. It comprises two genera, "Kirkia" and "Pleiokirkia", totalling six species. These two genera were previously placed in family Simaroubaceae, but were transferred into their own family because they produce neither quassinoids nor limonoids.
They occur along the east coast of Africa, and in Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="19357421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357421" title="Be Easy (Ghostface Killah song)">
Be Easy (Ghostface Killah song)

"Be Easy" is the first single by rapper Ghostface Killah from his critically acclaimed fifth solo album "Fishscale". Initially released through mixtapes, it features Ghostface's Theodore Unit protégé Trife da God. The song contains a sample of "Stay Away From Me" as performed by The Sylvers. It was later included within the soundtrack to the action-drama film "Waist Deep".

</doc>
<doc id="19357446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357446" title="Dorothy Cutts">
Dorothy Cutts

Dorothy Cutts, born in England, is an Australian-based actress.
Cutts began her television career in 1984 with an appearance in the 1980s Australian television series Special Squad.
She is best known for her appearance in the popular Australian television series Prisoner: Cell Block H as prison officer Pat Slattery between 1984 and 1986.
Since leaving Prisoner, Cutts has made short appearances in shows such as Neighbours and Bony plus TV films The Great Air Race and Rose Against the Odds.

</doc>
<doc id="19357448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357448" title="Kartika (TV series)">
Kartika (TV series)

Kartika is an Indian show that aired on Disney Channel India. The show's advertisements started on September 15, 2008, just one week before its premiere on September 22, 2008 on Disney. Disney Channel aired the name as Kaarthika. The tagline of the series is "Sapnon ki Udaan-Kartika". The website showed in late 2007 that the show was set to premiere. However, after airing one episode, the show was immediately pulled off air and replaced by "Shararat" and "Sanya".
Plot.
Kartika is a nice singer and dreams of being a star. She asks her father and mother to get her admitted her in the singing academy. At first, they don't agree, but she handles all. At the academy, she makes new friends and rivals. She shares her room with Bonita, a bad but popular girl who always insults Kaarthika and always gets her into trouble.
Production.
The production of season one and two took place in June 2004–August 2005 to air every day. Season three's production was in October 2006, and premiered on December 8, 2008. The show ended in January 2009.
Premiere.
"Kartika" premiered on a "Disney Channel Day Of Premiere" along with "Monster Buster Club". It was the only show that premiered at 5 pm and not at the regular 7:30 pm, as Disney Channel India had been launching since 2007. The show was taken very positively and its first day view count was around 1.79 million. It was mistaken as a sequel to "Dhoom Machaao Dhoom."
The series was cancelled due to the producer's strike; therefore, the last episode aired wasn't one that ended the story.
Perception.
Kaarthika was very well perceived by Indian audiences. The show received a number 2 rating, after "Dhoom Machaao Dhoom".
Schedule.
Kartika aired Monday to Friday at 5 pm IST; the same episode repeated at 8:30 pm. There was a marathon called "Kartika: The Week That Was" every Saturday or Sunday at 12:30 pm after the Disney Channel Movie.

</doc>
<doc id="19357449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357449" title="Highland Middle School (Louisville, Kentucky)">
Highland Middle School (Louisville, Kentucky)

Highland Middle School is a free public middle school, with grades 6-8, in the Highlands section of Louisville, Kentucky, for which it is named. It is in the Deer Park neighborhood and adjacent to Bellarmine University. Highland is part of Jefferson County Public Schools, the largest school district in Kentucky.
Programs.
From 1989 onward, Highland has offered a magnet program in international studies, initially with the assistance of a Federal grant. Highland also offered a Spanish immersion program in the mid-1990s.
History.
Highland was founded in February 1928 and has operated continually on the same location. Jackie Robinson spoke at the school in 1955.
The three-story building faces Norris Place to the east and Richmond Drive to the south. To the north is a two block long field used for recreation. A driveway on the school grounds runs on the edge of the field between it and Norris Place, which is used for parking and school bus staging purposes. The drive was enlarged and first paved in 1933, replacing an earlier cinder path that proved useless after rains.
The initial building was intended for 500 students, and by the 1960s the building had become overcrowded and dilapidated. In 1964 a new wing was built, adding 9 classrooms, an expanded library, a kitchen, two shops and a teachers lounge as well as a new entrance. In 1996 a $1.5 million, addition fronting Richmond Drive was completed. The wing contains a science lab, band room, chorus room and classrooms.
A newspaper, the "Highland Echo", published its first edition in November 1937.
The school has a fight song set to the tune of the "Washington and Lee Swing". It was long forgotten until 1990 when an alumnus sponsored a contest for the students to learn the lyrics, which had to be updated by the school's chorus teacher, as the school's name had changed from Highland Junior High since the last time the song had been sung.
Media.
Highland Middle School had a scene in the movie Elizabethtown (film) (2005) (starring Orlando Bloom and Kirsten Dunst). It was perceived as Elizabethtown High School. It was in the scene where Drew (Bloom) was talking on his cellular phone to his mother, in the middle of the grass field, with kids playing in the background.

</doc>
<doc id="19357451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357451" title="Johnny Brooks">
Johnny Brooks

Johnny Brooks (born 23 December 1931 in Reading) is a former professional footballer who played for Reading, Tottenham Hotspur, Chelsea, Brentford, Crystal Palace and represented England on three occasions and scoring twice.
Football career.
Brooks began his senior club career for his home town club of Reading. He joined the club in April 1949 where he played a total of 46 times and scoring five goals in the position of inside forward. In February 1953, the skilful, creative player made the move to Tottenham for a fee and the exchange of two players. He scored a total of 51 goals in 179 appearances in all competitions for the club. Brooks joined Chelsea in an exchange deal in December 1959 where he went on to feature in 46 matches and score on six occasions for the club. He left Chelsea to join Brentford in September 1961 and made 83 appearances and scoring 36 times. He finished his first class career at Crystal Palace in 1964 and played seven times.
Brooks later played in the North American Soccer League with Cleveland Stokers in 1968.
After football.
Today, Brooks is retired and living in Bournemouth.

</doc>
<doc id="19357460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357460" title="2008 attack on the American Embassy in Yemen">
2008 attack on the American Embassy in Yemen

The 2008 American Embassy attack in Yemen in Sana'a, Yemen on September 17, 2008, resulted in 19 deaths and 16 injuries. Six attackers, six Yemeni police, and seven civilians were killed. This attack was the second occurring in the same year, after a mortar attack earlier in 2008 on March 18 missed the embassy and instead hit a nearby girls' school. Islamic Jihad of Yemen, an al Qaeda affiliate, has claimed responsibility for the attack.
The attack.
The attack began at 09:15 a.m. local time (06:15 a.m. UTC) when attackers dressed as policemen, armed with rocket-propelled grenades, automatic rifles, grenades, and car bombs, attacked the outer security ring at the entrance of the main gate from a car. The embassy, located in the Dhahr Himyar district of Sana'a, is located 250 meters (820 feet) from this security entrance. A 20-minute battle ensued between the terrorists and the embassy security force, during which some embassy security forces were fired upon by snipers from across the road. In the midst of the battle, a car bomb exploded at a second security ring of concrete blocks in an unsuccessful attempt to blow a hole in the wall. Up to five explosions may have occurred during the attack.
Six members of the Yemeni security forces, six attackers (one of whom wore an explosives belt), and seven bystanders (one of whom was discovered later) were killed in the attack. Though no Americans working at the embassy were injured or harmed during the attack, Susan el-Baneh, a newly married woman from New York, was killed along with her Yemeni husband while waiting outside to fill out paperwork. At least sixteen people, mostly women and children, were treated at two hospitals for injuries.
Lackawanna, New York Yemeni-American Susan el-Baneh (Elbaneh), age 18, wed a Yemeni in August. She went to Yemen partly to help her new Yemeni husband obtain approval to enter the United States, and both spouses were in a line of civilians waiting to enter the embassy when the attackers opened fire. The Associated Press said Susan Elbaneh was a cousin of Jaber A. Elbaneh, who is on the FBI's list of most wanted terrorism suspects. Elbaneh's family said she had no relationship with her cousin and her sister Shokey Elbaneh commented "Like the people killed in 9/11, people killed in terrorist acts all over the place, we're the same victims."
Responsibility and arrests.
The Islamic Jihad of Yemen, an al Qaeda affiliate, has claimed responsibility for the attacks. The group also threatened future attacks against other embassies, including those of Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom.
It released a statement: "We will carry out the rest of the series of attacks on the other embassies that were declared previously, until our demands are met by the Yemeni government." Meanwhile, on September 18, 2008, Yemeni authorities arrested 30 suspects allegedly connected to Al-Qaeda. Foreign Minister Abou Bakr al-Qurbi said: "The attack on the U.S. Embassy was retaliation by al-Qaeda for the measures taken by the government to fight the terrorists." United States Department of State spokesman Sean McCormack said that "the multi-phased attack bore all the hallmarks of al-Qaeda."
On November 1, a Yemeni security official said the attackers had links to al-Qaida. He added that the United Nations had raised its security level in Yemen in response to such threats. He also elaborated that the six Yemeni men who carried out the attack trained at al-Qaida camps in the southern Yemeni provinces of Hadramut and Marib, while three of them had recently returned from fighting in Iraq.
Other incidents.
In June 2001, the embassy was closed temporarily after militants were found with explosives and maps of the area, around the embassy.
On January 26, 2009, three gunmen in a car opened fire at a checkpoint near the embassy. Security forces chased them and managed to stop the car. All three men were arrested and there were no injuries.

</doc>
<doc id="19357463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357463" title="List of sites on the National Register of Historic Parks and Gardens">
List of sites on the National Register of Historic Parks and Gardens

This List of sites on the National Register of Historic Parks and Gardens is a list of parks and gardens featured on the "Register of Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest in England". The list is managed by English Heritage and currently has about 1,450 sites listed.
As with Listed Buildings, parks and gardens are graded on a scale, Grade I being internationally significant sites; these are therefore the most important and constitute around 10% of the total number. Historically important gardens are Grade II* (about 30% of the total) and the remainder are of regional or national importance and are Grade II registered.
Provided at the end of this page are those sites which were formerly listed but have since been delisted.
The sites (alphabetical).
Cemeteries.
The total number of cemeteries included on the Register is around 110. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="19357468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357468" title="Lowell Bennion">
Lowell Bennion

Lowell Bennion may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19357474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357474" title="Icarium">
Icarium

Icarium is a fictional character from Steven Erikson's Malazan Book of the Fallen series. He appears in "Deadhouse Gates", "House of Chains", "The Bonehunters", "Reaper's Gale", "Dust of Dreams" and "The Crippled God".
Physiology.
Icarium is described as tall, but not excessively muscled. His skin is an "olive-green colour" and his canines are prominent, almost tusks. He is a Jhag, a half-blood Jaghut, son of Gothos. The only thing known about his mother is that she was a Toblakai.
Abilities.
Icarium is known across the Malaz world as The Slayer, or as the Lifestealer, a dangerous being whose rage brings unconstrainable destruction. He uses a single-edged longsword and a bow with warren-etched arrows, capable of killing a dragon. When enraged, Icarium is able to draw on his rage as a form of power, making him lightning fast, tireless, able to withstand extremely powerful magic attacks, and forcing him to kill and destroy until all around him is lifeless.
History.
Little is known of Icarium's history. He has wandered the world for millennia. In his early youth, his father, the Jaghut Gothos, took up residence inside a House of the Azath. Icarium, abandoned and not understanding his father's actions, assaulted the Azath House. It is at that time that Icarium's now legendary rage was first unleashed. Icarium almost destroyed the Azath and his efforts left him in a delirious state. At some point Icarium wounded the warren Kurald Emurlahn, leaving it open for the shattering that is visited upon it. This act in turn wounds him mentally, causing him to lose his memory whenever he goes into a rage. He wanders the world, constantly searching for his memories. The group known as the Nameless Ones decided that he was too dangerous to allow to wander unwatched, and so have recruited his "guardians", such as Mappo Runt the Trell and Taralack Veed of the Gral. Their task is to protect Icarium from the world, and protect the world from Icarium. Some time during the Nameless Ones' stewardship of Icarium, they began to subtly increase his power and deadliness, transforming him into a weapon that they could use for their own hidden goals. When Icarium is recruited by the Tiste Edur, he assaults the Throne of Shadow. There he comes into contact with the Eres'al, who heals the mental damage/scarring from his wounding of Kurald Emurlahn.
Recent movements.
Bereft of his companion Mappo, Icarium is led to the continent of Lether by Taralack Veed, an agent of the Nameless Ones, who intend to use Icarium as a weapon to destroy the Emperor of a Thousand Deaths, Rhulad Sengar. However, before this can be accomplished, Icarium disappears into an ancient mechanism, apparently of his own devising.

</doc>
<doc id="19357485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357485" title="Nitrariaceae">
Nitrariaceae

Nitrariaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Sapindales. It comprises three genera, "Nitraria", "Peganum" and "Tetradiclis", totalling 16 species.
The family's main range is central Asia west to north Africa and southern Europe, but there are also species in Central America and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19357487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357487" title="Stéphane Véron">
Stéphane Véron

Stéphane Véron (born January 31, 1986 in Sens) is a French professional football player, who currently plays for ASM Belfort.
Career.
The goalkeeper began 2004 his career with AJ Auxerre, he represented the club in the reserves before being transferred to Paris Saint-Germain in 2008 and was released to 1 July 2009.
Personal life.
He is of Argentinan descent.

</doc>
<doc id="19357493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357493" title="Mike Krüger">
Mike Krüger

Mike Krüger (born Michael Friedrich Wilhelm Krüger, December 14, 1951 in Ulm) is a German comedian and singer.

</doc>
<doc id="19357513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357513" title="1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's 10,000 metres">
1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's 10,000 metres

These are the official results of the Women's 10,000 metres event at the 1994 European Championships in Helsinki, Finland. The final was held on 13 August 1994.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19357517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357517" title="Bayaraagiin Naranbaatar">
Bayaraagiin Naranbaatar

Bayaraagiin Naranbaatar (born on 11 March 1980) is a male freestyle wrestler from Mongolia. He participated in Men's freestyle 55 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In 1/8th final he lost to Russian Besik Kudukhov.
He also participated in Men's freestyle 55 kg at 2004 Summer Olympics where he was ranked on 12 place. Naraanbaatar beat Babak Nourzad from Iran, but lost against Korean Kim Hyo-Sub and was eliminated from competition,
Naranbaatar won silver medal in 2007 FILA Wrestling World Championships and bronze at 2005 FILA Wrestling World Championships.
He is winner of Men's freestyle wrestling 55 kg at 2005 Summer Universiade.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he lost in the second round to Hassan Rahimi.

</doc>
<doc id="19357519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357519" title="Moritz Wilhelm Wolf Freiherr von Beschwitz">
Moritz Wilhelm Wolf Freiherr von Beschwitz

Moritz Wilhelm Wolf Freiherr von Beschwitz (Krebs, July 10, 1823 – Schloss Arnsdorf, August 31, 1889), Lord of the Fideicomis of Arnsdorf in the Kingdom of Saxony, was a German Military and Nobleman, son of Ferdinand Freiherr von Beschwitz and wife Augusta Amalie von Oppel.
Career.
He was a Captain of the Army of the Kingdom of Saxony and a Knight of Honour of the Order of St. John.
Marriage and children.
He married in Dresden on November 26, 1856 Alexandra von Hesse (Riga, October 24, 1834 – Bad Schandau, September 8, 1914), daughter of Johann von Hesse and wife Anna Maria Wöhrmann, and had issue, among whom a son Heinrich Moritz Max Freiherr von Beschwitz.

</doc>
<doc id="19357522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357522" title="I Don't Want to Be a Hero">
I Don't Want to Be a Hero

"I Don't Want to be a Hero" is a 1987 song by the British band Johnny Hates Jazz. It reached #11 in the UK top 40 in August 1987 spending 10 weeks on the chart. It is taken from their #1 album "Turn Back the Clock".
Writing and inspiration.
The song was written by the band's lead singer and main songwriter, Clark Datchler. It has a strong anti-war sentiment and is written from the perspective of a soldier who is questioning their participation in what they consider an unjust war. The band's American record company were reluctant to release the single in the U.S. because of its anti-war stance. The song makes references to conscription and propaganda.
Yōko Nagayama version.
In 1988, Japanese singer Yōko Nagayama covered the song, "反逆のヒーロー".

</doc>
<doc id="19357536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357536" title="Internet in Kazakhstan">
Internet in Kazakhstan

The Internet in Kazakhstan (ccTLD: .kz) is growing rapidly. Between 2001 and 2005, the number of Internet users increased from 200,000 to 1 million. By 2007, Kazakhstan reported Internet penetration levels of 8.5 percent, rising to 12.4 percent in 2008. There are five first-tier ISPs with international Internet connections and approximately 100 second-tier ISPs that are purchasing Internet traffic from the first-tier ISPs.
Penetration and ISPs.
The National Statistical Agency reports that 73 percent of users access the Internet by dial-up, 15 percent by means of ADSL, and 6 percent using satellite access. Over 50 percent of users accessed the Internet from home in 2008.4 Forty-two percent of families living in towns with populations of at least 70,000 people have a personal computer. KazakhTelekom (KT) reported an increase in its broadband subscriber base from 270,000 to 456,000 in 2008.5 Despite these increases, Internet usage is concentrated in urban centers, while outside those centers access remains beyond the reach of most Kazakhs.
The official language in the country is Kazakh, spoken by 64 percent of the population. Russian, spoken by 95 percent, is recognized as the official language of international communication. Russian is the most popular language used on the Internet (94.1 percent), followed by Kazakh (4.5 percent), and English (1.4 percent), a figure which may account for the high percentage of Kazakh Web sites hosted in Russia (including those on the country-code domain name “.kz”). Six percent of “.kz” domain Web sites are hosted in Kazakhstan, with the remainder hosted in Russia and elsewhere.
The cost of Internet access remains high relative to the average salary (54,500 tenge in 2008, or USD 363).7 KazakhTelecom’s tariffs for unlimited ADSL access with capacity of 128 kbit/s were USD 30. However, as a result of the ongoing liberalization in the telecommunications sector in 2007, the operators’ tariffs fell considerably. Since 2007, schools in Kazakhstan are provided with free dial-up access, which is being expanded to include broadband connections (although access is restricted to Web sites and other Internet resources within the “.kz” domain).
Internet service providers.
KazakhTelecom is the operator of the national data transfer network, which connects the major cities of Kazakhstan with a total bandwidth of 957 Mbit/s and carrying capacity in separate local segments of up to 10 Gbit/s. KazakhTelecom had about 2.5 million fixed-line subscribers in 2005 and accounted for approximately 90 percent of the country’s fixed-line market. It also controls 49 percent of the country’s leading mobile operator, GSM Kazakhstan, and 50 percent of another cellular operator, Altel. KazakhTelecom
Liberalization of the telecommunications market in 2004 increased competition among the five licensed operators: KazakhTelecom (the former state monopoly, now with 51 percent state participation), Transtelecom, Kaztranscom, Arna (DUCAT), and Astel. The first-tier ISPs with international Internet connections and their own infrastructure are KazakhTelecom, Nursat, Transtelecom, Kaztranscom, Arna, Astel, and TNS Plus.
There are approximately 100 second-tier ISPs that are purchasing Internet traffic from the first-tier ISPs. They include:
Market liberalization has not been completely carried out, as there are restrictions on foreign ownership for fixed-line operators providing long-distance and international services. In addition, KazakhTelecom retains dominance over the telecommunications market, making it difficult for other operators to compete.
KazakhTelecom is also launching an interactive IP TV service (11 of March 2009), as it attempts to maintain its dominance in the fixed-line market. Other leading first-tier ISPs, Nursat and Astel, operate terrestrial and satellite-based infrastructure. There are five mobile operators in the country. Three operators are offering GSM services and two CDMA. The government estimates that 60 percent of the population uses mobile services.
One of the largest ISPs, Arna (DUCAT), accused KazakhTelecom of breaching the Law for Promoting Competition and Limiting Monopolist Activities. Arna claimed that KazakhTelecom used uncertified systems that monitor and interfere with the telecommunications of customers who are using services offered by competing companies. An investigation of the Kazakh government revealed that such systems indeed existed and were used by KazakhTelecom, but no evidence was found to prove KazakhTelecom was intentionally interfering with competitor activities.
Legal and regulatory frameworks.
The Kazakh government exhibits an ambiguous and at times contradictory approach to the Internet. The long-term development strategy of Kazakhstan for 2030 demonstrates the government’s strong commitment to create a modern national information infrastructure. The government has announced plans to develop e-government as a part of a 2005–2007 program. Since 2008, government officials have been encouraged to create their own personal blogs. At the same time, the government follows a multilevel information security policy, which maintains surveillance of telecommunications and Internet traffic in the country.
The Ministry of Transport and Communications (MTC) is the main policymaker and regulator in the telecommunications market. The Agency for Informatization and Communication (AIC), a central executive body in the IT field, is authorized to implement state policy in telecommunications and information technology development industries, exercise control in these sectors, and issue licenses to every type of telecommunications service. The Security Council (SC), a body chaired by the president, is responsible for drafting decisions and providing assistance to the head of state on issues of defense and national security. The SC also prepares a list of Web sites every six months that should be blocked or forbidden from distribution. A 2005 SC decision made it illegal for key national security bodies to connect to the Internet (namely, the Ministries of Emergency Situations, Internal Affairs, and Defense, and the National Security Committee). However, despite this prohibition, ONI field researchers found evidence that state officials access forbidden Web sites using dial-up accounts and anonymizer applications.
The security system in Kazakhstan is complex and multilayered. The Inter-Departmental Commission is charged with coordinating and developing the national information infrastructure. The National Security Committee (NSC) monitors presidential, government, and military communications. The Office of the Prime Minister is an authorized state body responsible for the protection of state secrets and maintenance of information security. Broadly defined, a ‘‘state secret’’ encompasses various government policies as well as information about the president’s private life, health, and financial affairs. The NSC has issued a general license to the private Agency on Information Security to establish and organize facilities for cryptographic protection of information, as well as to formulate proposals on information security to state organizations, corporate clients, banks, and other large commercial companies. The Kazakh Ministry of Internal Affairs operates Department ‘‘K’’, which bears the functions of its counterpart in the Russian Federation. This department is tasked with investigating and prosecuting cyber crime and cyber attacks. At present, ISPs are required to prohibit their customers from disseminating pornographic, extremist, or terrorist materials or any other information that is not in accordance with the country’s laws. Kazakh officials are also considering additional laws to further regulate the Kazakh Internet. One draft law presently under consideration envisions liability for owners of Web sites hosting weblogs and forums, as well as users of chat rooms. The draft law equates Internet sites to media outlets and applies similar regulations with respect to content. The authors of the law justified tighter oversight by the need to fight cyber crime and provide greater accountability for Internet users.
The Kazakhstan Association of IT Companies is the officially recognized administrator of the ‘‘.kz’’ domain. It is registered as a NGO, but it has 80 percent government ownership. The rules of registration and management of the ‘‘.kz’’ domain were issued by the State Agency on Informatization and Communication of the Republic of Kazakhstan in 2005. In recent years, the cost for registering and maintaining a domain name have significantly decreased, thereby boosting the development of the Kazakh portion of the Internet. Registrations are subject to strict regulation. Applications may be denied if the server on which they are located resides outside Kazakhstan. Even though the primary legislation guarantees freedom of speech and prohibits censorship, the government often resorts to various legal mechanisms to suppress ‘‘inappropriate’’ information or to ensure that domain names used by opposition groups are frozen, or withdrawn. As a result, very few political parties in Kazakhstan use the Internet, and few opposition or illegal parties have an online presence (at least within the ‘‘.kz’’ domain).
The ICT sector in Kazakhstan is overregulated, as evidenced by some 300 legislative acts that expressly or implicitly control the ICT environment. All telecommunications operators are legally obliged, as part of the licensing requirement, to connect their channels to a public network controlled by KazakhTelecom. The so-called Billing Center of Telecommunication Traffic, established by the government in 1999, helps monitor the activity of private companies and strengthen the monopolist position of KazakhTelecom in the IT sphere. In the past, some telecommunications operators circumvented such regulations by using VoIP for their interregional and international traffic, but the imposition of VoIP telephony tariffs eliminated this option.
Surveillance and filtering.
The government has established systems to monitor and filter Internet traffic. Since the traffic of all first-tier ISPs goes through KazakhTelecom’s channels, surveillance and filtering is centralized. The ONI suspects that state officials informally ask KazakhTelecom to filter certain content. KazakhTelecom, along with some Russian companies, has openly signed an agreement to provide filtering, censorship, and surveillance on the basis of Security Council resolutions. There are several recorded cases of journalists and Web site owners that have been prosecuted under broad media and criminal provisions.21 Oppositional and independent media sites have been permanently suspended, allegedly for providing links to publications concerning corruption among senior state officers and the president.
In 2004, the chairs of the National Security Committee and the Agency for Informatization and Communications approved Rules Providing for Mechanisms for Monitoring the Telecommunications Operators and Networks. These rules prescribe full collaboration and information sharing between the government agencies. This system is similar to that of the Russian SORM, introduced to monitor activities of users and any related information. The rules oblige ISPs to register and maintain electronic records of customer Internet activity. Providers are required to install special software and hardware equipment in order to create and store records for a specified amount of time, including log-in times, connection types, transmitted and received traffic between parties of the connection, identification number of the session, duration of time spent online, IP address of the user, and speed of data receipt and transmission.
The OpenNet Initiative conducted testing on two main ISPs: KazakhTelecom and Nursat. KazakhTelecom blocks opposition groups’ Web sites, regional media sites that carry political content, and selected social networking sites. A number of proxy sites providing anonymous access to the Internet have also been blocked. The ONI suspects that filtering practices in Kazakhstan are evolving and are performed at the network backbone by KazakhTelecom, which filters traffic it provides to downstream operators. Consequently, Kazakh ISPs may unknowingly receive pre-filtered content. At the same time, not all incoming and outgoing traffic passes through KazakhTelecom’s centralized network, resulting in inconsistent patterns of blocking. The majority of Internet users are on ‘‘edge’’ networks, such as Internet cafés and corporate networks. Kazakhstan companies apply filtering mechanisms at the user level to prevent employees from accessing pornography, music, film, and dating Web sites. However, ONI testing found that Kazakhstan does not block any pornographic content or sites related to drug and alcohol use.
Terminology.
People in Kazakhstan use the term "Kaznet" to refer to the internet space originating from and related to Kazakhstan. Similarly, they use the terms "Uznet", "Kirnet"/"Kegnet", and "Runet" are used to refer to Uzbek, Kyrgyz, and Russian internet spaces, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19357539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357539" title="Lions–Lax–Milgram theorem">
Lions–Lax–Milgram theorem

In mathematics, the Lions–Lax–Milgram theorem (or simply Lions’ theorem) is a result in functional analysis with applications in the study of partial differential equations. It is a generalization of the famous Lax–Milgram theorem, which gives conditions under which a bilinear function can be "inverted" to show the existence and uniqueness of a weak solution to a given boundary value problem. The result is named after the mathematicians Jacques-Louis Lions, Peter Lax and Arthur Milgram.
Statement of the theorem.
Let "H" be a Hilbert space and "V" a normed space. Let "B" : "H" × "V" → R be a continuous, bilinear function. Then the following are equivalent:
Related results.
The Lions–Lax–Milgram theorem can be applied by using the following result, the hypotheses of which are quite common and easy to verify in practical applications:
Suppose that "V" is continuously embedded in "H" and that "B" is "V"-elliptic, i.e.
Then the above coercivity condition (and hence the existence result) holds.
Importance and applications.
Lions’ generalization is an important one since it allows one to tackle boundary value problems beyond the Hilbert space setting of the original Lax–Milgram theory. To illustrate the power of Lions' theorem, consider the heat equation in "n" spatial dimensions ("x") and one time dimension ("t"):
where Δ denotes the Laplace operator. Two questions arise immediately: on what domain in spacetime is the heat equation to be solved, and what boundary conditions are to be imposed? The first question — the shape of the domain — is the one in which the power of the Lions–Lax–Milgram theorem can be seen. In simple settings, it suffices to consider "cylindrical domains": i.e., one fixes a spatial region of interest, Ω, and a maximal time, "T" ∈(0, +∞], and proceeds to solve the heat equation on the "cylinder"
One can then proceed to solve the heat equation using classical Lax–Milgram theory (and/or Galerkin approximations) on each "time slice" {"t"} × Ω. This is all very well if one only wishes to solve the heat equation on a domain that does not change its shape as a function of time. However, there are many applications for which this is not true: for example, if one wishes to solve the heat equation on the polar ice cap, one must take account of the changing shape of the volume of ice as it evaporates and/or icebergs break away. In other words, one must at least be able to handle domains "G" in spacetime that do not look the same along each "time slice". (There is also the added complication of domains whose shape changes according to the solution "u" of the problem itself.) Such domains and boundary conditions are beyond the reach of classical Lax–Milgram theory, but can be attacked using Lions’ theorem.

</doc>
<doc id="19357593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357593" title="M. G. Ramachandran filmography">
M. G. Ramachandran filmography

The following is a complete list of all the films M. G. Ramachandran has acted in:

</doc>
<doc id="19357617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357617" title="So Cool (band)">
So Cool (band)

So Cool () is a popular Thai rock band from Phitsanulok. They've released 5 albums (and a special album). The group also create Thai country songs in their album.
History.
Formation.
In 2001, The sons from 2 family formed a rock band. Vocalist and guitarist Joke is the older brother of March, drummer. In the same way, guitarist Jan is the older brother of James. They all lived in Phitsanulok, near each other.
Competition.
Before becoming a band with GMM, So cool band has performed on stage for more than 100 stages and competed in many music contests in their province and also the last competition is the Asian Beat Band Competition which was one of the greatest music competition in Thailand. The winner will then be a representative of a country to compete in Malaysia, They put in a substantial effort in practicing and revising after daily school classes and eventually, they won the contest, 1st prize with best performing band which resulted for them becoming a representative of Thailand to compete in Malaysia. Nevertheless, an unfortunate event Terrorism on 11 September stopped them, the contest was cancelled.
Debut album.
In 2004, the band was convinced by GMM Grammy, the big label in Thailand, to join them and debut their first album. The debut album was released on March 16, 2004, named So Cool liked their band's name.
2005-2007 projects.
They released only album each year, So Hot in 2005, Soda in 2006 and continued with a special album So Hits in the same year. Never Die My Love came in 2007.
Joining.
After their saturation point, in 2008, They announced big surprise news that they had new vocalist, Golf, and he would join them since that point. The group've met him in Phayao when the new singer performed with his band as an opening band for So Cool.
First album with new member.
On August 19, 2008, They released their fifth album, Five, with their new singer. However, Joke still was leading singer in some songs, shared with Golf.

</doc>
<doc id="19357638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357638" title="Daniel A. Arnold">
Daniel A. Arnold

Daniel A. Arnold (born 1965) is an American scholar and philosopher. He is Associate Professor of the Philosophy of Religions at the Divinity School of the University of Chicago.
His work focuses on Indian Buddhist philosophy, which he engages in a constructive and comparative way. His particular interests are in Indian Buddhist Madhyamaka, and in the appreciation of Indian Buddhist philosophy as an integral part of the broader tradition of Indian philosophy. In this regard, he has been especially interested in issues disputed between Buddhist schools and the orthodox Brahmanical school of Pūrva Mīmāṃsā.
His first book, "Buddhists, Brahmins, and Belief: Epistemology in South Asian Philosophy of Religion "(2005), won the American Academy of Religion's Award for Excellence in the Study of Religion in the Constructive-Reflective Studies category for 2006. His second book, "Brains, Buddhas, and Believing: The Problem of Intentionality in Classical Buddhist and Cognitive-Scientific Philosophy of Mind" (2012) won the Toshihide Numata Book Prize in Buddhism.
He has been an editor for the academic listserv H-Buddhism, and serves on the editorial boards of, and acts in a consulting capacity for a number of academic journals and presses.
He is member of the American Oriental Society, the American Academy of Religion, and the International Association of Buddhist Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19357648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357648" title="West Berkshire Museum">
West Berkshire Museum

The West Berkshire Museum is a museum located in Newbury, Berkshire. Established in 1904, the museum houses various artworks and collections. The museum is housed in two of Newbury's most historic buildings. The Cloth Hall was built in 1626-1627 by Richard Emmes, a master carpenter of Speenhamland for the Newbury Corporation as a cloth factory. Originally part of a larger range of buildings with a courtyard in the centre, the building was subsequently used as a workhouse, hospital and school before being used for storing corn from 1829 until its conversion to a museum.
As of April 2009, only two ground floor galleries are open to the public because of fire safety restrictions. There is no public access to the galleries in the Cloth Hall or on the first floor.
Current status: The Museum is closed for refurbishment (See Official Site)

</doc>
<doc id="19357649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357649" title="Cross Road (videos)">
Cross Road (videos)

Cross Road is a video release of music videos by rock band Bon Jovi, coinciding with the bands greatest hits album of the same name. It contains 16 of the band's music videos, 4 of which previously unreleased. It won a 1994 Metal Edge Readers Choice Award for Best Video Cassette.
Additional information.
Although "Cross Road" has never been officially been released on DVD by the band, various unofficial bootleg DVDs are in circulation in some parts of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19357654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357654" title="1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's 100 metres hurdles">
1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's 100 metres hurdles

These are the official results of the Women's 100 metres hurdles event at the 1994 European Championships in Helsinki, Finland. The final was held on 9 August 1994.
Semifinals.
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19357666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357666" title="2008–09 Ebbsfleet United F.C. season">
2008–09 Ebbsfleet United F.C. season


</doc>
<doc id="19357668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357668" title="Alt Pirineu i Aran">
Alt Pirineu i Aran

Alt Pirineu i Aran (in Catalan Vegueria de l'Alt Pirineu i Aran) is one of the seven vegueries (territories) defined by the Regional Plan of Catalonia. It is located in the Catalan High Pyrenees (in Catalan "Alt Pirineu").
It is formed by six "comarques" (roughly equivalent to a county): Alt Urgell, Alta Ribagorça, Baixa Cerdanya, Pallars Jussà, Pallars Sobirà and Val d'Aran. Val d'Aran has an autonomous government called Conselh Generau d'Aran.
The veguerie of Alt Pirineu i Aran is the largest territory, with 18% of Catalonia's total surface area, but the one with the least population (69,335 inhabitants), with a density of 12.2 inhabitants/km2 (31.5/mi2).
Veguerie.
The Veguerie (Vegueria in Catalan) was an important feudal land division in the Principality of Catalonia, the Kingdom of Sardinia, and the Duchy of Athens during the Middle Ages until the Nueva Planta decrees of 1716. It was the primary division of a county in Catalonia and the basic territorial unit of government in Sardinia and Athens after those countries became part of the Crown of Aragon. The office of a veguer was called a "vigeriate" (Latin: "vigeriatus").
In 1936, Catalonia was reconstituted into "comarques". Although these were quickly abolished in 1939 they were reconstituted again in 1987. Each "comarca" was grouped with two to four others into a veguerie, of which there were nine, with their capitals at Barcelona, Girona, Tremp, Vic, Manresa, Lleida, Reus, Tarragona, and Tortosa.
Since the 1987 reconstitution it has been decided that Vegueries will be formally re-established in 2011. Under the 2006 Statute of Autonomy of Catalonia, the four provinces which make up Catalonia are due to be replaced by seven vegueries, which will also take over many of the functions of the "comarques". As of October 2008, the final boundaries of the new vegueries have yet to be formally approved, they are expected to incorporate largely historical boundaries: Àmbit metropolità de Barcelona, Alt Pirineu i Aran, Camp de Tarragona, Comarques Centrals, Comarques Gironines, Ponent or Lleida, Terres de l'Ebre.

</doc>
<doc id="19357673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357673" title="Maxime Jasse">
Maxime Jasse

Maxime Jasse (born 4 January 1988 in Villefranche-sur-Saône) is a French footballer who plays as defender for FC Villefranche who are based in his hometown.

</doc>
<doc id="19357683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357683" title="Margaret Dunn">
Margaret Dunn

Margaret Dunn is an Irish bagpiper, originally from Cullen, Co. Cork, now living in Scotland. She started learning the pipes when she was 9 years old and was initially taught by her father Con Houlihan. She later received lessons from Stephen Power (ex Scots Guards) and moved to Scotland when she was 17 to study piping. Dunn is Pipe Major of Cullen Pipe Band from Cork. The band became world
champions in Grade 3B in 2007.
While in Scotland she joined the grade 1 Shotts and Dykehead Caledonia Pipe
Band and with them won the World Pipe Band Championships in 2000. In 2003 Dunn graduated from the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama, with an honours degree in Scottish Traditional Music.
In 2003 Dunn became the first ever female to win an A grade
Light music competition and in 2008 went on to be the first female to ever
play on the Former Winners March Strathspey & Reel competition stage at the
Argyllshire Gathering in Oban.

</doc>
<doc id="19357692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357692" title="KBXB">
KBXB

KBXB (97.9 FM, "B97.9") is a radio station licensed to serve Sikeston, Missouri. The station is owned by Withers Broadcasting Companies and licensed to Withers Broadcasting Company of Southeast Missouri, LLC. It airs a country music format. KBXB serves Sikeston and Southeast Missouri, Southern Illinois, Western Kentucky, extreme Northwestern Tennessee, and extreme Northeastern Arkansas.
The station was assigned the KBXB call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on June 29, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19357693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357693" title="Ericsson T39">
Ericsson T39

The Ericsson T39 was a GSM mobile phone released by Ericsson Mobile Communications in 2001, it was the follow-up to the T28 and T29.
The prototype, which was unveiled in 2000, was the second phone with built-in Bluetooth, while the first was "Ericsson R520M".
Specification.
- GSM Tri-band (900/1800/1900)
- Form Factor: Flip
- Weight: 86 g
- Screen: 101 x 54 Monochrome LCD
- Bluetooth (1.0b)
- IrDA
- SMS, E-mail, WAP 1.2.1, GPRS, HSCSD
The T39 came in 3 different colour options; Classic Blue which was a dark blue, Icecap Blue which was a light blue, and Rose White which was a cream colour. The T39 was the last phone from Ericsson with an active flip and external antenna.

</doc>
<doc id="19357694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357694" title="Ferdinand Freiherr von Beschwitz">
Ferdinand Freiherr von Beschwitz

Ferdinand Freiherr von Beschwitz (December 26, 1798 – August 26, 1874), Lord of the Fideicomis of Arnsdorf in the Kingdom of Saxony, was a German Nobleman.
Marriage and children.
He married on August 15, 1822 Augusta Amalie von Oppel (March 10, 1803 – Dresden, March 13, 1879) and had issue, among whom a son Moritz Wilhelm Wolf Freiherr von Beschwitz.

</doc>
<doc id="19357708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357708" title="Shri Nathjidada Ni Jagya">
Shri Nathjidada Ni Jagya

Shri Nathjidada's jagya - Danidhar is a temple complex located at , just off the Kalavad-Junagadh road in Jamnagar, Gujarat, India.
Other nearby temples include Nana Ranuja Temple, Shri Varudi Mataji Temple, and Shri Shitla Mataji Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="19357711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357711" title="Alumni Cantabrigienses">
Alumni Cantabrigienses

Alumni Cantabrigienses: A Biographical List of All Known Students, Graduates and Holders of Office at the University of Cambridge, from the Earliest Times to 1900 is a biographical register of former members of the University of Cambridge which was edited by John Venn (1834–1923) and his son John Archibald Venn (1883–1958) and published by Cambridge University Press in ten volumes between 1922 and 1953. Over 130,000 individuals are covered, with more extended biographical detail provided for post-1751 matriculants.
Publication history.
John Venn, a fellow and later president of Caius College, Cambridge, began this huge project after completing a biographical register of members of his own college. Part I of "Alumni Cantabrigienses", in four volumes, covered those who matriculated at Cambridge up to 1751. Although publication was delayed by World War I, Venn lived to see the first two volumes of Part I published before his death in 1923. They were a collaboration between Venn and his son, J. A. Venn, fellow and (from 1932) president of Queens' College, Cambridge: "Alumni Cantabrigienses" was continued by J. A. Venn as "the work which occupied him for most of his life". With support from the syndics of Cambridge University Press, Venn saw the two remaining volumes of Part I through the press, and (from 1940 to 1954) six volumes comprising Part II, covering 1752–1900 matriculations.
Beyond details of an individual's progression at the University of Cambridge, the information provided in "Alumni Cantabrigienses" may include: dates and place of birth and death; the names of parents, siblings and spouses; schooling, occupation, and notable accomplishments; and references to sources cited. The Venns compiled "Alumni Cantabrigienses" from university records (matriculation registers and degree lists), written sources, and archives which included college admission registers, episcopal registers, college accounts, genealogical collections and documents in public record offices. For pre-1500 matriculations, their work has been superseded by that of A. B. Emden, but "the bulk of the work [...] has not been paralleled, let alone surpassed", and "Alumni Cantabrigienses" has twice been reprinted in facsimile. An ongoing project at the University of Cambridge is integrating "Alumni Cantabrigienses" with Emden's material, registers of women's colleges (members of Girton and Newnham colleges were not given full university membership until 1947) and other sources — amounting to over 20,000 cards of addenda and corrigenda — to be published online as a searchable database.

</doc>
<doc id="19357714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357714" title="John Majhor">
John Majhor

John Majhor (28 November 1953 – 23 January 2007) was a radio and television host, most noted for his work in Toronto, Canada.
Early years.
Walter John Majhor was born in San Bernardino, California and grew up in various Mid-West states and finally settling in Vermillion, South Dakota. His radio days began at a small station in Vermillion and in Jacksonville, Florida before heading north to Canada.
Radio and television career.
He is best known for his work in Toronto with various radio and television stations, beginning in 1975 at 1050 CHUM. His television work included one of the first Canadian music video programs, "Toronto Rocks".
He remained in Toronto during the 1980s and 1990s except for a stint hosting a radio programme in Los Angeles from 1987 to 1990, Then from 1990 to 1993,he became the first lead anchor of E Entertainment Television, and the internationally syndicated late night show "After Hours",in which he and Cindy Bohay travelled the world, interviewing top level celebrities. He was the morning man at EZ Rock 97.3 and another stint at CFRB. He was host of the Prime (Canada) show "Bon Voyage",(1999) Citytv's "Lunch Television" and CFMT's "Video Singles".In his later years, he became the program diractor and afternoon dj of the "Bridge", in Charleston, South Carolina.
Later years and death.
Majhor left Canada for the United States in the late 1990s to work on radio and television voiceovers. In August 2006, he learned that he had contracted an incurable adenocarcinoma, a form of cancer. He died five months later, age 53, at his home in Young America, Minnesota west of Minneapolis. His ashes were spread in his adopted home state of South Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="19357716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357716" title="Split Level">
Split Level

Split Level were a Christian rock band from Ireland, whose career began in the mid-1980s and stretched into the 2000s.
History.
Split Level first began their career in the mid-1980s, playing local Christian gatherings and festivals in Ireland. A song of theirs appeared on a 1985 Word Records compilation called "The Buzz on the Streets". Their debut recording appeared in 1986 on Big Feet Records, followed by the 1987 release "Sons of Liberty" on What/Word. They began playing events in England soon after; by the end of the decade the group decided to move to England permanently. In 1991 they released "View of a World", their first record to be pressed on CD, on German label Pila Records. The full-length "Boomerang" followed in 1992 to critical acclaim in the Christian music press. The "European Christian Booksellers' Journal" named "Boomerang" Album of the Year in 1993. Their 1994 EP "Call Me White Call Me Black" was first recorded with the intent of selling during their Artists Against Racism tour in Germany, but was later tapped for general release. In 1995, the "European Christian Booksellers' Journal" gave Split Level its award for Best Christian Rock Band. Their next full-length, "glo.bal", was released in both the UK and the U.S. in 1997 on the American label Organic Records. Their 2000 live release was recorded in Ennepetal, Germany at the Christmas Rock Night festival 1998.
Split Level on Facebook.

</doc>
<doc id="19357739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357739" title="Thomas the Tank Engine">
Thomas the Tank Engine

Thomas the Tank Engine is a small fictional steam locomotive in The Railway Series books by the Reverend Wilbert Awdry and his son, Christopher. He is the titular character and became the most popular character in the series, and the accompanying television spin-off series, "Thomas & Friends".
Thomas is a tank engine, painted blue with red lining, and displays the running number one. All of the locomotives in The Railway Series were based on prototypical engines; Thomas has origins in the E2 Class designed by Lawson Billinton in 1913. 
Thomas first appeared in 1946 in the second book in the series, "Thomas the Tank Engine", and was the focus of the four short stories contained within.
In 1979, the British writer/producer Britt Allcroft came across the books, and arranged a deal to bring the stories to life as the TV series "Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends" (later simplified to "Thomas & Friends"). The programme became an award-winning hit around the world, with a vast range of spin-off commercial products.
Prototype and backstory.
When Awdry created Thomas, the engine existed only as a wooden toy made for his son Christopher. This engine looked rather different from the character in the books and television series, and carried the letters NW on its side tanks. Awdry claimed that this stood for "No Where"; as the Railway Series and its backstory developed, the railway Thomas and his friends worked on became known as the North Western Railway.
Thomas wasn't originally based on a prototype; rather, the initial stories were an accompaniment to the toy made for Christopher. After Awdry's wife encouraged him to publish the stories, the publisher of the second book in The Railway Series, "Thomas the Tank Engine", hired an illustrator named Reginald Payne. Awdry selected a real locomotive for Payne to work from to create authenticity; a Billinton designed 0-6-0 E2 Class of the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway. This may have been chosen simply because Awdry had a photograph to hand. Thomas is one of half a dozen locomotives fitted with an extension to the front of the water tanks. 
While the language used and the behaviours exhibited often closely resemble those of real locomotives there are some significant and artistic differences. For example, Thomas's wheels are driven by internal cylinders typical of such tank engines. The cranks and connecting rods are therefore not externally visible.
Awdry was unsatisfied with one detail of the illustration—the fact that the front end of his footplate featured a downward slope, which meant that his front and back buffers were at different levels. This was an illustrator's mistake that was perpetuated in subsequent books. The accident, in "Thomas Comes to Breakfast" was partly devised as a means of correcting this. Thomas has always been shown with a curved front buffer beam in the television series.
Unfortunately, despite creating the visual image of such an iconic character, Payne did not receive any credit for his work, and it is only since the publication of Brian Sibley's "The Thomas the Tank Engine Man" that he has started to receive major recognition. It had often been erroneously assumed that C. Reginald Dalby created the character, as he was responsible for illustrating books 3–11 and repainting the illustrations of book 1.
Thomas arrived on Sodor in 1915, when The Fat Controller bought the locomotive for a nominal sum to be a pilot engine at Vicarstown. After rescuing James in "Thomas & the Breakdown Train", he became a "Really Useful Engine" and was rewarded by being put in charge of the Ffarquhar branchline. Although Thomas is seen today on various heritage railways, the last of the LB&SCR E2 class was scrapped in 1963.
Thomas in The Railway Series.
Despite becoming the most popular character in The Railway Series, Thomas did not actually feature in the first book, "The Three Railway Engines" (namely Edward, Henry, and Gordon).
Thomas was described in the opening to "Thomas and Gordon", the first story in book number two, "Thomas the Tank Engine", as:
Thomas was used initially as a station pilot engine in the first three stories in book 2, but longed for more important jobs such as pulling the express train like Gordon; his inexperience prevented this. In the fourth story, "Thomas & the Breakdown Train", Thomas rescues James and is rewarded with his own branch line. He has remained in charge of the Ffarquhar branch ever since, with his two coaches Annie and Clarabel, and help from Percy and Toby. Thomas is generally depicted with a cheeky and even self-important personality. He believes that he should be more respected by the others, and he gets annoyed when he does not receive this respect. However, Percy and Toby are more than capable of standing up to him, and Annie and Clarabel often rebuke him.
He is aware of his fame in the real world, and following a visit to the National Railway Museum at York he became an honorary member of the National Collection, joining such legendary locomotives as Mallard, City of Truro, and Rocket.
Thomas has been the source of some friction between Christopher Awdry and his publishers, who repeatedly asked for more books centered around the character . Although Thomas was the most popular character in the books , both the Reverend Wilbert and Christopher Awdry had always treated the characters in the books as an ensemble, and so before the television series there had been only ten stories with Thomas named in the title, the four in each of "Thomas the Tank Engine" and "Tank Engine Thomas Again", plus "Thomas in Trouble" (in "Toby the Tram Engine") and "Thomas Comes to Breakfast (in "Branch Line Engines"). After the debut of the television series, there were five books explicitly named after Thomas: ("More About Thomas the Tank Engine", "Thomas and the Twins", "Thomas and the Great Railway Show", "Thomas Comes Home", "Thomas and the Fat Controller's Engines"). Some of these are rather tenuous in their links with the character: "Thomas and the Fat Controller's Engines" (the 50th anniversary volume, originally to be called "The Fat Controller's Engines") has only one story out of the four centred on Thomas; in "Thomas Comes Home", Thomas appears only on the last page, the rest of the book dealing with the other engines on his branch line while he was away at York.
TV series.
Thomas's on-screen appearances in the TV series (while in Britain, it was called Thomas & Friends, it was called Shining Time Station when it came to America) were created by Britt Allcroft. The first series of 26 stories premiered in September 1984 on the ITV Network in the UK, with Ringo Starr as storyteller and as Mr. Conductor in the first and second seasons. From 1991 to 1993, George Carlin replaced Starr as both the storyteller and as Mr. Conductor for the US, and continued narrating the stories until 1995. Michael Angelis narrated the series from 1991 to 2012 in the UK, while Michael Brandon narrated the series from 2004 to 2012 in the US. As of 2013, the series is narrated by Mark Moraghan.
Thomas's personality was originally faithful to the character of the books. As the show branched away from the novels however, modifications were made. Thomas became noticeably less arrogant and self-absorbed, developing a more altruistic and happy go lucky (if still rather over-excitable) side. He also no longer appears to be limited to his branch line and seems to work all over Sodor. These changes in his personality and duties are a result of his "star" status. He is the most popular character in the series, and therefore he has the largest number of appearances, appearing in all of the DVD specials and the movie Thomas & the Magic Railroad.
From Hero of the Rails onward, Thomas is voiced by Martin Sherman (US) and Ben Small (UK).
Models.
Thomas had his genesis, like Winnie-the-Pooh, in a toy for a small child. A wooden push-along toy from the early 1940s, predating Learning Curve by many decades, is the original Thomas made by the Reverend Awdry out of a piece of broomstick for his son Christopher. However, the Reverend was happy to endorse Payne's account that the locomotive was an LBSC E2, although the first Thomas on the Awdry's model railway, from Stuart Reidpath, lacked extended tanks. In the 1979 Thomas Annual, Awdry wrote:
"I bought Thomas in 1948 when I was writing "Tank Engine Thomas Again", and wanted to start modelling once more after a lapse of some twenty years. Thomas was one of Stewart Reidpath's standard models with a heavy, cast white metal body, and was fitted with his "Essar" chassis and motor. Stewart Reidpath is now dead, and his motors, let alone spare parts for them, have been unobtainable for years; but Thomas still keeps going! He is, as you might expect from his age, a temperamental old gentleman, and has to be driven very carefully indeed."
After Hornby produced the LBSC E2 tank in the late 1970s and early 1980s, Awdry gladly adapted one to take the role of Thomas on his layout, the Ffarquhar branch.
Despite Awdry's requests for models, to which Lines Brothers (later Triang-Hornby) responded with Meccano Percy in 1967, Hornby eventually adapted the tool to be Thomas when they started Railway Series models in the 1980s.
Awards.
Thomas was the only fictional character included in the "Independent on Sunday's" 2009 "Happy List", recognised alongside 98 real-life adults and a therapy dog for making Britain a better and happier place.
In popular culture.
Thomas has been referenced, featured and parodied many times in popular culture. In 2009, he appeared in The Official BBC Children in Need Medley where he was voiced by Ringo Starr, who narrated the first two series of "Thomas and Friends". In the British comedy show "Bobby Davro's TV Weekly", a spoof was created titled "Thomas The Tanked Up Engine" involving Jeremy, the pink engine. Bobby Davro provided the narration by impersonating the original narrator, Ringo Starr. In Cartoon Network's "MAD", Thomas the Tank Engine appears in "Thomas the Unstoppable Tank Engine," a crossover between "Thomas the Tank Engine" and "Unstoppable". A parody of Thomas the Tank Engine was in "Robot Chicken". The skit was called "Blow Some Steam." The narrator (Seth Green) spoke like Ringo Starr who was the first narrator for "Thomas and Friends". Thomas was voiced by Daniel Radcliffe. 

</doc>
<doc id="19357740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357740" title="Across America">
Across America

Across America is a colloquialism for an event that reaches the entire continental United States of America.
Items that use the phrase "Across America" in their name include:

</doc>
<doc id="19357741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357741" title="Savoy Place">
Savoy Place

Savoy Place is a large red brick building on the north bank of the River Thames in London. It is on a street called Savoy Place and Savoy Street runs along the side of the building up to the Strand. In front is the Victoria Embankment, part of the Thames Embankment. Close by are Savoy Hill House (best known for accommodating the BBC Savoy Hill recording studios), the Savoy Hotel and Waterloo Bridge. There are commanding views over to the South Bank and the London Eye.
History.
The Savoy Place is located at a site originally called Savoy Manor, taking its name from Peter II, Count of Savoy. He was given the land by Henry III on 12 February 1246 and built a palace on the site. After his death in 1268, the property was left to a French hospice. The Savoy Palace was extended by successive Earls of Lancaster and John of Gaunt, but was burnt down during the Peasants' Revolt of 1381. The palace was modified to become a prison in the 15th century.
In 1509, Henry VII left money in his will for a hospital. This was completed on the site in 1517 but it fell into decline and eventually became a military barracks and prison.
Various religious institutions were based on the site, including a Jesuit school. The area was also a retreat for Huguenots families. In 1723, a German Lutheran church was built on part of the site, but demolished in 1877 for the construction of the Thames Embankment.
Current building.
The current building, completed in 1889, was built to serve as an examination hall for the Royal College of Physicians and the Royal College of Surgeons. The foundation stone at the front of the building was laid by Queen Victoria on 24 March 1886.
On 1 June 1909, the Institution of Electrical Engineers bought the lease and various alterations were carried out by H. Percy Adams and Charles Holden. The building is currently the headquarters for the Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET), formed from the Institution of Electrical Engineers (IEE) and the Institution of Incorporated Engineers (IIE) in 2006.
Outside the building, there is a statue of the leading Victorian scientist Michael Faraday by the Irish sculptor John Henry Foley (1818–1874).
Savoy Hill House.
Behind Savoy Place is a building originally known as Lancaster House and later as Savoy Mansions. It was built in 1880 by the Savoy Building Company. Occupants included beer merchants, architects, solicitors, and even Turkish baths in the basement.
In 1923, the newly created British Broadcasting Company (BBC) leased spare space for its Savoy Hill broadcasting studios with the transmissions taking place from Marconi House in the Strand. The original two studios were increased to nine until in 1932 the BBC left the premises when it moved to the larger purpose-built Broadcasting House. Savoy Hill was bought by the IEE in 1984 and is now known as Savoy Hill House.

</doc>
<doc id="19357748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357748" title="KKDY">
KKDY

KKDY (102.5 FM, "Hot Country 102.5") is a radio station licensed to serve West Plains, Missouri. The station is owned by Central Ozark Radio Network, Inc. It airs a country music format. KKDY's signal can be heard from Seymour, Missouri to Doniphan, Missouri.
The station was assigned the KKDY call letters by the Federal Communications Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19357750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357750" title="Drummers Focus">
Drummers Focus

Drummer's focus is a private drum institute, founded in 1982 in Munich, Germany by Cloy Petersen. Today it is Europe’s biggest drum school. 
Drummer's focus has become famous for its unique and modern teaching concepts.
Education.
Drummer's focus provides education for both beginners and advanced students, both amateurs as well as professionals. They also offer an award to become a professional Teacher. The qualifications are comparable to a high-class university degree and officially accredited by the Bavarian Department of Education.
Drummer's focus runs over 1000 teaching units per week.
Sources.
<http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drummers_Focus>

</doc>
<doc id="19357757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357757" title="Tim Byles">
Tim Byles

Tim Byles CBE, joined Partnerships for Schools as Chief Executive in November 2006. He was previously Chief Executive of Norfolk County Council, where his achievements included raising the council’s performance substantially, creating a wide range of public private partnerships for improved service delivery, and developing trading subsidiaries turning over more than £100m per annum.
Before joining Norfolk in 1996 as one of the youngest chief executives in the country, Tim was Director of Economic Development at Kent County Council. During his time in Kent and Norfolk, he was involved in large-scale schools and commercial premises procurement projects.
Tim has worked extensively with central government in his roles as Chair of the Local Government Chief Executive’s Taskforce, the Local Government Construction Taskforce, and the Society of Local Authority Chief Executives (SOLACE), a position he held for four years. He also served as National Procurement Champion for the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister.
Tim received a CBE in the 2006 Queen's Birthday Honours list, for services to Local Government.

</doc>
<doc id="19357760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357760" title="USNS Private John R. Towle (T-AK-240)">
USNS Private John R. Towle (T-AK-240)

USNS "Private John R. Towle" (T-AK-240) was a "Greenville Victory"-class cargo ship that served as a commercial cargo ship during the final year of World War II. Post-war she was acquired by the U.S. Army as USAT "Private John R. Towle" until the 1950s when she was assigned to the U.S. Navy's Military Sea Transportation Service for various duties, including runs to Antarctica's McMurdo Sound.
Victory built in Oregon.
"Private John R. Towle" (AK-240) was laid down, under U.S. Maritime Commission contract, as "Appleton Victory" (MCV hull 162) by the Oregon Shipbuilding Corporation, Portland, Oregon, 9 December 1944; launched 19 January 1945; sponsored by Mrs. John Goodland, Jr.
World War II service.
She was delivered to the Maritime Commission, thence to the American Mail Line for operation, 23 March 1945. She operated along the Pacific coast for a year, was returned to the Maritime Commission.
U.S. Army service.
"Appleton Victory" was transferred to the Army Transportation Service (ATS) at New York City, in June 1946. Later returned to the U.S. West Coast, she was renamed "Private John R. Towle", 31 October 1947, and, under that name, continued to serve ATS until returned to the Maritime Commission; transferred to the Navy, and designated "AK–240" in March 1950.
U.S. Navy service.
Between 1950 and 1955, the Victory ship, assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) and manned by a civil service crew, continued cargo operations in the Pacific Ocean.
Antarctic operations.
Then reassigned to MSTS, Atlantic, she began preparations for her first Antarctic resupply mission. During the southern summers of 1956–57, 1957–58, 1959–60, and 1960–61 she steamed south to deliver cargo to McMurdo Sound. 
Needed elsewhere, the ice-strengthened AK did not return to Antarctic waters until the 1963–64 season. Since then, however, and into 1970, she returned annually to support the military and civilian personnel working there.
Post-war decommissioning and career.
During July 1974 "Towle" sustained ice damage to her hull off of Hamilton Inlet Labrador, Canada, and was assisted by the icebreaker "USCGC Edisto (WAGB-284)".
On 25 August 1980 "Private John R. Towle" was returned to the U.S. Maritime Administration and laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, James River Group, Lee Hall, Virginia. She was struck from the Navy List on 31 July 1982 and was sold for scrapping on 4 June 1982.
Honors and awards.
Eligible vessel personnel were authorized the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19357769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357769" title="Robert Charles Bell">
Robert Charles Bell

RC Bell (1917-2002) was the author of several books on board games, most importantly "Board and Table Games 1 & 2" (reprinted as "Board and Table Games from Many Civilizations"). This work won the Premier Award of the Doctors' Hobbies Exhibition, London. He was instrumental in popularizing traditional games, and is acknowledged as one of 11 "principal sources" in David Parlett's "Oxford History of Board Games".
Life.
He was born 1917 in Sudbury, Ontario; came to England in 1928; and was educated at Haileybury College, Hertfordshire and St Bartholomew's Hospital by 1941. He became a consultant plastic surgeon and was on the editorial board of the British Journal of Plastic Surgery. Outside medicine, Bell was a polymath who became an international authority on board games and wrote books for collectors on Tyneside Pottery and Trade Tokens. His first work on games was "Board and Table Games" (1960), and he later produced many articles on coin collecting for World Coins.
He died in 2002. As of 2007, much of his extensive collection of games and game paraphernalia resides at the University of Durham.
Categories of board & table games.
Bell gives origins, history and some game-playing details for some 180 games in the 2 volumes of his main work ("Board and Table Games"). He divides board games into four main categories:
Bell used the basic categories suggested by Murray with some alterations. Because his treatment extended beyond board games, Bell also included the categories of Dice and Domino games; and in his second volume added Games of Words and Numbers, Card Games Requiring Boards, and Games of Manual Dexterity. In addition, there is mention of the sub-genre of Solitaire and Puzzle games. 
Bell drew on a wide range of sources, including Edward Falkener, Stewart Culin, Willard Fiske, HJR Murray, John Scarne, and many others; as well as his own research and collection.
Publications.
Books about Board and Table Games.
Robert Charles Bell MB, FRCS (R. C. Bell)
Robbie Bell and Michael Cornelius
Other Books.
R. C. Bell
R. C. Bell and M. A. V. Gill
R. C. Bell and Simon Rodway
Edited by R. C. Bell

</doc>
<doc id="19357772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357772" title="Marc Fachan">
Marc Fachan

Marc Fachan (born 25 January 1989) is a French footballer who plays for USJA Carquefou as a right defender.
Club career.
Born in Tarbes, Hautes-Pyrénées, Fachan began his career at the age of six at F.C. Castelmaurou, joining seven years later AS Villeneuve, in Haute-Garonne. In 2004 he completed his football formation, joining Tarbes-Pyrénées Football, where his father, Jean-Louis, coached.
In summer 2007 Fachan signed with Ligue 1 outfit AJ Auxerre, playing almost exclusively with its reserves. Two years later he was released and left for Ukraine, joining FC Dynamo Kyiv. However, only one month after, on 26 July 2009, he left the club, returning immediately to his country.
In late August 2009 Fachan joined Spanish side Gimnàstic de Tarragona, making his second division debut on 12 September against Real Sociedad, replacing veteran Mingo for the second half of a 1–2 home defeat.
Fachan did not appear in any league games in the 2010–11 season. On 10 August 2011, "Nàstic" and the player mutually agreed to terminate his contract and, shortly after, he signed with another club in the country, third level's Deportivo Alavés.
International career.
Fachan was first selected for France's U19 in December 2008, appearing on the 12th against Italy, at Rende.

</doc>
<doc id="19357778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357778" title="Allison Lynn">
Allison Lynn

Allison Lynn (born 1971) is an American novelist. She is best known for "Now You See It" (Simon & Schuster, 2004), which tells the story of an American woman's disappearance and her husband's search for her. The novel won the William Faulkner Award and the Bronx Chapter One Prize. US Weekly named the novel a "hot book pick" in the summer of 2004.
Lynn is a graduate of Dartmouth College and New York University's Creative Writing Program, where she recently taught courses in fiction. She used to live in New York City with her husband, the novelist Michael Dahlie (A Gentleman's Guide to Graceful Living), but they and their son now reside in Indianapolis. She teaches at Butler University. Her second novel, "The Exiles," was published by New Harvest/Houghton Mifflin Harcount in July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19357795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357795" title="Abcsearch">
Abcsearch

ABCSearch (a subsidiary of Internext Media Corp.) is an internet based private company that provides online pay-per-click advertising campaigns for advertisers and ad agency clients to generate consumer leads and sales. Revenue is primarily earned from online advertising by delivering contextual and search ad listings based on pre-determined targets and criteria, to third-party ad networks and marketing affiliates.
Company history.
The ABCSearch founders have been in the online ad industry since 1995. ABCSearch is a subsidiary of Internext Media Corp. based in Encino, California. ABCSearch launched in early 2001 and is an alternative to Google with over five billion searches per month and geotargeting. In November 2007 ABCSearch signed a search distribution deal with Yahoo to expand access in Canada, Australia, New Zealand and India.
In March 2008 ABCSearch acquired social search engine Aftervote.com. While at ad: tech San Francisco in April, ABCSearch announced a major partnership with AdWatcher, a third party service that helps businesses manage and optimize their online advertising campaigns.
In July 2008 ABCSearch relaunched Aftervote as Scour.com, offering cash incentives for users to comment on results.
Controversy.
ABCsearch has been linked to spyware link jacking Panda Security.
The founders of ABC search, Daniel Yomtombian, has been involved in questionable spam ventures.

</doc>
<doc id="19357806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357806" title="Contact type">
Contact type

In mathematics, more precisely in symplectic geometry, a hypersurface formula_1 of a symplectic manifold formula_2 is said to be of contact type if there is 1-form formula_3 such that formula_4 and formula_5 is a contact manifold, where formula_6 is the natural inclusion. The terminology was first coined by Alan Weinstein.

</doc>
<doc id="19357854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357854" title="Aram Khalili">
Aram Khalili

Aram Khalili (, born 28 July 1989) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a striker for Bryne FK. He is of Kurdish descent and was born in Iran, but moved to Norway in 1997. Khalili has represented Norway at youth international level.
Early life.
He was born in Bukan, Iran, but came to Kristiansand, Norway in 1997.
Club career.
Khalili joined the Start youth system in 1999. He made his debut for Start in 2006, and made his breakthrough to the first team in 2008. In January 2011 he signed for Bodø/Glimt.
International career.
He has also been capped for Norway U-21.
Personal life.
Khalili is of Kurdish-Iranian descent. He is a Christian.

</doc>
<doc id="19357855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357855" title="History of Freemasonry in Belgium">
History of Freemasonry in Belgium

The history of Freemasonry in Belgium reflects the many influences on what is now Belgium from the neighbouring states.
18th century.
In the 18th century, Belgium was made up of 2 states - the Austrian Netherlands and the Prince-Bishopric of Liège.
Austrian Netherlands.
Freemasonry in the Austrian Netherlands was very varied in its origins and expressions. The source of this fragmentation was to be found particularly in the complexity of its institutions, the influence of the government or surrounding powers, and its very deeply rooted local sense of identity.
The first Belgian lodge was founded in 1721 in Mons, under the name "La Parfaite Union" ("The Perfect Union"). It has frequently changed its name and allegiance since then, but still exists today as number 1 of the Grand Orient of Belgium. Other, more short-lived lodges seem to have been created in Ghent and Tournai in 1730. The first evidence of masonic activity in the provinces dates to 1743, in Brussels. This would be the "La Discrète Impériale" ("The Discrete Imperial") lodge of Aalst which would have number one on the tablet of the order of the Provincial Grand Lodge (Grande loge provinciale) of the Austrian Netherlands, the mother-lodge of London several times recognising it as the oldest in the region. It disappeared with the Provincial Grand Lodge of the Austrian Netherlands.
Thanks to the War of the Austrian Succession, from 1746 several lodges formed under the influence of French forces occupying the country and of the Grand Lodge of France (of which a French prince de sang, Louis de Bourbon Condé, Comte de Clermont, was Grand Master). These lodges received their patents from the Grand Lodge of France, the Grand Lodge of London, the Grand Lodge of Holland or the Grand Lodge of Scotland - for example, the "Parfaite Union" ("Perfect Union") Lodge at Namur, one of the "ancient" lodges, which in 1777 became the "Bonne Amitié" ("Good Friendship") lodge in Namur). After the Treaty of la Barrière in 1715, Batavian troops (also including English and Scottish troops) occupied the strongholds of the Austrian Netherlands (notably Namur, Tournai, Veurne, Ypres, Warneton) for a long and difficult period, and it was probably this that led to the creation or confirmation of more lasting lodges.
Another event, within freemasonry itself, accelerated the demand for patents from the non-French masonic authorities. Internal disputes within the Grand Lodge of France led to its suspension in 1767, a result of the Convent's secession from this Grand Lodge in Paris, having been excluded in previous years. From then on lodges in the Austrian Netherlands came to feel isolated. This was certainly the case for the "Vraie et Parfaite Harmonie" ("True and Perfect Harmony") lodge in Mons (English patent, received January 1770), probably also for the "Discrète Impériale" in Aalst (English patent, received June 1765) and perhaps for the "Parfaite Union/Bonne Amitié" in Namur (Scottish patent, received February 1770). In 1770, the Provincial Grand Lodge of the Austrian Netherlands formed, dependent on the Grand Lodge of London (the "Moderns"), made up of 26 lodges and with the Marquis de Gage as its Grand Master. It was centred on de Gage's own lodge "la Vraie et Parfaite Harmonie" in Mons, the most brilliant of the 18th century Austrian Netherlands.
It was in Brussels that Belgian Freemasonry was particularly important, with Masons frequently coming from its noble families. Also the ULB (Université Libre de Bruxelles) was also founded by several Masons, many of whom were also Catholics, following an appeal by the Lodges of Belgium. To quote the writer Liane Ranieri"Originating from Brussels' Masonic lodges, Brussels' University largely benefitted from the communal authorities; [there were 25 Masons out of its 31 administrators". An imperial edict of Joseph II of January 1786 reduced the number of lodges in Brussels to 3 and banned them in all the other towns and cities. The Marquis de Gage tried to stall the edict but to no avail, and on 26 June that same year he was dismissed. Of the 3 official lodges in Brussels, only one truly continued the struggle.
It is useful to underline that the majority of 18th century lodges belonged to one man who became his lodge's President and so usually died out when he or his descendents died out. Examples of this include the "Parfaite Union" (Fonson family), "Vraie et Parfaite harmonie" (Marquis de Gage) and "Union des cœurs" ("Union of Hearts", by the chevalier de Sicard) lodges. Others, like the "Parfaite Union/Bonne Amitié" of Namur, did not have this characteristic and had presidents who succeeded each other quite regularly. This was why Joseph II's edict more surely put to sleep the majority of lodges of this era.
Nevertheless, a number of lodges continued to operate in secret. These were helped by the Brabant Revolution, whose beginnings can be seen as early as 1787 and which broke out in earnest in 1789 in the wake of the French Revolution. As a result there arose one lodge in Tournai, two in Mons, one in Namur, one in Antwerp and one in Luxembourg.
Prince-Bishopric of Liège.
The lodges in the principality of Liège, not submitted to the imperial edict of 1786, continued in a more classical manner.
In the principality of Liège, the first lodge seems to have been "La Nymphe" ("The Nymph") lodge of Chaudfontaine in 1749. In 1760, the prince-bishop banned freemasonry, but his successor François-Charles de Velbrück (1772–1784) belonged to and protected the Order (during the 18th century, several Catholic priests were also Freemasons.)
In 1774 the "Union des Cœurs" lodge was founded in Liège by chevalier Pierre de Sicard, who had already founded several lodges from which he profited (according to U. Capitaine) - in the lodge's regulations, the cost of a mallet, an apron, a lodge rug and other Masonic equipment was precisely stipulated! This was not the first time that the mercantile instinct had intruded into Freemasonry, with France's Grand Lodge also struggling against it at this time. This was why, Ulysse Capitaine tells us, there was a huge transfer of "brothers" from this lodge to the "la Parfaite Intelligence" ("The Perfect Intelligence") lodge, created in 1775 by the Grand Orient de France. A schism quickly took place in this lodge, with the creation of the "la Parfaite Egalité" ("The Perfect Equality") lodge, finally recognised by the Grand Orient de France in 1776. Another lodge, the "Indivisible", in Spa, was created by the Grand Lodge of Holland in 1778 and rejoined the Grand Orient de France (according to Ulysse Capitaine) in 1787.
The Grand Orient de Bouillon.
The Duchy of Bouillon, annexed from the Prince-Bishopric of Liège by French troops of Louis XIV, was a sovereign duchy set up for the Duc de Bouillon. Its dukes during the 18th century were Charles-Godefroy, then Godefroy-Charles de La Tour d'Auvergne, vicomte de Turenne. The La Tour d'Auvergne family in this era was strongly linked to the House of Stuart, deposed from the English throne (the Duke was the brother-in-law of James III of England), as well as being enthusiastic freemasons. This Grand Orient thus represented the "Jacobite" tendency within Freemasonry (named after James II of England), a Freemasonry traditionally finding its roots among the Catholic Scottish nobility and in a format based on the upper degrees of freemasonry. This Grand Orient was represented by one lodge, the "Saint-Charles de la Parfaite Harmonie", situated in Bouillon. Its presence was historically confirmed in 1763, but few documents on it survive. It was the origin for other lodges, such as "Amitié et Fraternité" in 1786 in Dunkirk. Its influence was probably more important than the surviving documents seem to show.
1795 to 1814.
The French Revolution decimated freemasonry in France itself - from around 700 lodges and 30,000 masons during the ancien regime, only around 30 lodges and a few thousand masons remained. - but led to a new start for Belgian freemasonry. This was due to the new French republic's annexation of the Austrian Netherlands in 1794, and its merger into France from 1795 to 1814. From 1798, thanks to French military lodges, the "Les Amis Philanthrope" lodge was created in Brussels, giving second wind to Belgian freemasonry and forming the basis for the most important Belgian Masonic works of the following century. The military lodges also caused a massive expansion in the number of new lodges (see the list below).
The French period was characterised by an important expansion in Freemasonry in what would become Belgium. These lodges were perhaps revolutionary, anticlerical and Francophile. They were above all, at least in appearances, strongly submitted to French imperial power - Napoleon, as emperor, favoured Freemasonry only because he controlled it. It was at this time largely Deist, if not Catholic, even if anti-clericalism was never really absent, and experience little tension with the Roman Catholic Church. This period came to an end with Napoleon's final defeat at the battle of Waterloo on 18 June 1815, by which time Belgium had 27 lodges.
1815-1830.
The treaty of Paris and the Congress of Vienna at the end of the Napoleonic Wars annexed Belgium to the kingdom of the Netherlands, with Belgian Freemasonry coming under Dutch instead of French influence. Some of its lodges disappeared with the end of French control, some of which were revived later. The Grand Lodge of the Netherlands (Grand Loge des Pays-Bas) formed at this time, with two administrative Grand Lodges (one for the north, known as Holland, and the other for the south, known as Belgium); the southern one included the "Bonne amitié" lodge of Namur, which was number one on the southern administrative Grand Lodge's tablet. Prince Frédéric d'Orange-Nassau became the overall lodge's Serenest Grand Master and Prince Charles-Alexandre de Gavre, a member of the "Bonne Amitié" lodge of Namur since the mid-1770s, became the southern lodge's official representative. Nevertheless, few records survive on the relations between the two administrative lodges and between the Serenest Grand Master and the various lodges, especially those in Belgium. These relations are illustrated by an episode in 1821 when the Belgian lodges suppressed the upper grades to replace them with a system of two contemporary grades to three top grades ("Élu" and "Maître Élu").
In effect, the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite was formalised in 33 grades in 1801 in Charlestown, to return to France in 1804. This Rite also proved highly successful across Europe and the Americas. It was in 1817 that a supreme council of this rite would be created in Belgium, on the initiative of the "Les Amis Philantropes" lodge. In 1818 the Primitive Scottish Rite, also known as the Namur Rite, was officially constituted, with the Prince de Gavre as its Grand Master - its origins date back to the 1780s but it only ever had 4 lodges in Belgium and held its last ceremony there in 1866.
It was not only the upper grades that were practised during this era - some lodges practiced the philosophical Scottish rite, others the rectified rite, the Misraïm rite, the system of Hérédom de Kilwinning, or even the system of two upper grades put in place by prince Frédéric d'Orange-Nassau, among others the "le Septentrion" lodge in Ghent. Thus the diversity of practises in the late 18th century was carried over into the first half of the 19th century
The Grand Orient of Belgium.
The period of Dutch influence came to an end with the Belgian Revolution of 1830.
Beginnings.
The birth of the kingdom of Belgium led in 1833 to the creation of the Grand Orient of Belgium, supported by Leopold I of Belgium, who had himself been initiated in the "Loge l'Espérance" at Berne in 1813. It was proposed that he become its Serenest Grand Master, but he declined the offer and instead gave that post to baron Goswin de Stassart, one of his closest collaborators. Stassert had been initiated in Paris around 1803 and was affiliated to the "Bonne Amitié" lodge of Namur on 1 May 1820, then to the "Les Amis philanthropes" lodge on 24 June 1835. Stassart took as his special representative Théodore Verhaegen. "La Bonne Amitié" took number one on the tablet of the Grand Orient of Belgium until 1898, when it ceded that position to the "Parfaite Union" lodge of Mons. Some lodges remained faithful to the Grand-Orient des Pays-Bas -, the "Septentrion" in Ghent did so until 1883 and only joined the Grand Orient of Belgium late on.
The lodges in Liège, Huy and Verviers created the "Fédération maçonnique belge" before joining the Grand Orient of Belgium in 1854. The creation of a new Grand Lodge for the new country of Belgium had rapidly caused these lodges problems over article 135 in the Masonic statutes, which forbade political and religious discussions in lodges, and they made unsuccessful attempts to have its suppressed. They then remained separate from the new Grand Lodge until the abrogation of this article in 1854.
In this era lodges were filled with military officers, so much so that F. Clément protested "…, we demand if there are still any officers in the army who have not yet been initiated"!
In the wake of the encyclical Mirari Vos of 1832 and the resultant episcopal letter from cardinal Englebert Sterckx and the episcopate in 1837 banning Catholics from being or becoming Freemasons, Belgian freemasonry became less Catholic in character, though it remained deist. However, it seems that the Belgian episcopate favoured the election of Stassart as Grand Master, having initially decided that the struggle against "Orangism" (i.e. Protestantism) was the priority and that a freemasonry detached from Protestantism would be nominally neutral but in fact favour Catholicism.
The struggle between the pro- and anti-clerical movements reached a crescendo. It had a bearing on public education, up to the point that in 1834 the "Les Amis Philanthropes" lodge founded the Université libre et laïque de Bruxelles, on the suggestion of Théodore Verhaegen in his discourse of 24 June 1834 to that lodge. The project then expanded massively, with several Catholic freemasons choosing freemasonry over the Catholic Church. Little by little Freemasonry came to recruit its members from the anti-clerical milieux, but the struggle was rough, as seen most of all in the changes in the Grand Lodge. For example, the old "Bonne Amitié" lodge at Namur came to be held at arm's length by its "ancients", members of the Primitive Scottish Rite, and so did not disappear despite the importance of the disaffiliations and dissensions caused by the encyclical. Other lodges, however, did not have the same opportunity.
The Baron de Stassart retired as Grand Master of the Grand Orient (until then a post held for life) on 16 June 1841, following his departure as governor of the Province of Brabant for not having favoured the election of a "Grand Maréchal du Palais" (he made a decision of the clerical type of the "Unionist" government) and facing the rise to power of socio-political movements within the lodge. 6,000 people gathered in the Parc de Bruxelles to show their solidarity with him, a considerable number for this era.
Political phase.
Notons que si la suppression de l'obligation de l'invocation du Grand Architecte de l'Univers par le Grand Orient de France en 1877 a eu des conséquences schismatiques importantes internes (voir Querelle du Grand Architecte de l'Univers) et dans les relations internationales de la franc-maçonnerie française, la même mesure prise quelques années plus tôt (1872) par le Grand Orient de Belgique n'a occasionné pour la franc-maçonnerie belge quasi aucun remous interne ou extérieur.
20th century.
The main defining feature of 20th century freemasonry was the creation of several female lodges, of mixed obediences. The second half of the century was also characterised by the structuralisation of international freemasonry into two blocks.
To 1914.
In 1900, Goblet d'Alviella became president of the Supreme Council (Upper Degrees of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite), after having been president of the Grand Orient of Belgium. He had an important international impact, organising the international conference of Supreme Councils in Brussels in 1907, at which 21/25 Supreme Councils were represented, including those from the United States of America but with the notable exceptions of the 3 "Supreme Councils" of Great Britain. This conference was repeated in Washington in 1912 and in Lausanne in 1922. In 1913, the Supreme Council of Belgium delivered the patents of constitutions from the Supreme Council of the Netherlands. It was at this moment that Freemasonry first took on a new international unity.
Without denying its past, at the start of the 20th century Belgian Freemasonry and its practices were now more classical in appearance, in an appeased spirit and very different to its appearance a hundred years before - obedience to the symbolic degrees (the first three degrees), to the Upper Degrees, often directed by the same man - in short, a Freemasonry that was expanding. Nevertheless, from this communal base, Belgian Freemasonry little by little became more diverse. A large part of Belgian Freemasonry as it stands today derives from this Grand Orient - Suprême Conseil unity at the start of the 20th century. The lay Flemish struggle, emanating from the Antwerp and Ghent lodges, at this point concentrated on the Flemishisation of the University of Ghent.
Women.
The main development in early 20th century Belgian Freemasonry, however, was the birth of mixed female-male Freemasonry and women's assertion of their equal right with men to become masons. The first female Belgian freemason was Isabelle Gatti de Gamond, initiated in the "Diderot" lodge of the Grand Symbolic Scottish Rite Lodge (French in origin) around 1903. She was later invited to a Masonic meeting at the "Amis philanthropes" lodge, but she fell sick (dying in 1905) and this meeting did not occur. In 1905 the first lodge of Le Droit Humain was created in Amsterdam, the Cazotte lodge (number 13), inaugurated by Georges Martin: a delegation from the "Amis du Commerce et de la Persévérance Réunis" and "Amis Philanthropes" lodges was sent to it and these two lodges decided to affiliate to it, with the idea of creating a lodge of this jurisdiction in Belgium. Concerning the presence of women in a lodge, the Grand Orient of Belgium pronounced the recreation of lodges of adoption in the image of those of 18th century French lodges of that type! These lodges of adoption formed the basiss for the creation of the Grande Loge féminine de France after the Second World War.
On 21 November 1910, the "les Amis Philanthropes" lodge, under the presidency of Henri Lafontaine, welcomed the founder of Le Droit Humain along with Maria Deraismes, Georges Martin and other male and female freemasons to a conference. The Grand Orient quietly condemned the move, and the "Les Amis Philanthropes" lodge split, speeding up the formation of the first Le Droit Humain lodge in Belgium out of the pro-female masons who had split from "Les Amis Philanthropes". This was to be the "Égalité" ("Equality") lodge, number 45, which was officially inaugurated in 1912. Unfortunately the death of Isabelle Gatti de Gamond meant the new lodge had no high-profile woman to recruit for it and so was mainly made up of men. Only in the inter-war period did women take up leadership responsibilities in this jurisdiction in Belgium, which became autonomous in 1928 with (at first) 6 lodges. This autonomy came with the 1928 formation of the Fédération belge du Droit Humain as a mixed-sex Grand Lodge, and saw a continuing expansion (whilst the Grand Orient of Belgium seeing its numbers neither rise nor fall during the inter-war period and remaining hostile to the Droit Humain until after the Second World War). The Grande Loge féminine de France was created in 1952, with a solely female membership. This jurisdiction later created lodges in other countries, with Belgium' first forming in 1974. The Women's Grand Lodge Of Belgium formed in 1981.
1914-1945.
During the First World War Belgium was almost wholly occupied by Germany and the lodges suspended their operations. The period was marked by the "Call to the Grand Lodges of Germany" organised by Charles Magnette, Grand Master of the Grand Orient of Belgium, on 27 September 1914, aiming to have the occupying troops exactions on the Belgians examined by an independent commission. This received two polite responses from seven close jurisdictions. Magnette relapsed in 7 November 1915 to prevent the massive deportation of Belgian workers to Germany and was arrested and imprisoned by the occupying authorities for subversion for the duration. The lodges resumed their work when peace came, but found new enemies in the dictators of the right and left (with the former finding Masonry's emphasis on free thought dangerous, and the latter reproaching it for "class collaboration").
In 1921 the "Association Maçonnique Internationale" (A.M.I.) was created on the initiative of the Swiss Grand Lodge Alpina and with the active participation of Charles Magnette. Like the vast majority of international Freemasonry (with the notable exception of the Grand United Lodge of England), the Grand Orient of Belgium adhered to this organisation, though the Grand Lodges of New York and the Netherlands soon left it.
On the German invasion on 10 May 1940, Freemasonry was banned. With the aid of a list of Freemasons published in a conservative Catholic newspaper, the occupiers arrested, deported and assassinated several Masons, such as Georges Pêtre, president of the supreme council in 1942, and Jules Hiernaux, Grand Master of the Grand Orient of Belgium in 1944. Belgian Masonic life continued in exile in London and New York, and even secretly in the concentration camp at Esterwegen (the "Liberté chérie" lodge) and the PoW camp at Prenslau (the "L'Obstinée" lodge).
Post-war.
On Belgium's liberation, Masonry resumed but its numbers had fallen by a quarter. In 1950, the "Association Maçonnique Internationale" was dissolved by the Grande Loge suisse Alpina which had created it. On 15 May 1954 the Convention of Luxembourg was signed, combining the United Grand Lodges of Germany, the Grand Orient of the Netherlands, the Grande loge suisse Alpina, etc. This convention enumerated the six proofs of regularity to which jurisdictions had to subscribe in order to be mutually recognised. The United Grand Lodge of England later joined this movement, becoming the regulator of Masonic regularity. The schism between "regular" and "liberal" Freemasonry became official at this date, even if in 1958 the Grand Orient of the Netherlands unsuccessfully tried to reconcile the Grands Orient de France and Grand Orient of Belgium to the international movement which it was creating. In 1959 5 lodges aspiring to greater "regularity" formed the "Grand Lodge of Belgium", dragging in their wake Belgium's Supreme Council, which broke off relations with the Grand Orient of Belgium in 1960. The Grand Lodge of Belgium was recognised by the United Grand Lodge of England in 1965. On 22 January 1961, in reaction, the CLIPSAS was created to gather together the "liberal" jurisdictions (most important among them the Grand Orient of Belgium, the Grand Orient de France and the Droit Humain). This grouping ran into difficulties in 1995, leading to the creation of "AMIL".
In 1979, a schism occurred in the Grand Lodge of Belgium with the creation of the Regular Grand Lodge of Belgium, dragging along a so-called "Grand et Suprême Conseil de Belgique" via a schism in the Supreme Council of Belgium. This new Grand Lodge finally became the only one in Belgium to be recognised by the United Grand Lodge of England. This led to a rapprochement between the Grand Lodge of Belgium and the Grand Orient of Belgium, with accords of mutual recognition and cooperation officialised in 1989.
New Upper Degrees jurisdictions were also created: the "Grand Collège du Rite Écossais pour la Belgique" (originally recruiting only from the Grand Orient of Belgium), the remains of the "Supreme Council "of" Belgium" (originally recruiting only from the Gand Lodge) and the "Supreme Council "for" Belgium" (originally recruiting from both). Later both these all-male "Supreme Councils" were merged. Even Belgium's male-female Droit Humain and the Grande Loge Féminine have their own systems of Upper Degrees.
Other jurisdictions and rites were also present in Belgian, but in a quite secretive manner. Among them, the most important rite was the Rite of Memphis-Misraim, long present in Belgium and now co-operating with most of the "liberal" Belgian masonic associations.
At the end of the 20th century, Belgian freemasonry thus had a very diversified appearance and a great wealth of practices, with a number of female and male freemasons that it has not reached since its origins.

</doc>
<doc id="19357858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357858" title="Nav Ratan">
Nav Ratan

Nav Ratan or Navratan (Hindi: "nine jewels") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19357864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357864" title="1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's heptathlon">
1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's heptathlon

These are the official results of the Women's heptathlon competition at the 1994 European Championships in Helsinki, Finland. The competition was held on 8 August and 9 August 1994.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19357897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357897" title="Soong Ching-ling Memorial Residence (Shanghai)">
Soong Ching-ling Memorial Residence (Shanghai)

The Soong Ching Ling Memorial Residence (), located at 1843 Middle Huaihai Road, is the former residence of Soong Ching-ling (wife of President Sun Yat-sen) in Shanghai, China, from 1948 to 1963. It is in the west part of the former French Concession area, built in the 1920s by a Greek shipping magnate.
It covers a land area of 4,333 sq. meters, and comprises a white three-story building and front and back yards.
History.
After the end of the Sino-Japanese War in 1945, Soong Ching-ling donated her residence, located at 29 rue Molière (present-day Xiangshan Road), to the government of the Republic of China as a memorial for her deceased husband, President Sun Yat-sen. In return the government conferred this house on her. In spring 1949, Soong moved from 45 Jingjiang Road to this residence, where she soon witnessed the capture of Shanghai by the Communist Party of China. 
After the establishment of the People's Republic of China, Soong served in several prominent positions in the central government, and her residence in Shanghai became an important working space. In the house, Song met not only senior CPC leaders, including Mao Zedong, Zhou Enlai, Liu Shaoqi, Chen Yi and Deng Yingchao, but also foreign statesmen, such as Sukarno, Kim Il Sung, Kliment Voroshilov, U Nu, Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan and Sirimavo Bandaranaike.
From April 1963, due to her work, Soong spent most of her time in Beijing, and only returned to Shanghai for occasional stays and holidays. On December 31 1978, Song returned to Shanghai for the Spring Festival and stayed there until the end of February 1979. This was her last stay in Shanghai. 
Soong died in Beijing on May 29, 1981. Her house in Shanghai was refurbished and opened to a limited circle in October. On October 22 of that year, the memorial residence was accredited with being a Shanghai Municipal Preserved Cultural Relic by the city government. It was opened to the public in May 1988, and became one of patriotic education sites in Shanghai. On June 25 2001, Song's memorial residence became a National Key Preserved Cultural Relic honored by the State Council.
Collection.
The residence hosts a collection of over 15,000 of Song' items. Among them, there are pictures, letters, Song's college diploma, collected books, daily utensils, presents from state activities, and also some articles belonging to her relatives. In addition, there are the seals of Sun Yat-sen, preserved by Song after many troubles.

</doc>
<doc id="19357904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357904" title="Bernard Onanga Itoua">
Bernard Onanga Itoua

Bernard Onanga Itoua (born September 7, 1988 in Blois) is a French footballer of Congolese descent. He currently plays for SV Elversberg.
On 22 July 2013, he joined SV Elversberg on a three-year contract. 

</doc>
<doc id="19357915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357915" title="Lycaena tityrus">
Lycaena tityrus

The Sooty Copper ("Lycaena tityrus") is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is . The butterfly flies from April to September, depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Rumex acetosa" and "Rumex acetosella".

</doc>
<doc id="19357925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357925" title="VIA Talas">
VIA Talas

VIA Talas (Serbian Cyrillic: ВИА Талас; trans. "VIE The Wave") were a former Yugoslav New Wave band notable as one of the participants of the "Artistička radna akcija" project. The band name featured the prefix "VIA" added to the former Yugoslav 1960s rock bands, which stands for "vokalno-instrumentalni ansambl" ("vocal-instrumental ensemble").
History.
The band was formed in the early 1980s by former BG 5 member Bojan Pečar (vocals, bass, guitar, synthesizer, percussion), Mira Mijatović (the daughter of the Yugoslav politician Cvijetin Mijatović, vocals), Dušan Gerzić "Gera" (saxophone, drums) and Miško Petrović "Plavi" (bass, guitar, backing vocals). The band participated the "Artistička radna akcija" ("Artistic Work Action") various artists compilation, featuring the second generation of Belgrade New Wave and punk rock bands, with two songs, "Hawai (najljepši kraj)" ("Hawai (The Most Beautiful Place)") and "Lilihip (My Boy Lollipop)", the later being a cover version of a Millie Small song "My Boy Lollipop". The band also performed as an opening act for Idoli at their first concert.
By the time the band had released their debut album "Perfektan dan za banana ribe" ("A perfect day for bananafish"), in 1983, under the name Talas, which got the title by the J. D. Salinger's short-story "A Perfect Day for Bananafish", Pečar and Mijatović were the only band members. The album featured eight songs, and the album's opening track "Sama" ("Alone") became a nationwide hit and appeared on the Svetislav "Bata" Prelić's "Šećerna vodica" movie soundtrack. The album, recorded at the Belgrade MS studio, was produced by Pečar and Boban Petrović and released through Sarajevo Disk in 3000 copies only. As guests on the album appeared Milan "Mića" Bubalo (drum machine), Ivan Vdović "Vd" (drums), Milan Mladenović (guitar) and Vuk Vujačić (saxophone).
The band's song "Ti" appeared on the "Ventilator 202 - Demo top 10" compilation., but, soon after, the band ceased to exist.
Post-breakup.
Mira Mijatović died of a drug overdose.
Gerzić worked as a designer and graphic artist and collaborated with Yugoslav New Wave bands like Haustor, Električni orgazam, Idoli, D' Boys and Ekatarina Velika. In 1986, he finished the Applied Arts studies in Belgrade and held numerous exhibitions in SFR Yugoslavia and abroad. He worked in Paris, New York, Toronto, and, in 1997, he returned to Belgrade where he died the following year.
Bojan Pečar joined Katarina II, which, after the release of their self titled album, was renamed to Ekatarina Velika, with whom he released four more studio and one live album. In early 1990 he left the band and moved to London and played in the band called Mission. He also wrote poetry and was a painter. On October 16, 1998, Pečar died of a heart attack in London.
The only surviving member of the band is Petrović. He joined D' Boys as guitarist and bass guitarist, until 1986, when he joined Piloti. In 1990 he joined Ekatarina Velika and released the song "Zvezde" on the compilation "S' one strane duge". He also started playing accordion and worked on several movie soundtracks and solo projects, and, in 2003, he formed the Miško Plavi Band with musicians from Serbia, India, United Kingdom and Israel. He also participated in the "Kao da je bilo nekad... Posvećeno Milanu Mladenoviću" tribute to Milan Mladenović and, with Miško Plavi Band, released two studio albums and a live album. He is the member of the Société des auteurs, compositeurs et éditeurs de musique and Association of Composers of Serbia and the owner of two golden and one platinum record.
In 2005, "Ti" was reissued on a PGP-RTS compilation "Specijal 2: Dan zaljubljenih"
Legacy.
In 1998, the various artists compilation "Ventilator 202 vol. 1", featuring the band's song "Ti", appeared on the 100th place on the 100 greatest Yugoslav popular music albums list, released in the book "" ("YU 100: The Best albums of Yugoslav pop and rock music").
In 2006, the song "Sama" was ranked No. 65 on the B92 Top 100 Domestic Songs list.

</doc>
<doc id="19357928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357928" title="Ryck">
Ryck

The Ryck is a river in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. 
From its source near Bartmannshagen, part of the Süderholz community northeast of Grimmen, the Ryck flows for about 28 km to the east, reaching Greifswald shortly before its mouth. The larger part of the river outside Greifswald is also referred to as "Ryckgraben". In Greifswald, the Ryck provided both the medieval Hanseatic port and natural salt evaporation ponds, as due to the low elevation, hypersaline water of the Baltic Sea is driven into the river by the wind, flooding the lower meadows on the Ryck's northern bank. 
In the High Middle Ages, the Ryck marked the southern border of the Principality of Rügen and the northern border of the County of Gützkow. West of Greifswald, the Ryck fed the "Boltenhägener Teich", a medieval lake.
The old Hanseatic port in Greifswald is now an open-air ship museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19357938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357938" title="1995 ABC Championship">
1995 ABC Championship

The 1995 Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Men were held in Seoul, South Korea. 

</doc>
<doc id="19357940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357940" title="John DiFronzo">
John DiFronzo

John DiFronzo (born December 13, 1928), known as John "No Nose" DiFronzo is a Chicago mobster and the reputed boss of the Chicago Outfit.
Criminal History.
A former enforcer and caporegime, DiFronzo was convicted along with then-current Chicago boss Samuel "Black Sam" Carlisi on federal racketeering charges in 1993, however, the conviction was reversed on appeal and DiFronzo was released from prison in 1994. DiFronzo's criminal record began in 1949. He got the nickname "No Nose" because he sliced off part of his nose while jumping through a window during a 1949 clothing store burglary. Reportedly, the police gave him back the nose part which was almost perfectly restored 
Becoming further involved in Chicago's underworld, DiFronzo was a suspect in the unsolved 1952 murder of Charles Gross, a Westside politician with suspected ties to organized crime. A member of the "Three Minute" Gang, DiFronzo was identified as a member of a loansharking operation along with former Chicago police officers Albert Sarno and Chris Cardi in 1964. He would later be chosen over acting syndicate boss Joseph Ferriola by imprisoned syndicate leader Joseph Aiuppa to head criminal operations in Chicago's western suburbs. Eventually, he became one of several defacto leaders running The Outfit in Chicago. He has a made man brother named Peter DiFronzo who was convicted of warehouse burglary. After the death of Carlisi in the late 1990s, DiFronzo was believed to have maintained as acting boss of the Chicago Outfit. 
In 2005, DiFronzo avoided indictment in the "Family Secrets" trial of top Chicago Mafia leaders in 18 unsolved murders. Other defendants were prominent Chicago mobsters James "Little Jimmy" Marcello and Joseph "Joey the Clown" Lombardo. As of 2011, DiFronzo is allegedly running the Chicago Outfit.
In 2009, John DiFronzo, Rudy Fratto and several others were alleged in a civil lawsuit by Joseph Fosco, the son of late Teamsters treasurer Armando Fosco, to have tried to extort $400,000 from Fosco.

</doc>
<doc id="19357963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357963" title="Battle of Beijing (1644)">
Battle of Beijing (1644)

The Battle of Beijing took place between February and April 1644 in the areas surrounding Beijing, and was fought between forces of the Ming Dynasty and rebel forces led by Li Zicheng.
Li Zicheng led his rebel army to attack the Ming capital Beijing from two directions (north and south). The eunuch official Du Zhizhi (杜之秩) ordered the Ming forces defending Beijing to open the city gates and let Li Zicheng's army in. After the fall of Beijing, the last Ming ruler, the Chongzhen Emperor, committed suicide by hanging himself from a tree near the Forbidden City. No actual battle was fought in Beijing itself because the rebels marched on the capital unopposed, and even after occupying Beijing, the rebels did not face any resistance. Li Zicheng then proceeded to establish the short-lived Shun Dynasty, which was subsequently defeated by forces of the Manchu-led Qing Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="19357980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19357980" title="Victor Deniran">
Victor Deniran

Victor Deniran (born 27 May 1990) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a defender.
Career.
Deniran started his career in Nigerian First Bank F.C. In winter 2008, Deniran went on a trial period with Slavia Sofia in Bulgaria and six months later signed first professional contract with the club. He was given the №14 shirt. He made his official debut in Bulgarian first division in a match against Litex Lovech on 9 August 2008. Victor played for 90 minutes. The result of the match was a 0–3 loss for Slavia.
Personal life.
His brother Ortega Deniran also plays for Slavia as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19358007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358007" title="Rite of Adoption">
Rite of Adoption

The Rite of Adoption was a Masonic rite which appeared in France in the 18th century. Lodges of adoption were usually attached to regular craft lodges, but admitted the female relatives of Freemasons to a mixed lodge with its own ritual. The number of degrees varied over its history, but the first three bore the same names as the craft degrees, although the pass-words and themes of the ritual were quite different.
After flourishing during the second half of the eighteenth century, spreading to much of continental Europe, the lodges were declared unconstitutional by the Grand Orient de France early in the nineteenth, then after almost a century of eclipse, revived as female only lodges in the early twentieth. It was these lodges who later adopted the Freemasonry of their male counterparts, becoming the Grande Loge féminine de France. 
The Rite of Adoption is often seen as a prototype for contemporary concordant bodies admitting the wives and daughters of Freemasons, such as the Order of the Eastern Star.
Upper degrees.
Different and specific systems of Upper Degree Masonry were added to the three symbolic degrees, though it is still uncertain whether the rituals for these upper degrees were used. One of these rituals was that of the Queen of Sheba, under the name of "Princess of the Crown", which was the highest of 10 degrees attested at the end of the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19358023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358023" title="Johannes Piscator">
Johannes Piscator

Johannes Piscator () (27 March 1546 – 26 July 1625) was a German Reformed theologian, known as a Bible translator and textbook writer.
He was a prolific writer, and initially moved around as he held a number of positions. Some scholarly confusion as to whether there was more than one person of the name was addressed in a paper by Walter Ong.
Life.
He was born at Strasbourg, and educated at the University of Tübingen. He became professor of theology at Strasbourg in 1573. Elector Frederick III experienced some resistance when he attempted to appoint him to the arts faculty at the University of Heidelberg in 1574, and Piscator eventually took a post at the preparatory Latin "Paedagogium" in Heidelberg.
After a confessional change in Heidelberg, he briefly served as deputy rector at the court school in Dillenburg in 1577 before being appointed professor of theology at the Casimirianum in Neustadt in 1578. He later served as rector at Moers in 1581 before settling into a productive career as professor at the Herborn Academy, from 1584 to 1625, where he was able to advance his Ramist pedagogy fully. He died at Herborn.
Works.
Piscator prepared Latin commentaries collectively of the New Testament (Herborn, 1595–1609) and the Old Testament (1612, 1618), and a German translation of the Bible (1605–19). He followed with "Anhang des herbonischen biblischen Wercks" (1610), noted for its wealth of archeological, historical, and theological material. 
He left a multitude of text-books in philosophy, philology, and theology, of which "Aphorismi doctrinæ christianæ" (1596) was much used.
In 2010 Piscator's Appendix to his Commentary on Exodus 21 - 23 has been translated and published under the title of "Disputations on the Judicial Laws of Moses".
Theologian.
His significance for theology was his opposition to the doctrine of the active obedience of Christ. "Whoever denies that Christ was subject to the law, denies that he was man." If the imputation of the active obedience were sufficient man would be free from obedience as well as from the curse. From being an advocate of supralapsarianism in the most extreme form, as in his controversy with Conrad Vorstius, Piscator became a pronounced Arminian.

</doc>
<doc id="19358024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358024" title="Curt Franz Wenzel Christoph Erdmann Graf Zedtwitz von Moraván und Duppau">
Curt Franz Wenzel Christoph Erdmann Graf Zedtwitz von Moraván und Duppau

Curt Franz Wenzel Christoph Erdmann Graf Zedtwitz von Moraván und Duppau (Asch, October 3, 1822 – Pressburg, November 19, 1909), Lord of Duppau in the Duppau Mountains with Sachsengrün in the Kingdom of Bohemia, and of Moraván with Duzó, Hubina, Nagy and Kis-Modó in the Kingdom of Hungary, was an Austrian-Hungarian-Bohemian military and nobleman from the house of Zedtwitz, son of Sigmund Erdmann Wilhelm Friedrich Graf von Zedtwitz (Asch, August 15, 1778 – Asch, July 7, 1847) and second wife (m. Schwarzbach, Thuringia, July 26, 1820) Emilie Friederike von Einsiedel (Wolftitz, July 2, 1798 – Duppau, Duppau Mountains, July 12, 1865).
Career.
He was a Gentleman of the Bedchamber and a Privy Councillor of the Emperor of Austria and a Lieutenant-Colonel of the Austro-Hungarian Army.
Marriage and children.
He married firstly in Weningen-Auma on March 6, 1849 Caroline Adelheid Ernestine von Schönberg (Hain, near Gera, July 31, 1826 – Schloss Moraván, February 16, 1894), daughter of Friedrich August von Schönberg and wife Caroline Christiane Freiin von Brandenstein, and had issue, among whom a daughter Alexandra Emilie Caroline Eugenie Henriette Adele Gräfin Zedtwitz von Moraván und Duppau (Schloss Duppau, September 15, 1861 – Schloss Arnsdorf, July 26, 1945), married in Dresden on January 27, 1885 with Heinrich Moritz Max Freiherr von Beschwitz (Otzdorf, December 23, 1859 – Schloss Arnsdorf, July 22, 1944), Lord of Arnsdorf with Gersdorf and Ottendorf in the Kingdom of Saxony, and had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19358047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358047" title="Warrnambool District Football League">
Warrnambool District Football League

Warrnambool District Football League is an Australian rules football competition based in the region of rural of Warrnambool. It is a twelve team competition starting in April and finishing in September. The league was founded in 1946.
Changing teams.
1947
1949
1951
1953
1957
1959
1965
1970
1977
1981
1984
1986
1988
1992
1997
2003
2006 Ladder.
FINALS 
2007 Ladder.
FINALS 
2008 Ladder.
FINALS 
2009 Ladder.
FINALS 
2010 Ladder.
FINALS 
2011 Ladder.
FINALS 

</doc>
<doc id="19358080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358080" title="Plebejus argyrognomon">
Plebejus argyrognomon

The Reverdin's Blue ("Plebejus argyrognomon") is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 25–30 mm. The butterfly flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Securigera varia" and "Astragalus glycyphyllos".

</doc>
<doc id="19358097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358097" title="Thanks to Science, We've Got Love">
Thanks to Science, We've Got Love

"Thanks To Science, We've Got Love" is Jonathan Seet's third album, not officially released to the public in CD format but released digitally in 2008. This is the first album of Seet's that includes a cover song, "I Will Wait For You."

</doc>
<doc id="19358110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358110" title="Women's Grand Lodge Of France">
Women's Grand Lodge Of France

The Women's Grand Lodge Of France ("Grande Loge féminine de France") is the Grand Lodge of France's women-only Masonic lodges.
History.
Starting in the 18th century, a system of Masonic cooperation by adoption came to attention of the Masons' wives and families. Many of these wives were involved in Masonic activities, although they were forbidden from entering Freemasonry itself by its founding texts of 1723. The force exerted by militants like Flora Tristan, Louise Michel and Maria Deraismes was decisive, however, with Deraismes received and initiated into a male ldoge in 1882 and founding, with Georges Martin, the Ordre maçonnique mixte international « le Droit humain » in 1893.
Female Freemasonry from then on became established, via the lodges of adoption, on which the male Freemasons unilaterally decided to confer autonomy in 1935. The following year 8 women's lodges came together to form the first "convent", the embryonic form of the future Women's Grand Lodge. They disappeared during the German occupation of France, with several members deported and others operating in secret and engaging in Resistance activity. In 1945, the first post-war convent re-formed under the presidency of Anne-Marie Gentily. In 1946, the jurisdiction was re-structured. In 1952, this "Union maçonnique féminine de France" officially became the Women's Grand Lodge of France. In 1959 it abandoned the rite of adoption in favour of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite.
From the 1960s onwards, 21 lodges were formed in France and one in Switzerland at Geneva, the "Lutèce" lodge. During the following decade, 76 women's lodges were created in France, Switzerland and Belgium and other rites were accepted. The patent of the French Rite was sent to the GLFF by the Grand Orient de France and on 10 March 1973 the first lodge of the French rite, "Unité", was formed, soon followed by many others. In 1972 the GLFF created the Women's Supreme Council of France.
Functioning.
The GLFF is administered by a federal council elected at the annual Convent.

</doc>
<doc id="19358114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358114" title="Centre of Excellence on Public Security">
Centre of Excellence on Public Security

The Centre of Excellence on Public Security (CEPS) is a think tank based in Rio de Janeiro in Brazil which studies aspects of public security, advocating multi-dimensional responses to Public Security issues. The CEPS works to bring together policy makers, operational law enforcement officers and independent experts, for dialogues towards generating innovative solutions to complex Public Security issues. The CEPS is overseen by a Scientific Advisory Board, whose chairman is Raymond Kendall, Honorary Secretary General of Interpol.
The CEPS has organised international dialogues on Public Security in Brazil and Africa, and coordinates dialogue on combating drug trafficking with Civil Police departments in the South Cone area on Brazil. CEPS is an initiative of The International Council on Security and Development (ICOS), a Security and Development Policy Group established by The Network of European Foundations.
The Global Media Centre directs their media outreach.
The Centre of Excellence on Public Security.
"The Centre of Excellence on Public Security" was established by The International Council on Security and Development (ICOS) in 2008 to bridge the gap between the perspectives of policymakers and practitioners with on-the-ground experience. The Centre facilitates dialogue and innovation on public security between key actors, encouraging a multi-sector approach that incorporates development and social policy with law enforcement strategies. The Centre offers research and consultancy services and works with governments to construct public security policies for the 21st century.
Public Security Scientific Board.
The activities of the Centre of Excellence are overseen by an international Scientific Board of leading experts and practitioners from law enforcement, academic and managerial backgrounds. The Board is chaired by Raymond Kendall, the Former Secretary General of Interpol.
Projects to date.
"First International Symposium on Public Security and Drug Policy, Rio de Janeiro:" Held in February 2008 in conjunction with the Brazilian National Public Security and National Antidrug Secretariats and the Federal Police Department, the Symposium brought together policy-makers, police officers, and drug policy specialists from around the world for a pragmatic reflection on drug policy design.
"Pact of Parana, Curitiba:" Bringing together the heads of narcotics departments from the six southern-cone states of Brazil, the First Pact, in May 2007, established commitments of interstate communication and cooperation, and quarterly meetings to deepen understanding of the multidimensional nature of narcotics challenges in the region.
"Africa – Brazil Public Security Dialogue, Entebbe: " Bringing together African and Brazilian public security policymakers and operators in July 2008, the event enabled a unique South-South exchange of experiences, and generated new ideas on the provision of public security in the face of 21st century challenges.

</doc>
<doc id="19358119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358119" title="NimbleX">
NimbleX

NimbleX is a small Slackware-based Linux distribution optimized to run from a CD, USB drive or a network environment. NimbleX has been praised for how fast it boots, as well as for its small disk footprint, which is considered surprising for a distribution using KDE as desktop environment. NimbleX was also remarked for its web site that allows users to generate custom bootable images using just a web browser. It was also covered in mainstream Romanian press as the first Linux distribution put together by a Romanian.
Features.
NimbleX is reported to boot fast; an important factor in user experience when running from optical media or USB drives. A review of the 2007 NimbleX edition noted: "Expect it to boot in less than half the time that a live CD from Fedora, Ubuntu, or Knoppix takes." A more recent review of the 2008 edition also noted NimbleX's speed: "It's easily one of the fastest bootups I've seen in a while. I even tried to hinder or cripple it's boot time, and even on a dog slow pendrive or an old as dirt test machine, it still booted amazingly fast. The desktop and applications are also very fast."
NimbleX is also a very compact distribution. A review of the 2007 edition wondered "how they managed to include KDE, not to mention the other applications", having included in the size of only 200 MB a window-based graphical user interface (a slimmed down KDE to fit), the Firefox web browser, the office documents editor KOffice, a PDF reader, a media player that can play almost all the file formats without the need to install a codec, the photo editing software GIMP, anti-virus and Bluetooth support integrated to name a few applications included.
As of 2008, the installation process of major Linux distributions can be customized by creating custom installation disks, usually called spins, but creating a spin requires a certain amount of expertise, and creating a spin that can run from the installation media requires further customization. NimbleX makes this process user-friendly by providing a web interface for the process, which is similar to that of some embedded Linux distributions, e.g. FreeWRT.
These features made the distribution popular early on: "To judge from its forums, NimbleX has attracted a surprisingly large number of users for such a relatively unknown distribution."
Components.
NimbleX uses a 2.6 kernel. The default GUI is KDE, but for slower computers the default desktop environment can be exchanged for one with lower resource usage like Fluxbox or Xfce. Typical office, web browsing and messaging components are included, but NimbleX hardly offers any graphical administration tools — most administration tasks, like adding a new user, have to be performed from the command line. This tradeoff allows NimbleX to have a small installation footprint — a typical installation is under 400 megabytes. Additional applications can be installed using the graphical installer Gslapt (or codice_1 from the command line), which brings automatic resolution of dependencies to Slackware packages. A text-mode hard driver installer is available (codice_2), but this was considered beta quality in the 2008 edition.
The 2008 edition comes in three standard install images: a 200MB and two smaller even ones at 100 and 69MB. The installers do not allow customizations of the packets during installation however. NimbleX 2008 uses KDE 3.5.9,now NimbleX 2010 beta version is also present on their site which is based on kde 4 and it support most of new hardware and the user can also enable compiz fusion via a link on the desktop, but OpenOffice.org is not included; instead, KOffice is provided for an office suite.
NimbleX has included in the 200 MB package some very useful applications like FireFox web browser, KOffice, PDF reader, Kopete instant messenger, KlamAV anti-virus, GIMP photo editor, BlueTooth support, remote connection to other PC.
Other important software that are supported in a bigger NimbleX package are OpenOffice.org, Java, Python, Samba, Wine Windows applications emulator, and many other applications are compiled by the community to be included in this distribution.
Criticism.
NimbleX 2008 was criticized as "irresponsible" for lacking some common security features out of the box. Even though the ClamAV anti-virus and the Guarddog firewall are installed by default, no (non-root) user account is created during the installation, no root password is required to log on to the desktop, and the default root password is displayed on NimbleX's web site. NimbleX 2010 also has some fixed applications which cannot be removed at all.
Another problem is that some NimbleX packages are created by repackaging Slackware packages. Since NimbleX installs fewer libraries, this sometimes results in uninstallable or unusable packages.
External links.
Reviews

</doc>
<doc id="19358120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358120" title="Phaonia">
Phaonia

Phaonia is a very large genus from the fly family Muscidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="19358133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358133" title="1952–53 DFB-Pokal">
1952–53 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1952–53 was the 10th season of the competition formerly known as "Tschammer und Osten Pokal". It was the first time the cup was held after World War II. 32 teams competed in the tournament of five rounds. The competition began on 17 August 1952 and ended on 11 May 1953. In the final Rot-Weiss Essen defeated Alemannia Aachen 2–1.

</doc>
<doc id="19358136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358136" title="All Burma Federation of Student Unions">
All Burma Federation of Student Unions

The All Burma Federation of Student Unions (ABFSU) is the umbrella organisation for all the student unions in Burma (also Myanmar) and is an active voice for academic freedoms and student rights throughout the country. ABFSU offers a reliable source of information to the outside world, reporting regularly on the attempts of the military government (SPDC) to intimidate and silence those involved in the pro-democracy movement. 
Since 1988 a new arm of ABFSU has been working outside Burma specifically to inform the international community of rights violations in the country and of the crisis in education taking place there. The ‘All Burma Federation of Students Unions - Foreign Affairs Committee’, or ABFSU-FAC, hopes to expose issues (for example) in Burma to a wider audience, accelerate the development of international student organizations and promote worldwide student activism.
History.
A forum for debate and a platform to those speaking out for the rights of students, ABFSU has been at the forefront of resistance to the forces of political oppression in its various guises for more than 70 years. In that time hopes of achieving democracy have taken shape and been strengthened through resistance to British colonialism, to fascism, and to the current military dictatorship. Over time the group’s interests have inevitably shifted focus from the struggle for independence to one for democracy, justice and national reconciliation. 
The roots of ABSFU extend back to the Burmese independence movement of the 1930s. In 1931, the Rangoon University Students’ Union (RUSU) was formed as a social organization by Aung San, the later military General and so-called ‘father of Burmese independence’, and, indeed, paternal father of 1991 Nobel Peace Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi (see http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/1950505.stm).In 1931, the Rangoon University Students’ Union (RUSU) was formed as a social organization. In 1935, our independence hero Aung San and his friends U Nu(later the first democratically elected Prime Minister of Burma), U Thein Pe (later the General Secretary of Communist Party of Burma),UBa Swe(later the Prime Minister)and U Kyaw Nyein (later the Deputy Prime Minister) became the leaders of the RUSU and led the second university students’ strike against British colonial rule. 
In 1935, RUSU leaders led the second university students’ strike against British colonial rule (the Pacific War hampered progress but independence finally arrived on January 4, 1948). On May 8, 1936 the first students’ conference was held in Rangoon. Organized by RUSU, it marked the formation of the All Burma Students’ Union (ABSU). In 1951, the All Burma Students’ Union (ABSU) changed its name to the All Burma Federation of Student Unions (ABFSU) to represent all students in Burma. ABFSU became active in both educational reform and peaceful campaigning for the establishment of democracy and protecting the right to education. During the Sixth Conference of the ABFSU in 1960, the so-called ‘five policies’, and ‘three flags’ of the organization were adopted unanimously in order to work towards a democratic educational system, safeguarding student rights, democracy, and national peace and reconciliation. 
Burma's fledgling democratic process came to a grinding halt in 1962 when General Ne Win (see http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/1581413.stm) staged a bloody coup d'etat in which hundreds of protesting students were killed. The turbulent political situation since this time, characterised by kleptocratic and paranoid authoritarian rule, has forced ABFSU and its members underground on a number of occasions. 
In 1988, as calls for democratic change brought civil unrest and mass demonstrations to the streets of the capital Rangoon once more, ABFSU publicly re-emerged under the direction of leading dissident Min Ko Naing (a nom-de-guerre meaning ‘conqueror of kings’), where the group helped to coordinate waves of pro-democracy action, culminating in the '88 Uprising (see 8888 Uprising, http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/7543347.stm, http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/07/19/AR2008071901609.html and http://www.johnpilger.com/page.asp?partid=101).
Since 1990 ABFSU have thrown their support behind the National League for Democracy (NLD), Burma’s foremost political party which won a landslide victory in the general election of that year. The Generals were not prepared to hand over power, however, and instead chose to place the party leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, under house arrest. 
Some within the ranks of Burma's student protestors have criticised the NLD for not implementing a strategy for taking control after the 1990 elections and, despite overwhelming support, allowing the Generals to continue acting with impunity.
ABFSU’s prominent leaders.
Many of those associated with ABFSU over the years have been hugely influential in Burma’s ongoing political struggles: a continuing pedigree of politically astute and socially responsible individuals, committed to social justice and freedom. However, their links to ABFSU make them increasingly ‘marked men’. Always the target of the military government, the outspoken leaders of ABFSU are regularly imprisoned where they are invariably beaten, tortured and denied medical treatment. Such human rights violations are reportedly widespread in Burma today but, significantly, they appear not to have had the desired effect of permanently silencing or disbanding ABFSU or, indeed, given Burma’s recent Saffron Revolution, quelling the wider calls for democratic change. 
Some of the more notable individuals associated with ABSFU over the years are:

</doc>
<doc id="19358139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358139" title="Webuye Constituency">
Webuye Constituency

Webuye Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of five constituencies in Bungoma District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19358146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358146" title="Russ Fairchild">
Russ Fairchild

Russell H. "Russ" Fairchild is a Republican politician and former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Career.
Fairchild has seen several of his bills become law, including Act 69 of 2005, that makes it illegal to take voyeuristic or “upskirting” photos and post them on the Internet. He also authored Ashley’s Law, which requires school districts to set a policy allowing students with disabilities to be able to participate in high school commencement ceremonies, and two new laws to improve the privacy of Social Security numbers.
Personal.
Fairchild was born in Sunbury and graduated from Lewisburg High School and Penn State University MontAlto campus. After college, he served in the U.S. Army and in Vietnam as an infantry platoon leader. Upon his return home in 1969, he started a heavy construction business with his brother in Winfield. He served as president of the company until his election to the House.
Fairchild is a recipient of the Bronze Star Medal and other combat citations for his Vietnam service. He is a member of the American Legion, an honorary member of the Military Order of Purple Heart, a lifetime member of the VFW and the Veterans of the Vietnam War.
Fairchild and his wife reside in East Buffalo Township, outside of Lewisburg. They are both Penn State graduates; his wife works as an elementary teacher in the Selinsgrove School District.

</doc>
<doc id="19358148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358148" title="Harley (given name)">
Harley (given name)

Harley is an English male/female given name.
People called Harley include:

</doc>
<doc id="19358152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358152" title="1994 European Athletics Championships – Men's pole vault">
1994 European Athletics Championships – Men's pole vault

These are the official results of the Men's Pole Vault event at the 1994 European Championships in Helsinki, Finland. There were a total number of 27 participating athletes, with two qualifying groups and the final held on 11 August 1994.
Qualifying round.
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19358156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358156" title="Pharmacosmos">
Pharmacosmos

Pharmacosmos is considered a world leading authority in treatment of iron deficiency anaemia.
The privately owned specialty pharmaceutical company, established in 1965 in Holbaek outside Copenhagen, Denmark, markets its human and veterinary medicines in a large number of markets throughout the world. The company’s brands are MonoFer®, CosmoFer® and Uniferon®. 
Pharmacosmos maintains an intensive research and development programme targeting iron deficiency therapies and improvement of treatment options. The company is also a world leader in manufacturing of carbohydrate polymers and iron carbohydrate complexes, an expert in dextran fractionation techniques, and supplies clinical grade dextran fractions complying with the major pharmacopoeias (EP, USP and JP).
Pharmacosmos employs 125 people in Scandinavia and the UK.
Company profile.
Pharmacosmos was founded in Denmark in 1965 by Henry Marinus Christensen, M.D., Ph.D.
Operations.
Pharmacosmos' corporate headquarters, manufacturing facilities and research laboratories are located in Holbaek, Denmark (Scandinavia). The company has its own marketing, sales and services operations in Denmark and United Kingdom. In other geographies, the company partners with other pharmaceutical companies responsible for local marketing, sales and distribution of its pharmaceuticals brands. The company does not disclose its revenues.
Manufacturing facilities.
Pharmacosmos' manufacturing facility is approved according to current Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
Research and development.
The company has an ongoing clinical development program aimed at improving treatment options for patients suffering from iron deficiency anemia. In 2010, Pharmacosmos' clinical program included three international clinical studies focused on treatment of iron deficiency anemic patients within nephrology, gastroenterology and hematology/oncology.
Products.
Monofer.
Monofer is a treatment for iron deficiency anemia. The generic name of Monofer is iron isomaltoside 1000, a derivative of dextran-1. Developed by Pharmacosmos, Monofer was approved in December 2009 in 22 European countries for treatment of iron deficiency anemia in patients with varying underlying conditions. Monofer is approved with a wide dose range and no test dose requirement, allowing iron repletion in a single IV dose if a Total Dose Infusion is given in certain clinical situations. This has to be given in a hospital due to increased risks of adverse drug reactions, including anaphylactic reactions which can be fatal. If the patient requires a dose over 20 mg/kg of idealised body weight a second dose has to be given after waiting a week.
Cosmofer.
Cosmofer is a treatment for iron deficiency anemia. The generic name of Cosmofer is low molecular weight iron dextran. Cosmofer was approved in 2001 and is available in more than 45 countries worldwide. It has a lower incidence of dextran-induced analphylaxis than older dextran-based products, although it still requires a test dose.
Uniferon.
Uniferon is treatment and prevention of iron deficiency anemia in animals. The generic name for Uniferon is iron dextran. Its approved by health authorities in Europe, Asia and in the U.S. by Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
Dextrans.
Its second focus area, Pharmacosmos is a leading manufacturer of clinical grade dextran biopolymers used extensively in pharmaceutical products, vaccines and medical devices.

</doc>
<doc id="19358163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358163" title="Dartmouth Ferry">
Dartmouth Ferry

The Dartmouth Ferry, sometimes called the Kingswear Ferry, may refer to one of three ferries that link Dartmouth and Kingswear, on opposite sides of the River Dart in the English county of Devon. From north to south, these ferries are:

</doc>
<doc id="19358166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358166" title="Common chord">
Common chord

Common chord may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19358206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358206" title="Amadou Sidibé">
Amadou Sidibé

Amadou Sidibé (born 19 February 1986) is a Malian football (soccer) defender. He was born in Bamako, Mali, and began his career in his local club, Cercle Olympique de Bamako, recently transferred to AJ Auxerre from Djoliba Athletic Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19358218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358218" title="Nina Lawson">
Nina Lawson

Nina Lawson (27 July 1926 – 9 September 2008) was a Scottish wigmaker who ran the Metropolitan Opera wig department from 1956 to 1987. She was responsible for cleaning up to 750 wigs a week in her early tenure, from every chorus member's wig to those of stars including Birgit Nilsson, Luciano Pavarotti, Joan Sutherland, Beverly Sills, and Plácido Domingo. 
Life and career.
Lawson grew up in Forth, South Lanarkshire in Scotland and attended Stowe Hairdressing College in Glasgow. She began her professional career as a theatrical hair-stylist at the Carl Rosa Opera Company in London. She then worked for the Sadler's Wells Opera and the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in Ontario, Canada. She was hired by Rudolf Bing, General Manager of the Metropolitan Opera, in October 1956 and left Stratford. The Met moved from renting wigs to purchasing a large inventory.
At the end of the 1987–88 Met season, Lawson retired to Ayr, Scotland. She died there of pernicious anemia.

</doc>
<doc id="19358225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358225" title="Angel of the Presence">
Angel of the Presence

In some Judeo-Christian traditions, the Angel of the Presence / Face (lit. "faces", Hebrew: "malak ha'panim," מלאך הפנים) or Angel of his presence / face (Hebrew: "malak panayu", מַלְאַךְ פָּנָיו) refers to a type of angel, a singular entity variously considered angelic or else identified with God Himself.
The phrase occurs in , which states that, throughout the history of Israel, God has loved and been merciful to that nation and shared in its distresses, saving Israel with "the angel of his presence". The Septuagint translation of the Book of Isaiah emphasizes that this term is simply a way of referring to God, not a created angel.
In the Book of Jubilees, the Angel of the Presence explains to Moses the history of Israel. Jubilees depicts this entity as one of God's special agents and does not provide him with a specific name. In the Testament of Judah, Judah states that he has received blessing from the Angel of the Presence. The Second Book of Enoch identifies Uriel as the Angel of the Presence or else as one of the Angels of the Presence.
Bible.
A related term is "angel of his Presence" used just once, in Isaiah 63:9. There it says that throughout the history of Israel, God has loved and been merciful to that nation and shared in its distresses, saving Israel with "the angel of his presence". 
Some theologians believe that the Septuagint translation (ἄγγελος ἀλλ᾽ αὐτὸς κύριος) demonstrates that "angel of his presence" is simply a way of referring to God, not a regular or created angel. "Not an elder or an angel, but the Lord Himself saved them..." is a current Septuagint translation.
Second Temple period.
In the Pseudepigrapha, in the Book of Jubilees, the Angel of the Presence explains to Moses the history of Israel. Jubilees depicts this entity as one of God's special agents and does not provide him with a specific name. In the Testament of Judah, Judah states that he has received blessing from the Angel of the Presence. The Second Book of Enoch identifies Uriel as the Angel of the Presence or else as one of the Angels of the Presence.
In the Book of Jubilees, angels of the presence and angels of Sanctification are the two highest orders of angels. They were created on the first day, already circumcised, so that they could participate in the keeping of the Sabbath with God in heaven and on earth. God instructed one of these angels (thought to be St. Michael), to write the history of creation for Moses. The angel took the tablets of history and law, and in a long revelation, recited them to Moses with instructions to write them down. In the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs, Judah, one of the 12 sons of Jacob and Leah, testifies that he was blessed by an angel of the presence.
Kabbala.
In Kabbala Angels of Presence are high-level angels also known as "angels of the face". Other angels usually identified as angels of presence are Metatron, Suriel, Sandalphon, Astanphaeus, Sarakiel, Phanuel, Jehoel, Zagzagael, Uriel, Yefefiah, Sabaoth, and Akatriel. The angels of presence are also equated with the angels of glory. In rabbinic tradition, there are 70 tutelary angels called angels of presence. According to the Zohar, the angels of presence revealed the "mystery" (purpose) of God to people, and thus were expelled from the divine presence.
Further reading.
Charlesworth, James H., ed. "The Old Testament Pseudepigriapha". Vols. 1 and 2. New York: Doubleday, 1983, 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19358227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358227" title="Phaoniini">
Phaoniini

Phaoniini is a tribe in the fly family Muscidae. It contains the largest Muscid grenera "Phaonia". 

</doc>
<doc id="19358228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358228" title="Lawn sweeper">
Lawn sweeper

A lawn sweeper, also known as a leaf sweeper, is a garden tool for the mechanical removal of debris, such as fallen leaves, pine needles, twigs, grass clippings or litter, from a lawn or paved area. Lawn sweepers operate via a rotating brush mechanism that sweeps up the debris and deposits it in a collection hopper for disposal.
Types.
Push lawn sweepers, which resemble a simple wheeled manual lawn mower, are maneuvered and powered by hand. A forward pushing action transfers power from the wheels to the brush mechanism via a gearing system, causing it to rotate, and the debris is picked up and transferred to a bag or hopper mounted on the machine. Powered lawn sweepers resemble push lawn sweepers, but the brush mechanism is powered by a gasoline or electric motor. Tow lawn sweepers are towed behind a vehicle, such as a garden tractor or ATV and are designed for use in larger areas. They are generally wider and have greater hopper capacities than push and powered lawn sweepers.
Alternatives.
Lawn sweepers are an alternative to raking or the use of leaf blowers and garden vacuums. They are also an alternative to lawn mower baggers or grass baggers which are generally more expensive and have a smaller capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="19358245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358245" title="Quaternionic vector space">
Quaternionic vector space

In mathematics, a left (or right) quaternionic vector space is a left (or right) H-module where H denotes the noncommutative ring of the quaternions.
The space H"n" of "n"-tuples of quaternions is both a left and right H-module using the componentwise left and right multiplication:
for quaternions "q" and "q"1, "q"2, ... "q""n".
Since H is a division algebra, every finitely generated (left or right) H-module has a basis, and hence is isomorphic to H"n" for some "n".

</doc>
<doc id="19358251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358251" title="Great Recession in Russia">
Great Recession in Russia

The 2008–2009 Russian financial crisis, part of the world Economic crisis of 2008, was a crisis in the Russian financial markets as well as an economic recession that was compounded by political fears after the war with Georgia and by the plummeting price of Urals heavy crude oil, which lost more than 70% of its value since its record peak of US$147 on 4 July 2008 before rebounding moderately in 2009. According to the World Bank, Russia’s strong short-term macroeconomic fundamentals made it better prepared than many emerging economies to deal with the crisis, but its underlying structural weaknesses and high dependence on the price of a single commodity made its impact more pronounced than would otherwise be the case.
In late 2008 during the onset of the crisis, Russian markets plummeted and more than $1 trillion had been wiped off the value of Russia's shares, although Russian stocks rebounded in 2009 becoming the world’s best performers, with the Micex index having more than doubled in value and regaining half its 2008 losses.
As the crisis progressed, Reuters and the Financial Times speculated that the crisis would be used to increase the Kremlin's control over key strategic assets in a reverse of the "loans for shares" sales of the 1990s, when the state sold off major assets to the oligarchs in return for loans. In contrast to this earlier speculation, in September 2009 the Russian government announced plans to sell state energy and transport holdings in order to help plug the budget deficit and to help improve the nation's aging infrastructure. The state earmarked about 5,500 enterprises for divestment and plans to sell shares in companies that are already publicly traded, including Rosneft, the country’s biggest oil producer.
From July 2008 – January 2009, Russia's foreign exchange reserves (FXR) fell by $210 billion from their peak to $386 billion as the central bank adopted a policy of gradual devaluation to combat the sharp devaluation of the ruble. The ruble weakened 35% against the dollar from the onset of the crisis in August to January 2009. As the ruble stabilized in January the reserves began to steadily grow again throughout 2009, reaching a year-long high of $452 billion by year's-end.
Russia's economy emerged from recession in the third quarter of 2009 after two quarters of record negative growth. GDP contracted by 7.9% for the whole of 2009, slightly less than the economic ministry's prediction of 8.5%. Experts expect Russia's economy will grow modestly in 2010, with estimates ranging from 3.1% by the Russian economic ministry to 2.5%, 3.6% and 4.9% by the World Bank, International Monetary Fund (IMF), and Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) respectively.
Background.
Russia is a major exporter of commodities such as oil and metals, so its economy has been hit hard by the decline in the price of many commodities. Russian stock market declined significantly. Foreign investors have pulled billions of dollars out of Russia on concerns over escalating geopolitical tensions with the West following the military conflict between Georgia and Russia, as well as concerns about state interference in the economy. Those concerns were underscored in July by Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's criticism of steel company Mechel collapsing the company's stock. By September 2008, the RTS stock index plunged almost 54%, making it one of the worst performing markets in the world. Russian involvement in the US subprime mortgage crisis contributed to the volatility in Russia's financial system. The Russian Central Bank owned US$100 Billion of mortgage-backed securities of the two American mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac that were taken over by the US government. This investment most likely will have to be written off.
Many analysts, including Andrei Illarionov, former economic policy adviser to then-President Vladimir Putin, claim that in Russia the crisis in the stock market was deepened dramatically by internal factors, including concerns over state interference in the economy fueled in June by Putin's criticism of Mechel and the conflict over TNK-BP, lack of transparency in banking and political risks associated with escalating geopolitical tensions following the 2008 South Ossetia war in August. Swedish Foreign minister Carl Bildt said on 17 September that the current Russian financial crisis is "obviously more worrying" than the ongoing subprime mortgage crisis in view of the political development in Russia. Furthermore, Russia's overt reliance on the oil and natural gas sector made it particularly vulnerable.
According to the "Wall Street Journal" and Gazeta.ru, as the Russian market declined in September, conspiracy theories circulated in Russia among the leadership that the U.S. government allegedly incited American investors to withdraw their capitals from Russia, punishing Moscow for the recent war in Georgia.
Financial markets.
Stock markets.
On 24 July 2008, Mechel's stock plunged by almost 38 percent after Russia's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin criticized its CEO Igor Zyuzin, and accused the company of selling resources to Russia at higher prices than those charged to foreign countries. The comments, which raised fears of another attack similar to that made on Yukos in 2004, contrasted sharply with previous efforts by President Dmitry Medvedev to improve Russia's reputation as an investor-friendly country. On the following day, Mechel issued a contrite statement promising full cooperation with federal authorities, while share values rebounded by nearly 15 percent. 28 July presidential aide Arkady Dvorkovich then sought to restore calm, declaring that all parties would "act in a civilized way," and confirming that Mechel was cooperating with antitrust authorities. Just hours later, however, Putin announced that Mechel had been avoiding taxes, by using foreign subsidiaries to sell its products internationally. His renewed attack caused share prices to tumble once more—this time by almost 33 percent.
On 16 September Russia's most liquid stock exchange MICEX and the dollar-denominated RTS were suspended trade for one hour after the worst one-day fall in 10 years as Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin reassured markets there was no "systemic" crisis. Next day, trading was suspended for the second day in succession on Russia's two main stock exchanges (MICEX and RTS) after shares fell dramatically, forcing the Federal Financial Markets Service to intervene. The simultaneous collapse of money markets prompted reaction from the government and the Central Bank, while Finance Minister Alexey Kudrin sought assurances from U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson that the U.S. did not play politics with Russia in the crisis.
The crisis continued on 18 September, as trading was suspended for the third day in succession on Russia's two main stock exchanges amidst fear of financial collapse. News agencies are quoting Russia's finance minister Alexei Kudrin as saying trading on Russian exchanges will not resume until 19 September 2008. Officials at MICEX stock exchange describe conditions in the Russian markets as "extraordinary" Deputy Finance Minister Pyotr Kazakevich asserted that "Russia is facing its worst stock market decline in a decade mainly because of a confidence crisis rather than liquidity problems".
On 6 October the MICEX and RTS crashed by 18.6% and 19.1% respectively. The losses forced the Federal Financial Markets Service to suspend the stocks three times. The decreases in other world markets on that day were considerable, but less dramatic than in Russia. Trading on both exchanges was suspended on the next day; Russian companies have augmented in price at London LSE. On 8 October the MICEX and RTS plunged 14.4% and 11.3% respectively, trading on the markets was halted until 10 October, respectively. However, on 9 October MICEX trading resumed ahead of schedule, and the stock market rose 14.7%. On the next day the regulator, wary of crises in American and Asian markets, decided not to open trading at all.
Money markets.
The crisis in money markets was imminent since spring, when Central Bank of Russia warned the public of a gradual contraction in bank lending due to unfolding world liquidity crisis. However, the regulator preferred to combat inflation, raising the refinancing rate and bank reserve contributions. 1 September hike in reserve rate alone withdrew nearly 100 billion roubles from the money market. The raise coincided with a seasonal peak in tax payments and left the banking system in a worse state of liquidity than that of August 1998. A subsequent drop in rouble-to-dollar exchange rate and dollar-denominated prices of Russian corporate securities forced investors to crowd out, worsening the positive feedback loop. The interbank money market that traditionally relied on Russian corporate stock as a collateral for the repurchase agreements, immediately imploded in what was called "a crisis of trust" or even "elimination of trust": when the borrowers defaulted on loans, leaving lenders with impaired collateral, other banks stopped lending as a precaution.
Money market crunch passed its first lowest mark 15–17 September. 17 September the government lent the country's three biggest banks, Sberbank, VTB Bank and Gazprombank, 1.13 trillion rubles (US$44 billion) for at least three months to boost liquidity; the Central Bank lowered the reserve requirement. This was followed 24 September by Central Bank loans to keep the current accounts afloat and prevent a bank run. The regulators also raised the cap for deposit insurance from 400 to 700 thousand roubles (equivalent to 25 thousand dollars). These actions served their short-term purpose but failed to revitalize the money market: no bank was willing to lend for longer than overnight.
17 November MosPrime interbank interest rate on rouble loans reached a record high of 22.67%, indicating another shortage of liquid funds as the bank clients transferred funds overseas or paid taxes due. Rates on six-month US dollar forward contracts fluctuated at 40–60%, short-term currency swaps averaged around 80% as the banks anticipated further drop in exchange rates.
Bank failures.
On 15 September the KIT Finance brokerage failed to pay off its debt, signalling problems in Russia's financial sector. On 8 October the Russian Railways and Alrosa agreed to acquire a 90% stake in KIT Finance.
In the beginning of October Sergei Ignatyev, chairman of the Central Bank, announced imminent bankruptcy of 50 to 70 banks. Actually, in late August – late November the regulator has shut down only nine banks. More smaller banks showing signs of distress are allowed to operate, like the Moscow Mortgage Bank that defaulted on returning individual deposits in November. Regional banks, heavily dependent on individual deposits, were in particular hit. A bank run registered in Bashkortostan in November caused local crises. Three of the four worst affected banks were promised rescue by their shareholders or third-party buyers; fate of the fourth one is yet to be decided.
Government intervention.
Refinancing foreign capital.
On 18 September, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ordered ministers to inject 500 billion roubles of funds from the state budget into the markets and pledged that the financial system would receive "all necessary support". On 7 October, Medvedev announced an additional $36 billion for banks on top of the $150 billion approved in September.
On 29 September, Vladimir Putin announced a government policy aimed at refinancing Russian corporations that previously relied on foreign loans. Government authorized Vnesheconombank as its principal agent in distributing state loans to these corporations, amounting initially up to 50 billion US dollars, or 8% of Russia's foreign currency assets. At the same time Putin recommended the Central Bank to extend unsecured stabilization loans to Russian banks, which was duly implemented. The policy was immediately dubbed "soft re-nationalisation" and criticized for selective picking of "eligible" borrowers. The 50 billion installment covers only the current portion of 477 billion US dollars owed by Russian corporations to foreign lenders; total assets of the government and the Central Bank combined are estimated at 550 billion US dollars.
On 23 October, Standard & Poor's changed the long-term outlook on the sovereign credit ratings of Russia from stable to negative, warning of the costs of bailing out troubled banks and a rising risk of a budget deficit in 2009. It also lowered Russia's Transfer and Convertibility (T&C) assessment to BBB+ from A-. At the same time, the 'BBB+' long-term foreign currency, the 'A-' long-term local currency ratings and the short-term ratings of A-2 were affirmed.
By 13 November, Russian government spending to quench the recession reached 222 billion US dollars, or 13.9% of its GDP; in November the state was spending its reserves at an average 22 billion dollars a week.
On 8 December 2008, Standard & Poor's additionally lowered Russia's foreign currency credit ratings to BBB (long term) and A-3. It also lowered Russia's Transfer and Convertibility (T&C) assessment to BBB and the long-term local currency assessment to BBB+. On the other hand, the short-term credit rating in local currency was left intact as A-2. The lowering of credit ratings was caused by the sharp decline of reserves and investment flow. Standard & Poor's also launched a downward revision of Russian municipal and corporate bond ratings.
Tax and state budget policy.
20 November Vladimir Putin announced government package of tax reforms. Corporate profit tax rate (24% in 2008) is to be reduced to 20%. Profit tax base will decrease for companies investing in capital assets as the immediately recoverable depreciation allowance is raised from 10% to 30% of the asset cost. There will be no change in value added tax rates (maximum 18%) in 2009, but the government considered changing VAT accrual rules in favor of the taxpayers. Minister of finance Alexey Kudrin, who resisted tax breaks until September, concurred with Putin's proposal, estimating that they will save the businesses around 500 billion roubles annually.
Earlier in November, Kudrin announced that the state has accepted the fact of a long-term drop in oil prices and that the existing state budget plans will hold unchanged if the oil prices stabilize on 50 dollars per barrel mark. Even with tax breaks effective, Kudrin estimated that the 2009 state budget will break even or, in worst case, bear no more than 1% deficit. The deficit will be covered by Stabilisation Fund, without resorting to borrowing.
In December the government lifted import tariffs on industrial equipment imported by metallurgy, construction, forestry and textile industry, at the same time enforcing increased tariffs on imported cars.
On 15 April 2009, Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin said the federal budget will show a deficit of 7.4% of GDP in 2009. In comparison, the US expects a budget deficit of 13.5% of GDP, Britain 9.3%, and France 6.6%. According to Kudrin forecast for the 2010 deficit is 5%. Kudrin warned, that Russia must cut down its budget deficit before 2011. "Our vulnerability to the crisis is higher than that of the countries with more diversified economies. This is why 2009 should be a unique year. We must not have a comparable budget deficit in subsequent years. We must work to reduce it to 3% in 2011," he said.
On 25 May 2009, President Dmitry Medvedev said the budget deficit in 2009 will be "at least 7%" of GDP.
Corporate governance.
Federal Financial Monitoring Service of Russia, the agency in charge of domestic stock markets and corporate governance, pressed the corporations to reveal their true owners and signed an agreement with the government of Cyprus (20 November) that may enable inter-government dislosure of ownership records. Cyprus is, nominally, the number one investor in Russia; 99% of RTS stock trades are arranged between foreign shareholders.
International cooperation.
Russia has agreed to co-finance International Monetary Fund emergency loans to other states, initially contributing one billion US dollar. Earlier, in October, Russian ambassador to Iceland announces that Iceland will receive a €4 billion loan from Russia to mitigate the 2008–2012 Icelandic financial crisis. The loan will be given across three or four years, and the interest rates will be 30 to 50 points above LIBOR. Prime minister Geir Haarde had been investigating the possibility of a loan provided by Russia since the mid-summer. Iceland's Central bank Governor Davíð Oddsson later clarified that the loan was still being negotiated.
Crisis in real economy.
At the end of November 2008, The Russian economy as a whole was not in a state of recession. The government forecast for 2009 stood at a 6.7% annual growth rate while a November 2008 World Bank report projected 3% growth for 2009, However, a revised projection issued 30 March 2009 by the World Bank projects a 4.5% decrease for 2009 with unemployment projected to rise to 12% by the end of 2009. The World Bank report expressed concern about the condition of the poor and recommended increases in social support payments such as unemployment payments and child support payments. The report projected a slight rise in the average price of oil during 2010, up to $53 a barrel from the projected average of $45 for 2009.
In the middle of December 2008 Russian officials confirmed that possibility of a recession was inevitable. "Russia is headed for a recession", the country's deputy economy minister, Andrei Klepach, has said. Asked whether Russia would have a recession, he said: "It's started already. I'm afraid it will not be over in the next two quarters. ... A major drop began in October and there will also be drops in November–December," he said, according to official reports. Recessions are normally declared after two quarters of negative growth. He also said that full-year economic growth for 2008 would be lower than the 6.8% previously forecast.
Steel industry.
Russian steel industry is dependent on foreign markets and domestic construction and automobile industries. Crisis in the industry was first publicly reported in the end of September – early October. Magnitogorsk Iron and Steel Works laid off 3,000 workers (10% of its Urals staff) and reduced output by 15% on 7 October, another layoff of 1,300 was announced in early November. Severstal reduced domestic production by 25%; its US and Italian production dropped by 30%. Evraz Group, employer of 40 thousands workers in Kemerovo Oblast, was reported negotiating layoffs with the unions and regional government since 30 October. The company, specializing in construction-grade rolled steel, was inherently in worse position than other Russian steel mills. 13 November Evraz announced that, instead of layoffs, it will decrease workers' wages by a third. Some of Evraz facilities were converted to a four-day working week; the company reduced output to an estimated 50–60% of its capacity.
On 18 November Goskomstat insider reported an unprecedented drop in industrial prices – minus 6.6% monthly, following a 0.8% drop in September (the agency itself delayed its regular monthly report). Most of the losses concentrate in raw material industries; automobile and tool-making industries dropped only 0.4%. In two months, gasoline and diesel oil wholesale prices dropped by 12.8% and 16.5%. The worst price fall hit the steel industry: pig iron and ferric alloys dropped 21.7% in October after a 8.9% drop in September. Prices on aluminum and nickel are down to break-even point. The decline is sufficient to indicate a recession.
In November the industry relied on government funds distributed through Vneshtorgbank loans. VTB issued a 10 billion roubles emergency loan to Evraz to finance its current tax payments; a similar 5 billion loan was issued to OAO TMK. Magnitka was reported "in the line" for VTB financing. The industry continued to implode, and on 14 and 18 November Novolipetsk Steel shut down two of its five blast furnaces, reducing its pig iron capacity by 2.5 million metric tons, or 27%. On the same day Novolipetsk Steel denied steel shipments to GAZ due to automobile maker's default on payments.
Automotive industry.
In June 2008 The Economist described "Russia's booming car market" as a place where "you just need someone to count the money". In November the market slowed to its lowest since January 2007. AC Nielsen linked the market drop to a collapse in auto loan programs and general uncertainty among consumers, and predicted that unless auto loans recover, the market will slide back into 1990s. The government supported domestic auto makers by an increase in tariffs on imports, leading to an expected 7.5–8% price increase for imported cars.
GAZ and KAMAZ were the first auto makers to declare production cuts in September–October 2008. GAZ truck production has decreased by 23.4% in September 2008; in October the company announced week-long shutdowns of the main assembly line to meet decrease in demand for its most successful line, the GAZelle truck. KAMAZ, the target of acquisition by Daimler AG since July, has been reporting financial difficulties since September. In October KAMAZ reduced working hours by a third, from six-day to four-day working week. KAMAZ requested a 15 billion rouble state-backed loan and took a private loan from Citigroup at 9% over prime rate; in December Daimler AG acquired the first 10% in KAMAZ stock, citing "perfect storm" as a good time acquisition.
AvtoVAZ disclosed emergency measures on 16 October, when Igor Sechin held an industry-wide anti-crisis brainstorming session in Togliatti. AvtoVAZ reported a stockpile of 100 thousands unsold cars (two months' output). The company requested government assistance of 1 billion US Dollars arranged through a Vneshtorgbank loan. Unlike other major borrowers who used VTB loans to substitute foreign capital, AvtoVAZ loan was intended solely to pay current expenses.
AvtoFramos, Moscow-based manufacturer of Renault Logan, has confirmed that instead of a planned weekly New Year holiday, the plant will stop for a month, 12 December 2008 to 12 January 2009. Trade unions asserted that AvroFramos has practiced short-time stoppages in November; plant administration refuted these statements. According to the unions, unsold stock reached 8 thousand cars, a month's output of the plant.
Amtel-Vredestein has closed two of its tire plants due to cash flow problems. On 2 December media announced closure of Bor Glass Works, the principal supplier of auto glass, but the news was soon refuted as false by the plant administration.
Construction and real estate.
In the first half of 2008 Russian construction industry, apparently immune of the global financial squeeze, grew by 22% in nominal money compared to 2007. In September–October Mirax Group, Sistema Hals, ST Group and other real estate developers announced freezing of future projects and intention to dispose of ongoing projects in early stages, citing an unacceptable increase in interest rates and uncertain demand. According to a Mirax executive, "our clients are panicking, and that is affecting our business", "... bank financing for developers has practically ceased". Developers and builders of a lesser scale are facing a "struggle to survive", especially in regional cities. In October 2008 Orenburg construction executive described regional business prospects as "very bad", notably the fact that "there is no single bank for today which grants mortgage loans... Construction industry will not survive under such terms."
27 October Vladimir Putin urged the government agencies to increase state purchases of road and housing construction services, arguing that the state must capitalize on the decrease in prices of raw materials. The state allocated 50 billion roubles to buy ready-to-occupy urban housing from cash-strapped developers. Putin emphasized that the new contracts must be struck on new, decreased, price terms – estimated to be 20–30% cheaper than in spring. Strabag executive estimated that in 2009 construction costs will decrease a further 30%. In November Moscow city government has been successfully pressing local developers for a 25% discount against October auction prices; the only developer who attempted to sue the city for a breach of contract withdrew their lawsuit and accepted the government terms. City government also pulled out of the 118-floor Russia Tower project, which was immediately suspended by its developer, citing "credit crunch".
Other industries.
In November, the volume of Russian paper exports to China decreased by 30–40%, coupled with a 30% drop in prices. Exports to Western Europe fare marginally better, with an estimated 25–40% drop in production volumes. Russia's largest producer of industrial paper bags, Segezh Paper Mill (controlled by the Bank of Moscow and the City of Moscow), declared a ten day shutdown on 24 November. UPM-Kymmene Oyj anticipates at least a 30–40% decrease in output compared to 2008. In June 2010, President Dmitry Medvedev visited Silicon Valley in San Jose, California in order to cultivate ideas of how to develop Russia as a major research center. Skolkovo, a mid-sized city near Moscow, is the proposed location for this Russian Silicon Valley, and will have its own tax structure. Yet, Medvedev has been criticized by opposition politicians for deflecting attention away from the struggling economy and corruption.
Airlines.
In June–August 2008 the fleet of KrasAir, a Krasnoyarsk-based airline with a controlling state interest, was grounded by the fuel suppliers' refusal to extend credit to the company that defaulted on payments. Other members of AiRUnion consortium, notably Dalavia, also folded in August. Thousands of passengers were stranded in airports; flight delays and cancellations became a national agenda. Government action focused on setting the cap on jet fuel prices and restructuring its assets into a new company managed by Rostechnologii, a newly formed state conglomerate. Ministry of Transportation distributed the licenses to fly former KrasAir routes to other companies. KrasAir also defaulted on payments to its staff, and on 27 October a strike action, coupled with fuel suppliers' denial of service, finally ruined the airline. Dalavia lost its license earlier in October. The collapse of KrasAir also threatened Sky Express, Russia's first low cost carrier co-owned by the EBRD and former manager of KrasAir. 22 October the assets of bankrupt KrasAir, Domodedovo Airlines, Samara Airlines and Atlant-Soyuz Airlines were consolidated in a new company, Rosavia, co-financed by the City of Moscow and Rostekhnologii. Rossiya, Orenair, Kavminvodyavia, Vladivostok Air, Dalavia and Saravia were originally planned to join this proposed airline holding company, too, which would have made Rosavia the largest Russian airline by fleet size. Following a 20 percent drop of domestic passenger numbers in Russia per month, the federal government scrapped all plans concerning the new airline on 5 March 2009
Agriculture, food industry and retail.
Russia had a high grain harvest in 2008, but so it was elsewhere in the world, bringing the prices down. To support the trade, Dmitry Medvedev authorized a state export subsidy of 40 US dollars per metric ton. This, according to the minister of agriculture, is sufficient to maintain exports at 20–25 million metric tons. The food industry is, however, locked between high costs of farm produce and tight price and credit terms dictated by retail chains. Food industry executives anticipate that the chains will eventually lose part of their clients to street markets, as the suppliers are forced to develop this independent sales channel.
Domestic retail chains, heavily leveraged, were experiencing liquidity crisis at least since April 2008. The first chain to go bankrupt in May 2008, Grossmart (190 stores in Moscow region), had a particularly high debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 6 to 1. Arbat Prestige, subject to government attacks since 2007, defaulted on its bonds in June. In November 2008 nine leading food retail chains (out of nearly 300) received access to government-backed financing. Nevertheless, retailers are pressing food suppliers for longer credit terms or bigger cash discounts, demanding up to 50% price cut for cash payment. Suppliers, in a mirror move, raised "regular" credit prices by 20–60%. Rather than submit to the chains' demands, they simply refuse to sell; visible depletion of stocks has affected only a few affected chains.
Social impact.
Unemployment.
A proprietary Ernst & Young survey of 113 clients that leaked into Russian press in November summarized their losses at 8% of managerial and 6% of low-level jobs by end of October. All companies in the survey practiced some sort of reducing labor costs. One company in four practiced unpaid "vacations"; 8% of clients settled for reduced working hours. Federal Migratory Service announced in November that 1123 Russian companies reported upcoming layoffs of 45 thousand.
Most layoffs were reported in metallurgy and financial services: 20% in Uralsib, 1000 in Vneshtorgbank's VTB24 retail division. 1 December Vedomosti reported upcoming 40% cuts in MDM Bank and 80% in IFD Kapital. Sberbank endorsed a long-term program to reduce headcount by 25% in 2014. In telecommunications, Sitronics laid off up to 10% in all business units; in audit services, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu reduced number of partners in its Russian division by 17 out of 180. Vedomosti has set up a private "layoff newsreel" syndicating independent reports of job cuts, yet as at 7 December 2008, there are no reliable nation-wide statistics on white-collar unemployment, which usually escapes official unemployment record.
By late November, Kremlin First Deputy Chief of Staff, Vladislav Surkov, was warning that the middle classes should be defended from poverty during the crisis. He called for swift measures to protect the middle class from layoffs and to support consumption. "If the 1980s were the times of the intellectuals and the 1990s were the times of the oligarchs then the 00s can be seen as the epoch of the middle classes,' Surkov said in a speech published on the Web site of the ruling United Russia party ... The main task of the state during the slump must become the preservation of the middle class, the defence of the middle class from the waves of poverty and confusion that are coming from the West," he said.
According to official statements released 9 December, rate of unemployment growth peaked in the middle of November and slowed down in subsequent weeks. In the week ending 3 December overall unemployment grew by 1.6% to 1.315 million people, following a 2.3% increase in the preceding week. The state also reported an increase in unpaid vacations and reduced working week employees to 149.3 thousands. The number increased by 84% in a single week ending 3 December. The trade unions anticipate that official unemployment will peak at around 2 million people in 2009, when hidden forms of unemployment become visible to statisticians. Yet on 12 December Putin announced completely different unemployment numbers – 4.6 million in October.
In February 2009 the unemployment rate peaked at a seven-year high of 9.4%, then began to steadily decline, falling to 7.7% as of October.
Consumer price inflation.
Official consumer price inflation in January–August 2008 reached 14.8%. By the end of November, food price inflation for an 11-month period reached 15.3%. Overall price inflation, taking into account consumer and industrial prices, reached 12.5% compared to 10.6% for the same period of 2007. Decline in short-term inflation was credited to a reduction in monetary supply. Inflation slowed through 2009 with a year on year rate of 9.1% as of November, down from 13.8% a year earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="19358259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358259" title="Canoeing at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres

The men's K-4 1000 metres event was a fours kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1968 Summer Olympics program. In the official report, heat results were shown in tenths of a second (0.1) while the remaining events were shown in hundredths of a second (0.01).
Results.
Heats.
The 19 crews first raced in three heats on October 22. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining ten teams were relegated to the repechage heats.
Hansen of Denmark's first name is listed as Jorgen in the official report. In 2008, Spain's Perurena became President of the International Canoe Federation and would become a member of the International Olympic Committee three years later.
Repechages.
Taking place on October 23, three of the top five competitors in each of the two repechages advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the three semifinals (raced on October 24) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on October 25. 
Norway's surprise victory was credited to their trainer Stein Johnson, who had coached previously in athletics, skiing, and speed skating before going into flatwater canoeing. Johnson also finished eighth in the men's discus throw event at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19358261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358261" title="Robert Glasgow">
Robert Glasgow

Robert Glasgow (1925 – September 10, 2008) was an American organist and music pedagogue. He taught at the University of Michigan for over 40 years and was an internationally respected performer.
Glasgow studied at the Eastman School of Music with Harold Gleason and Catherine Crozier, receiving both his bachelor's and his master's degrees there. He taught at MacMurray College for eleven years, then became a faculty member at the University of Michigan-Ann Arbor in 1962, remaining there until his retirement in 2005. Professor Glasgow joined the Michigan faculty after having taught for eleven years at MacMurray College in Illinois. MacMurray College named him an honorary doctor of music, and his Michigan colleagues honored him with the Harold Haugh Award for excellence in the teaching of performance. 
During his life, he gave concert tours through Europe several times, toured the United States and Canada every season, and was in demand for master classes and workshops. Annually, he appeared as a featured performer, lecturer and clinician at national and regional conventions of the American Guild of Organists. He gave a recital, a lecture, and a master class at the International Congress of Organists at Cambridge University, and was a featured recitalist and lecturer at the American Classic Organ Symposium in the Mormon Tabernacle, marking the renovation of its historic organ. He recorded the organ works of César Franck for Prestant Records. 
Glasgow was named International Performer of the Year in 1997 by the American Guild of Organists.

</doc>
<doc id="19358281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358281" title="Business routes of Interstate 35">
Business routes of Interstate 35

Fourteen business routes of Interstate 35 exist. Ten of these (plus one former business route) lie within the state of Texas, while the remaining four are in Iowa and Minnesota, two per state.
Texas.
Laredo business spur.
Business Spur 35 in Laredo, Texas, inventoried by TxDOT as Business Interstate Highway No. 35-A, has a "dangling end", running from the end of the I-35 to the downtown area in Laredo and into Gateway to the Americas International Bridge, continuing south as Mexico Federal Highway 85. The route is long.
In Laredo, I-35 Business runs from its junction with I-35 southward along San Bernardo Ave to Houston St; thence westward along Houston St to Salinas Ave; thence southward along Salinas Ave to the U.S. Customs Port-of-Entry; thence northward along Convent Ave to Matamoros St; and thence eastward along Matamoros St to the junction of I-35 and US 83.
Travelers going south on I-35 in Laredo can take one of two toll international bridges across the Rio Grande and the Mexican border—straight ahead into Juarez-Lincoln International Bridge, or via I-35 Business through downtown Laredo into Gateway to the Americas International Bridge.
Encinal business loop.
Business Loop 35 in Encinal is inventoried by TxDOT as Business Interstate Highway No. 35-B.
Cotulla business loop.
Business Loop 35 in Cotulla is inventoried by TxDOT as Business Interstate Highway No. 35-C.
Dilley business loop.
Business Loop 35 in Dilley is inventoried by TxDOT as Business Interstate Highway No. 35-D.
Pearsall business loop.
Business Loop 35 in Pearsall is inventoried by TxDOT as Business Interstate Highway No. 35-E.
New Braunfels business loop.
Business Loop 35 in New Braunfels is inventoried by TxDOT as Business Interstate Highway No. 35-H.
Kyle business loop.
Business Loop 35 in Kyle is inventoried by TxDOT as Business Interstate Highway No. 35-J.
Round Rock business loop.
Business Loop 35 in Round Rock is inventoried by TxDOT as Business Interstate Highway No. 35-L. It follows the previous route of U.S. Highway 81 from Hester's Crossing to Old Settler's Road for approximately . It's designated as Mays Street throughout the entire route.
Alvarado business loop.
Business Loop 35 in Alvarado is inventoried by TxDOT as Business Interstate Highway No. 35-V.
Sanger business loop.
Business Loop 35 in Sanger is inventoried by TxDOT as Business Interstate Highway No. 35-X.
Minnesota.
Pine City business loop.
Business Loop 35 in Pine City, Minnesota, begins at the intersection of I-35 and County State Aid Highway 7 (Exit 169) to the intersection with County State Aid Highway 61 and thence northerly along County State Aid Highway 61, parallel to I-35, to the intersection with County State Aid Highway 11. Thence the business route extends westerly along County State Aid Highway 11 and terminates at the intersection of I-35 and County State Aid Highway 11 (Exit 171). The route travels south to north through the business district of Pine City, a distance of approximately 3 miles.
Former routes.
Georgetown business loop.
Business Loop 35 was a former business route of I-35 in Georgetown. It was inventoried by TxDOT as Business Interstate Highway No. 35-M. The route was decommissioned in July 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19358334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358334" title="Keller Easterling">
Keller Easterling

Keller Easterling (born 1959) is an American architect, urbanist, writer, and teacher. 
Biography.
She earned both her B.A. and M.Arch from Princeton University and has taught architectural design and history at Parsons The New School for Design, Pratt Institute, and Columbia University. She is currently Professor of Architecture at Yale University. Easterling is a contemporary writer working on the issues of urbanism, architecture, and organization in relation to the phenomena commonly defined as globalization.
Easterling’s latest book, "Enduring Innocence: Global Architecture and Its Political Masquerades" (MIT, 2005), researches familiar spatial products that have landed in precarious political situations around the world. A previous book, "Organization Space: Landscapes, Highways and Houses in America", applies network theory to a discussion of American infrastructure and development formats. Easterling is also the author (with archivist, writer, and filmmaker Rick Prelinger) of "Call It Home: The House That Private Enterprise Built", a laserdisc on the history of suburbia and suburban planning. She has completed two research installations on the Web that explore alternative methods and documents for adjusting urban space: “Wildcards: A Game of Orgman” and “Highline: Plotting NYC.” Her work has been widely published in journals such as "Grey Room", "Volume", "Cabinet", "Assemblage", "Log", "Praxis", "Harvard Design Magazine", "Perspecta", "Metalocus", and "ANY". She has lectured widely in the United States as well as internationally and her work has been exhibited at venues such as the Queens Museum of Art, the Architectural League of New York, the Municipal Art Society, and the Wexner Center for the Arts.
In spring 2008 she was one of 100 designers chosen by prominent Swiss architects Jacques Herzog and Pierre de Meuron to receive a commission for a villa project organized by the Chinese artist Ai Wei Wei in Ordos, Inner Mongolia, as part of cultural district being built by local tycoon Cai Jiang.
She presented the academic paper “Subtraction” in the workshop Mine the city - With logistics to circular metabolisms at the 3rd International Holcim Forum 2010 in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="19358340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358340" title="NCAA Season 85">
NCAA Season 85

NCAA Season 85 is the 2009–2010 season of the National Collegiate Athletic Association of the Philippines. The host for this year will be San Beda College (SBC).
The season began on June 27 at the Araneta Coliseum with United States Ambassador to the Philippines Kristie Kenney delivered the keynote speech, followed by a tripleheader of seniors' basketball games. The juniors' basketball tournament tips off at the San Juan Gym with the remaining first round of eliminations games in basketball will be held at the Filoil Flying V Arena. Other sporting events will be held at Philippine Sports Commission venues such as the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex.
New member.
With the Philippine Christian University (PCU) taking an indefinite leave of absence after the revelation of identity switching on their juniors' basketball team, the league began accepting candidates to take over PCU's spot. Emilio Aguinaldo College (EAC), Centro Escolar University (CEU), Angeles University Foundation (AUF), Arellano University and Lyceum of the Philippines University were the top candidates to join the league; other schools that were considered are Technological University of the Philippines and Don Bosco Technical College (a member of the NCAA South). Seeking to name a replacement before the year ends, the new school must have a high school varsity program, participate in all NCAA sports, undergo a three-year probationary period, and pay a PHP5 million membership fee.
Aside from assuring itself an 8-team roster for 2009, the league also envisions on having a 10-team league by 2010. PCU may still apply for membership but they will have to go through the same process as the other new applicants. League chairman for 2008-09 Ding Lozano of the Mapua Institute of Technology mentioned that Lyceum and EAC were the top contenders to be accepted in 2008.
On January 2, 2009, it was revealed that the choices were pared down to Lyceum, EAC and Arellano. However, after a month of delay, the policy board failed to garner a minimum amount of votes to admit a new member; thus for this season, there will only be seven schools participating, while the schools that were considered will still be in contention for next season.
Prior to the Holy Week break, NCAA president Fr. Mat de Jesus, OSB announced that three schools were invited to compete as "guest teams" for the 2009–10 season, although he didn't mention the identities of the invited schools. Those that will accept invitations will still apply for full membership for the 2010–11 season. On April 21, newspapers announced that the three schools invited were Angeles University Foundation, Arellano University and Emilio Aguinaldo College. Lyceum's chances were said to be hurt with an absence of a high school varsity program. All three teams signified their intentions to participate as guest teams, paying the league 1.5 million pesos, plus a 500,000 peso-bond.
The Management Committee also decided that guest teams are eligible to win championships in the events they will participate at, and that their performance will be a part of their acceptance as full members.
Demonstration sports.
Olympic sports amateur boxing, archery and fencing will be contested as demonstration sports in the 2009–10 season. Boxing will be implemented with the help of the Amateur Boxing Association of the Philippines, with its secretary-general Patrick Gregorio saying that it is a welcome development.
Volleyball.
The volleyball tournaments commence on August 16, 2009 at the Ninoy Aquino Stadium. Subsequent games will then be held at the Emilio Aguinaldo College gym.
The old split-season format (winners of the first and second half of the season faced off in the best-of-3 finals) would not be used. Instead, the tournament will be a single round robin, with the top four advancing to another round robin semifinals, with best two teams going to the best-of-3 finals.
Men's tournament.
Elimination round.
Season host is boldfaced. Guest teams are italicized.
Finals.
!colspan=10|"Letran wins series 2–1"
Women's tournament.
Elimination round.
Season host is boldfaced. Guest teams are italicized.
Finals.
!colspan=10|"San Sebastian wins series 2–1"
Juniors' tournament.
Elimination round.
Season host is boldfaced. Guest teams are italicized.
Finals.
!colspan=10|"UPHSD wins series 2–0"
Chess.
The chess tournaments are held at SM City Manila starting on July 25, 2008.
Seniors' tournament.
Elimination round.
Season host is boldfaced. Guest teams are italicized.
Juniors' tournament.
Elimination round.
Season host is boldfaced. Guest teams are italicized.
Swimming.
The swimming championships were held at Trace Aquatics Center Los Baños, Laguna starting from August 18. A women's tournament, a demonstration event, was also held. The results are:
Women's tournament.
Women's swimming is a demonstration sport and is not counted on the General Championship.
Football.
The football tournaments are divided into three stages: A round robin elimination where the top four teams advance to the a round robin semifinals, and the finals where the top seed has the twice to beat advantage.
Cheerleading.
The NCAA Cheerdance Competition was held on October 21, 2009 at the Filoil Flying V Arena. The affair was covered live by Studio 23 and was hosted by Drei Felix and the various NCAA courtside reporters.
General Championship race.
Season host is boldfaced.

</doc>
<doc id="19358341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358341" title="Joseph H. Wales">
Joseph H. Wales

Joseph Howe Wales (1907–2002) was an American ichthyologist.
Career.
Joseph Howe Wales was born on 27 November 1907 in Iowa City, Iowa. At the age of 10 he moved with his parents Robert W. and Laverne Sorter Wales to Pasadena, California. In 1926, before his graduation at high school he contributed to the journal Condor where he published articles about the band-tailed pigeon and gulls.
Together with George S. Myers he collected three specimens of the now extinct Ash Meadows killifish in 1930. In the same year he graduated to Bachelor of Arts and in 1932 to Master of Arts at the Stanford University. In 1934 he received his Ph.D. After a diving trip to Devils Hole he wrote the scientific description to the previously unrecognized Devil's Hole pupfish. In 1935, he married Elizabeth Bangle, a mate from Stanford. He later worked as biological surveyor at the Bureau of Fish Conservation, California Division of Fish and Game in San Francisco, California, as District fishereies biologist in Mount Shasta, for the California Trout Investigation and at the California fish hatcheries. From 1959 to 1979 he served as Associate Professor of Food Science and Technology and pathologist at the Oregon State University, where he analyzed liver cancer in rainbow trouts. 
In his pastime Wales and his wife had a thoroughbred breeding in their residence at Mount Shasta. Wales was a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the American Fisheries Society. 
He died in Corvallis, Oregon on 21 August 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19358363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358363" title="The Crossing of Ingo">
The Crossing of Ingo

The Crossing of Ingo is a children's fantasy novel by Helen Dunmore, first published in 2008. It is the fourth and final volume in the "Ingo" tetralogy.
It was longlisted for the 2008 Booktrust Teenage Prize.
Plot summary.
Sapphire and Conor have been called to make the dangerous Crossing of Ingo, a journey to the bottom of the world, and it has been prophesied that if they complete it then Ingo and Air will start to heal. They have their Mer friends, Faro and Elvira, to help them, but their old enemy, Ervys, is determined to make sure they don't succeed. They have many adventures going around the world and Sapphire finds new abilities.
Reception.
The book has received positive reception from the "Liverpool Echo" and "The Times", the latter of which described it as "a dramatic climax" to the series and picked it for a summer reading selection for 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19358368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358368" title="Waterloo Institute for Nanotechnology">
Waterloo Institute for Nanotechnology

The Waterloo Institute for Nanotechnology (WIN) is located at the University of Waterloo and is co-located with the Institute for Quantum Computing in The Mike and Ophelia Lazaridis Quantum-Nano Centre (QNC). WIN is headed by Dr. Arthur Carty, former National Research Council President and National Science Advisor.
The Waterloo Institute for Nanotechnology comprises faculty from eight different departments in the faculties of Science and Engineering.
Major research facilities.
The Quantum-Nano centre is the site of a community laboratory for nano-metrology and nano-fabrication. Construction began on 9 June 2008 and is expected to be completed 21 September 2012. The 160 million dollar, facility will be the home to a laboratory.
Funding.
Capital funding for construction of the QNC was made possible by major gifts and awards from multiple sources including a 101 million dollar donation from Ophelia and Mike Lazaridis (co-CEO of Research in Motion and Chancellor of the University of Waterloo). Government funding includes 17.9 million dollars from the Canada Foundation for Innovation (CFI) which has been matched by the Province of Ontario. In addition, an anonymous donor has provided an endowment of 29 million dollars for 3 endowed chairs and 42 Graduate Nanofellowships.
Laboratories.
Giga to Nano Electronics Laboratory.
G2N is a fabrication laboratory that integrates a range of thin-film manufacturing, assembly, testing, and characterization equipment to create electronic systems in the very large (a few billion pixels) and very small (a few nanometres) size range.
WATLab.
WATlab is a nano-materials metrology research facility, equipped with surface and nano-materials research tools for exploring areas of nanotechnology and nano-scale sciences.
Advanced Micro-Nano Lab.
The Advanced Micro-Nano Lab will address the following device technologies.
Research interests.
Nano-engineered materials.
Research in nano-engineered materials includes many departments and Faculties at Waterloo. Researchers in chemistry, chemical engineering, mechanical and mechatronics engineering, and electrical and computer engineering are collaborating on modeling, design, fabrication, processing, characterization and analysis of nano-scale properties of materials, structures, devices and systems. This development will be further driven by the need to address a critical issue also faced in the integration of nano-scale devices: the interface between nano-structured materials and the macroscopic world.
Nano-electronics design and fabrication.
Developing techniques to integrate NEMS/CMOS (nano electro mechanical systems/complementary metal oxide semiconductor) to develop manipulators with atomic precision in all three dimensions with on-chip control. Example applications include: scanning probe microscopy, atomic force microscopy, nano-materials characterization and atomic resolution imaging with the objective of developing technologies for precision nano-scale assembly and manufacturing.
Nano-instrumentation.
Techniques to fabricate new instrumentation to characterize critical parameters such as size, composition, stiffness, surface characteristics, dopant concentration, magnetic coercivity, and other properties of particular interest to the nano scale. Due to their small size, nano-systems are extremely challenging to assemble, and yet precise control of their parameters is often critical to their performance. A related goal is to cause a paradigm shift in classical chemical measurements (in which samples are brought to the lab for analysis) by developing wireless, energy-efficient mobile nano-instruments that allow users to bring the lab to the sample. Examples of "the lab" include nano-instruments of all types and two examples of "the sample" include the environment or a patient. The metrology arm of the new labs will be used to study measurements at the nano-scale, to develop new and unique nano-scale measuring instruments, and to calibrate such instruments. It will also address associated challenges involved in fabricating, integrating and packaging instruments at the nano-scale.
Nano–biosystems.
Nano–bio is a field that includes both the use of nanotechnology in biological and agrifood systems and use of biological or biomimetic techniques in nanotechnology. Nanobiotechnology shows a tremendous promise of improving the quality of life. For example, nanovehicles might deliver drugs directly to targeted cells, nanomembranes may be used for development of cheap, effective water purification systems, or nanochips that interface neurons with electronics may become common place. NEMS (nano-electromechanical systems) might use sensors and physical controls to stabilize individuals with heart, kidney or liver disease. As nanotechnology researchers strive to create self-assembling devices, they are beginning to exploit natural self-assemblers: proteins, DNA and viruses. Examples also include development of food quality monitoring sensors and microfluidic biosensor components.Nanoscale imaging of biological systems helps to understand the nanoscale structure–function relationship of materials and in evaluating the food quality–function information. Characterization of nanoscale fragments of biomaterials such as DNA, proteins, chromosomes, plant cells, bacteria, starch granules and anti-allergens are extremely important.
Collaborations and partnerships.
Nanotechnology research at Waterloo has national and international scope through collaboration and partnerships with:

</doc>
<doc id="19358369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358369" title="2008–09 Malian Première Division">
2008–09 Malian Première Division

The 2008–09 Malian Première Division was the 44th season of the Highest-Level of Professional Soccer in Mali.
Overview.
Though the competition's structure has varied over time, the size of the league remained the same from the previous season. The championship was once again contested by fourteen teams between December 2008 and September 2009. The league was conducted over 26 rounds as well with all teams playing against each other twice on a home and away basis.
The structure by which promoted clubs are chosen has changed over time, but as of 2008, the two promoted teams are chosen from regional league tournaments. One club comes from Malian Groupe B league soccer tournament (for teams near Bamako and the west) and the other is the Malian Groupe A league which is a tournament for clubs outside Bamako. Al Farouk were promoted from Group A and Jeanne d'Arc FC were promoted from Group B.

</doc>
<doc id="19358374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358374" title="Friedrich August von Schönberg">
Friedrich August von Schönberg

Friedrich August von Schönberg (Tannenberg, June 12, 1795 – Dresden, April 5, 1856), Lord of Weningen-Auma, Zodelsdorf and Silberfeld, was a German Nobleman.
Career.
He was a Gentleman of the Bedchamber of the Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach.
Marriage and children.
He married in Roschütz on October 31, 1819 Caroline Christiane Freiin von Brandenstein (Gütterlitz, October 2, 1798 – Dresden, October 17, 1880) and had issue, among whom a daughter Caroline Adelheid Ernestine von Schönberg (Hain, near Gera, July 31, 1826 – Schloss Moraván, February 16, 1894), who married as his first wife in Weningen-Auma on March 6, 1849 Curt Franz Wenzel Christoph Erdmann Graf Zedtwitz von Moraván und Duppau (Asch, October 3, 1822 – Pressburg, November 19, 1909), Lord of Duppau in the Duppau Mountains with Sachsengriin in the Kingdom of Bohemia, and of Moraván with Duzó, Hubina, Nagy and Kis-Modó in the Kingdom of Hungary, and had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19358376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358376" title="313th Tactical Airlift Wing">
313th Tactical Airlift Wing

The 313th Tactical Airlift Wing (313th TAW) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Tactical Air Command, assigned to the 834th Air Division, being stationed at Forbes Air Force Base, Kansas. It was inactivated on September 2, 1966.
History.
Components.
Group
Squadrons
Operational history.
Activated in Austria on September 30, 1946. Assigned to United States Air Forces in Europe and equipped with C-47 and C-54 aircraft.
Transferred, without personnel and equipment, to the US on June 25, 1947
and assigned to Tactical Air Command. Trained with gliders and C-82’s. Redesignated 313th Troop Carrier Group, (Heavy) in July 1948.
Moved to Germany, October–November 1948, and joined United States Air Forces in Europe for participation in the Berlin airlift. Transported cargo such as coal, food, and medicine into West Berlin from November 1948 to September 1949. Redesignated 313th Troop Carrier Group (Special) in February 1949. Inactivated in Germany on September 18, 1949.
Trained in troop carrier operations, 1953. Trained to become proficient and to maintain combat readiness in tactical airlift operations, 1964–1973. Frequently deployed tactical squadrons or segments thereof on a global basis to support airlift requirements of overseas commands. Participated in tactical exercises and disaster relief on a regular basis. Last C-130 transferred on August 6, 1973. Thereafter, until inactivation, the wing assisted in the closure of Forbes AFB.

</doc>
<doc id="19358404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358404" title="Kargil order of battle">
Kargil order of battle

The Kargil war order of battle (KWORBAT), is a deposition and systematic combatant structure of the Indian Army troops and the unified Pakistan Armed Forces combat commands, active in the region in 1999. The Indian Army orbat is based on the publications provided by the Indian military authors, news media and official sources. 
The Pakistan orbat is based on the intelligence information provided by the Pakistani media (both electronic and print media), military authors, and Pakistani documentaries made after the conflict. The Pakistan orbat does not include the separatist fighters who claimed by India to be also involved in fighting atop the peaks of Kargil, however, this claim has been strongly dismissed by the senior military commanders of Pakistan armed forces command, quoting that "all soldiers were the active duty personnel of the .
Indian Orbat.
Indian Army.
Northern Command
3 Infantry Division (Leh)
Kargil Theatre Artillery (these arty units took part in the War serving under various formations)
Lt = Light; Fd = Field; Med = Medium; Hvy Mor = Heavy Mortar
Other battalions
Indian Air Force.
Apart from the involvement of the Indian Army, the Indian Air Force (IAF) also participated in the Kargil War as part of Operation Safed Sagar.
Pakistan orbat.
Initially, the Kargil order of battle was planned by the Directorate-General for Military Operaions (DGMO) Brigadier-General Nadeem Ahmed. However, after the IAF strike and Indian advancement in the region, the PAF and the Navy deployed and issued orders to their combat forces. Their missions were to conduct surveillance and air patrolling; no other combat units of PAF and Navy participated in the combat. The inter-services order of battle is mentioned in the table. According to the Pakistan news channels reports and military declassified information, the Kargil infiltration was comprehensively planned by the joint officers at the Joint Staff Headquarters, a joint office secretariat which then-served under General Musharraf.
From the starting of the conflict, there were numerous inter-services meeting coordinated by the chairman joint chiefs, to Prime minister Nawaz Sharif. The controversy still surrounds in the military science circle of the Pakistan armed forces, with chief of naval staff and chief of air staff including key theatre commanders of army combatant corps, leveling up the accusations that the Kargil front was launched without their knowledge or confidence.
Army formation.
Army formation
PAF formation.
PAF formation
Navy formation.
Naval deployment
References.
27 Sind

</doc>
<doc id="19358412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358412" title="Atanas Drenovichki">
Atanas Drenovichki

Atanas Drenovichki (; born 19 June 1990 in Gotse Delchev) is a Bulgarian football defender who plays for Slivnishki geroi. 
His Height is 1,80m and his weight is 68 kg. He plays in defence, originally on the left side but he can also play and the right side and in center.
Career.
Born in Gotse Delchev Drenovichki started play football in local team Pirin. In June 2008 he moved to Slavia Sofia and signed first professional contract.
International career.
In the beginning of 2010, Drenovichki was called up to the Bulgaria under-21 team for the first time, making his competitive debut on 3 March 2010, in a 0–2 loss against Montenegro U21.

</doc>
<doc id="19358417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358417" title="Damien Dufour">
Damien Dufour

Damien Dufour (born October 30, 1981 in Migennes) is a French footballer, who currently plays for AJ Auxerre B.
Career.
He played the 2007/2008 season for Grenoble Foot on loan from AJ Auxerre.

</doc>
<doc id="19358451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358451" title="Tolevamer">
Tolevamer

Tolevamer is a toxin binding polymer that was investigated by Genzyme for the treatment of "Clostridium difficile" associated diarrhoea (CDAD).
Background.
"Clostridium difficile" is a major cause of hospital-acquired diarrhoea, affecting about 300,000 patients in the U.S. alone. CDAD typically occurs after treatment with antibiotics which disrupt the gut flora, allowing "C. difficile" to proliferate in the gut and release enterotoxins which lead to diarrhoea. CDAD is usually treated with the antibiotics vancomycin, metronidazole or both. This therapy yields good results but has the disadvantage of further disrupting the flora.
Mechanism of action.
Tolevamer was designed to bind the enterotoxins rather than attack "C. difficile" directly. Since it has no antibiotic properties, it does not harm the gut flora. Early studies used the sodium salt, but it was soon replaced with the potassium sodium salt to prevent hypokalaemia which is often associated with diarrhoea.
Dosage.
Six grams of tolevamer potassium sodium were applied per day, but up to 15 g were tolerated well by most patients.
Termination of development.
In early 2008, a noninferiority study versus vancomycin or metronidazole found that about half of the patient in the tolevamer group did not complete the treatment, versus 25% in the vancomycin and 29% in the metronidazole groups.
CDAD recurrence in patients reaching clinical success was reduced significantly by tolevamer (6% recurrence rate), vancomycin (18%) and metronidazole (19%). However, the good result of tolevamer is partly due to the high drop-out rate in this group.
Since tolevamer did not reach its primary endpoint in this study, the development was halted.

</doc>
<doc id="19358452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358452" title="Georges Martin (freemason)">
Georges Martin (freemason)

Georges Martin (9 May 1844, Paris - 1 October 1916) was a French doctor, politician and Freemason.
Masonic Membership.
He was initiated on 21 March 1879 into the "Union et Bienfaisance" lodge of the Grande Loge de France. He was one of the founders of France's "Symbolic Scottish Grand Lodge". From 1890, he worked unsuccessfully for women's initiation within the male jurisdictions.
Founding of Co-Masonry.
He assisted in the initiation of Maria Deraismes on 14 January 1882 into the "Les Libres Penseurs" lodge of Pecq, and with her founded the first mixed-sex lodge in 1893, the "Grande Loge Symbolique Écossaise "Le Droit Humain"". This mother-lodge became the basis for the creation of the Le Droit Humain lodge, the origins of Co-Masonry, to whose national and international development he devoted himself from 1883 to 1916. In 1901, he created "Le Droit Humain"'s Supreme Council under the whose authority were placed all the lodges.

</doc>
<doc id="19358462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358462" title="Locator/Identifier Separation Protocol">
Locator/Identifier Separation Protocol

Locator/ID Separation Protocol (LISP) (RFC 6830) is a "map-and-encapsulate" protocol which is developed by the Internet Engineering Task Force LISP Working Group. The basic idea behind the separation is that the Internet architecture combines two functions, routing locators (where a client is attached to the network) and identifiers (who the client is) in one number space: the IP address. LISP supports the separation of the IPv4 and IPv6 address space following a network-based map-and-encapsulate scheme (RFC 1955). In LISP, both identifiers and locators can be IP addresses or arbitrary elements like a set of GPS coordinates or a MAC address.
Historical origin.
The Internet Architecture Board's October 2006 Routing and Addressing Workshop renewed interest in the design of a scalable routing and addressing architecture for the Internet. Key issues driving this renewed interest include concerns about the scalability of the routing system and the impending exhaustion of IPv4 address space. Since the IAB workshop, several proposals have emerged that attempted to address the concerns expressed at the workshop. All of these proposals are based on a common concept: the separation of Locator and Identifier in the numbering of Internet devices, often termed the "Loc/ID split".
Current Internet Protocol Architecture.
The current namespace architecture used by the Internet Protocol uses IP addresses for two separate functions:
LISP.
There are several advantages to decoupling Location and Identifier, and to LISP specifically.
A recent discussion of several LISP use cases may be found in 
The LISP mapping system.
In the Locator/Identifier Separation Protocol the network elements (routers) are responsible for looking up the mapping between end-point-identifiers (EID) and route locators (RLOC) and this process is invisible to the Internet end-hosts. The mappings are stored in a distributed database called the mapping system, which responds to the lookup queries. The LISP beta network initially used a BGP-based mapping system called LISP ALternative Topology (LISP+ALT), but this has now been replaced by a DNS-like indexing system called DDT inspired from LISP-TREE. The protocol design made it easy to plug in a new mapping system, when a different design proved to have benefits. Some proposals have already emerged and have been compared.
LISP beta network.
A testbed has been developed to gain real-life experience with LISP. Participants include Google, Facebook, NTT, Level3, InTouch N.V. and the Internet Systems Consortium. As of January 2014, around 600 companies, universities, and individual contributors from 34 countries are involved. The geographical distribution of participating routers, and the prefixes they are responsible for, can be observed on the LISPmon project website (updated daily). The multi-company, LISP-community initiative LISP4.net/LISP6.net publishes relevant information about this beta network on http://www.lisp4.net/ and http://www.lisp6.net/.
LISP-Lab consortium research network.
The LISP-Lab project, coordinated by UPMC/LIP6, aims at building a LISP network experimentation platform exclusively built using open source LISP nodes (OpenLISP) acting as ITR/ETR tunnelling routers, MS/MR mapping servers/resolvers, DDT root and Proxy ITR/ETR. Partners include two academic institutions (UPMC, TPT), two Cloud Networking SME (Alphalink, NSS), two network operators (Renater, Orange), two SMEs on Access/Edge Networking (Border 6, Ucopia) and one Internet eXchange Point (Rezopole). More information on http://www.lisp-lab.org . The platform should be opened to external partners on 2014/2015 and is already interconnected to the LISP Beta Network with an OpenLISP DDT root.
Commercial use of LISP.
LISP is also a key component of a number of commercial offerings. NJEdge.net and Vinci Consulting provide LISP based services.
Other approaches.
Several proposals for separating the two functions and allowing the Internet to scale better have been proposed, for instance GSE/8+8 as network based solution and SHIM6, HIP and ILNP as host based solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19358467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358467" title="Taith Joint Board">
Taith Joint Board

The Taith Joint Board is a legally constituted joint committee of the six north Wales county authorities for the purpose of developing and implementing actions and strategies for transport in north Wales. It was formally established on 31 March 2004. Prior to that date it was an informal consortium of the six north Wales counties (Anglesey, Conwy County Borough, Denbighshire, Flintshire, Gwynedd, and Wrexham County Borough). Taith had originally been the Transport Sub-Committee of the North Wales Economic Forum and adopted the "Taith" name and style in 2002. Although Gwynedd is a member of Taith, the former Meirionnydd district of Gwynedd is included in the mid Wales "TraCC" transport consortium which covers Powys and Ceredigion also. The boundaries of the transport consortiums in Wales (though not the names) were formalised by "The Regional Transport Planning (Wales) Order" of the National Assembly for Wales in 2006. Apart from Taith and TraCC there are two other transport consortiums in Wales - SEWTA and SWWITCH
Aims and Objectives.
The aims of Taith are the development and adoption of a transport strategy and subsidiary strategies for the Region embodying the following principles of extending the multi modal infrastructure of the Region, supporting sustainable improvements to the level of commercial and
economic activity in the Region,enhancing the safety and quality of transport services and
infrastructure within the Region,supporting a transport system meeting the needs of all the Region’s
residents and promoting improvement to transport links and policy integration with other areas outside the Region.
To achieve these aims, Taith undertakes the development, review and implementation from time to time of a Regional Transportation Strategy in accordance with rules and requirements established by Welsh Assembly Government and agreed with the six county authorities. The then Welsh Assembly Government made available funding under its Transport Grant Programme to Taith for improving public transport infrastructure across north Wales. The programme for 2008 - 2009 was valued at £5.3 million. The Transport Grant system was replaced by a Regional Transport Plan system with funding allocations on a three year rolling programme basis from 2010-2011.
Ministerial Advisory Group "Phase Two Report on Transport" (July 2009).
The future of Taith and the other Regional Transport Consortiums (RTC) in Wales was called into question by the Ministerial Advisory Group Report of July 2009. This Group, appointed by and reporting to the Deputy First Minister and Transport Minister Ieuan Wyn Jones stated that "The organisational arrangements for transport are unnecessarily complicated and the regional transport consortia represent an unnecessary tier in the structure." (Report summary).(http://wales.gov.uk/docs/det/publications/090715ministerialadvisorygroupphase2reportontransport.pdf)
However the then Labour/Plaid Cymru coalition accepted only a few of the minor recommendations. The implication that the consortiums should be abolished was not accepted. The Labour Welsh Government in 2012 indicated that it expected the RTCs to take on administration of the revamped Bus Service Operator Grant from April 2013. The RTCs continue to have a pivotal role in the Welsh Government smart card programme which administers the concessionary fare system for the over 60's and certain categories of people with disabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19358521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358521" title="2000 FA Charity Shield">
2000 FA Charity Shield

The 2000 FA Charity Shield was the 78th FA Charity Shield, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions. The match was played between Manchester United, who won the 1999–2000 Premier League, and Chelsea, who won the 1999–2000 FA Cup, and resulted in a 2–0 Chelsea win. The goals were scored by Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Mario Melchiot. Roy Keane was sent off for a challenge on Gustavo Poyet and was the last person to be sent off at the old Wembley Stadium.
Chelsea club record signing Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink was on the scoresheet on his Chelsea debut, scoring after a flick on from Poyet which deflected in off Jaap Stam. Mario Melchiot got the second in the 73rd minute hitting low left foot shot past Fabien Barthez.
Also making their debuts for Chelsea were new signings Mario Stanić and Eiður Guðjohnsen.
New goalkeeper Fabien Barthez was Manchester United's only debutant in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="19358576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358576" title="Jeanne d'Arc FC">
Jeanne d'Arc FC

Jeanne d'Arc FC is a Malian football club based in Bamako.
History.
They will play in the Malien Première Division 2008/09, the top division in Malian football. They are owned by former supporters of the Bamako club Stade Malien.
Creation.
At the end of the 2006/07 season, a group of Stade supporters broke away to form their own football club, taking the "Jeanne d'Arc" name with them. The name is a reference to one of two defunct clubs which combined to form Stade Malien, "Jeanne d'Arc du Soudan" (founded 1938) in 1960. In late 2007 this group formed Jeanne d'Arc FC Bamako, which competed in lower division football during the 2007/08 season.
Promotion.
In September 2008, Jeanne d'Arc became champions of the Malian Groupe B league soccer tournament, one of two regional tournaments which promotes teams to the Malien Première Division, and will complete against their former counterparts during the 2008/09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19358586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358586" title="Philo T. Farnsworth Corporate Achievement Award">
Philo T. Farnsworth Corporate Achievement Award

The Philo T. Farnsworth Corporate Achievement Award is a Primetime Emmy engineering award given to honor companies who have significantly affected the state of television and broadcast engineering over a long period of time. The award is given by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (ATAS) at the Engineering Awards ceremony held a few weeks before the main Primetime Emmy award ceremony. The award originated in 2003 as a means to recognize Panavision's years of contribution to the film and television industries. Unlike most other Emmy awards, it is not awarded every year.
The award is named after the inventor of electronic television, Philo Farnsworth.
Even though the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences (NATAS) has a separate Technology & Engineering Emmy Award category, the Philo T. Farnsworth award is listed as a part of the Los Angeles based ATAS Primetime Emmy award repertoire.

</doc>
<doc id="19358599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358599" title="Integrated Rutgers Information System">
Integrated Rutgers Information System

IRIS, the Integrated Rutgers Information System, is the former name for the Rutgers University Library Catalog. Implemented in the 1980s, the name was changed in 2011 as part of an effort to simplify the language used on the library web pages.
The Rutgers University Library Catalog is the online public access catalog for all of the Rutgers University libraries except for the Camden Law Library, the Rutgers Law Library - Newark, the Gottfredson Library of Criminal Justice, and the Schimmel Rare Book Library.
The Catalog contains records for books, periodicals, videos, manuscripts, printed music, CDs, DVDs, and other materials held by the Rutgers University Libraries, including those held on reserve for specific courses, and circulation records for all borrowers. For some libraries, items acquired prior to 1972 were not automatically included in the Library Catalog, but are being progressively added to the database. The Library Catalog indicates which libraries own each title as well as the availability of each copy of every title.
The Catalog has been configured to support direct export to the RefWorks bibliographic management system. Records can be marked and then saved directly into a RefWorks account.
Library Catalog records can also be exported to Zotero, an open source extension for the Firefox web browser that will allow you to collect, manage, and cite books and other materials.
The Catalog is Z39.50 compliant, so bibliographic management software like EndNote, ProCite, and Reference Manager can be used to connect and to search and retrieve bibliographic citations.

</doc>
<doc id="19358614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358614" title="Guns at Dawn">
Guns at Dawn

"Guns at Dawn" / "Ratpack" is a 2005 single by Baron featuring Pendulum.
Chart performance.
"Guns at Dawn" / "Ratpack" entered the UK Singles Chart on week 17, 2005. It peaked at number 71 before dropping out a week later.
Formats and track listings.
These are the major formats and associated track listings of single releases of "Guns at Dawn" / "Ratpack".
12" vinyl single<br>
12" picture disc<br>
Personnel.
The following people contributed to "Guns at Dawn" / "Ratpack".

</doc>
<doc id="19358617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358617" title="2008 Thailand Open (tennis)">
2008 Thailand Open (tennis)

The 2008 Thailand Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 6th edition of the Thailand Open, and was part of the International Series of the 2008 ATP Tour. It took place at the Impact Arena in Bangkok, Thailand, from September 22 through September 28, 2008.
The singles field was led by ATP No. 3, Australian Open champion, French Open and US Open semifinalist, Indian Wells and Rome Masters winner Novak Djokovic, Australian Open runner-up Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, Miami Masters semifinalist, Båstad finalist Tomáš Berdych. Also lined up were French Open semifinalist Gaël Monfils, Australian Open quarterfinalist Jarkko Nieminen, Robin Söderling, Marat Safin and Jürgen Melzer.

</doc>
<doc id="19358621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358621" title="Partnerships for Schools">
Partnerships for Schools

Partnerships for Schools (PfS) was a joint venture company that was set up in 2004 to deliver the UK's Building Schools for the Future (BSF) programme. In March 2006, PfS also took on responsibility for delivering the Academies programme, integrating delivery into BSF where possible.
PfS was a partnership between the Department for Education (DfE), (formerly DCSF and previous to that DfES), Partnerships UK and private sector companies.
Every state secondary school in England – around 3,500 in total – was to be rebuilt or refurbished by PfS over the duration of the programme, affecting around 3.3 million young people and thousands of teachers.
As of September 2008, 22 local authorities had selected their private sector partner for BSF and in so doing signed contracts worth £2.5bn that would see nearly 150 schools rebuilt or refurbished.
On 16 June 2009 the new Schools Minister, Vernon Coaker, announced that from 1 October 2009 PfS would also take on the responsibility for the distribution of capital for the Primary Capital Programme, Devolved Formula Capital and the Targeted Capital programme on behalf of the DCSF. Prior to this PfS had been charged with administering the cross government Co-location Fund. 
PfS was reported as being criticised by the National Audit Office for being over optimistic in its targets, for using consultants uneconomically, and for having high staff costs (the Chief Executive and top four directors received about £750,000 pa in total); the Shadow Schools Secretary warned that it should 'slim down' its bureaucracy. It was also reported to have unsuccessfully attempted to censor unfavourable comments from a critical report by the Policy Exchange think tank.
It was announced in June 2011 that PfS would be axed on 31 March 2012 to be replaced with a new executive agency called the Education Funding Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="19358635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358635" title="Mark Keller">
Mark Keller

Mark K. Keller is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 86th District and was elected in 2004. He currently sits on the House Agriculture & Rural Affairs, Game & Fisheries, Local Government, and Transportation Committees.
Career.
Representative Keller advocates rural and agricultural issues and considers protecting farmers and small businesses top legislative priorities.
Personal.
Representative Keller graduated from West Perry High School. He attended the Missouri Auction School and is a member of the Pennsylvania Auctioneers Association. He also attended some classes at Penn State University.
He and his wife, Sally, reside in Landisburg and have one son, Bryan.

</doc>
<doc id="19358676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358676" title="Celtrak">
Celtrak

Celtrak Ltd. is an Irish IT and Electronic Engineering company based in Galway which designs, manufactures, and provides operations management services for industry and public authorities across Europe, North America, and the Middle East.
History.
Celtrak Limited was founded in 2000 providing fleet management systems and vehicle tracking solutions. The company also undertook wireless technology research in partnership with NUIG. 
The company has been involved in developing technology to help drivers improve fuel efficiency.
Celtrak is also an industrial partner in the Digital Enterprise Research Institute (DERI) LION2 program which is conducting research and development into semantic web technologies. Celtrak contributes to the specialised DERI research group, the Global Sensor Network program, developing semantic solutions for the collection, querying and analysis of large amounts of data available from multiple sensors connected to the internet - sometimes called "sensor dust" or "the internet of things".
Celtrak hosts an Information Exchange Agency for the National Roads Authority's barrier free etolling system. The IEA is a back-office system that allows electronic vehicle tags from one operator to pass through the toll gate of another operator.
The company has also been involved in a project to help save lives by providing technology to help prevent lifebuoys from being stolen or vandalised.
The company now focuses on delivering GPS solutions to the civil engineering and utilities space in Ireland, the UK and Europe. Oil distribution companies also use the technology for fleet management.
In early 2008, Celtrak received a €1 million investment from Egis, a French engineering company.

</doc>
<doc id="19358679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358679" title="Richard Hall">
Richard Hall

Richard Hall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19358687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358687" title="Nanami">
Nanami

Possible writings.
Nanami can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The given name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19358688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358688" title="Greek Army uniforms">
Greek Army uniforms

The modern Greek Army has a history of over 180 years, during which has undergone dramatic changes and been involved in some of the major conflicts on the European continent. The modern Greek military throughout its history was closely following international developments in equipment and uniforms. With the notable exception of the elite "Evzones" units, which based their uniforms on the indigenous traditional garments of the 18th century, the rest of the Army, as most militaries worldwide, was always quick to adopt the military fashion current among the armies of the influential Great Powers. This influence can be roughly divided in three periods: French-style uniforms, which dominated throughout the 19th century (with many Bavarian elements during the reign of King Otto, and some Austrian and Russian influences later on), the British styles introduced around World War I and used during World War II and until the late 1960s, and the "NATO" or US-style predominating from ca. 1968 onward. Various individual items or details can of course be traced to other influences, and there were also transitional uniforms combining previous designs.
Early 19th century.
Greek War of Independence.
The army that fought the Greek Revolution was composed primarily of irregulars, who followed their own military leaders or "captains", and had no uniform code of dress. The first uniformed Greek unit however was the short-lived Sacred Band formed by Alexander Ypsilantis in the Danubian Principalities. Its uniform was black, inspired by Russian models and the uniforms of Brunswick, including the death's head emblem on the men's visorless shakos.
In Greece itself, uniforms of West European cut and black colour arrived in 1822, and were meant to be used by the newly established "Regular Corps". The Greeks however largely preferred their native garb, and only in 1825, when French Colonel Charles Fabvier assumed command of the regular forces, did a uniform, imported from Britain, begin to be used. It consisted of a blue coat, grey trousers (identical to those of the British Army), white leather equipment and a black leather, classically-looking helmet. In 1828, Governor Ioannis Kapodistrias supplied the reorganised army with French-style uniforms, and issued a standardised version of the traditional dress for the irregular forces. His reforms however faltered after his assassination, and by 1832, for all intents and purposes, the regular Greek Army was non-existent.
Reign of King Otto.
When the Bavarian prince Otto arrived in Greece, he was accompanied by a Bavarian Expeditionary Corps. The Greek Army was reorganised, and new, Bavarian-style uniforms, were issued, which in turn were greatly influenced by French and Russian models. The basic Line Infantry uniform was light blue, with white breeches during summer, with bright red collar, piping and cuff facings. Staff officers, Artillery and Engineer Corps soldiers wore a dark blue uniform, with red and black as the branch of service color for the Artillery and the Engineers respectively. A shako was worn as headdress, featuring the blue-white national cockade and King Otto's royal cypher, a crowned "O". The cavalry alone adopted a uniform based on that of the Polish lancers, in green with cherry red as its branch of service color. The "Phalanx", a special corps formed of pensioned officers of the Revolution, and the Mountain Guard battalions, wore standardised versions of the traditional garb, the former quite elaborate and embellished with gold embroidery, the latter plainer. A new uniform style was adopted in 1851, effectively copying the new French uniform styles, and was retained until after the ousting of Otto in 1862.
Late 19th century (1868–1908).
The new uniform, adopted in 1869, remained faithful to the French style. The officers' dress uniform ("great uniform", μεγάλη στολή) consisted of a dark blue, pocketless, hip-length tunic with stand-up collar and epaulettes (double-breasted for Artillery officers), with straight light blue trousers for Infantry and dark blue for other branches, while the shako was replaced by a kepi sporting a large feather plume. The Cavalry again retained a separate uniform style, with green Hussar-style tunics and breeches, cherry red branch colour and silver braid. Other ranks wore a simplified version of the same uniform both as dress and field uniforms. The leather equipment was black and of French design, to complement the standard-issue "fusil Gras" rifle. The officers' dress uniform was retained through subsequent changes in uniform styles, and continues in use today as the No. 1 uniform. Its use however is limited to the officers serving in the Army Academy.
The officers' field uniform followed Austro-Hungarian models, with the tunic being dark blue woolen in winter and white cotton during the summer, featuring fly-hidden buttons and scalloped pocket flaps. There were no epaulettes; rank was exhibited on the collar with tabs and bullion stars. Breeches were worn with high leather boots. French-style leather equipment and a sabre were carried in battle.
The "Evzones" battalions were also formed at the time, and acquired a uniform very similar to the one still used today as the ceremonial dress of the Presidential Guard.
Around the Balkan Wars (1908–1915).
Following the humiliating defeat of 1897 by the Ottomans, the urgent need for modernisation was felt by both the Government and the Staff of the Greek Army. The idea of khaki uniforms was introduced, just few years after the British had introduced their service dress, making Greece one of the first countries to adopt a modern look for its military. The use of off-white and drab uniforms was already common for summer use of the officers, who traditionally had the option of choosing privately tailored items. It was soon expanded with the universal introduction of the 1908 model for other ranks. 
This uniform included a near-copy of the British four-pocket tunic of the time, in olive green wool cloth or serge, with the addition of pipings and removable shoulder boards in branch-of-service colour cloth (Red: Infantry and Staff; Bright red-purple: Cavalry; Dark red-burgundy: Artillery; Light Blue: Engineers; Dark Blue: Gendarmerie). Brass-metal buttons were used for the majority of uniforms. The pants were straight with side pipings, designed to cover the ankle lace-boots, but in campaign the majority of soldiers found these cumbersome and used cloth puttees or stuffed them in their boots to hold them tight. A khaki single-breasted greatcoat was issued for winter.The black equipment was also replaced by a natural-brown leather set.
The first type of headgear was a German-style peaked cap, but this was soon replaced by the older French-style kepi but now in khaki wool and leather chinstrap, adorned with branch-pipings and an embroidered Greek royal cockade. In periods of mobilization older stocks continued being used for auxiliary units, mainly older caps and items of black leather. Minor variations of the 1908 uniform and equipment were issued to specialist units, e.g. breeches, high-boots and bandoliers to cavalry troopers.
Similar developments followed with the officers' uniforms. After a period of unstandardised changes, these settled on the model 1910. Their smart tunic was made in a higher quality olive-green wool, incorporating the internal scalloped pockets and standing collar of the Austrian army, but with branch pipings and Russian-style rank boards. The headgear was a khaki kepi with leather peak, gold-metal pipings (silver for Cavalry and Engineers) and a bullion-cockade, and the pants were piped riding breeches, usually worn with high boots or ankle boots and puttees. The equipment was brown leather, with a French-style pistol holster and a binocular case. During this period, all officers brought their sabres in campaign. The ceremonial uniforms nevertheless remained more or less the same as those at the start of the 20th century, in navy-blue and colour and bullion decorations, and topped with the historical kepi in elaborate designs. This remained as the "great uniform" virtually unchanged until the 1960s.
During World War I and Greco-Turkish War (1915–1922).
The years 1913–1915 saw the introduction of many non-standard and transitional officer's uniforms, until finally, the new khaki wool model 1915 uniforms were introduced. These entailed minor changes to the other ranks' uniform, mainly simplification by removing most coloured decorations, introducing collar tabs in branch-colour and the standard issue of cloth puttees. Branch colours were revised to help easier identification (Green for Cavalry; Black for Artillery).
The officers' uniform changed though significantly, adopting the changes that were already implemented by King Constantine and his staff in their private tunics, plus a return to the German-style cap that Constantine preferred. The new tunic was more practical for campaign, closer to the modern French and British styles. Wider-cut, it had bigger, external pockets pleated on the breast, scalloped flaps and stand and fall collar. The pipings were replaced by a pair of branch-colour collar tabs with metal buttons and the Russian boards were replaced by smaller straps. The highly visible cap metal pipings were replaced with subdued rank stripes of brown colour. The old-style leather equipment was replaced by a fashionable Sam Browne and a Webley revolver-style holster. 
The only major change introduced to the above uniform with the entry of Greece to the war in 1917, was the return of the kepi by the revolutionary government of Salonika. The kepi thus came to represent the Venizelos' faction in the course of the National Schism against the Royalist government of Athens, and symbolised the alliance with the French-led Entente. When Constantine left in exile, the new government phased-in the kepi headgear for all the Army officers. Other items of French origin saw widespread use during these wars, including the Lebel rifle leather equipment, the Adrian helmet, painted dark olive and the "bonnet de police" in khaki wool. This uniform was used in Ukraine and Asia Minor, along with stocks of French World War I style that were rushed in to equip the excess troops. The main khaki service dress remained virtually unchanged until the late thirties.
Second World War.
The 1908 pattern for other ranks in khaki wool remained virtually unchanged and was the uniform issued en masse to the troops that were deployed in the Greco-Italian War of 1940 and the brief Battle of Greece. Changes were significant only in the equipment, which by this time was a motley collection of Austrian, German, French and British patterns, reflecting a similar vast variety in personal arms. In contemporary pictures it appears though that the front-line troops had a relative homogeneous appearance. The majority were equipped with a new Model 1934 helmet, which was based on the contemporary Italian shell in field green colour, but without vents and with a locally produced leather liner. The main ammunition carrier was the Mannlicher twin-pouch and the Mauser triple-pouch, according to the rifle issued to the unit. 
Significant number of older French-design Lebel stocks were still in use, especially in support troops. A minority of front-line troops were issued with the 1915 Adrian helmet and British Brodie helmet, as the newer pattern was not received in adequate numbers. Due to the heavy winter conditions in Albania, the outfit was for most of the campaign covered by the long model 1908 woolen overcoat, single breasted, with turned down collar and rear semi-belt. The decorations on these uniforms were limited to a minimum. In contrast to regulations, only a minority of tunics and coats had the prescribed branch-color collar tabs. These colors remained the same as in WW1, and expanded to include more specialist troops. A new pattern of NCO rank stripes similar to the British chevrons, did not see universal adoption before the outbreak of the war, and the older patterns were still seen.
The officers' uniforms came in the thirties much closer to the British pattern of service dress with the adoption of an open collar intended to be worn with shirt and woolen tie, again with riding breeches, boots and a Sam Browne belt. The headgear in the late 1930s turned for good to a British-type leather peaked cap in khaki, with the exception of the Gendarmerie and the Hellenic Army Academy, which kept their traditional kepi. Officer rank insignia also changed from the colourful old Russian-style shoulderboards to a more subdued, British-style system. In 1938 a new pattern of forage cap was also introduced which was similar to the contemporary British, but with the Greek royal cockade in metal. By this time swords and sabres were limited to ceremonial use and a pistol was the main sidearm.
As the war progressed, much of the supplies were depleted and the Greek Army increasingly had to use new stocks of British military aid. At the last stages of the Battle of Greece, a significant number of troops was using battledress and the brodie helmet. The reconstituted free Greek Army in Egypt was completely reequipped with British uniforms and arms, which they kept throughout the Italian campaign and the first stages of the Greek Civil War. During these years, the new Greek Army was, outwardly, virtually indistinguishable from the forces of the British Commonwealth.
Post war.
The loyalist National Army fought the Civil War in British khaki battledress, wearing Brodie helmets, equipped in the majority with British arms. During their participation in the Korea War, the Greek Army were amply supplied with American stocks, parts of which they continued using in the sixties. Officers uniforms were virtually identical to the British battle dress and service dress of the era. 
The woolen battledress was progressively replaced during the years of the Military Junta of 1967-1974, giving a more US-like appearance with Olive Green cotton fatigues and webbing, along with the global issue of locally produced M1 helmets in Dark Green colours. Dark-green uniforms inspired by the contemporary US-ones were also developed for the officers in the 70s, while insignia and ranks remained those of the British-type as before. Camouflage had limited issue to elite units since the 60s, like the Alpine Commandos (LOK). The camouflage chosen was the French lizard type. This became the base for the expansion of camouflage to all troops by the early nineties, when the Greek Army reached its current appearance in uniforms.

</doc>
<doc id="19358689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358689" title="Save the World. Get the Girl">
Save the World. Get the Girl

Save the World · Get the Girl is the second album by The King Blues. It was released on 20 October 2008. Four singles were released from the album: "My Boulder", "Let's Hang the Landlord", "Save the World · Get the Girl", and "I Got Love". "I Got Love" reached #96 in the UK Singles Chart. The album has been received very well by fans and critics. The band hoped to make the top 75 on the albums chart starting 27 October; however, the album did not do so, peaking at #113.
The title is taken from the Clash song "Red Angel Dragnet" from their album "Combat Rock".

</doc>
<doc id="19358691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358691" title="Storm de Hirsch">
Storm de Hirsch

Storm de Hirsch was a very important player in the New York Avant-Garde film scene of the 1960s, though her biography and work are generally left out of the history. 
Biography.
Like many experimental filmmakers at the time, she did not begin her artistic career as a filmmaker. She had been a poet and published a number of works in the early 60’s. She wanted to find a new mode of expression for her thoughts that went beyond words on the page, which is when she turned to filmmaking. Despite lack of recognition, she was very present in the underground film movement and socialized with every big name on the scene, filmmakers such as Stan Brakhage, Jonas Mekas, Shirley Clarke and others. She mentions Jack Smith, Ingmar Bergman, Gregory Markopoulos, Michelangelo Antonioni, Vittorio De Seta, Ken Jacobs, Federico Fellini" and Jonas and Adolphus Mekas as her favorite film-makers.
Work.
Much of her work is abstract and employs a number of experimental techniques.
In an interview with Jonas Mekas on the making of "Divinations" she says "I wanted badly to make an animated short and had no camera available. I did have some old, unused film stock and several roles of 16mm. sound tape. So I used that - plus a variety of discarded surgical instruments and the sharp edge of a screwdriver - by cutting, etching, and painting directly on both film and tape." Sometimes these animations are superimposed over live-action footage. Her films are clearly influenced by her poetic background, and continued publishing books of poetry throughout her life. Her films also reveal an interest in eastern religious practices and rituals. Her work explores the possibilities of light and is concerned with spatial elements. In one film, Third Eye Butterfly, she uses a two-screen projection with split-screen frames to create a kaleidoscopic effect. 
Filmography.
Journey Around A Zero (1963)
Goodbye In The Mirror (1964)
The Color of Ritual, The Color Of Thought (1964–1967)
Divinations (1964)
Peyote Queen (1965)
Shaman, A Tapestry For Sorcerers (1967)
Newsreel: Jonas In The Brig
Sing Lotus (1968)
Third Eye Butterfly (1968)
The Tattooed Man (1969)
An Experiment In Meditation (1971)
Quotes.
On Peyote Queen:
"A further exploration into the color of ritual, the color of thought; a journey through the underworld of sensory derangement." - Canyon Cinema
"Soon the technicolor tiger claw scratches melt into dancing, human-like lines, and this is intercut with the progressive symbolism of the glyphs — breasts, fish, water, stars, the moon, female lips, seemingly a sailboat — De Hirsch represents these prehistoric glyphs by painting directly on the film stock. Unique, psychedelic motifs such as these certify Peyote Queen as an avant-garde gem." - DINCA BLOG
"A very beautiful work! The abstractions drawn directly on film are like the paintings of Miró moving at full speed to the rhythm of an African beat." - D. Noguez, La Nouvelle Revue Française
"Among my favorites ... beauty and excitement." - Jonas Mekas, The Village Voice 
On "The Tattooed Man":
"A major work in terms of style, structure, graphic invention, image manipulation and symbolic ritual. Short abbreviated dream-like moments, fused together by the tension and the dynamic of motion-picture time." - Stan Vanderbeek
"A death-haunted dream of sensuous color and sensual imagery." - Richard Whitehall, LA Free Press 

</doc>
<doc id="19358698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358698" title="Jacques Heim">
Jacques Heim

Jacques Heim (Paris, 8 May 1899 – Paris, 8 January 1967) was a Parisian designer and manufacturer of women's furs and couture, whose "maison de couture" opened in 1930 and closed in 1969.
He began his career managing the fur business of his Jewish parents Isadore and Jeanne Heim, founded in 1898.
His most prominent clients were Sophia Loren, Yvonne de Gaulle, Queen Fabiola of Belgium, Mamie Eisenhower and actress Gloria Swanson.
His son is Philippe Heim.
His daughter is Arianne Heim

</doc>
<doc id="19358706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358706" title="Corkball">
Corkball

Corkball is a "mini-baseball" game featuring a ball, which is stitched and resembles a miniature baseball. The bat has a barrel that measures in diameter. Originally played on the streets and alleys of St. Louis, Missouri as early as 1890, today the game has leagues formed around the country as a result of St. Louis servicemen introducing the game to their buddies during World War II and the Korean War. It has many of the features of baseball, yet can be played in a very small area because there is no base-running.
Game Play.
Corkball uses a ball, which is stitched and resembles a baseball. The bat has a barrel that measures up to in diameter and a maximum of in length. Playing fields are traditionally in width and in length. Different measurements are paced off to determine hits. A batter must hit the ball at least in order to register a hit. Any hit between and is a single, up to is a double, up to is a triple and beyond is a home run. Measurements can be modified based on available conditions. Baserunning is non existent due to the measured hits. Teams have a minimum of two players (pitcher and catcher) and a maximum of five players on the field at a time. Fielders may wear baseball gloves but are not required to. The catcher must wear a catcher's mask while behind the plate. Pitchers, while on the mound, can not wear a white shirt. Pitching rubber and home plate are the same as used in baseball. "Runners" advance as many bases as the batter gets on the hit. If a runner is on first and the batter hits a double, then the resulting runners will be on second and third. If a runner is on first and the batter hits a single, then it will be first and second.

</doc>
<doc id="19358708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358708" title="Chikadibia Isaac Obiakor">
Chikadibia Isaac Obiakor

Lieutenant General Chikadibia Obiakor (born on 18 February 1951 in Nigeria) currently serves as United Nations Military Adviser for Peacekeeping Operations.
Previously, he was the Force Commander of the United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL), a position UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan appointed him to in January 2006.
Lieutenant General Obiakor started his military career with the Nigerian Army in 1973. He has served as the Commander of the Economic Community of West African States Monitoring Group (ECOMOG) Artillery Brigade in Liberia (1996 and 1997), the ECOMOG Chief Coordinator of the Liberian elections in July 1997, and as the General Officer Commanding, Second Mechanized Division of the Nigerian Army. He also held the position of Chief of Administration of the Nigerian Army, in charge of the welfare, discipline and medical services for all Nigerian military personnel.
Lieutenant General Obiakor is a graduate of the National War College in Abuja. He obtained a Master of Science degree in strategic studies from the University of Ibadan in Nigeria and has participated in numerous international military courses.

</doc>
<doc id="19358712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358712" title="Lophosceles">
Lophosceles

Lophosceles is a small genus from the fly family Muscidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="19358733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358733" title="Stupidity (Dr. Feelgood album)">
Stupidity (Dr. Feelgood album)

Stupidity was the third album by Dr. Feelgood. It was released in September 1976, and was their first live album recording. Their mushrooming popularity was confirmed when "Stupidity" (1976) topped the UK charts.
The album reached number 1 in the UK Albums Chart in October 1976 (for one week), and remained in that chart for nine weeks. It was the first ever live album to go to number 1 in the UK chart in its first week of release. It was Dr. Feelgood's first and, to date, only recording to reach number 1, and appeared over eight months before their first single entered the corresponding UK Singles Chart - "Sneakin' Suspicion" (June 1977).
Along with "Rock Follies" in 1976, it reached the top spot in the UK without the benefit of a hit single.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Wilko Johnson; except where indicated
The original vinyl album had the first seven tracks, recorded in Sheffield, on Side 1, and the next six tracks, recorded in Southend, on Side 2. A free single, only issued with the first 20,000 copies, included the final two tracks. It was initially claimed that these final two tracks were recorded in Aylesbury: however, the text on the back of the 1998 Grand Records re-release (GRANDCD 21) states that tracks 8-15 were all recorded at Southend.
An extended CD version of the album was released in 1991 (CDP795934-2) entitled "Stupidity +" and sub-titled "Dr. Feelgood - Live - 1976-1990". In addition to the tracks above, there were an additional nine live tracks included: "Take a Tip" / "Every Kind of Vice" / "She's A Wind Up" / "No Mo Do Yakamo" / "Love Hound" / "Shotgun Blues" / "King For A Day" / "Milk and Alcohol" / "Down At The Doctors" - which were all recorded in the period after Wilko Johnson left the band in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19358738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358738" title="Lost Wisdom">
Lost Wisdom

Lost Wisdom is an album by Mount Eerie, with Canadian musicians Julie Doiron and Frederick Squire. It was released 7 October 2008 on P. W. Elverum & Sun.
The recording of the album was somewhat spontaneous. Doiron and Squire had a few days between a recent tour and an upcoming recording session in Olympia, Washington, and made a surprise visit to Phil Elverum in Anacortes. Although Elverum was reluctant to ask the two to record an album, the three decided to do so and quickly recorded the album.
Elverum considers Doiron his favorite singer, and says recording with her was a "dream come true" for him. She was a member of Eric's Trip, an indie noise pop band from the early 1990s, and has since recorded numerous solo albums. Elverum considers Eric's Trip his favorite band of all time, and says the band is "the reason why I got into playing music". On The Microphones' 2000 album "It Was Hot, We Stayed in the Water", he covered the Eric's Trip song "Sand" from their 1993 EP "Songs About Chris". The Microphones song "I Felt You", from the 1999 album "Don't Wake Me Up", samples the Eric's Trip song "May 11" from the 1993 album "Love Tara".
A different version of the song "With My Hands Out" appears on Mount Eerie's 2004 release "Seven New Songs", and other tracks later appeared on "Dawn", released on 1 November 2008. The track "Voice in Headphones" on this album reprises the chorus from Björk's song "Undo", over a different verse. Elverum had previously covered Björk's "All Is Full of Love" on the 2001 Microphones album "Blood".
The album was included in Pitchfork Media's "Best New Music" on 14 October 2008.
Track listing.
All songs written by Phil Elverum.

</doc>
<doc id="19358740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358740" title="Dawn (Mount Eerie album)">
Dawn (Mount Eerie album)

Dawn is the third full-length album by Mount Eerie. It was officially released 1 November 2008 on P. W. Elverum & Sun. The songs were all written by Phil Elverum during the winter of 2002–03, which he spent alone in a cabin in a remote part of Norway.
The album was released on CD concurrently with an 144-page hardcover book and 16 color photo cards. The book includes Elverum's journal entries and drawings from his Norway trip. The book is bound in paper that gives the feeling of wood. The album was also released as just an LP packaged with Elverum self-portraits drawn from the reflection of a window in the cabin in Norway.
Tracks.
Many of the songs appear on earlier releases by Mount Eerie. "Moon Sequel" is a follow-up to The Microphones' song "The Moon", and it carries the same melody. The song "Voice in Headphones" (which also appears on "Lost Wisdom", released a month earlier) reprises the chorus from Björk's song "Undo", over a different verse. Elverum had previously covered Björk's "All Is Full of Love" on the 2001 Microphones album "Blood".
Track listing.
All songs written by Phil Elverum.

</doc>
<doc id="19358785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358785" title="Time Belt">
Time Belt

Time Belt is a science fiction/comedy series created by Chris Tallman that ran from 2003-2004 on Channel 101. The series followed the adventures of Dr. Bloom, a nerdy scientist who, after his girlfriend is killed in a lunar shuttle explosion, creates a belt that allows the wearer to travel through time. With intentionally poor production values, the series served as one of Channel 101's many homages to low-budget science fiction films.
Format.
Each episode is presented in short form (typically four to six minutes), and usually starts and ends with Dr. Bloom entering and leaving a certain point in time and space. Towards the dramatic conclusion of each episode, Bloom responds to the situation with his catchphrase, "Fuck... that." Most sequences used in the credits, such as the ones depicting Bloom fighting Merlin and carrying Jesus from the cross, are not used in the actual show.
Production.
One of Channel 101's flagship series, it was created by producer/director/star Chris Tallman with the help of comic book writer and Channel 101 executive producer Rob Schrab. With low-budget techniques like toy dinosaurs and sound effects recorded from a microwave, they put together a pilot that was accepted by Channel 101. From there, Tallman and the crew created seven more episodes, ending in a dramatic conclusion that ties together the plot in the series finale.

</doc>
<doc id="19358791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358791" title="Terence Burns (cricketer)">
Terence Burns (cricketer)

Terence Arthur Burns (born 15 April 1938) is a former New Zealand cricketer. Born in Wellington, Burns was a right–hand bat and right–arm medium pace bowler who took five wickets in his two first–class matches for Northern Districts during the 1964/65 season.
Career.
Burns played his two first–class matches in February 1965, both in Seddon Park in Hamilton, New Zealand, against the touring Pakistan side and Canterbury cricket team. In the former, on 4 February, Burns made seven runs in Northern Districts only innings, and took three wickets in his first innings with the ball, those of Ghulam Abbas, Masood-ul-Hasan and Farooq Hameed. His second match saw him take two Canterbury wickets in their first innings, and two in Northern Districts first innings. The match was drawn as Northern Districts, following on, ended the final day five down with Burns not required to bat.

</doc>
<doc id="19358810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358810" title="Instant Party!">
Instant Party!

Instant Party! is an album by The Everly Brothers, originally released in 1962. It was recorded shortly after "Both Sides of an Evening" and it too failed to chart.
Critical reception.
The album consisted mainly of older pop tunes, making this release notable in its lack of the duo's normal rock and roll. Allmusic stated in its review: "...much of the playing was impeccable, but also, apart from three exceptions, incredibly boring, something the Everlys had never been before. "Instant Party!" marked a low point in their artistic fortunes..."

</doc>
<doc id="19358844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358844" title="Gavrail Panchev">
Gavrail Panchev

Gavrail Panchev (born 15 October 1954 in Stamboliyski) is a Bulgarian author, researcher and publicist. In 1982, Gavrail Panchev acquired his master degree in Bulgarian philology at Plovdiv University "Paisiy Hilendarski". Between 1983 and 1991 he worked consecutively as teacher and assistant director in High school "Father Paisiy" in Stamboliyski town. Gavrail Panchev was director of foundation “European month of culture” in Plovdiv city. Since 10 November 1989 he has published multitude articles in the Bulgarian national press (newspaper “Democracy”, “Philosophical alternatives” magazine, newspaper "Literatural forum", "Democratic review" magazine, newspaper "Marica" and others). Gavrail Panchev is author of eight books (Author and eight books ("Between the slavery and the freedom", "The change" and others). His newest work, Biography of Aleko Konstantinov in three volumes is assessed by the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences as the best research on the life of the prominent Bulgarian social and literature figure.

</doc>
<doc id="19358845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358845" title="Enders Island">
Enders Island

Enders Island an inhabited island located in Stonington, Connecticut and used as a Catholic retreat center, owned and operated by the Society of Saint Edmund. The island is connected to neighboring Mason's Island by a causeway and Mason's island is connected to the mainland by another causeway.
The island is also home to the bi-annual ten day residency portion of Fairfield University's low residency Master of Fine Arts in Creative Writing Program.
Nearby Fishers Island is part of New York despite disputes from before 1879, and a current petition [http://www.change.org/petitions/the-connecticut-state-government-fishers-island-ny-should-be-part-of-connecticut-again].
History.
The island is named after Dr. Thomas B. Enders who purchased the island in the early 1900s. He turned it into his private estate with a grand main house decorated in Arts and Crafts style. In 1954 the island was donated to the Society of St. Edmund.

</doc>
<doc id="19358864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358864" title="Edwin Lanham">
Edwin Lanham

Edwin Moultrie Lanham was born in Weatherford, Texas on October 11, 1904, in the north central part of Texas where his family settled in the 1868. His family included his grandfather S. W. T. Lanham, the former Governor of Texas. His father Edwin Moultrie Lanham, Sr., died when Lanham was four, and his mother, Elizabeth Stephens Lanham, remarried soon after and joined her husband in New York City.
Lanham began writing in Paris, France in 1928, and his writing career spanned many decades, and more than twenty novels. Lanham married a model Irene Stillman in 1928 in Clinton, CT, and had one daughter Evelyn in 1942. Evelyn used the nickname Linda. Evelyn is in a group photo of 13 relatives in 1957.
His only books to have received significant levels of literary praise were both written in the 1930s. "The Wind Blew West" is his most critically acclaimed work, and contains a fictional retelling of the Warren Wagon Train Raid of 1871 and the subsequent trial of the Native American defendants. In 1940, Lanham received one of the Guggenheim Fellowships, which funded his novel "Thunder in the Earth". After World War 2, Lanham ceased writing literary fiction, and his entire writing career focused thereafter on mystery writing.
These detective stories, moreover, remain popular among genre fiction readers.
In addition, three of his detective stories were turned into Hollywood films entitled: "The Senator Was Indiscreet"; "If I’m Lucky" 1946 ; and "It Shouldn’t Happen to a Dog" 1942.
Lanham died on July 24, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19358886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358886" title="Cherangany Constituency">
Cherangany Constituency

Cherangany Constituency (also spelled Cherangani) is an electoral constituency in Kenya. The constituency has six wards, all of which elect councillors for the Nzoia County Council. It is one of three constituencies in Trans-Nzoia District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19358891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358891" title="KBFP">
KBFP

KBFP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19358893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358893" title="Esmeralda García">
Esmeralda García

Esmeralda de Jesus Freitas García Silami (born February 16, 1959) is a retired long and triple jumper from Brazil, who also competed in the sprint events. A two-time Olympian she is best known for setting the (non-ratified) world record in the women's triple jump on June 5, 1986 in Indianapolis: 13.68 metres.
References.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19358911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358911" title="Eris Quod Sum">
Eris Quod Sum

"Eris Quod Sum" is the seventh episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes" and forty-first episode overall. The episode aired on October 27, 2008. "Eram quod es, eris quod sum" is a Latin phrase that is often found on gravestones and translates as "I was what you are, you will be what I am".
Plot.
Mohinder Suresh leaves Isaac Mendez's loft and takes Maya to Pinehearst Laboratories where he meets Arthur Petrelli. Arthur agrees to fix Maya, and so takes her ability for his own, "curing" her. After Maya leaves, clearly mistrustful after what Mohinder has put her through, Suresh is offered a place at Pinehearst's research lab. Arthur tells him that he can help with the side effects of Mohinder's injection (both halves of the formula can be seen in the lab) if Mohinder is willing to work for him. 
Back at the loft, Nathan Petrelli and Tracy Strauss call Noah Bennet in order to decide what to do with Mohinder's victims. Bennet arrives with Nathan's ex-flame Meredith Gordon, and amidst the awkwardness, Tracy laughs at the twisted familial ties that the three share with each other and Claire.
Sandra and Claire Bennet return home and have a heart-to-heart about their current situation. When they get out of the car, the electricity goes haywire in their home, and before Sandra can check the circuit breakers, Claire finds Lyle on the floor barely conscious. He informs them that "the bitch is back" and Claire finds Elle Bishop in Noah's home office, struggling to control her electrical powers. Claire and Elle get into a fight, whichs ends when Lyle throws water over Elle, shocking her into submission. Elle apologizes and confesses that she came to the Bennet house looking for Noah, so that he could help her control her ability. Claire and Elle decide to travel to Pinehearst together, and learn why their abilities are changing. In the airplane, Elle's powers begin to surge again causing the plane to dive. Claire, however, grabs her and absorbs the current, allowing the plane to revert to normal.
In a dream, Angela tells Sylar to save Peter from Pinehearst. Angela tells him to show her why he is her favorite son. Sylar awakens from the coma and kisses his sleeping mother on the forehead, agreeing to rescue Peter. Sylar arrives just in time to stop Mohinder from using Peter as his first test subject. He kills the Pinehearst assistant and fights Mohinder, giving Peter a chance to escape. Mohinder knocks Sylar unconscious and expresses his desire to kill him, but Arthur tells him to stop, Sylar is his son and that Arthur has been waiting for him for a very long time.
Arthur orders Daphne to kill Matt for not joining the villains. Matt's father, Maury, protests vehemently, reminding Arthur that he agreed to help him in return for Matt's safety. During this protest Arthur uses his powers to snap Maury's neck. Daphne shows up at Matt's apartment and holds him at gunpoint. Upon reminding her of the future that he has seen, in which they marry and have a child, Daphne tearfully drops the gun. She tells him that Pinehearst will just send someone else, but Matt refuses to run away. Knox arrives shortly afterwards. He overhears them talking about how fearful they are, and smiles. He breaks through the door and kills Matt and Daphne. After he leaves, the scene dissolves and the real Matt and Daphne appear. Parkman had used his ability to manipulate Knox's mind. Afterwards, Daphne calls Arthur and tells him that Matt believes that she is on his side. Arthur warns Daphne not to blow her cover.
Arthur convinces Sylar that Angela is manipulating him. He tells him that Angela tried to drown him as a baby after dreaming Sylar's future. Peter returns to help Sylar escape, but Arthur arrives. The three argue, culminating with Sylar throwing Peter out of the seventh floor window. Elle and Claire arrive just as Peter hits the ground, and Claire rushes to help him. Peter tells them that Pinehearst took his abilities and that they must run, but Elle decides to enter the building, hoping to have her ability removed. Arthur and Sylar both imply that someone slowed Peter's fall, saving his life - Peter separately comes to the conclusion that it was Sylar. Claire calls Nathan, who is told of his father's return. Peter implores Nathan not to go to Arthur, saying that he is too dangerous and intends to kill them all, and Nathan agrees. Afterwards, Tracy remarks that Nathan has no intention of listening to Peter, and Nathan admits that he is going to look for his father, but it will not be a social call.
Hiro doubted Usutu's advice on how to handle his opponents and didn't want to go back in time to deal with them. Instead Usutu made an edible paste (which Matt Parkman had previously eaten). Hiro ate some and his eyes turned white (the usual sign of precognition), before passing out. Ando blamed Usutu for trickery but Usutu said that Hiro "did not choose a path, so one was chosen for him", as he had warned would happen.
Critical Reception.
Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" rated this episode a D-.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode 6.8 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19358966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19358966" title="John Vernon Lord">
John Vernon Lord

John Vernon Lord is an illustrator, author and teacher. He has illustrated texts including "Aesop's Fables", "The Nonsense Verse of Edward Lear"; the Folio Society's "Myths and Legends of the British Isles", and "Epics of the Middle Ages". In addition, he has illustrated many classics of children's literature including Lewis Carroll's "The Hunting of the Snark".
Lord has written and illustrated several children's books, which have been published and translated into several languages. His book "The Giant Jam Sandwich" has been in print for over thirty years.
As a university professor John Vernon Lord has lectured on the art of illustration for over 40 years. 
Background and education.
John Vernon Lord was born in Glossop, Derbyshire in 1939. He was the son of a baker and a ship's hairdresser. He attended Salford School of Art, now the University of Salford in Lancashire (1956–60); and completed his formal education at the Central School of Arts and Crafts in London, where he was taught by the modernist writer and artist Mervyn Peake and the surrealist Cecil Collins, amongst others. In his recent retrospective, "Drawing Upon Drawing" he states that,
"During (his) student days, in the late 1950's the work of Gerard Hoffnung, André François, Ronald Searle and Saul Steinberg...and, to a certain extent..the work of Paul Klee"
were also influential, as was "an abiding interest" in Victorian steel engraving.
Drawing for a living.
In 1961 Lord began work as a freelance illustrator, joining the agents Saxon Artists, in New Oxford Street, London. This required him to draw on demand, day in and out, often for long hours. He describes the difference between life as an art student and life as a professional illustrator in the following terms:
As well as drawing the insides of stomachs, I tackled everything that came my way. I carried out portraits of company directors for their retirement dinner menu covers, buildings for brochures, strip cartoons, maps and humorous drawings for advertisements...gardens and their plants, vegetables, mazes, refrigerators, dishwashers, totem poles, kitchen utensils, resuscitation diagrams, all kinds of furniture, typewriters, agricultural crop spraying machines, door locks, folded towels, decorative letters, Zodiac signs, animals...When you are a student there is a tendency at first to limit yourself to draw only what you "like" drawing. This of course ultimately shackles you and limits your repertoire ...(it) narrows the margin of what you are able to depict in an image and consequently stifles imagination and ideas.
As a commercial artist, in 1968 Lord designed the album cover for "The Book of Taliesyn" by the band Deep Purple. The brief from the artist's agent is detailed in "Drawing upon Drawing" as follows:
"the agent gave me the title saying that the art director wanted a 'fantasy Arthurian touch' and to include hand lettering for the title and the musicians' names. I mainly drew from The Book of Taliesin, which is a collection of poems, said to be written by the sixth century Welsh bard Taliesin."
Brighton.
In 1968 Lord became a teacher at Brighton College of Art (now the Faculty of Arts (University of Brighton)). He concentrated on the illustration of books. He was commissioned to illustrate the "Adventures of Jabotí on the Amazon" and "Reynard the Fox" and so began a love affair with narrative illustration. During the 1970s, while a teacher at Brighton, he wrote "The Giant Jam Sandwich", "The Runaway Roller Skate" and "Mr Mead and his Garden", and illustrated Conrad Aiken's "Who's Zoo" Lord produced several illustrations for "Punch" and the "Radio Times". He wrote articles and gave public lectures on illustration as an art form. He began to work in black and white. In an article on cross hatching Lord writes:
"The whiteness of the paper already exists before you proceed to draw. It has established itself as a fundamental entity; a ground to tread on. What marks you make on the paper are as important as the marks you don't make; or is the opposite the case? The editing and selection of gap-making is fundamental to drawing. Nothingness, therefore, allows something else to exist. Planets move in space. Planets need space to move about in. Space doesn't need planets. The pencil (or whatever other drawing instrument you are using) clothes the naked surface of the paper with a network of marks and the paper often peeps through the drawing. A picture is made up of a balancing between the making, the removing, and the not-making of marks. Somehow a drawing represents the trails of a journey like, as Klee put it - 'taking a line for a walk', which is a far more conducive activity than taking a dog for a walk."
In 1986 he was appointed Professor of Illustration at University of Brighton and his inaugural lecture "Illustrating Lear's Nonsense" was published a few years later. Robert Mason reviewing Lord's lecture "A Journey Of Drawing An Illustration Of A Fable" writes:
Lord's fastidious verbal dissection of the process of making a single pen and ink illustration, The Crow And The Sheep, over a period of 11 hours and 11 minutes on the 10th and 11th of February 1985, was intimate and unique. Its very length, and its combination of intense focus interspersed with frequent digressions – about how to avoid actually working, the tendency of Rotring pens to clog, contemporary news topics (mortgage rate increases / African famines / American defence spending…) and the maximum and minimum temperatures of the days in question (minus 3 and minus 7 degrees Fahrenheit) made the audience feel at one with the process..." 
Selected publications as an illustrator.
1965 A Visit to Bedsyde Manor, by Stanley Penn, Guinness Publications.
1968 Adventures of Jabotí on the Amazon, by Lena F. Hurlong, Abelard-Schuman.
1969 Reynard the Fox, by Roy Brown, Abelard-Schuman.
1970 A Natural History of Man, by J.K. Brierley, Heinemann.
1970 The Truck on the Track, by Janet Burroway, Jonathan Cape.
1970 Dinosaurs Don't Die, by Ann Coates, Longman.
1972 The Adventures of Brer Rabbit, after Joel Chandler Harris, BBC Jackanory.
1975 Sword at Sunset, by Rosemary Sutcliff, (Edito-Service), Geneva.
1977 Who's Zoo, poems by Conrad Aiken, Jonathan Cape.
1984 The Nonsense Verse of Edward Lear, Jonathan Cape.
1989 The Song that Sings the Bird, poems chosen by Ruth Craft and illustrated by JVL, Collins.
1989 Aesop's Fables, verses by James Michie, Jonathan Cape.
1994 The Squirrel and the Crow, by Wendy Cope, 'Prospero Poets' series for the Clarion Press.
1995 King Arthur's Knights, by Henry Gilbert, Macmillan.
1998 Myths and Legends of the British Isles, edited by Richard Barber, The Folio Society.
2002 Icelandic Sagas, Volume 2, translated by Magnus Magnusson, The Folio Society.
2005 Epics of the Middle Ages, edited by Richard Barber, The Folio Society.
2006 The Hunting of the Snark, by Lewis Carroll, Artists' Choice Editions, The Foundry, Church Hanborough.
2009 Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, by Lewis Carroll, Artists' Choice Editions.

</doc>
<doc id="19359000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359000" title="Guyún">
Guyún

Guyún (Vincente Gonzalez Rubiera, Santiago de Cuba, 27 October 1908 – Havana, 29 September 1987) was an important guitarist, harmonist and teacher, who tapped into classical guitar techniques to revive the accompaniment of the trova. He achieved the finest transcriptions for guitar.
Guyún originally came to Havana to study medicine, but finding the university shut under Gerardo Machado, he started playing the guitar to earn a living. He started studying guitar under Sindo Garay, and later understudied Severino Lopez, who had an excellent classical training in the Tárrega–Pujol tradition in Spain. Guyún developed a modern concept of harmony, and a way to apply classical technique to popular Cuban music. He became more adventurous, yet still in Cuban vein, and in 1938 stopped performing to devote himself to teaching the guitar. This bore fruit, and two generations of Cuban guitarists bear witness to his influence. He wrote a valuable book, "La guitarra: su técnica y armonía", and two unpublished works: "Diccionario de acordes" and "Un nuevo panorama de la modulación y su técnica". He was highly praised by Andrés Segovia, on a visit to Cuba, and held various teaching posts. One of his students was the great tresero Nino Rivera (Andrés Echevarría).

</doc>
<doc id="19359007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359007" title="It's Coming">
It's Coming

"It's Coming" is the ninth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes" and forty-third episode overall. The episode aired on November 17, 2008.
Plot.
Following on from the previous episode, Arthur Petrelli is holding Hiro's head, while Hiro screams. Ando makes an unsuccessful attempt to rescue Hiro, during which Arthur lets go of Hiro, distracted by a painting of a new eclipse made by Usutu. Hiro and Ando make their escape, but Ando finds Hiro has lost his memories and believes himself to be a 10 year old. Ando helps him relearn how to use his powers and Hiro uses them to teleport the duo to a Japanese Bowling Alley. After several attempts to teach Hiro how to use his powers correctly Hiro teleports them to a comic book store.
Meanwhile, Claire and Peter flee from Knox and Flint. They get a short reprieve in the sewer, where Peter informs Claire about the person she might become in the future and how he's desperately trying to stop that from happening. When Knox and Flint find them, Peter runs and Claire distracts them. However, Knox reveals that they actually have come for her. Claire's bravery falters when Knox calls her by name, allowing Knox to get stronger by feeding off Claire's fear. They grab her, but Peter, having heard her shouts, returns and tricks Flint into igniting a loose gas pipe, letting him and Claire escape.
Arthur returns to Pinehearst and tells Sylar that his capacity for empathy (exhibited earlier by saving Peter from his fall) shows that he can actually take powers without killing. Arthur then tests this discovery by putting him in a cell with Elle, who is shackled to the floor. When she sees Sylar, she takes out her anger and grief over her father's death, striking him multiple times with her electric discharge. Sylar continues to heal and Elle eventually begs him to kill her, so the pain will stop. Sylar, however, frees her from the shackles and forgives her for hurting him 18 months earlier. He tells her all she needs to do is forgive herself. Elle does and shows visible relief, confirming that she's finally free from her pain and able to control her powers again. In helping Elle, Sylar also gains her power. The attraction between them returns and they're drawn to each other again, while Arthur watches them on a monitor. 
Nathan and Tracy confront Arthur, who tries to persuade Nathan to become the leader he was destined to be. Nathan leaves for Primatech to consider his options, but Tracy returns to Arthur. She states that she would be able to persuade Nathan to join Arthur provided she's given some protection.
Matt and Daphne arrive at Primatech where a vision of Usutu leads them to Angela. Matt decides to help her, which prompts Daphne to visit Arthur to inform him of the situation and ask for further instructions. When she returns, Matt decides to enter Angela's mind to help her escape her coma. He enters and finds Angela handcuffed to a chair, with all the doors locked. Suddenly, a door opens and Daphne appears - stabbing Matt. In the real world, Daphne notices that Matt has started to bleed and manages to join him inside Angela's mind. The fake Daphne is revealed to be Arthur, who informs Matt about Daphne's betrayal. Daphne counters that she loves Matt and she doesn't want to fight anymore. Angela plays on Arthur's feelings by reminding him of their love and Angela is freed from the chair. They all go back to the real world and Angela wakes up from her coma.
Peter and Claire arrive at Primatech and Matt attacks Peter - believing him to be the "Future Peter" who sent him to Africa. Peter convinces Matt it wasn't him and they go back to Angela's room. Angela tells them about the formula, and that there's a third piece required: a catalyst which lives in the blood of a human host. Mohinder had also explained this to Arthur earlier, stating that the catalyst cannot be artificially created. Arthur pointed out that Kaito Nakamura must have hidden it, but not well enough - and was seen soon after looking at Claire's file. When Angela finishes explaining, Claire confirms her belief that she is the catalyst, as Sylar saw something different inside her. 
At the comic book store, Hiro and Ando discover a new edition of "9th Wonders!". The last page has the same picture of the eclipse that Usutu painted, with the caption "It's coming". The episode ends by contrasting images of both Petrelli parents and their respective groups of supporters - (Team Pinehearst: Arthur, Elle, Sylar, Knox, Flint and Tracy; Team Primatech: Angela, Peter, Nathan, Daphne, Matt and Claire) - while Arthur draws an eclipse using Peter's copy of Isaac's power, saying only that "It's coming".
Critical Reception.
Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" rated this episode a F.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode 7.6 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19359038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359038" title="Mimille Okiélé">
Mimille Okiélé

Mimille Olfaga de Borniche Okiélé (born April 17, 1988 in Lengo) is a Congoese footballer, who currently plays for AJ Auxerre.
Career.
In July 2007, Okiélé was transferred from CARA Brazzaville to AJ Auxerre B and in the Season 2008/2009 he was loaned out from AJ Auxerre to AS Vitré. In June 2009 his club try to transfer him in OGC Nice and Dynamo Kiev after agreeing the transfer. He refuse and stay with AJ Auxerre.
International career.
He is a part of the Congo U-20 national team, African champion 2007. During the competition he was one of the most attractive player and participate with the Congo to the World Cup under 20 in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19359049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359049" title="HMS Racoon (1887)">
HMS Racoon (1887)

HMS "Racoon", sometimes spelled HMS Raccoon, was an "Archer"-class torpedo cruiser of the Royal Navy. "Racoon" was laid down on 1 February 1886 and came into service on 1 March 1888. She served on the East Indies Station where, on 27 August 1896, she was involved in the bombardment of Sultan Khalid's palace during the 40 minute Anglo–Zanzibar War.
In early May 1901 "Racoon" returned to the United Kingdom, and was paid off at Sheerness on 6 July 1901.
She was decommissioned on 1 January 1905 and sold for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="19359051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359051" title="Siskel/Jacobs Productions">
Siskel/Jacobs Productions

Siskel/Jacobs Productions is a Chicago, Illinois-based documentary and film-production company.
History.
Siskel/Jacobs Productions was founded in 2005 by filmmakers Jon Siskel and Greg Jacobs.
Works.
The company produced the History Channel special "102 Minutes That Changed America", which premiered on September 11, 2008 and became the second-most watched program in the network's history. The company has also produced a special for Discovery Channel and an episode for the National Geographic Channel's "Naked Science" series. As of 2008, SJP is working on its first feature documentary, "Louder Than a Bomb", which follows four Chicago-area high school poetry teams as they compete in the world's largest youth slam.

</doc>
<doc id="19359056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359056" title="The Eclipse (Heroes)">
The Eclipse (Heroes)

"The Eclipse" is a two-part episode, consisting of the tenth and eleventh episodes of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes". The first part aired on November 24, 2008, and the second part aired on December 1, 2008.
Plot.
Part 1.
A second eclipse causes all of the heroes and villains to lose their abilities. Mohinder Suresh has lost all of his scales and abilities due to the eclipse, so he attempts to go in search of Maya to apologize to her, but Arthur insists that he remain and find a way to return all of their powers. Arthur sends Elle and Sylar to get Claire who is being trained to fight by Noah at Stephen Canfield's previous residence. During the "training", Claire then reveals that she is still angry that he walked out on their family. Elle and Sylar show up and, when Elle aims her gun at Noah, Claire jumps in front of him and is shot. Noah disarms the also-depowered Sylar and Elle easily and takes Claire, who is unable to heal, home. 
Elsewhere, Peter and Nathan attempt to reach the Haitian, who is in his childhood village attempting to capture his brother, Baron Samedi. When Nathan loses his powers in mid-flight, the two continue the search by foot. However, it's not long before soldiers find the brothers and open fire on them. They run through the forest, but Baron Samedi takes Nathan hostage under the orders of Arthur Petrelli. In his apartment, Matt is unable to restore Hiro's memories because Hiro thinks in Japanese. He goes in search of Daphne, with Hiro and Ando in tow, and discovers that she had cerebral palsy, which forces her to use leg braces and crutches, and that her power was the only thing keeping her disability from affecting her. Meanwhile, Ando enlists the help of two comic book nerds (guest stars Seth Green and Breckin Meyer) to help restore Hiro's memory.
Sylar appears relieved to be free of his hunger for powers, while Elle is distressed, knowing that it will be harder to act ruthless without powers. Sylar and Elle begin to kiss, as Noah Bennet sights them in his sniper rifle scope from a nearby roof.
Part 2.
Daphne reveals that her disease kept her from walking until the last eclipse, when she gained her powers which restored her ability to walk. After explaining to Matt she orders him to leave which he does as her father returns. At the comic book store, Hiro goes through all of the "9th Wonders!" issues in an attempt to regain his memory. Upon finding the more unpleasant events (fighting Sylar, the death of his father, etc.), he runs to hide in the bathroom not wanting to "grow up."
Claire is rushed to the hospital when the gunshot wound infection becomes serious, a symptom of having had powers that kept her immune system from acquiring antibodies making it appear as though she'd had a gunshot wound for far longer. Preoccupied with exacting revenge on Elle and Sylar, Noah Bennet leaves his wife to deal with hospital staff and police questioning. Sylar and Elle are unaware of Noah as they had just made love, when Elle sees a red dot appear across Sylar's forehead and they are able to escape the house, with Elle being shot in the leg. They make it to a storage warehouse, where they decide to do everything together, now that their powers are gone, but when they see Bennet on the monitor, Sylar shoves Elle into an elevator shaft to save her. At the same time that Claire dies in the hospital of septic shock, Noah slits Sylar's throat. 
In Haiti, Peter and the Haitian rescue Nathan and two kidnapped girls. The eclipse ends and everyone's powers return. Nathan uses his power of flight to slam Baron Samedi into a car, but Samedi survives. The Haitan then apparently wipes his brother's mind completely. The experience prompts Nathan to see sense in his father's vision, arguing that giving more people powers would end genocide. At the hospital, Claire's powers return where she regenerates from her wounds and escapes with her mother. 
Mohinder, who has managed to knock out his guard (Flint), goes to Maya's apartment. He knocks on her door, but like everyone else, his powers have returned along with his scaly skin. Before she has a chance to open the door and see him, he runs away and returns to Pinehearst.
Sam (Seth Green), using Ando as a translator, gives an inspiring speech to Hiro that restores his confidence and will to continue. Frack (Breckin Meyer), in the meantime, finds a clue in an earlier issue to what Hiro needs to do next and where to go: he believes that Hiro needs to take Claire and travel back sixteen years to when Kaito Nakamura handed the infant Claire off to Noah Bennet (a scene first shown as one of Noah Bennet's flashbacks in "Company Man"); Hiro may be able to recover his memories there. Taking that issue and using an image from issue #31 (the issue depicting the episode's events that Sam and Frack were looking at the end of part 1), he teleports away to get Claire. 
Matt returns to Daphne's farm after learning that their powers returned. He convinces her to reconcile with her father, who she'd abandoned when she first got her powers. The two then go to the comic book store, wondering what to do next, but they've reached the end of the latest issue, and since the comic's author is dead, can expect no more. However, Sam remembers a story he heard that there "is" still one untold 9th Wonders story left: it's in the sketchbook Isaac Mendez gave to the bike courier the day he died and if Matt, Daphne and Ando find that courier, they'll find that last story. 
At the Bennet home, Noah Bennet returns to an angry Claire who is disappointed he wasn't there for her in the hospital. When he finds out she was able to return to life, he panics as he realizes that Sylar will have regenerated too. Sure enough, Sylar and Elle are waiting downstairs, holding Sandra hostage. As Sylar holds him up against a wall with telekinesis, Noah reveals that Angela and Arthur lied about being his parents, that they were simply using him, and says Elle knows the truth too. Sylar starts to cut Bennet's throat with his powers, but Hiro teleports in and takes both him and Elle away. 
On the beach Hiro teleported them to, Sylar decides that trying to change is futile, saying that he and Elle are just "damaged goods" and will never change and resolves to return to his familiar murderous ways. He starts by opening up Elle's skull.
Hiro teleports away with Claire to sixteen years in the past where they witness Kaito handing over baby Claire to Noah Bennet.
Critical Reception.
Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" rated the first part a C- and the second part a D-.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the first part 6.8 out of 10 and the second part 6.3 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19359111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359111" title="Edward Pritchard">
Edward Pritchard

Edward Pritchard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19359133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359133" title="Mongolia at the Paralympics">
Mongolia at the Paralympics

Mongolia first competed at the Summer Paralympic Games in 2000, and has competed in every edition of the Summer Paralympics since then. The country first participated at the Winter Paralympic Games in 2006.
Mongolia's first, and so far only, Paralympic medal came in 2008, when Dambadondogiin Baatarjav took gold in the men's archery, in the recurve standing event.

</doc>
<doc id="19359138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359138" title="May Mann Jennings">
May Mann Jennings

May Austin Elizabeth Mann Jennings (April 25, 1872 – April 25, 1963) was the First Lady of Florida as wife of Florida Governor William Sherman Jennings. She was one of Florida's most powerful and influential women.
Early years.
May Mann was born in the Centerville section of Bayonne, New Jersey. Her parents moved to Crystal River, Florida in 1874 where her father, Austin Mann, was elected to the Florida Senate. Her mother died in 1882 when she was 9, and her father sent May and her older sister away to St. Joseph Academy in St. Augustine, Florida. 
The children spent vacations with their father in Tallahassee when the Legislature was in session. May was very bright and learned everything she could about people, politics and the Capitol. She graduated valedictorian of her class in 1889. Austin Mann ran for the state House of Representatives and May assisted in the campaign, hosting teas and talking with people at rallies.
Marriage.
Mann met Hernando County Judge William Sherman Jennings at her father's home near Brooksville, and a courtship began. May's father won the election and when the legislative session began in January, 1891, May went to Tallahassee to serve as her father's aide, with responsibility for her father's appointments, correspondence and hosting social events. Williams Jennings came to Tallahassee and the courtship continued. Judge Jennings married May Mann on May 12, 1891 and they were escorted down the aisle by the full legislative membership.
The newlyweds lived in Brooksville in the William Sherman Jennings House. Her husband George was elected to the Florida legislature in 1893 and became Speaker of the House in 1895. The couple had one child, a son, Sherman Bryan Jennings. William then ran for and was elected governor in 1900. Many credit his meteoric rise in the state Democratic Party to May's extensive knowledge of state politics and politicians and her vast network of Florida Federation of Woman's Club members. 
The couple moved to Miami for four years in the Governor’s mansion in 1901. Following her husband’s term as Mayor, the couple moved to Tallahassee, then Florida’s largest city, where he established a successful law practice. They divided their time between a home in Jacksonville and a farm and timber holdings in Clay County near Middleburg. 
Civic work.
Jennings was an organizer of the Duval County Federation of Women's clubs and was president of the Florida Federation of Women's Clubs. She used that network of motivated women to fight for issues including environmental conservation, child welfare, Women's suffrage, the State Library of Florida in Tallahassee, reservations for the Seminoles, the establishment of compulsory education, stock fence laws, and state parks. Club women across the state worked in campaign drives, lobbied legislators and appealed to other organizations for assistance.
After she was widowed in 1920, she was co-founder of the Florida chapter of the League of Women Voters. She campaigned and spoke for prohibition, better treatment of children and prisoners, education reforms and funding, improvements in public welfare, historic preservation and highway beautification.
She died on April 25, 1963.
Legacy.
She was known as the "Mother of Florida Forestry" for her part in promoting and securing the legislative act that created the Florida State Board of Forestry, known today as the Division of Forestry. According to Ruthanne Vogel of the University of Miami, "She was...instrumental in the development of Royal Palm State Park near Homestead," later donated to the National Park Service and incorporated into Everglades National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19359141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359141" title="Theef">
Theef

"Theef" is the fourteenth episode of the seventh season of the science fiction television series "The X-Files". It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on March 12, 2000. It was written by Vince Gilligan, John Shiban, and Frank Spotnitz and directed by Kim Manners. The episode is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology. "Theef" earned a Nielsen household rating of 7.4, being watched by 11.91 million people in its initial broadcast. The episode received mixed to positive reviews from critics.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In this episode, Mulder and Scully investigate the murder of a prominent doctor's father-in-law, who was found with the word "theef" written on the wall in blood. After a string of follow-up accidents, Mulder suspects hexcraft may be the source of threats against the doctor's family.
"Theef" was written in a short amount of time during the show's Christmas break after another script was dropped by the series. The main conceit of the episode was "modern medicine versus backyards supernatural arts". The episode featured several noted actors, including Billy Drago, who played the role of antagonist Orell Peattie, and James Morrison, who was a former cast member of the science fiction series "", which was created by former "X-Files" writers Glen Morgan and James Wong. Series creator Chris Carter later called the episode "very well cast".
Plot.
Dr. Irving Thalbro is staying the night with his daughter and her family in California, including her husband Dr. Robert Wieder (James Morrison). In the middle of the night, Irving finds a pile of dirt shaped like a man in his bed. Irving is then found by Robert hanging from the ceiling with the word "theef" painted in Irving's blood on the wall. While investigating the next morning, Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) notices the graveyard dirt in Thalbro's bed and believes it may be caused by a hoodoo hex. Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson), however, believes that the doctor committed suicide by slitting his own throat, writing on the wall, and hanging himself. He was also found to have a prion disease called kuru, which has not been found in the United States before. Mulder believes that kuru was given to him by a hex that caused him to go mad. The Wieders then find a family photo missing from their bedroom, and a "hoodoo man", later revealed to be named Orell Peattie (Billy Drago), is seen placing the faces cut from the picture into various voodoo dolls. Ms. Wieder collapses after another pile of graveyard dirt is found in her bed. Her skin then sprouts lesions as the "hoodoo man" stands by the pool talking to the doll.
Peattie visits Dr. Wieder at work, but refuses to tell him why he is committing these hexes against his family. Wieder does some research of his own and finds a bracelet in a Jane Doe file that he believes may be connected. Mulder consults an expert in the occult, who notes that, in order to commit hexes, the man must draw energy from a charm and place blood, hair and a picture of the victim inside the dolls in order to follow through with the hexes. Meanwhile, Mrs. Wieder is burned to death during Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and the "hoodoo man" is found taking her voodoo doll out of the microwave. The word "theef" is also found branded in Mrs. Wieder's chest. Dr. Wieder tells the agents that the man came to see him, and that he found a Jane Doe case that may be connected to the murders. After investigating, it is revealed that the Jane Doe was Lynnette Peattie who died last October during a bus crash. The doctor gave her an overdose of morphine, euthanizing her due to her pain. Mulder assumes the man is her father and that he feels the doctor stole his family away from him. Mulder decides to exhume the body of Lynette Peattie and move it to Virginia, taking away her father's power, but when they exhume the casket there is no body inside.
Meanwhile, Peattie's landlord sneaks into his apartment for pain medication and finds the body of Lynnette in his bed. Immediately, she contracts a flesh-eating disease. After hearing about the incident on the news, Mulder goes to Peattie's apartment and finds Lynnette's headless body, but Peattie missing. Peattie finds the Wieder family, whom Scully is protecting, and makes a voodoo doll with Scully's hair and photo inside. He places nails in the doll's eyes and Scully promptly goes blind. Peattie breaks into the house, takes Scully's gun and stabs a voodoo doll of Dr. Wieder, causing the doctor to collapse in pain. Mulder shows up, finds Scully's voodoo doll and removes the nails from it, causing her to regain her vision and shoot Peattie. He is placed in a coma and Lynnette's body is shipped back to her home in West Virginia.
Production.
Writing.
Originally, the episode was not planned to be produced during the seventh season. However, just before the writing crew prepared to take their Christmas break, one of the scheduled scripts was removed from the line-up. In order to meet the deadline, Frank Spotnitz, John Shiban, and Vince Gilligan decided to write a script about "modern medicine versus backyards supernatural arts". Gilligan later joked that "I think I was enlisted for the fact that I'm Southern, and they thought I was the closest thing they had to a hillbilly on the staff".
Producer David Amann explained that the inspiration for the story was "What if you have a doctor who is prosperous but has a dark page from his past that comes back to haunt him?" Spotnitz later elaborated that the story initially was "going to be how do you get rid of something you can't get rid of". However, the writers soon found this storyline difficult to develop, and, by Spotnitz's own admission, the story "started to evolve into a "Cape Fear" type of situation". The episode was finished by the writers over the Christmas break and then "handed over" to Kim Manners, who became the episode's director.
Casting, directing, and makeup.
Noted actor Billy Drago was brought in to play the role of Orell Peattie, a casting decision that series creator Chris Carter later called "especially lucky". His son, Darren E. Burrows, had previously been cast as Bernard in a season six episode, Monday. Actor James Morrison, who played Dr. Wieder, was a former cast member of the science fiction series "", and had previously been cast as detective Jim Horn in an episode of "Millennium" called "Dead Letters". Both of these were written by former "X-Files" writers Glen Morgan and James Wong. Leah Sanders, who was cast as the background character Reporter #1, was a childhood friend of John Shiban who had not been in contact for twenty years. Shiban was reportedly delighted to discover that his former friend had been coincidentally cast in the episode. Carter noted that the episode "was very well cast".
Kim Manners later noted that "Theef" was difficult to shoot because the cast and crew had inadequate time to prepare. He explained, "It was kind of a rush thing and we got the script very late. We were totally winging it while we were shooting it". Manners later stated that the episode "came together" in the editing room: "When I looked at the footage, it was like I was looking at somebody else's film. But it cut together real nice and the end result was that 'Theef' turned out to be a decent little episode". Manners later admitted that the episode was his only credit for the series during which he experienced illness. With Manners out for a day due to his sickness, Rob Bowman took over directing duties for a day.
Cheri Montesanto-Medcalf, one of the show's makeup creators, was extremely pleased with Drago's makeup in the episode. She later noted, "I remember Billy Drago was awesome–he looked so creepy after makeup. I just wanted this guy to look super-creepy and disturbing to look at, but real enough that you might be scared if you looked out your window at night and saw him standing there".
Broadcast and reception.
"Theef" first aired in the United States on March 12, 2000. This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 7.4, with an 11 share, meaning that roughly 7.4 percent of all television-equipped households, and 11 percent of households watching television, were tuned in to the episode. It was viewed by 11.91 million viewers. The episode aired in the United Kingdom and Ireland on Sky1 on June 18, 2000 and received 0.71 million viewers, making it the third most watched episode that week. Fox promoted the episode with the tagline "Voodoo curse? Tonight, the dark powers of black magic have chosen their next victim... Agent Scully." The episode was nominated and won a 2000 Emmy Award by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences for Outstanding Makeup for a Series.
Todd VanDerWerff of "The A.V. Club" awarded the episode a "B+", and called it "the strongest straight-up, non-experimental standalone the season’s had so far," as well as one of "the strongest 'scary' episode since season five. " He praised the guest cast—mostly notably Drago and Morrison—and wrote that the writers of the episode were able to successfully make the character deaths in the episode count in a way that moved the audience. VanDerWerff's main criticism of the episode was the it painted Peattie "as a backwoods hick and a rather broad stereotype of one." Tom Kessenich, in his book "Examinations", gave the episode a moderately positive review. Despite slightly criticizing the episode utilizing a voodoo-based plot, which he called " terribly original", he concluded that "there's nothing wrong with a little modern medicine vs. practical magic confrontation. And I definitely enjoyed how Scully had her envelope pushed once again". Rich Rosell from Digitally Obsessed awarded the episode 4 out of 5 stars, noting, "writer Vince Gilligan gets fairly serious in this ep concerning a series of deadly hexes cast upon a doctor and his family, as well as some cryptic scrawlings. There's plenty of bad mojo going around as the X-Files team gets to dig deep into the dark side of the magick arts, with Scully at one point losing her sight, thanks to a vengeful hex doll. Spooky". "TV Guide" later named the episode's main antagonist, Orell Peattie, as one of "The Scariest X-Files Monsters". Paula Vitaris from "Cinefantastique" gave the episode a moderately mixed review and awarded it two-and-a-half stars out of four. She concluded that "although 'Theef' is burdened with some illogical plot developments and some underdeveloped characterization, overall it is a decent installment of "The X-Files"".
Several other reviews were more mixed. Kenneth Silber from Space.com was critical of the episode, noting that the main antagonist is "a veritable caricature of backwoods stupidity and thus hard to take seriously". He did, however, compliment the sympathetic qualities of Dr. Wieder and his family. Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", rated the episode two-and-a-half stars out of five, noting that the episode was "just too unambitious an X-File to be anything more than a collection of moments, only some of which work".

</doc>
<doc id="19359142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359142" title="2008 China Open (tennis)">
2008 China Open (tennis)

The 2008 China Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 10th edition of the China Open, and was part of the International Series of the 2008 ATP Tour, and of the Tier II Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Beijing Tennis Center in Beijing, People's Republic of China, from September 22 through September 28, 2008.
The men's draw featured ATP No. 5, Australian Open and French Open quarterfinalist, Valencia and 's-Hertogenbosch winner David Ferrer, US Open quarterfinalist, Dubai, San Jose champion Andy Roddick, and Olympic silver medalist, Viña del Mar, Munich titlist, Beijing defending champion Fernando González. Also lined up were Stuttgart finalist Richard Gasquet, Umag winner Fernando Verdasco, Tommy Robredo, Rainer Schüttler and Sam Querrey.
The women's field featured WTA No. 2, US Open runner-up, Rome winner Jelena Janković, French Open, Indian Wells champion Ana Ivanovic, and Olympic silver medalist, French Open finalist, US Open semifinalist, Berlin, Montreal and Tokyo winner Dinara Safina. Also present were French Open semifinalist Svetlana Kuznetsova, Prague titlist Vera Zvonareva, Agnieszka Radwańska, Daniela Hantuchová, Anna Chakvetadze.

</doc>
<doc id="19359147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359147" title="Kieni Constituency">
Kieni Constituency

Kieni Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of six constituencies in Nyeri District, Central Province. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19359154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359154" title="Talal El Merhebi">
Talal El Merhebi

Talal El Merhebi طلال المرعبي (in Arabic), born in the end of 1946, is the son of Khaled Beik Abdulkader El Merhebi, politician and leader in the North Lebanon district of Akkar (Deputy of Akkar since 1934). Khaled Beik had eight children, six daughters and two sons, Khaldoun and Talal.
Education:
•Started school at "Les Freres" in Tripoli
•Then Moved to "Les Appotres" Jounieh as a boarding school
•He then continued his education at the Saint Joseph University (Yessouiyye) (USJ) Beirut and finished his law degree in the Arab University.
•Highly active in student affairs: Elected President of North Lebanon Students in Tripoli.
•In 1970, He founded The Akkar youth club that held several activities: Educational, Social, Health-related, and Sports events.
•He was also one of the founders of the North Lebanese students association in Beirut that regrouped a big number of Northern students in Beirut.
Talal, referred to as the Beik by tradition and leadership since he presented himself in the 1972 elections and got elected, or His Excellency since he got appointed as Minister twice (Minister of Public Health in 1979 and Minister of the National Economy later that same year).
At that time, The Second bureau (el maktab el thani) which was created by Fouad Chehab and some high rank militaries was on his downfall. The president Sleiman Beik Frangie was Khaled Beik's friend and neighbor, he proposed to Talal to present for the elections with Mikhael El Daher, Dr Abdallah El Rassi and Sleiman Beik El Ali El Merhebi who was a relative because at that time in Akkar it was only the Merhebis who ran elections for the Sunnis in Akkar.
The Merhebi family is the biggest family in Lebanon, with almost 20,000 members of the family living mainly in Akkar, Tripoli, and some in Beirut.
While the others failed, Sleiman Beik El Ali El Merhebi’s list (named the "Popular List" (Al Laiha al chabiya)) got elected entirely and Talal Beik got a big number of votes that was also due to women that voted for him believing in "a young, educated leader".
Talal entered the parliament in April 1972 and was the youngest deputy in the parliament. He got elected Secretary of the Parliament with Amine Jumayyel as President of the Republic and Kamal El Assaad as prime minister. Later that same year, he got appointed as member of the Financial Committee and Decider in the Public Affairs Committee.
Being a lawyer himself, the Beik presented a lot of suggestions for laws and regulations and participated in getting them executed, most of them were related to student affairs, student and workers rights and betterment of the governmental employees’ situation. As a new entrant to the Lebanese political world, Talal consistently requested a change in the system and tried as much as possible to contain the corruption.
Akkar was a very poor region that needed lots of improvement, Talal Beik presented and executed lots of projects in order to develop the region like new roads construction, water facilities, telephone centers, power plants projects and a large number of governmental hospitals and schools.
In 1973 Talal got nominated as Minister, but wasn't chosen due to his age.
The spark that ignited the war occurred in Beirut on April 13, 1975, when gunmen killed four Phalangists (Kataeb) during an attempt on Pierre Jumayyil's life. Perhaps believing the assassins to have been Palestinian, the Phalangists retaliated later that day by attacking a bus carrying Palestinian passengers across a Christian neighborhood, killing about twenty-six of the occupants. The next day fighting erupted in earnest, with Phalangists pitted against Palestinian militiamen (thought by some observers to be from the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine). The confessional layout of Beirut's various quarters facilitated random killing. Most residents of Beirut stayed inside their homes during these early days of battle, and few imagined that the street fighting they were witnessing was the beginning of a war that was to devastate their city and divide the country.
The government could not act effectively because leaders were unable to agree on whether or not to use the army to stop the bloodletting. When Jumblatt and his leftist supporters tried to isolate the Phalangists politically, other Christian sects rallied to Jumayyil's camp, creating a further rift. Consequently, in May 1975 Prime Minister Rashid as Sulh and his cabinet resigned, and a new government was formed under Rashid Karami. Although there were many calls for his resignation, President Frangiye steadfastly retained his office.
Syria, which was deeply concerned about the flow of events in Lebanon, also proved powerless to enforce calm through diplomatic means. And, most ominous of all, the Lebanese Army, which generally had stayed out of the strife, began to show signs of factionalizing and threatened to bring its heavy weaponry to bear on the conflict.
'"In light of the recent events, Talal Beik created the National Opposition party "Jabhat el mouwajaha el wataniyya" which held members from all religions in order to insist on keeping the national unity among the Lebanese since Talal was a strong believer in an independent, united Lebanon.
This party had political power and Military power that was only used for the protection of civil property and citizens of Akkar. Talal defended the Lebanese Independence against the division conspiracy that many foreign countries tried to impose at that time."'
In 1976, The Riyadh Conference, followed by an Arab League meeting in Cairo also in October 1976, formally ended the Lebanese Civil War; although the underlying causes were in no way eliminated, the full-scale warfare stopped. Syria's presence in Lebanon was legitimized by the establishment of the Arab Deterrent Force (ADF) by the Arab League in October 1976.
Talal beik was against the intervention of the Palestinians in Lebanese affairs and disagreed with Palestinian figures on many issues, consequently he was forced to hide in Akkar the North of Lebanon for a while in. He worked hard with National figures to stop the war and allowing the entering of Deterrent Force and attended the meetings in Damas and Riad in 1976.
In 1979, He was appointed Minister of National Economy and Minister of Public Health under Prime Minister Salim El Hoss’s government which was a small government with only 14 ministers. He had great success in both ministries and was very close to President Elias Sarkis.
'"As a Minister of Public Health, the major event was the improvement of the Operations Center for the implementation of the Open-heart operations at the American University hospital: For the First time in Lebanon, the ministry, under his excellency’s order (Talal Beik) could donate 6 Million Lebanese Pounds to every open-heart operation patient since the costs were reduced and patients wouldn’t have to travel abroad to operate themselves.
As a minister of the national economy, he worked on boosting the economy by creating strong ties and good collaboration with the Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
Appointed minister as a second time, he kept working on his national duties and did not differentiate among the Lebanese people; he served everyone, Christian or Muslim, with no exceptions and served all regions especially everything related to health matters."'
Later that year, there had been disagreements with some of the Syrian Leaders and he was forced to leave the country for Paris where he stayed for around two years.
With Bachir El Jumayyel elected as president El-Merhebi was back to help bringing back the legitimacy of the government. Talal and many other figures were working on keeping their neutral position after president Jmayyel's assassination and the country was divided again.
In 1989, He went with other deputies to the Taef agreement in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and was elected member of the new constitution writing committee. He worked very hard with President Hussein Al Housseiny and the other 16 members in order to reach the necessary constitutional modifications that had to be made in a political context blessed by Saudi Arabia, Arab countries, the United States, and the East.
Talal insisted to go to back to Lebanon and refused to go elsewhere after the Taif agreement regardless of all the threats he received, he stabilized with his family.
In 1992, the 6th of May was a disaster, famous day known as "6 ayyar", the government resigned.
Talal Beik was afterward nominated as Prime Minister and after President Elias El Hraoui informed him approval, a last-minute Syrian intervention took place and stopped him from being appointed.
While in "Taif", Talal was introduced to the President Rafik El Hariri through president Rene Mouawad.
Talal El Merhebi was an active member in the Islamic reunion with the Mufti Cheikh Hassan Khaled and worked with president Hariri after being elected Prime minister on the approval of the Solidere project.
All throughout the years Talal El Merhebi continued his work and was a friend and loved by everyone, due to his kind, helpful, and supporting personality. According to Talal corruption was unjustified and he tried his best to fight corruption in the political class and that was one of his most important priorities, that's why he didn't abuse his power to make money while others were. It's true he came from a wealthy family, but he was a supporter of an anti-corruption cause.
He presented to the 1992 elections in the North of Lebanon and got elected with a big number of votes. In 1996 he got reelected and got the highest number of votes between competitors.
After the elections he created the Independent National party (Al takattol el watani el moustakill) with a group of deputies and ministers like Minister Sleiman Frangie, Minister Talal Erslan, Cheikh El Khazen and many others.
He presented many proposals for laws and regulation for the betterment of the society with some of his colleagues like Botross Harb, Khatshik Babikian and Mohamad Beydoun.
He presided the parliamentary emigrants committee as well as both the Lebanese-Italian and the Lebanese-Japanese friendship committees.
In the year 2000, he presented to the elections with the same allies but the Syrian officers worked their best on failing him using all sort of methods, like threatening and imprisoning his supporters, and with all that the difference was minimal.
Talal El Merhebi kept his place as a leader in the region and he still is exercising his political life due to the strong ties he had made with a lot of the government officials and is known to be a man of Justice, Equality and fairness.
On October 14, 2012, The Lebanese Decision movement is launched by Talal El-Merhebi, the launching ceremony is symbolic and one of a kind; priests and Muslim cheikhs are seated next to each other in the ceremony and the public unity is cited as one of the main objectives of the movement.
Also strong emphasis was made regarding the women's role in the society, "she is there to lead instead of be lead".

</doc>
<doc id="19359163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359163" title="Megan Leslie">
Megan Leslie

Megan Leslie (born September 29, 1973) is a Canadian politician, who has been the federal Member of Parliament for the electoral district of Halifax since the 2008 Canadian federal election. She is a member of the New Democratic Party and serves as the NDP deputy leader and critic for the environment. Until May 2010, she was the critic for housing and homelessness, deputy critic for justice and deputy critic for First Nations, Métis and Inuit affairs (urban issues).
Life and career.
Leslie was raised in Kirkland Lake, Ontario. She holds a Bachelor of Arts (Hons) in Social & Political Thought and History and a Certificate in Refugee and Migration Studies, both from York University. She has a law degree from Dalhousie University.
Megan Leslie's ethnic background is related to Finland. Her mother had emigrated to Canada. Before election to Parliament Leslie was not widely known amongst the Finnish Canadians, but has since attended Finnish events such as the Annual Suurjuhlat (Grand Fest). In 2010 Megan Leslie gave the first Varpu Lindström lecture, an annual event created in honor of Professor Varpu Lindström, a history researcher at York University (Toronto). Leslie has also spent a year studying at the University of Tampere in Finland. In an interview with the Vapaa Sana, the leading Finnish language newspaper in Canada, in 2009 she described her relationship with Finland.
After her law degree, she worked for the Dalhousie Legal Aid Service as a community legal worker and law professor. She has an extensive background in social justice advocacy on poverty issues. She is a founding member of the Affordable Energy Coalition and was part of a successful settlement agreement with Nova Scotia Power Inc. regarding energy efficiency programs. She has advocated at Residential Tenancies, Small Claims, Income Assistance Appeal Board, CPP Disability Tribunal, and Utility and Review Board hearings and has coordinated mobile legal info clinics around Halifax, including Direction 180, Stepping Stone, Metro Immigrant Settlement Association, Metro Turning Point, Bayers Westwood Parent Resource Centre, Single parent Centre and Adsum House. She developed the "Tenant Rights Project", which was named as an anti-eviction strategy best practice.
In 2005, Leslie attended the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Montreal to present on the issue of energy poverty. She has also made presentations to the Canadian Public Health Association national conference, the Atlantic Regional Association of Immigrant Settlement Associations and the national conference of the Public Legal Education Association of Canada.
Member of Parliament.
Leslie was nominated as the NDP's candidate in Halifax after former party leader Alexa McDonough announced her retirement from politics as of the 2008 election. She won handily, finishing 6,800 votes of her nearest opponent. She was re-elected with an increased majority in 2011.
Leslie was inundated with hate mail after she was misquoted slamming all-terrain vehicle drivers in an Ottawa publication, saying "People gripe about the price of gas being too high, but they’re prepared to buy a vehicle and fill it with gas for letting their kids ride around in ways that are unsafe.”
Leslie recently criticized Conservative Cabinet Minister Keith Ashfield in the House of Commons for disrespectful and sexist comments he had previously made, stating: “Leave it to the Conservatives to encourage young women to get married as part of their economic action plan..."
Health critic.
Leslie launched an initiative as the NDP's Health critic to propose a national pharmacare plan to pay for expensive prescription drugs.
She also introduced a private members bill to create a national strategy for suicide prevention, which has garnered the support of some municipal councils.
She was also noted for being "well-briefed on the controversy surrounding Assisted Human Reproduction Canada last spring, when several board members resigned amid allegations of lack of transparency over spending."
Awards and accolades.
Leslie was chosen as one of the "five best Canadian members of Parliament" by the The Mark News.
In May 2009, Leslie was chosen as "Best Rookie" by "Maclean's" in their third annual Parliamentarians of the Year awards.
In February 2010, an essay by Leslie was featured in an Americas Quarterly issue titled "Voices from the New Generation", which featured 29 young business, political, and civic leaders from across the Americas. In her essay Leslie expressed her belief in her generation's recognition of the complexity of social change, and her style of politics that recognizes the need for robust community participation as well as representation in parliament.
In December 2010, she was voted as the favourite "Up and Comer" on Parliament Hill and was picked as one of the year's top MPs by columnist David Akin.
Readers of The Coast weekly newspaper in Halifax voted her as "Best Halifax Member of Parliament" in 2009 and 2010. In 2008 she was Voted "Best Activist".
Before entering politics she received: Muriel Duckworth award for raising consciousness of women's issues and feminism in the legal community; Holly House Heroes award (Elizabeth Fry) for work in housing and homelessness; Weldon Community Commitment Award; Dalhousie Governor's Award for exceptional leadership in the University and community; MacIntosh Bursary for outstanding public service; CBA Law Day Award for encouraging and promoting access to justice.
Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender advocacy.
Leslie has called herself a queer activist.
Leslie did an undergraduate thesis on Supreme Court of Canada case law relating to gay and lesbian issues. 
She also presented an educational workshop for the Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission on gender identity, and was involved in the campaign to get sex reassignment surgery covered by Nova Scotia's provincial health care plan. She has stated that her goal in politics is to "use the law to make Canada a better place for people who are marginalized."
Leslie was the main seconder of Bill C-389, "An Act to Amend the Canadian Human Rights Act and Criminal Code (gender identity and gender expression)", known as the trans rights bill. At third reading, noting the absence of any openly trans members of Parliament, Leslie used her time to read letters from people who had contacted her office, stating, "Nothing that I can say about our trans rights bill in this House could be a replacement for hearing from the lived experiences of transgendered Canadians. I am going to use my time today to bring the voices of people, some from Halifax and others from around Canada, who contacted me about this bill".

</doc>
<doc id="19359172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359172" title="Always Has Been">
Always Has Been

Always Has Been is the first EP released by indie hip hop artist J-Live, released in 2003 on the label Triple Threat Productions. It is an EP and consists of six songs recorded early in J-Live's career, prior to the release of his first album The Best Part. It was released simultaneously as Always Will Be, another EP by J-Live, which is made up of eight new tracks.
The tracks "Braggin Writes" and "Schools In" were rerecorded for The Best Part, but here they appear in their original form. The tracks "Longevity", "Can I Get It", and "Hush the Crowd" had not been released on either of J-Live's previous albums. 

</doc>
<doc id="19359193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359193" title="Ross Eadie">
Ross Eadie

Ross Eadie born in 1960 is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Winnipeg City Council in the 2010 municipal election.
Eadie previously ran as a New Democratic Party candidate in Kildonan—St. Paul in the 2008 federal election, and in River East in the 1999 provincial election. He is not related to former Winnipeg city councillor Jae Eadie.
He is totally blind as a result of two separate accidents.

</doc>
<doc id="19359196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359196" title="One Voice (Andrew Johnston album)">
One Voice (Andrew Johnston album)

One Voice is the debut album by British boy soprano Andrew Johnston, who rose to fame in 2008 after his appearance on the second series of "Britain's Got Talent". The album was released on 29 September 2008 by Syco Music, "Britain's Got Talent" judge Simon Cowell's record label. Recorded in London, the album features both classical and popular songs, some of which had been previously performed by Johnston, including a duet with Faryl Smith. Johnston made a number of media appearances to publicise the album's launch, and appeared in his hometown of Carlisle on the day of the release, where the album sold out. Upon release, "One Voice" debuted at number five in the British album charts, finishing the week at number four. It also charted in Ireland, reaching number six. Critics responded positively to the album, favourably comparing Johnston to Aled Jones, and "One Voice" was rated gold in the UK.
Background.
Johnston first rose to fame when he tried out for the second series of reality show "Britain's Got Talent". Johnston reached the final, held on 31 May 2008, and finished in third place. Despite this, it was announced that he had been signed by judge Simon Cowell's label Syco Music in June, and that his debut album would be released in late 2008. It was on the show that Johnston first performed a rendition of "Pie Jesu", later described as "the song that made him famous", as well as a cover of Eric Clapton's "Tears in Heaven". Both of these songs were recorded for "One Voice", and so was a duet of "Walking in the Air" with fellow contestant Faryl Smith, first performed on the "Britain's Got Talent" Live Tour.
Recording and release.
The album was recorded immediately after Johnston finished the "Britain's Got Talent" live tour over a six-week period in London. The track listing, which contained both religious and popular songs, was chosen by Cowell; Johnston said "I hadn't sung many of the tracks before. But I knew them all and, anyway, I like a challenge." Johnston described recording the album as "great", and said "All I’ve ever wanted to do is go into a studio and record an album and it was everything I’ve ever dreamed of." Johnson recorded "Walking in the Air" as a duet with fellow "Britain's Got Talent" contestant Faryl Smith, and the song was tipped as a potential Christmas number-one. The recording was finished by September 2008, after which Johnston began to make appearances to publicise the release, including appearances on "GMTV", "Channel 5 News", "BBC Breakfast", "This Morning" and Radio 2's "Friday Night Is Music Night". In preparation for the album's promotion, Johnston received confidence tutoring. He said that "I've got no confidence and sometimes people get on at me for being moody so I've had some help with that." Johnston also received vocal training from Yvie Burnett, who was, at the time, coaching Leona Lewis and Leon Jackson, and with whom Smith trained during "Britain's Got Talent". The album was produced by Nigel Wright.
The release of "One Voice" was highly anticipated, and demand was so great that it charted on both Amazon's pre-sales chart and the easy listening chart before its release. The album was released on 29 September, later than first announced, and was Syco's first release in the fourth quarter. Johnston made an appearance at the city-centre Woolworths store in his home town of Carlisle to celebrate the album launch on 1 October, and spoke to reporters for the local paper "The Cumberland News", saying "I am really grateful to my local supporters and it is great to take part in my first signing here in Carlisle." In February 2009, the album was released in South Korea.
Reception and performance.
Critics responded positively to the album. Writing for the United Kingdom's "Daily Express", Robert Spellman said that "anyone missing Aled Jones since nature had its way will lap up Andrew's butter-wouldn't-melt renditions of Pie Jesu, Agnus Dei and One Voice." Kate Leaver, writing for South Korea's "JoongAng Daily", said Johnston "has truer talent than hoards of his musical elders" and that "the vulnerability of this One Voice makes for a haunting musical experience."
"One Voice" entered the UK Album Chart at number five, and finished the week at number four. It stayed in the top 75 for five weeks. Demand for the album in Johnston's local area was so great that many Carlisle stores had sold out of the album the day after its release. In an interview published in the "Daily Record", Johnston said "Thanks to everyone that has bought the album. You've made my dreams come true". The album has sold over 120,000 copies, and was rated gold in the UK. Johnston was presented a gold disk by Penny Smith, and said that "it was such a surprise to see how well the album did". The album also charted in the Irish Album Charts, entering at ten, peaking at six and spending a total of seven weeks in the top 75.

</doc>
<doc id="19359207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359207" title="Federal courts of Switzerland">
Federal courts of Switzerland

The federal judiciary of Switzerland consists of the Federal Supreme Court, the Federal Criminal Court and the Federal Administrative Court. These courts are charged with the application of Swiss federal law through the judicial process.
The Federal Supreme Court in Lausanne is established in the Swiss Federal Constitution as the supreme judicial authority of Switzerland. It is the court of appeal for all decisions of the cantonal courts of last instance, and also for most decisions of the two federal courts of first instance.
The Federal Criminal Court in Bellinzona tries the (relatively few) criminal cases subject to federal criminal jurisdiction, such as cases involving organised crime, terrorism and crimes against federal institutions. It also decides disputes between cantonal prosecuting authorities. The Federal Administrative Court in Berne reviews decisions made in application of federal administrative law that have been issued by federal and in some cases by cantonal authorities.
The Federal Patent Court of Switzerland is a specialized court, which started hearing patent cases in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19359230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359230" title="Clos du Doubs">
Clos du Doubs

Clos du Doubs () is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. It was founded at January 1, 2009 by the former municipalities of Epauvillers, Epiquerez, Montenol, Montmelon, Ocourt, Saint-Ursanne and Seleute. Soubey voted not to join the merger.
The new town took its name from the Clos du Doubs region (which also includes Soubey). The region includes the section of the Doubs valley near Saint-Ursanne, about west of Delémont. The region covers about , centered on the village of Saint-Ursanne. 
"Clos du Doubs" can also refer to a range of the Jura folds south-west of Saint-Ursanne.
Geography.
Clos du Doubs has an area of . Of this area, or 42.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 52.1% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 3.6% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.3% is either rivers or lakes and or 0.1% is unproductive land. 
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.2% and transportation infrastructure made up 2.0%. Out of the forested land, 48.7% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.4% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 5.7% is used for growing crops and 27.5% is pastures and 9.5% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
Demographics.
Clos du Doubs has a population () of . , 6.6% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (2000–2010) the population has changed at a rate of -2.7%. Migration accounted for -1.5%, while births and deaths accounted for -2%. 
Most of the population () speaks French (90.5%) as their first language, German is the second most common (6.0%) and Serbo-Croatian is the third (1.1%).
, the population was 49.6% male and 50.4% female. The population was made up of 592 Swiss men (46.4% of the population) and 41 (3.2%) non-Swiss men. There were 600 Swiss women (47.0%) and 43 (3.4%) non-Swiss women. 
, children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 23.6% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 55.1% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 21.2%.
, the construction rate of new housing units was 3.8 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 1.58%.
Historic Population.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The farm house at Chez Danville 5 in Montmelon, Montvoie Castle, the Saint-Ursanne Collegiate church, the fortifications at Saint-Ursanne, the bridge over the Doubs river, and the medieval village of Saint-Ursanne are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance. The entire village of Saint-Ursanne and the hamlet of Montenol are part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Economy.
, Clos du Doubs had an unemployment rate of 2.9%. , there were 227 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 74 businesses involved in this sector. 173 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 12 businesses in this sector. 349 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 46 businesses in this sector. 
Of the working population, 9% used public transportation to get to work, and 47.9% used a private car.
Education.
The Canton of Jura school system provides two year of non-obligatory Kindergarten, followed by six years of Primary school. This is followed by three years of obligatory lower Secondary school where the students are separated according to ability and aptitude. Following the lower Secondary students may attend a three or four year optional upper Secondary school followed by some form of Tertiary school or they may enter an apprenticeship. 
During the 2009-10 school year, there were a total of 100 students attending 7 classes in Clos du Doubs. There was one kindergarten class with a total of 16 students in the municipality. The municipality had 6 primary classes and 84 students. There are only nine Secondary schools in the canton, so all the students from Clos du Doubs attend their secondary school in another municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="19359232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359232" title="KCOL">
KCOL

KCOL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19359236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359236" title="Galatasaray Swimming">
Galatasaray Swimming

Galatasaray Swimming Team is the men's and women's swimming section of Galatasaray S.K., a major sports club in Istanbul, Turkey.
Galatasaray Swimming Team.
Galatasaray Men's Swimming Team.
Turkish Summer Swimming Championship - Senior's 
Turkish Winter Swimming Championship - Senior's 
Galatasaray Women's Swimming Team.
Turkish Summer Swimming Championship - Senior's 
Turkish Winter Swimming Championship - Senior's 

</doc>
<doc id="19359252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359252" title="Sir Henry Harpur, 6th Baronet">
Sir Henry Harpur, 6th Baronet

Sir Henry Harpur, 6th Baronet (1739 – 10 February 1789) was an English Tory politician who represented the constituency of Derbyshire.
Harpur was the son of Sir Henry Harpur, 5th Baronet and Lady Caroline Manners, daughter of John Manners, 2nd Duke of Rutland. He succeeded his father to the Baronetcy in 1748. He lived at Calke Abbey, Derbyshire and 35 Upper Grosvenor Street, London.
He was returned as Member of Parliament for Derbyshire in 1761, but was replaced in a rare contested election in 1768. He served as High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1774.
Harpur married Frances Greville, second daughter of Francis Greville, 1st Earl of Warwick and 1st Earl Brooke. in 1762. He was succeeded by his son Sir Henry Crewe, 7th Baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="19359263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359263" title="Rhynchitidae">
Rhynchitidae

The tooth-nosed snout weevils, Rhynchitidae, are small beetles (1.5 to 6.5 mm) that are usually found on low vegetation. The tooth-nosed snout weevils receive this name due to the teeth on the edges of their mandibles. 
Traditionally considered a full family within the Curculionoidea (weevils and relatives), the tooth-nosed snout weevils may actually be merely a specialized offshoot of the leaf-rolling weevils (family Attelabidae). Some authorities have thus included them therein as subfamily Rhynchitinae.
A common member of this group is the rose curculio, "Merhynchites bicolor", which feeds on roses. 
A number of species from Rhynchitidae are recorded from Britain.
The thief weevil, "Pterocolus ovatus", is the only pterocoline (subfamily Pterocolinae) known from North America. It is an obligate egg predator and nidus kleptoparasite (nest thief) of some beetles in the family Attelabidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19359271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359271" title="Francis Cornish (disambiguation)">
Francis Cornish (disambiguation)

Francis Cornish may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19359272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359272" title="Christmas with the Everly Brothers">
Christmas with the Everly Brothers

Christmas with the Everly Brothers is an album by The Everly Brothers, originally released in 1962.
This Christmas album includes the 33-member Boys Town Choir and the Boys Town organ in Omaha, Nebraska. Two songs, "Away in a Manger" and "Angels from the Realms of Glory," are sung entirely by the choir. Don Everly performs "What Child Is This?" solo and Phil "O Little Town of Bethlehem."
"Christmas with the Everly Brothers" was re-released on CD by Rhino Flashback in 2005 with a bonus track, "The First Noel".

</doc>
<doc id="19359274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359274" title="Mongolia at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Mongolia at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Mongolia made its Paralympic début at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney. The country was represented by two athletes competing in two sports, and did not win any medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19359301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359301" title="Diaries of an Internet Lover">
Diaries of an Internet Lover

Diaries of an Internet Lover is a book by TV Presenter and Journalist Dawn Porter.
Dawn places an ad on a website and the book highlights the email exchange leading up to each date. There is then an in depth tale for each of the guys (and girls) she met.
It was published by Virgin Books on 9 February 2006 and is 256 pages long. It carries the ISBN 978-0-7535-1009-4.

</doc>
<doc id="19359310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359310" title="Mongolia at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Mongolia at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Mongolia competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens. The country was represented by three athletes competing in two sports, and did not win any medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19359332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359332" title="2006 Winter Paralympics medal table">
2006 Winter Paralympics medal table

The 2006 Winter Paralympics medal table is a list of National Paralympic Committees (NPCs) ranked by the number of gold medals won by their athletes during the 2006 Winter Paralympics, held in Turin, Italy, from March 10 to March 19, 2006.
Medal table.
The ranking in this table is based on information provided by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) and is consistent with IPC convention in its published medal tables. By default, the table is ordered by the number of gold medals the athletes from a nation have won (in this context, a "nation" is an entity represented by a National Paralympic Committee). The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If nations are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically by IPC country code.
"To sort this table by nation, total medal count, or any other column, click on the icon next to the column title."

</doc>
<doc id="19359357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359357" title="Peter Hopkinson">
Peter Hopkinson

Peter Richard Gunton Hopkinson (1920–2007) was a British film-maker and director. A Second World War combat cameraman, and documentary director, reporter and writer, he also worked at Denham Studios in the heyday of British cinema. He was a member of The United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration (UNRRA).
Peter Hopkinson died on 28 June 2007, aged 87. He is survived by his wife, Margaret, and two stepsons.
Early life.
Born in Ealing in 1920, Hopkinson went straight from Lower School at Harrow to the film studies to work as a clapper boy at age 16. He had been fascinated by film-making ever since he got a silent 35mm projector at an early age. He got a job as clapper boy on George Formby comedies. On leaving Ealing, Hopkinson worked as a camera assistant at Alexander Korda’s Denham Studios, built on a site near the village of Denham, Buckinghamshire.
Career.
He worked with the American director King Vidor on The Citadel (1938), based on the novel by A.J. Cronin, and appeared briefly in The Thief of Bagdad (released 1940) before being called up for service in 1939. He joined the Army Film Unit under David MacDonald. When Hitler invaded Russia, Hopkinson volunteered for service overseas and was accepted, but in December 1941, aged 21, he heard of his selection as a cameraman and was sent to Persia to make a film about getting supplies through to Russia. 
In Baghdad, the then prime minister Rashid Ali had allied Iraq with Germany, and the city had been invaded by the British. However, Hopkinson’s first film reached London safely and was edited by Roy Boulting. It was shown throughout the world as Via Persia (1942). He was finally sent to Greece in 1944 to record the British advance. He attached himself to a commando unit that fought the Wehrmacht to an airfield at Megara, where the Germans made a stand. "Advancing down on our little handful was the rearguard of nothing less than the entire German Army Group in the Balkans," he later wrote. At the battle, Hopkinson drove a Jeep around to help recover the men and munitions who had been paratrooped into the combat. He was injured in a Jeep and resolved never to drive again. 
At the end of the war, Hopkinson was sent by the UN Relief and Rehabilitation Association to the Soviet provinces of Belorussia and Ukraine, where he filmed the plight of orphaned children.
Hopkinson won an award from the Overseas Press Club for "Best Reporting from Abroad on Foreign Affairs" for his film To Open the World to the Nations: Suez (1955) made as the old order was in retreat and Nasser had taken over as Prime Minister.
In 1955, he joined NBC's Project 20 which planned a programme on Austria as the Allied occupying forces were departing. Hopkinson, as director/cameraman, wove his documentary around the re-opening of Vienna's Opera House with Beethoven's Fidelio.
Hopkinson joined World Wide Pictures and among the films he directed was Band Wagon, which won the Premier Award at the British Industrial Film Festival 1959.
He continued working long past retirement age, making his last documentary for Whickers War, broadcast in 2004
Books.
Split Focus.
"Split Focus; an Involvement in Two Decades" is an introduction to documentary and a first installment of autobiography, describing the history of documentary television from its origins as cinema newsreel.
Published by Hart-Davis, 1969.
The Role of Film in Development.
Published by UNESCO 1971.
Screen of Change (autobiography/memoir).
Published by UKA Press 2007
"Screen of Change" is a memoir and historical study from film-maker Peter Hopkinson. The BUFVC has published chapter two ‘Film and Politics’, with the generous permission of the author. [http://www.bufvc.ac.uk/databases/newsreels/learnmore/texts.html]
References.
Screen of Change review British Film Institute Sight and Sound [http://www.bfi.org.uk/sightandsound January 2009
[http://www.bufvc.ac.uk/databases/newsreels/learnmore/texts.html] SCREEN OF CHANGE, Chapter 2 'Film and Politics', published by BUFVC (British Universities Film and Video Council), with kind permission of the author.
[http://ukapress.com/modules.php?name=Content&pa=showpage&pid=102] Article by Kevin Brownlow, UKA Press October 2007
[http://www.ukapress.com/modules.php?name=Content&pa=showpage&pid=103] Screen of Change review by Kevin Brownlow, UKA Press October 2007
[http://www.citwf.com/person497905.htm] Filmography, Film database (The Complete Index To World Film since 1895)
[http://www.channel4.com/history/microsites/B/battle_for_italy] Whickers War - The Battle for Italy, broadcast 4 August 2004, Channel 4 .

</doc>
<doc id="19359372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359372" title="Donja Trešnjica">
Donja Trešnjica

Donja Trešnjica () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Mali Zvornik municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The population of the village is 688 (2002 census) with 682 people comprising the Serb ethnic majority.

</doc>
<doc id="19359414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359414" title="MLB Stickball">
MLB Stickball

MLB Stickball is an MLB-licensed stickball video game published by 2K Sports for the Xbox 360 via Xbox Live Arcade. It was released on October 8, 2008.
Gameplay.
In the game, players buy and collect packs of Topps “Big Head” Major League Baseball cards, which unlock players respectively. Each team has four different unlockable players, usually the bigger names. In the "Tour" mode, which has the player going around to different cities to play different teams, the player starts with one major league baseball player if the player is a first time user. Usually it is a player that easily represents the team, such as Prince Fielder for the Brewers or David Ortiz for the Red Sox. The Tour gets progressively harder as the player continues. Gameplay recreates the atmosphere of street stickball based in various cities such as Brooklyn, San Francisco and Boston.
The game makes use of the environment, as objects on the field represent benefits and hazards. For instance, striking a fire hydrant with a batted ball will cause it to spray water onto the street for a bonus. Breaking a window turns a potential extra base hit into an out. Certain special items that are identified in the achievements are worth even extra, such as hitting the "wheel" or "basketball hoop". Hitting these are worth 20 gamer points, and require a good amount of luck rather than certain skill. These extra points can also be obtained by hitting cars, scooters, and cows (on the bounce). Later these points can be used to purchase more Topp's cards. A pack of three random cards costs 50 points.
Before each game the player can choose which four players he would like on his team. These players have to be a real part of the team. If the player has not unlocked all the characters on the team they have selected, they can use anonymous characters, skilled in specific areas.
When pitching the player can choose one of four pitches based on the four color buttons on the controller. These choices are a lob pitch, a fastball, a curveball, or a bouncing pitch. Each seems to have their own uses and are best when mixed and matched. After choosing a pitch and location a meter appears in which the player must hold the button down for a certain amount of time in order to help guarantee the perfection of the pitch. The higher "green" (towards the top) of the meter that the player gets, the more likely his pitch will do as he desired. Power pitchers and accuracy based pitchers are more likely to have the ball go in the spot that they desire, but players like the power hitters can strike the computer out in the lower levels of tour mode as long as they use the meter well. This is exceptionally important because there are few ways to get an out in the game, and the most helpful to the player is a strikeout due to the five points received for its completion.
When batting a player can only hit a ball that is located in the strike zone. The player can move his player back and forth in the batter's box if so desired. Simply press "A" with good timing to hit the pitch. If the player presses "B" instead the batter is more likely to hit a home run, but also more likely to pop out. The characters baserun themselves and take only the minimum amount of bases - for example if there is a man on first and the character hits a double, the man on first would have advanced to third. Home Runs are worth extra points, and a grand slam unlocks an achievement.
Before pitching the player also has the choice of moving his fielding players around with the use of the right bumper. Many times he or she can choose such things as left, right, deep, shallow, or normal. A lot of times this will be based on the stats shown in the bottom right of the opposing hitter - a hitter that is a pitcher will most likely have bad hitting stats - allowing the opponent to play shallow and get the out from the groundout more readily. 
The player plays six innings per game in tour mode, though in exhibition the player can choose either 3, 6, or 9 inning games. If the player is winning going into the bottom of the 6th, or the bottom of the last inning, the last half of the inning is not played, similar to Major League Baseball. If a team wins, its characters celebrate around home plate - if they lose, they look discouraged around the pitcher's area. After a game the player is presented stats of the characters he used, including strikeouts, RBIs, hits, and ERA. 
Achievements.
After playing for the first time the player can look at the achievements at any point during gameplay simply by pressing start during a game or on the main title screen of the game. Some of the achievements require skill such as hitting for the cycle, while others require a certain amount of luck, such as hitting the basketball hoop. There are 12 possible achievements worth a total of 200 possible points.
Card collecting.
Collecting points gives the player the opportunity to purchase a pack of cards for 50 points. These are three random cards out of a total of 120. Getting all 120 unlocks an achievement for the player. If a player ever gets three cards of the same player he/she can trade them in for any card that he or she desires. If a player ever gets five cards of the same player he or she can upgrade it to a gold card, slightly boosting the player's stats. It is possible to get four different players per team, and they are usually the most famous, or the most representative of the team, such as Derek Jeter, Albert Pujols, Ichiro or Josh Hamilton. Getting all four cards of a team also unlocks an achievement for the player.
Reception.
IGN gave the game a 3.0, rating it as "bad", and criticising the game's simplicity, control system and poorly-conceived multiplayer mode.

</doc>
<doc id="19359427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359427" title="2007–08 Football League Championship">
2007–08 Football League Championship

The Football League 2007–08 (called Coca-Cola Football League for sponsorship reasons), was the sixteenth season under its current league division format and its fourth with its current sponsorship. The leagues started in August 2007 and concluded in May 2008, with the promotion play-off finals.
The Football League is contested through three Divisions. The top divisions of these is the League Championship. The winner and the runner up of the League Championship will be automatically promoted to the Premiership and they will be joined by the winner of the League Championship playoff. The bottom three teams in the Championship will be relegated to the second division, League One.
West Bromwich Albion finished top of the league with 81 points, closely followed by Stoke City who had 79 points. Hull City were promoted through the play-offs. Colchester and Scunthorpe United were both relegated several weeks before the end of the season. However, in a very tight league, with a gap of only 29 points between top and 22nd place, the final team to be relegated, Leicester City, went down on the final day while six other teams were within three points of them.
Changes from last season.
From Championship.
Promoted to Premier League
Relegated to League One
To Championship.
Relegated from Premier League
Promoted from League One
Playoffs.
The Football League Championship Playoffs took place at the end of May 2008. They involved the teams that finished third to sixth in the table. Hull (3rd) and Bristol City (4th) qualified from their semi-finals against Watford (6th) and Crystal Palace (5th) respectively over two legs. Hull City won the final with a single Dean Windass goal to win promotion to the Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="19359429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359429" title="Joe Smith (footballer born 1890)">
Joe Smith (footballer born 1890)

Joseph "Joe" Smith (17 April 1890 – 9 June 1956) was an English professional footballer who played as a right back. He played nearly 500 games in the Football League for West Bromwich Albion and Birmingham, most of which were in the First Division, and won two caps for England.
Playing career.
Smith was born in Darby End, Netherton, which at that time was in Worcestershire. He played local football before turning professional with West Bromwich Albion in May 1910, and made his debut four months later in a Division Two match against Bolton Wanderers. He was part of the Albion team that won promotion from the Second Division in the 1910–11 season. During the First World War he made guest appearances for Everton and Notts County. When competitive football resumed after the war, he was selected for England for the first time, in a 1–1 draw with Ireland in October 1919; he made one further appearance for England in 1922. Smith contributed to West Bromwich Albion winning the First Division in the 1919–20 season, and went on to play 434 league matches for the club.
In 1926, by which time he was 36 years old, Smith joined Birmingham, to provide cover at full-back for Frank Womack and Jack Jones. He stayed with the club for three seasons, playing 50 games, including 48 in the First Division.
He then joined Worcester City as player-manager, leading them to the Birmingham & District League title in his first season, then two years later finishing as runners-up, losing the title only on goal average, after which he retired from the game.
After football.
He went on to keep a pub, and later worked at Lloyds Proving House in Netherton, where chain was tested for quality. He died in hospital in Wolverhampton in 1956 at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="19359462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359462" title="Čitluk, Mali Zvornik">
Čitluk, Mali Zvornik

"For other uses, see Čitluk (disambiguation)"
Čitluk () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Mali Zvornik municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The population of the village is 238 (2002 census), all of which are Serbs.

</doc>
<doc id="19359469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359469" title="Raymond Stone">
Raymond Stone

Raymond Stone was a United States Navy officer and Governor of Guam from January 28, 1904 to May 16, 1904. He served in multiple posts in the Navy, including aboard the USS "Kearsarge". He was stationed in Guam in the early 1900s, where he became aide to the governor. When William Elbridge Sewell was transported back to California with an intestinal disease, Stone became acting governor. He issued a series of orders limiting drug sale on the island and forcing vendors to lower prices on food and other essential items. After George Leland Dyer became governor, Stone became a judge on the Supreme Court of Guam before returning to the mainland. He would later serve as a liaison to the United States Army, where he oversaw the transfer of Naval prisoners of war from World War I to Army control.
Life and naval career.
Stone was married, and had one son and daughter, Raymond and Esther. His mother and brother both lived in Point Clear, Alabama. Starting June 20, 1900, Stone served aboard the USS "Kearsarge". He was stationed in Guam, where he acted as acting Governor; after George Leland Dyer was given the position, Stone remained to serve as judge of the Supreme Court of Guam. As a Commander, Stone was designated a naval representative to mediate the transfer of World War I prisoners of war captured by the Navy to the authority of the United States Army, taking over the position from Lieutenant Commander Adolphus Staton.
Governorship.
Stone served as acting Governor of Guam from January 28, 1904 to May 16, 1904, following William Elbridge Sewell's return to California for intestinal disease treatment. He was fairly young during his term, and held the rank of Lieutenant. He regarded the native Chamorro population as lacking "ambition or the desire for change or progress." His administration sought to evolve the native economy past a personal agrarian society, and specifically wanted to utilize them for labor in military work projects. Noting the exorbitant prices that merchants were charging Guamanians for food and other necessities, Stone issued an order limiting the maximum price of most foodstuffs. He also issued orders in an attempt to regulate the Guam drug trade.

</doc>
<doc id="19359472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359472" title="Marius Maziers">
Marius Maziers

Marius-Félix-Antoine Maziers (March 1, 1915 – August 14, 2008) was French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
Maziers was born in Siran, France and was ordained a priest on October 9, 1938 in the Roman Catholic faith. He was appointed auxiliary bishop of Archdiocese of Lyon on December 17, 1959, along with Titular Bishop of Augustopolis in Phrygia, and ordained a bishop on February 25, 1960. He was appointed the Coadjutor Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bordeaux and Titular Bishop of Zica. Maziers was appointed bishop of the Archdiocese of Bordeaux on February 6, 1968 until his retirement from archdiocese on May 31, 1989.
Maziers died on August 14, 2008 at age of 93.

</doc>
<doc id="19359492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359492" title="HD 126200">
HD 126200

HD 126200 is a variable star, eclipsing binary of Algol type in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19359506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359506" title="Vitaxin">
Vitaxin

Vitaxin is a humanized monoclonal antibody against the vascular integrin alpha-v beta-3. It is shown to be a promising angiogenesis inhibitor used in the treatment of some forms of cancer. At this time Vitaxin is in Phase II trial which is where the dose has already been proven safe in Phase I, and has been ramped up to test therapeutic levels in human participants. It is currently in clinical trials as a treatment for colorectal cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19359529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359529" title="The Everly Brothers Sing Great Country Hits">
The Everly Brothers Sing Great Country Hits

The Everly Brothers Sing Great Country Hits is an album by The Everly Brothers, originally released in 1963. It was re-released on CD in 2005 on the Collectors' Choice Music label.
Reception.
Allmusic stated in their review: "The singing is some of the most beautiful in the Everlys' output, and the arrangements are models of creative simplicity — and for fans of the duo, it's almost as essential a record as "Roots"."

</doc>
<doc id="19359532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359532" title="Khow suey">
Khow suey

In Burmese cuisine, Khow suey, from Burmese , is a noodle dish that comes from the mountainous Shan State. It is a one-dish soup meal made of egg noodles and curried beef or chicken with coconut milk, served with a variety of contrasting condiments. The dish is similar to the Burmese noodle dish "ohn no khauk swe," literally "coconut milk noodles."
History.
The dish originated in Burma, and came to East India with Indians who migrated from Burma during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19359553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359553" title="Gilligan's Island (disambiguation)">
Gilligan's Island (disambiguation)

"Gilligan's Island" is an enduringly popular 1960s American television comedy. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19359572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359572" title="D.I.R.T.">
D.I.R.T.

"D.I.R.T. (Da Incredible Rap Team)" is the third album by the hip hop group Heltah Skeltah, made up of Sean Price (formerly known as Ruck) and Rock. It is their first album since 1998, when they released "Magnum Force", which did not receive anywhere near as much critical acclaim and underground success as their 1996 record "Nocturnal". Confirmed producers include Khrysis and Marco Polo. "Everything is Heltah Skeltah" is the first single off the album. The entire album leaked on the internet on September 24.

</doc>
<doc id="19359575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359575" title="Jonathan Pease">
Jonathan Pease

Jonathan Edward Pease (born June 8, 1952 in Northumberland, England) is a member of the area's prominent Pease family and a Thoroughbred racehorse trainer.
The son of Derrick Allix Pease and the Hon. Rosemary Portman, his grandfather was Sir Richard Arthur Pease, 2nd Baronet of the Pease Baronets, of Hammersknott. After studying at Eton College and Cambridge University, Jonathan Pease began learning the business of conditioning Thoroughbreds for racing in England under the tutelage of Toby Balding and Clive Brittain. He relocated to the United States where he worked for U.S. Racing Hall of Fame trainer, MacKenzie Miller and in Australia learned under legendary trainer and Australian Racing Hall of Fame inductee, T. J. Smith. In 1976 he went to work for French trainer, Francois Mathet and in 1979 took up permanent residence in France where he obtained his trainers license and set up a public stable at the renowned training facility at Chantilly Racecourse.
Among his clients, Pease has conditioned horses in France for British stable owner Gerald W. Leigh and the Niarchos family. In 2004 he won France's most prestigious race, the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. As well, he has trained for American stable owners Nelson Bunker Hunt, the racing partnership of Bruce McNall and hockey superstar Wayne Gretzky, plus George W. Strawbridge, Jr.. Through these international clients, Pease raced horses in both European and U.S. events notably winning two Breeders' Cup races.
Jonathan Pease married Mary Dutton with whom he has daughters Catherine Annie (b. 1982), Victoria Margaret (b. 1983), and Alice Rosie (b. 1991).

</doc>
<doc id="19359595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359595" title="Le cose da difendere">
Le cose da difendere

Le cose da difendere is the seventh studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Nek. It was released in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19359606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359606" title="List of Ranma ½ episodes (season 7)">
List of Ranma ½ episodes (season 7)

This article lists the episodes and short summaries of the final 25 episodes (the 119th to the 143rd episodes) of the anime series, known in the English dub as the fifth season of "Ranma ½" or "Ranma Forever".
Rumiko Takahashi's manga series "Ranma ½" was adapted into two anime series: "Ranma ½" which ran on Fuji TV for 18 episodes and "Ranma ½ Nettōhen" which ran for 143. The first TV series was canceled due to low ratings in September 1989, but was then brought back in December as the much more popular and much longer-running "Ranma ½ Nettōhen".
Viz Media licensed both anime for English dubs and labeled them as one. They released them in North America in seven DVD collections they call "seasons". "Nettōhen" episodes 119 to 143 are season 7, which was given the title "Ranma Forever".
The opening and closing theme songs are by the band Vision and by Piyo Piyo.
Episode list.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19359613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359613" title="Football in Mali">
Football in Mali

In the West African nation of Mali, Football is played widely and followed avidly. Large professional clubs and international competition draw much popular attention, and the sport is played as a pastime.
Popularity.
The most popular sport in Mali is football (soccer), which rose to the level of national obsession when Mali was chosen to host the 2002 African Cup of Nations. Most towns have professional or semi-professional men's clubs which play in one national (professional) league and two regional (semi professional) leagues. While a majority of clubs are based in Bamako, the most popular teams nationally are Djoliba AC, Stade Malien, and Real Bamako, all based in the capitol. 
People play football widely, with formal fields in almost every town of any size, and pickup games among children common in a country with few luxuries. Informal games are often played by youths using a bundle of rags as a ball.
Professional game.
Men's soccer has so far outpaced the women's game -- or any other sport -- as the focus of public attention as a spectator sport. 
History.
The French introduced the game to what was then French Soudan in the early 20th century, and the first organised leagues open to Africans appeared in the 1930s. "Jeanne d'Arc du Soudan", founded in 1938 by two French-Africans and the missionary Révérend Père Bouvier, borrowed its name from the Senegalese club Jeanne d'Arc Dakar, and was originally a club of mixed race Bamako Metis playing against white colonials. A handful of African clubs developed after the Second World War, competing locally and against teams from around French West Africa, dominated by the clubs of Senegal. Foyer du Soudan (later Djoliba AC) and JA du Soudan competed in the French West African Cup from the late 40s until 1959, as well as local leagues ("Bamako League") and the "coupe du Soudan" (1947-1959). 
Domestic league.
At independence, the new government reorganised the sport leagues, combining a number of the larger teams with nearby clubs. Most notably, two Bamako clubs fused into teams which still dominate national sport, to become Djoliba Athletic Club and Stade Malien de Bamako in 1960. In the first Coupe du Mali, Stade and Djoliba reached the two match final in 1961. Tied 3-3 after the first match, Stade carried the cup 2-1 in the second.
Stade were also the first Malian club to reach the final of the African Cup of Champions Clubs in 1964/5, losing 2-1 to Oryx Douala. 
The great Salif Keita brought AS Real Bamako dominance in his time there (1963-1967). He later moved on to France, becoming the first Malian star player in Europe while at AS Saint-Étienne and Olympique de Marseille. At Saint-Étienne, Keita won the African Footballer of the Year in 1970, the first Malian to win the award, and later played in Spain, Portugal, and the United States.
New clubs have appeared, but the three big Bamako clubs have maintained a strangle on Malian football. Every top division league title since 1966 has been won by one of these Stade, Djoliba, or Real, and all but five times since 1961 have these clubs won the Coupe du Mali.
Overseas players.
In a path blazed by Keita, the country has produced several other notable players for French teams, including Jean Tigana, and Frédéric "Fredi" Kanouté, named 2007 African Footballer of the Year, but the latter elected to play for Mali instead. Kanouté, the biggest Malian star at the moment, currently plays for Sevilla FC in Spain's La Liga. Mahamadou Diarra, the captain of the Mali national team, played for Real Madrid for four seasons before moving to AS Monaco and Seydou Keita plays for FC Barcelona. Other notable players currently on European squads include, Mohamed Sissoko (Paris Saint-Germain), Sammy Traore (Paris Saint-Germain), Adama Coulibaly (AJ Auxerre), Kalifa Cissé (Bristol City), and Dramane Traoré (Lokomotiv Moscow).

</doc>
<doc id="19359617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359617" title="Fashion Park Clothes">
Fashion Park Clothes

Fashion Park Clothes was a Rochester, New York-based manufacturer of men's tailored suits and apparel. They operated from the 1910s into the 1960s. In 1928, another Rochester-based clothing manufacturer, Stein-Bloch & Co., merged with Fashion Park. 
In the Washington, D.C. market, from 1919 to 1925, Fashion Park products were retailed by "The Young Men's Shop," 1319-1321 F Street, NW, and from 1926 to 1956, by "The Mode," located at 11th and F Streets, NW, and 3331 Connecticut Ave, NW.

</doc>
<doc id="19359649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359649" title="South Carolina Court of Appeals">
South Carolina Court of Appeals

The South Carolina Court of Appeals is the intermediate-level appellate court for the state of South Carolina.
Jurisdiction.
The Court of Appeals hears most appeals from the Circuit Courts and Family Courts of South Carolina that do not fall within the seven classes of cases over which the South Carolina Supreme Court exercises exclusive jurisdiction. Those seven classes are cases involving
History.
Pre-Civil War.
The modern incarnation of the court began operations in 1983, but had historical antecedents dating back to colonial times. In 1721, the General Court of the colonial government was given appellate jurisdiction over civil case decisions from the lower courts of the colony, but there were no separate appellate courts. The original South Carolina Constitution of 1790 made provisions for trial court judges to meet at the end of a term to decide on such matters as motions for new trials and other related matters. This practice was formalized by statute in 1799, when the South Carolina General Assembly created an appellate body of state circuit judges known as the "Constitutional Court", and provided for the writ of error to be used.
The General Assembly created a Court of Equity in 1808, but this also proved to be unsatisfactory to the administration of justice, primarily because in many cases, the trial judge also sat on the appellate body. The General Assembly responded by creating the first Court of Appeals in 1824, which consisted of three judges and had appellate jurisdiction in cases of law and equity. The Court was not an intermediate appellate body as the modern Court is, but a court of last resort that functioned similarly to the Constitutional Court.
Unfortunately, this Court of Appeals would become a casualty of the Nullification Crisis. The pro-nullification General Assembly, in its zeal to nullify the Tariff of 1828 and support of state supremacy, passed legislation mandating that officers in the State Militia recite a "test oath" swearing allegiance to South Carolina rather than the federal government. One state militia officer, M'Cready, refused to recite the oath, and was thus denied his commission. M'Cready petitioned the state trial court for a writ of mandamus compelling the commander to grant him his commission. After the trial court denied his petition, M'Cready sought appellate review before the Court of Appeals. The case of "M'Cready v. Hunt" came before the Court of Appeals in 1834, and the Court reversed the lower court's opinion by a vote of 2 to 1, declaring the oath unconstitutional.
The General Assembly was outraged by the Court of Appeals' decision in "M'Cready v. Hunt", and responded by abolishing the Court in the 1835 Legislative session. The Court was replaced the following year, when the General Assembly passed an act providing for separate Courts of Appeals for cases in law and equity. The Act also provided that all the law judges and equity judges would sit en banc as a Court of Errors to hear appeals of constitutional questions, when the court was divided, or when any two judges certified the case. These new Courts of Appeals suffered the same defects that the previous appellate bodies did: in both law and equity cases, the appellant was disadvantaged by the fact that the trial judge also sat on the appellate body.
The Court of Appeals was reestablished in 1859, again with three judges (this time, one chief judge and two associate judges). The procedure was a bit more complex this time around: the Court of Appeals could issue final judgments in both law and equity, but in cases where a constitutional question or conflict of laws issue was presented, the judges of the courts of law and equity would convene along with the Court of Appeals in a Court of Errors. The Court of Errors' decisions were final and unappealable.
After the defeat of the Confederacy in the American Civil War, South Carolina called a new Constitutional Convention. The South Carolina Constitution of 1868 provided for Supreme Court, circuit courts, "and such inferior courts as the Legislature should provide", but did not create any intermediate appellate courts.
Modern times.
The Court of Appeals was revived by the General Assembly in 1979, to relieve the growing backlog of appellate cases in the state's judicial system. The Court was to consist of a Chief Judge and four associate judges, and have appellate jurisdiction over only criminal and family court cases. This new Court was intended to begin operations in 1980, but this was delayed by a number of constitutional disputes which forced the General Assembly to rewrite the act authorizing the Court, and delaying its opening until 1983. Finally, in the November of 1984, voters approved a constitutional amendment making the South Carolina Court of Appeals a constitutional court. This voter referendum was ratified by the General Assembly on January 17, 1985.
At first, the new court functioned only to divert certain cases from the Supreme Court, but in 1992, procedures were changed so that the Court of Appeals became an intermediate court of review, and appeals to the Supreme Court were mostly discretionary.

</doc>
<doc id="19359652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359652" title="Red Feather Lakes Community Library">
Red Feather Lakes Community Library

The Red Feather Lakes Community Library is the main and only branch of the Red Feather Mountain Library District. The District includes Red Feather Lakes, Crystal Lakes, Glacier View Meadows, Green Mountain Meadows, Hewlett Gulch, Deer Meadows, Boy Scout Road, and the Upper Poudre Canyon. The Library welcomes residents and visitors and participates in the Colorado Library Collaborate program. Guests and visitors to the area may obtain a Visitor Library Card. Property Owners and area residents may obtain a general library card. 
History.
The Red Feather Lakes Community Library was established in 1969 by the local women's group with $240 from the Larimer County Commissioners and 250 donated books on shelves from an abandoned store. The original library was located in the basement level of the Red Feather Lakes Property Owner's Association Building. The current location and building was built in 1987 with community donations of land, labor, money and support.
The Red Feather Mountain Library District was approved by voters with a 2.5 mill levy in the Election of November 2000 with funds arriving in January 2001 and is currently one of the smallest library districts in the state of Colorado, covering just . 
The Red Feather Mountain Library District was created based on the 3 existing volunteer fire department districts including Red Feather Lakes, Crystal Lakes, and Glacier View Meadows. 
A new addition dedicated in August 2005 includes a children's area, community meeting room and art gallery. The expansion nearly doubled the building size to . 
The Library offers many services including a local history section, free high speed Internet access, WiFi, copier, FAX service, audio books, videos and a toy lending library for children. The Library also offers and hosts many programs and events for children, teens and adults. 

</doc>
<doc id="19359666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359666" title="Royal Southern Yacht Club">
Royal Southern Yacht Club

The Royal Southern Yacht Club is a yacht club in Hamble, Hampshire, England.
History.
It was established in 1837 in Southampton as the Royal Southampton Yacht Club and was given Royal patronage by HRH Queen Victoria.
The original Club House, which still stands opposite Southampton's Royal Pier, was built in 1846. The Club retains to this day a highly prized association with royalty, hence the designation "Royal".
The Club’s archives record the annual regattas, the parlous state of its finances through most of the nineteenth century, and the issues of the time. In 1844 the club wanted to organize a large regatta, but having no funds in hand, it decided to increase the entrance fee and the remit of the club. This involved altering its name to "Royal Southern Yacht Club", its present denomination.
In mid-twentieth century, as Southampton Docks expanded commercially, and its waters became less attractive for yachting. Finally the club moved to Hamble, south-east of Southampton, in 1947, where it remains today.
In 2012 the club celebrates its 175th Anniversary. Events included the Patron's Dinner hosted by the Duke of Edinburgh at Buckingham Palace in February 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19359693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359693" title="KMOR">
KMOR

KMOR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19359715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359715" title="Always Will Be">
Always Will Be

Always Will Be is the second EP released by indie hip hop artist J-Live, released in 2003 on the label Triple Threat Productions. It is an EP consisting of eight new tracks. It was released simultaneously as Always Has Been, another EP by J-Live, which is made up of six tracks from early in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="19359724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359724" title="Prawat Wahoram">
Prawat Wahoram

Prawat Wahoram is a Thai athlete and multiple Paralympic gold medallist. He competing mainly in category T54 wheelchair racing events.
Biography.
Prawat competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics at various distances, the 800m, 1500m, 5000m and 10000m where he won a silver medal but it was as part of the successful Thai relay teams that he won his 2 gold medals in the 4x100m and 4x400m relays.
Competing in wheelchair athletics, Wahoram has represented Thailand at the Paralympic Games on three occasions. He won his first medals, two gold, at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, winning the 5000 m and 10000 m races in the T54 category. At the 2004 Games, he won an individual silver in the 10000 m race, as well as two gold medals in team events. At the 2008 Summer Paralympics, he won a gold (in the 5000 m), three silver and a bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="19359733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359733" title="Vilniaus lietuvių namai">
Vilniaus lietuvių namai

Vilniaus lietuvių namai is a Lithuanian gymnasium, located in Naujininkai, a southern neighborhood of Vilnius, Lithuania.
History.
On April 24, 1990, Lithuania's Minister of Education and Culture Darius Kuolys signed an order to establish a Lithuanian school for children of Lithuanian heritage who have returned from foreign countries. The first lessons were held on October 1, 1990. The majority of students come from Russia, Kaliningrad Oblast and Poland, while there are also students from the United States, Kazachstan and various other countries. A substantial portion of the students are the ancestors of Lithuanians who were exiled to Siberia after the 1940 Soviet Invasion of Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="19359750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19359750" title="Spectrum Press">
Spectrum Press

Spectrum Press, of Chicago, was an early electronic publishing house. Dan Agin was the editor/publisher. Beginning in the early 1990s, Spectrum published new and classic works on 3.5 inch floppy disks, shrink-wrapped in red paper packaging. They later moved to inserting floppy disks into CD cases for shipment.
Spectrum Press was a pioneering company of their day, one of the first publishers to offer works in electronic format, but did not survive society's move to the World Wide Web or to modern e-book publication. The company still existed as of 2001, but had ceased active publications.
House specialties of Spectrum included erotica and gay/lesbian fiction. They published several "imprints":
Contemporary Fiction, Poetry, and Criticism
Artemis Books (lesbian fiction)
Sheridan Square Library (gay fiction)
Spectrum Classics
Nonfiction and Reference
Most of their business was done by mail order. Before the world wide web existed, they sent electronic catalogs to individuals and various online mail lists. (Some of these catalogs are still available in various web mail archives.)
The company described themselves in their catalog of February 1994:
Spectrum Press is an e-text publishing house committed
to quality fiction, poetry, and nonfiction, classics of consequence,
outrageous literary entertainments, and all strong voices against
political and social injustice. We publish complete electronic texts
on floppy disks for both PC and Mac.
In 1996, the editor's signature tag reported
"Over 300 Etexts Delivered by Email; From Aristotelian Logic to Underground Erotica".
In their active years, they published several hundred new works by some 50 authors. A number of works originally published by Spectrum were later picked up by traditional (paper) publishers.

</doc>
