<doc id="19113606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113606" title="1970 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles">
1970 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles

Željko Franulović defeated Manuel Orantes 6–4, 6–2, 6–0 to win the 1970 ATP Buenos Aires singles competition. François Jauffret was the champion but did not defend his title.

</doc>
<doc id="19113623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113623" title="The Most of Lulu">
The Most of Lulu

The Most of Lulu is a compilation album by British pop singer Lulu, released in 1971. It was the first of Lulu's albums to chart in the UK, reaching No.15. It was released on the MfP budget record label, which the following year followed this up with "The Most of Lulu Volume 2" - a re-release of 1969's "Lulu's Album" with one extra track. This compilation featured Lulu's hits from the late 1960s which had been released on the EMI label, therefore missing out her most well-known song "Shout". 
The collection was reissued on CD by EMI in 2002 with "Lulu's Album".
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="19113642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113642" title="Copley baronets">
Copley baronets

The Copley baronetcy was first created for Godfrey Copley in 1661. He was High Sheriff of Yorkshire for 1676–77.
His son Sir Godfrey Copley, 2nd Baronet, High Sheriff for 1677 and whose bequest to the Royal Society financed the Copley Medal, left no male heir and the first creation of the baronetcy thereby became extinct. His daughter Catherine married Joseph Moyle, the second son of Sir Walter Moyle of Beke, Cornwall. Their son Joseph Moyle, who was Clerk of the Signet, changed his surname to Copley by Act of Parliament on inheriting the Sprotbrough estate in 1766 and was created a baronet in 1778.

</doc>
<doc id="19113660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113660" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 200 metres">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 200 metres

These are the official results of the Men's 200 metres event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 72 participating athletes, with ten qualifying heats, four quarter-finals, two semi-finals and the final held on Friday 27 August 1999 at 20:00h.
Final.
Frank Fredericks was forced to scratch from the final after he injured his hamstring while warming up.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Quarter-finals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Heats.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19113663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113663" title="Hansapur">
Hansapur

Hansapur may refer to several places in Nepal:

</doc>
<doc id="19113681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113681" title="Hvide Sande">
Hvide Sande

Hvide Sande is a small town on the northern tip of the Holmsland Dunes, in the western part of Central Denmark Region, formerly (until 1 January 2007) Ringkjøbing County, Denmark.
The town has a population of 3,077 (1 January 2013) and is the fifth largest fishing port in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19113696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113696" title="Indian Boxing Federation">
Indian Boxing Federation

Indian Boxing Federation () is the Indian national governing body for Olympic boxing and is the India's member organization of the International Amateur Boxing Association (AIBA). It is headquartered in New Delhi. This is currently suspended by the International Amateur Boxing Association. 
History.
In 1925, the first governing body for boxing in India, Bombay Presidency Amateur Boxing Federation was formed in Mumbai. Mostly due to the efforts of H.V.Pointon, the President of the Bombay Presidency Amateur Boxing Federation (1944–48), Indian Amateur Boxing Federation was founded on February 25, 1949. Major F.G.Baker became the first secretary at the inaugural meeting at the Governor's Pavilion of the Cricket Club of India in Mumbai. Bombay (Mumbai) became the headquarters of the body. The first National Championships were held at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai in March 1950.
Overview.
The IBF comprises about 6000 registered Indian boxers and it maintains records of their personal and professional details which includes their achievements, medals won and championships participated. Registration to the IBF and possessing an identity card is mandatory for each boxer for participating in any championship organized by it. 
The Indian Boxing Federation records are fully digitized. Its website is updated on daily basis. Facility for online display of the live score of each championship conducted by it is available in its website, which is also availed by all of its affiliated state federations, boards and units. Its website also provides information about the affiliated state federations, all registered male and female boxers and officials, coaches and its training centers.
On November 2011 Indian Boxing Federation offered Arash Hashemi of Las Vegas, an Iranian descent and a former member of 1996 United States of America Boxing Federation to coach the Olympic team, Hashemi rejected the tempting offer saying, "I am an Iranian/American and love my country and people. Hashemi feared they might face Iranian or an American opponents in major tournaments.
Gurbaksh Singh Sandhu, national coach for about two decades has decided to hang his boots after the London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19113713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113713" title="Yoohanon Mar Chrysostom">
Yoohanon Mar Chrysostom

Yoohanon Mar Chrysostom (born 19 May 1944) is the Metropolitan Bishop of the Eparchy of Pathanamthitta of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church. He was the third son of Abraham and Achiyamma of the Kalloor family at Kadammanitta, in Pathanamthitta District. 
Education.
He completed his secondary education at Government High School, Kadammanitta. He joined St. Aloysius Seminary, Trivandrum. After the completion of his minor seminary formation, he was sent to Trichy to study philosophy and theology. He was ordained a priest by Benedict Mar Gregorios on 5 May 1973. 
Ministry.
He started his pastoral ministry as the assistant vicar in the parishes around Balaramapuram. Later he has become the vicar of parishes of Venniyoor, Mulloor, Chowara and Vizhinjam. Then he was appointed as the director of St. Johns Leprosy and HIV Care Services at Pirappencode.
Then he was sent to do mission work in North America. When the Malankara Catholic Mission in North America was officially inaugurated he was appointed as the co-ordinator. In 1997 he was raised to the status of a Cor-episcopo.
Pope John Paul II appointed John Kalloor Cor-episcopo as the second bishop of the Eparchy of Marthandom on 16 April 1998. He was ordained a bishop with the name Yoohanon Mar Chrysostom by Archbishop Cyril Mar Baselios at Mar Ivanios Stadium, Trivandrum, on 29 June 1998. He was installed as the bishop of Marthandom on 1 July 1998 at Marthandom Cathedral.
Baselios Cleemis appointed Yoohanon Mar Chrysostom as the bishop of the newly created Eparchy of Pathanamthitta on 25 January 2010; he was enthroned on 20 March 2010.
Before being appointed a Bishop, John Kalloor served the Archdiocese of Washington for many years. Based at Holy Comforter-St. Cyprian parish in Washington, DC, he was a chaplain for DC General Hospital and coordinated ministry for Syro-Malankara rite Catholics in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19113715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113715" title="Nishitetsu Futsukaichi Station">
Nishitetsu Futsukaichi Station


</doc>
<doc id="19113722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113722" title="The Jews' Tragedy">
The Jews' Tragedy

"The Jews' Tragedy" is an early Caroline era stage play by William Heminges. Written in 1626 but apparently never acted in its own era, the drama was the most intensive and detailed attempt to portray Jews onstage in English Renaissance theatre.
Earlier plays — "The Three Ladies of London", "The Jew of Malta", "The Merchant of Venice" and others — had depicted Jews with varying degrees of antipathy or sympathy, though they featured a single Jewish character, or a few at most. No dramatist before Heminges attempted to present a full cast of Jewish characters or to depict Jewish society. The prevailing anti-Semitism in England at the time makes it unsurprising that the work was not staged — and somewhat surprising that it was ever written.
Though never produced before an audience, Heminges's drama was published in 1662, under the title "The Jewes Tragedy, or their fatal and final overthrow by Vespasian and Titus his son, agreeable to the authentick and famous History of Josephus".
Like Heminges's other surviving play "The Fatal Contract", "The Jews' Tragedy" was heavily influenced by the works of Shakespeare. "The Jews' Tragedy" is the earliest play to quote Hamlet's famous soliloquy, "To be or not to be."
"The Jews' Tragedy" was given a reading, a "performance with scripts," at Shakespeare's Globe Theatre in 1998, directed by Graham Watts.

</doc>
<doc id="19113736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113736" title="Indonesian Nahdlatul Community Party">
Indonesian Nahdlatul Community Party

The Indonesian Nahdlatul Community Party () is a political party in Indonesia. 
It was originally established on 16 August 1998 as the Nahdatul Ummat Party ("Partai Nahdatul Ummat") and took part in the 1999 legislative election, winning 5 seats in the People's Representative Council. However, Law No. 31/2002 on Political Parties stated that parties failing to win at least 3 percent of the vote were not eligible to participate in the next election. Therefore the party changed its name and on 5 March 2003 the Indonesian Nahdlatul Community Party was officially founded.
In the 2004 legislative election, the party won 0.8% of the popular vote and lost all 5 seats. After initially failing to qualify, following a lawsuit the party won the right to contest the 2009 elections, in which it won only 0.14 percent of the vote, lower from the electoral threshold of at least 2,5%, again without any seats of the People's Representative Council. 
Regional strength.
In the legislative election held on 9 April 2009, support for the PPNUI was higher than the party's national average in the following provinces:
Aceh 0.3%
Bengkulu 0.2%
Riau 0.2%
South Sumatra 0.3%
Lampung 0.2%
Banten 0.5%
East Java 0.2%
West Kalimantan 0.2%
Central Kalimantan 0.2%
South Kalimantan 0.4%
West Nusa Tenggara 0.4%
West Sulawesi 0.2%
South East Sulawesi 0.1%

</doc>
<doc id="19113748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113748" title="Voigtländer Brillant">
Voigtländer Brillant

The Voigtländer Brillant is a range of pseudo-TLR cameras, and later true TLR cameras, taking 6 × 6 cm exposures on 120 film, made by Voigtländer from 1932.
Famed Hungarian-Dutch photographer Eva Besnyö used a Brillant for her early work.
Introduction.
The first Voigtländer Brillant was released in 1932. This early model resembles a TLR but it is functionally closer to a box camera, since it cannot be focused in the viewfinder. It uses 'zone-focusing' for which one has to estimate the distance to the subject. To assist this estimate, three situations are marked around the taking lens: Porträt, Gruppe and Landschaft (i. e. Portrait, Group and Landscape). While TLRs of the same period have a rather dim ground-glass viewfinder, the Brillant has a so-called brilliant finder made of plain glass.
The 1932 version has a metal body. From 1937 onwards, Brillants were made of bakelite, a polymer, and introduced an accessory compartment for an exposure meter or filters. This 1937 version is known as the Brillant V6.
The next major step took place in 1938, with the introduction of the Focusing Brillant. A small opaque spot is added in the brilliant finder to focus on. The viewing and taking lens are coupled outside the body through gears. After the introduction of this focusing model, the zone-focusing models continued to be produced.
Focusing and controls.
Pre-1938 models use zone focusing. This means there are three markings: Portrait, Group and Landscape, each supposing a standard distance or depth-of-field. A small table with the right distances is provided in the manual or inside the accessory-shoe holder. Different language versions were made for various markets; German, English (their name became "Brilliant"), Spanish, French, Italian, Polish and Czechoslovak versions have been reported. Apart from this zone-focusing, a distance scale in meters or feet and a depth-of-field scale are provided to let the photographer make an educated guess of whether the picture will be in focus. Three shutter speeds are provided; B, 1/25 and 1/50s. The aperture can be set at 9 (full aperture), 11 and 22. The latter two are selected by rotating a punched disc between the lenses.
The introduction of the Focusing Brillant added a third way of focusing: a visual focus check on a small dot of ground glass in the viewfinder.

</doc>
<doc id="19113768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113768" title="Jorge Szmetan">
Jorge Szmetan

Jorge Szmetan (born 26 May 1950, Buenos Aires) an Argentine chess master.
At the beginning of his career, he won at Brasila 1969. He played many times in Argentine Chess Championship, and was a Champion in 1976. He also tied for 4-7th in 1971, tied for 10-11th in 1972, shared 5th in 1973, took 2nd in 1974, took 6th in 1975, shared 5th in 2003, etc.
He took 7th at São Paulo 1972 (zonal, Henrique Mecking won), shared 5th at Fortaleza 1975 (zonal, Raúl Sanguineti won), tied for 5-6th at Buenos Aires Club Argentino 1975 (Samuel Schweber won), took 16th at Corrientes 1985 (zonal, Miguel Quinteros and Ivan Morovic won). He was a winner of Third Konex Master Open Tournament at Buenos Aires 1980.
Szmetan thrice represented Argentina in Chess Olympiads at Nice 1974, Haifa 1976, and Buenos Aires 1978.
He was awarded the International Master title in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19113772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113772" title="Ålbæk">
Ålbæk

Ålbæk (alternative spelling: "Aalbæk") is a small coastal town in Frederikshavn Municipality, Region Nordjylland, Denmark, with a population of 1,544 (1 January 2013).
Aalbæk station is located nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="19113794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113794" title="H-I">
H-I

The H-I or H-1 was a Japanese liquid-fuelled carrier rocket, consisting of a licence-produced American first stage and set of booster rockets, and all-Japanese upper stages. It was launched nine times between 1986 and 1992. It replaced the N-II, and was subsequently replaced by the H-II, which used the same upper stages with a Japanese first stage.
The first stage of the H-I was a licence-built version of the Thor-ELT, which was originally constructed for the US Delta 1000 rocket. The stage had already been licence produced in Japan for the N-I and N-II rockets. The second stage was entirely Japanese, using an LE-5 engine. On launches to Geosynchronous transfer orbits, a Nissan-produced UM-129A solid motor was used as a third stage. Depending on the mass of the payload, either six or nine US Castor 2 SRMs would be used as booster rockets.

</doc>
<doc id="19113810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113810" title="Borommarachathirat I">
Borommarachathirat I

Borommaracha I (, RTGS: Boromma Rachathirat I) or Khun Luang Pa Ngua () (1370–1388) was the third king of Ayutthaya Kingdom. His name "Khun Luang Pa Ngua" literary means the fifth prince.
As the lord of Suphanburi, a powerful rival of Ayutthaya, he forced King Ramesuan from power and took the throne of Ayutthaya. Known as a great warrior, his reign marked the expansion of Ayutthaya to the north. He suppressed a rebellion in Sukhotai (1371-78) and subjugated major northern powers such as Phitsanuloke. Invading Chiengmai, his forces were defeated and repulsed at the Battle of Sen Sanuk, near Chiengmai. 
After his death in 1388, his son, Thonglun reigned for only a week. Ramesuan, who had previously retreated to Lopburi, returned and toppled him. Ramesuan eventually assumed the throne, as the king for the second time.

</doc>
<doc id="19113823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113823" title="Leeds United A.F.C. Reserves and Youth Team">
Leeds United A.F.C. Reserves and Youth Team

Leeds United Reserves are the English football reserve team of Leeds United A.F.C. The manager of the reserves is Neil Redfearn and they currently play behind closed doors friendlies at the club's training ground Thorp Arch. In previous seasons, the reserves have played at York City's Bootham Crescent, South Leeds Stadium and the first team's ground Elland Road. The reserves are generally a mix of recovering or fringe first-team players, young professionals and promising scholars.
The Leeds United Development Squad are the development squad of Leeds United A.F.C. They play in the Professional Development League. Neil Redfearn is the current manager of the team. They play at the club's training ground, Thorp Arch, although they have announced they may also occasionally play at Elland Road.
Leeds United Under 18s are the youth team of Leeds United A.F.C. They play in the Professional Development League. The youth team won the competition's predecessor, the Premier Academy League, in the 2002–03 season, when the league was split into Under-19s and Under-17s, with Leeds winning the Under-17s competition. Richard Naylor is the current coach of the Leeds Under 18s. They play at the club's training ground, Thorp Arch. The youth team also annually compete in the FA Youth Cup, having won it twice – the first time in 1993, beating Manchester United 4–1 and the second time beating Crystal Palace 3–0 in 1997. 
Leeds' concentration on youth since the Ridsdale era attracted praise at the highest level with the president of FIFA Sepp Blatter commenting "Leeds, a club I greatly respect, have to be applauded for its efforts in this regard".
The Leeds United Academy has produced several promising youngsters that have been signed by Premier League clubs in recent years. Michael Woods, Ben Gordon and Tom Taiwo moved to Chelsea, Danny Rose was snapped up by Tottenham Hotspur, Danny Ward switched to Bolton Wanderers and Luke Garbutt moved to Everton while still in the Leeds United youth team. 
Former players that graduated through the Leeds United academy include England internationals Aaron Lennon, James Milner, Paul Robinson, Scott Carson, Jonathan Woodgate and Alan Smith, Australian international Harry Kewell, Republic of Ireland internationals Stephen McPhail, Gary Kelly and Ian Harte and England Under-21 internationals Jonny Howson, Matthew Kilgallon and Fabian Delph. Former club and international greats that also came through Leeds' youth ranks include; John Charles, Terry Cooper, Peter Lorimer, Paul Reaney, Norman Hunter, Jack Charlton, Albert Johanneson, Billy Bremner, Eddie Gray, Gary Speed, John Lukic, David Batty, and Paul Madeley.
Graduates in the current Leeds United first team squad are plentiful, with Sam Byram, Alex Cairns, Chris Dawson, Ross Killock, Tom Lees, Simon Lenighan, Alex Mowatt, Dominic Poleon, Charlie Taylor, Zac Thompson, Lewis Turner and Aidan White all having made appearances in the first team squad recently.
Managers.
"For a more detailed list of Academy coaching staff, see Leeds United A.F.C. personnel#Academy Staff."
Current players.
"Any player whether a professional, a young professional or a scholar is eligible to play for the reserves. Only players aged 21 or under, on 31 August of the current season, are eligible to play for the Development Squad. Three overage outfield players, and an overage goalkeeper may also play. Only players aged 18 or under, on 31 August of the current season (primarily scholars), are eligible to play for the Under 18s".

</doc>
<doc id="19113843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113843" title="Henry Baines">
Henry Baines

Henry Wolfe Baines (2 February 1905 – 29 November 1972) was an Anglican bishop.
Baines was educated at Repton School and Balliol College, Oxford. After theological studies at Ripon College Cuddesdon he was ordained in 1930 and began his ordained ministry as a curate at the University Church of St Mary the Virgin. From 1934 he was chaplain of St. John's Cathedral, Hong Kong, then Vicar of St Nicholas Radford, Coventry and finally, before his ordination to the episcopate, the Rural Dean of Rugby. In 1949 he became Bishop of Singapore and in 1960 he was translated to be the Bishop of Wellington.

</doc>
<doc id="19113847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113847" title="Wager Mutiny">
Wager Mutiny

The Wager Mutiny was the mutiny of the crew of after she was wrecked on a desolate island off the west coast of Chile in 1741. The ship was part of a squadron commanded by George Anson and bound to attack Spanish interests in the Pacific. "Wager" lost contact with the squadron whilst rounding Cape Horn, ran aground and wrecked on the west coast of Chile in May 1741. The main body of the crew mutinied against the captain, David Cheap, abandoned him and his loyal crew members, and returned in a modified open boat to England via the Strait of Magellan.
Though most died on the journey, some survived, including the ring-leaders. Captain Cheap and a smaller group, guided by natives, made their way north to an inhabited region of Chile. Most of them died on the journey, but Cheap and three others survived and eventually returned to England in 1745, two years after the mutineers. The adventures of the crew of the "Wager" were a public sensation. They inspired many narratives written by survivors and others, including the novel "The Unknown Shore" (1959) by the celebrated 20th-century author Patrick O'Brian, who based his account on John Byron's memoir, published in 1768.
HMS "Wager".
"Wager" was originally an East India Company ship, an armed trading vessel built mainly to accommodate large cargoes of goods from the far east, but also capable of carrying significant firepower for self protection on the open seas. The vessel was bought by the Admiralty in 1739 to form part of a squadron under Commodore George Anson to attack Spanish interests on the Pacific west coast of South America.
Commodore Anson's squadron.
The total squadron consisted of some 1,980 men (crew plus infantry), of which only 188 would survive the voyage. It was one of the most terrifying, challenging, heroic and adventurous circumnavigations of the globe ever completed. The squadron, including "Wager", consisted of six warships and two victuallers (supply ships):
The two merchant vessels, which carried additional stores, were "Anna" (400 tons, 16-men), and "Industry" (200 tons). The squadron also comprised an additional 470 invalids and wounded soldiers from Chelsea hospital, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Cracherode. Most of these men were the first to die during the hardships of the voyage. Their inclusion in place of regular troops, was severely criticised as cruel and ineffective.
Spithead to Staten Island.
After taking 40 days to reach Funchal, the squadron replenished supplies of water, wood and fresh food before making the Atlantic crossing to Santa Catarina. Two weeks into this leg of the journey, the store ship "Industry" signaled to the Commodore that it required to speak to him. The Captain of "Industry" told Anson that his contract had been fulfilled and the ship needed to turn back for England. The stores from "Industry" were distributed amongst the remaining ships, with a large quantity of rum sent aboard "Wager." "Wager" therefore held three main classes of cargo aboard (aside from her own allocated stores) namely; rum, trading goods for use with the local Indians up the coast of South America, which were to be traded for supplies required by the squadron and used to subvert Spanish rule; and finally, small-arms with powder and ball to arm shore-raiding parties.
Progress of the squadron to Staten Island on the Atlantic side of Cape Horn was remarkable only for the time that was taken to reach Funchal. At the time this was considered an inconvenience. But, this delay, coupled with the impressment of many sailors in England who had recently been at sea for some time, and had not fully restored their bodies to a fresh food diet, resulted in many of the men in the squadron dying of scurvy, due to lack of fresh citrus fruits or meats. The high contingent of invalids in the squadron, coupled with the outbreak of scurvy, meant that Anson's squadron was in poor condition for the arduous rounding of the Horn.
Captain Dandy Kidd was moved from "Wager" to the "Pearl," and Captain Murray moved to command "Wager". Kidd died on the voyage after the squadron left Santa Catarina and before they reached the straits of Staten Island. On his death bed, he predicted success and riches for some, but death and devastating hardship for the crew of "Wager". For the notoriously superstitious sailors on board "Wager," this was awful news. As it turned out, it was an accurate prophecy.
Kidd was replaced by Captain Murray, who left "Wager" to take command of "Pearl". Lieutenant David Cheap was moved from the small sloop "Tryal" and promoted to Captain of "Wager". Cheap was placed in command for the first time of a much larger vessel, crewed by sick and dispirited men who had not had the benefit of a long-serving captain. Cheap compounded these handicaps by denigrating the technical abilities of many of the officers, and being easily moved to fits of rage. In Cheap's favour, he was a capable seaman and navigator, a big man who feared nobody and, possibly most importantly, a loyal and determined officer. The importance of the "Wager" and her role in the mission was pressed on Cheap by Anson as he assumed command; the squadron would draw on "Wager's store of small arms and ammunition to attack shore bases along the west coast of Chile. T
The rounding of the Horn.
The delays of the voyage were most keenly felt when the squadron rounded the Horn. The weather conditions were atrocious; high sea states and contrary winds meant that progress west was very slow. Added to this was the deteriorating health of the crew because of scurvy, few able-bodied seamen were available to work the ship and carry out running repairs to the continually battered rigging.
After many weeks working westwards to clear the Horn, the squadron turned north when navigational reckoning suggested enough westerly had been made. At this time latitudinal determination was relatively easy with the use of a sextant; however, longitudinal determination was much harder to predict: it required accurate time-pieces or a good view of the stars on stable ground, neither of which were available to the squadron. Longitude was predicted by dead reckoning, an impossible task given the storm conditions, strong currents and length of time involved. The intention was to turn north only when Anson was reasonably certain that the Horn had been cleared.
The result was nearly a complete disaster. In the middle of the night, the moon shone through the cloud for a few minutes, revealing to diligent sentinels aboard "Anna" towering waves breaking onto the Patagonian coastline. "Anna" fired guns and set up lights to warn the other ships of the danger. Without this sighting, the whole of Anson's squadron would have been wrecked, with the likely loss of all hands. This was a severe disappointment. The ships turned around and headed south again into huge seas and a foul wind. During one particularly severe night, "Wager" became separated from the rest of the squadron, and would never see it again.
The wrecking of the "Wager".
As "Wager", now alone, continued beating to the west, the question remained, when to turn north? Do it too early and the risk of running the ship aground was very high; which the crew already realized. But, they were severely depleted with scurvy - every day more victims were going down with the condition – and there was a shortage of seamen to handle the ship. The dilemma became contentious when Captain Cheap stated his intention to make for Socorro Island (now Guamblin Island). The gunner, John Bulkley, objected strongly to this proposal. He argued to make the secondary squadron rendezvous, the Island of Juan Fernandez, their primary destination, since it was not as close to the mainland as Socorro and was less likely to result in the wrecking the ship on a lee shore. Bulkley was recognized as probably the most capable seaman on the ship; as gunner, he had officer rank. Navigation was technically the responsibility of the master, Thomas Clark, but he, along with most of the officers on board, was held in thinly-disguised contempt by Cheap.
Bulkley repeatedly tried to persuade Cheap to change his mind, arguing that the ship was in such poor condition that the crew's ability to carry the required sails to beat off a lee-shore or come to anchor was compromised, making Cheap's decision to head for Socorro too hazardous, especially given that the whole area was poorly charted. In the event Bulkley was to prove exactly correct, but Cheap refused to change course.
On 13 May 1741, at 9 am, John Cummins, the carpenter, went forward to inspect the chain plates. Whilst there he thought he caught a fleeting glimpse of land to the west. The lieutenant, Baynes, was also on deck but he saw nothing, and the sighting was not reported. Baynes was later reprimanded at a Court Martial for failing to alert the Captain. The sighting of land to the west was thought to be impossible. But, "Wager" had entered a large uncharted bay, now called "Golfo de Penas", and the land to the west was later to be called the Tres Montes Peninsula. 
At 2 pm land was positively sighted to the west and northwest. All hands were mustered to make sail and turn the ship to the southwest. During the frantic operations which followed, Cheap fell down the quarterdeck ladder and dislocated his shoulder and was confined below. There followed a night of terrible weather, with the ship in a disabled and worn-out condition, which severely hampered efforts to get her clear of the bay. At 4:30 am, the ship struck rocks repeatedly, broke her tiller, and although still afloat was partially flooded. The invalids below who were too sick to move were drowned.
Bulkley and another seaman, John Jones, began steering the ship with sail alone towards land, but later in the morning the ship struck again, this time fast.
Shipwrecked on Wager Island.
"Wager" had struck rocks on the coast of what would subsequently be known as Wager Island. Some of the crew broke into the spirit room and got drunk, armed themselves and began looting, dressing up in officers' clothes and fighting. Aside from this, 140 other men and officers took to the boats and made it safely on shore; however, their prospects were desperate. They were shipwrecked far into the southern latitudes at the start of winter with little food, in an uncharted and desolate land with hardly any natural resources to sustain them. The crew were dangerously divided, with many blaming the captain for their predicament. On the following day, Friday 15 May, the ship bilged amidships, and many of the drunken crew still on board drowned. The only members of the crew left on board "Wager" were the boatswain, John King, and a few of his followers. King was a rebellious character, and, as events would prove, an extremely dangerous and difficult individual.
Some of the ship's additional cargo was to prove useful. The crew used the Indian trading goods, mostly bolts of cloth, to add to improvised shelters. The other trinkets were largely useless, as were the small arms and ammunition and powder. No human enemies were nearby and little wildlife to hunt. The large quantity of extra rum was a problem, as many of the crew were perpetually drunk and very difficult to control.
Mutiny.
Cast ashore in dreadful conditions, the crew of "Wager" were frightened and angry with their captain. Dissent and insubordination soon became increasingly common. King fired a four-pounder cannon from "Wager" at the captain's hut to induce someone to collect him and his mates once they began to fear for their safety on the wreck.
Checking rebellious thoughts of the crew was British Naval law. Dissent by seamen or officers within the contemporary Royal Navy was met with a brutal and energetically-pursued vigour. Anyone found guilty of mutiny would be pursued for the rest of their lives across the globe. To be found guilty required very little insubordination by today’s standards. Once convicted, a man was rapidly sentenced to death by hanging from the yardarm.
The crew knew they were playing an extremely dangerous game, and worked to build a narrative to justify their rebellious actions. Full mutiny would likely not have occurred had the captain agreed to a plan of escape devised by Bulkley, who had the confidence of most men. He proposed that the carpenter, Cummins, would lengthen the longboat and convert it into a schooner which could accommodate more men. They would make their way home, via the Strait of Magellan, to Portuguese Brazil or the British Caribbean, and then home to England. The smaller boats, the barge and the cutter, would accompany the schooner and be important for inshore foraging work along their journey. Bulkley was skilful enough to give the plan a chance of success. Despite much prevarication, Captain Cheap finally would not agree to Bulkley's plan. He preferred to head north and try to catch-up with Anson's squadron. If discipline for ordinary seamen was brutal, the officers were no better off. The importance of doing one's utmost to complete a mission was implicit.
Aware that he had lost his ship, Cheap was in a predicament. He would automatically be subject to court martial and, if found guilty, he could be thrown out of the Navy and into a lifetime of poverty and isolation at best. At worst he could be found guilty of cowardice and executed by firing squad. This was demonstrated by the 1757 execution of Admiral John Byng. Cheap wanted to head north along the Chilean coast to rendezvous with Anson at Valdivia. He had concluded to exert unremitting zeal to try to salvage his first command. His warrant officers had warned him against some of his actions, which would reflect badly on him when the Admiralty investigated the loss of his ship. 
This impasse led to the mutiny. The mutineers justified their actions based on other events, including the shooting by Cheap of a drunken insubordinate midshipman called Cozens. Cheap shot the man in the face at point blank range without warning, immediately after arriving at a reported altercation in a rage. Cozens was refused medical aid on the orders of the captain, and took ten days to die in agony.
The carpenter continued modifying the boats for an as-yet undecided plan of escape, and until this was complete, outright mutiny would remain only a possibility. Once the schooner was ready, events would happen quickly. Bulkley set the wheels in motion by drafting the following letter for the captain to sign:
Baynes was presented with the letter to read, after which doing so he made the following comment, which astonished the mutineers:
As expected, Cheap refused to sign Bulkley's letter. On 9 October, armed seamen entered Cheap's hut and bound him, claiming that he was now their prisoner and they were taking him to England for trial for the murder of Cozens. Lieutenant Hamilton of the Marines was also confined, the mutineers fearing his resistance to their plan, which confirmed the fact that this was indeed a mutiny. Cheap was completely taken aback, having no real idea how far things had gone. The bound Cheap turned his attention to his Lieutenant, Baynes, terrifying him with the words, "Well 'Captain' Baynes! You will doubtless be called to account for this hereafter."
The voyage of the "Speedwell".
At noon on Tuesday, 13 October 1741, the schooner, now named the "Speedwell", got under sail with the cutter and barge in company. Cheap refused to go, and to the relief of the mutineers, he agreed to be left behind with two marines who were earlier shunned for stealing food. Everyone expected Cheap to die on Wager Island, making their arrival in England much easier to explain. Bulkley assumed this by writing in his journal that day, "this was the last I ever saw of the captain". In the event, both would make it back to England alive to tell their version of events, Cheap some two years after Bulkley.
Initially the voyage got off to a bad start. After repeatedly splitting sails, the barge was sent back to Wager Island, where there were additional stores. Two midshipmen, John Byron and Alexander Campbell, formed part of the nine who returned. Once back at Wager Island, they were greeted by Captain Cheap, who was delighted to hear of their wish to remain with him. By the time Bulkley sailed back to Wager Island in search of the now missing barge and men, all had disappeared. 
The "Speedwell" and the cutter turned around and sailed south. The journey was arduous and food was in very short supply. On 3 November the cutter parted company; this was serious as she was needed for inshore foraging work. By now Bulkley was despairing of the men in the "Speedwell". Most were in the advanced stages of starvation, exposed in a desperately cold, open boat, and had lapsed into apathy. Some days later they had good news, sighting the cutter and rejoining it. Soon after, at night, she broke loose from her consort's tow line and was wrecked on the coast. Of the eighty-one men who had departed about two weeks before, ten had already perished.
As food began to run out, the situation became desperate. Ten men were picked out and forced to sign a paper consenting to being cast ashore on the uninhabited frozen bog-ridden southern coast of Chile, a virtual death sentence. Sixty men remained in the "Speedwell". Eventually the improvised vessel entered the Strait of Magellan, in monstrous seas which threatened the boat with every wave. Men were dying from starvation regularly. Some days after exiting The Straits, the boat moved closer to land in order to take in water and hunt for food. Later, as the last of their supplies were being taken on board, Bulkley made sail, abandoning eight men on the desolate shore 300 miles short of Buenos Aires. Three of those he had abandoned made it back to England alive. Only thirty-three men remained in the "Speedwell".
Eventually, and after a brief stop at a Portuguese outpost on the River Plate, where the crew were fleeced by the locals for meagre provisions and cheated by a priest who disappeared with their fowling pieces (shotguns) on the promise of returning with game, the "Speedwell" set sail once more. On 28 January 1742, it sighted the Rio Grande, southern Brazil, after a journey of over two-thousand miles in an open boat over fifteen weeks. Of the eighty-one men who set off from Wager Island, thirty arrived at Rio in a desperate condition.
Captain Cheap's group.
Twenty men remained on Wager Island after the departure of the "Speedwell". Poor weather during October and November continued. One man died of exposure after being marooned for three days on a rock for stealing food. By December and the summer solstice, it was decided to launch the barge and the yawl and skirt up the coast 300 miles to an inhabited part of Chile. During bad weather, the yawl was overturned and lost, with the quartermaster drowned.
There was not enough room for everyone in the barge, and four of the most helpless men, all marines, were left on the shore to fend for themselves. In his account, Campbell describes events thus:
Fourteen men were left in the barge. After repeated failed attempts to round the headland, they decided to return to Wager Island and give up all hope of escape. The four stranded marines were looked for but had disappeared. Two months after leaving Wager Island, Captain Cheap's group returned. The thirteen survivors were close to death, and one man died of starvation shortly after arriving.
Back at the island Captain Cheap took more food than the others and did less work. Fifteen days after returning to Wager Island, the men were visited by a party of Indians, astonished to find them. After some negotiation, with the surgeon speaking Spanish, they agreed to guide the castaways to a small Spanish settlement up the coast, using an overland route to avoid the peninsula. The castaways traded the barge for the journey. In his book, John Byron gives a detailed account of the journey to the village of Castro in Chile, as does Alexander Campbell. The ordeal took four months, during which another ten men died of starvation, exhaustion and fatigue. Marine Lieutenant Hamilton, Midshipmen Campbell, Midshipman Byron, and Captain Cheap were the only survivors.
Bulkley & the "Speedwell" survivors return to England.
The 30 mutineers had an anxious time before eventually securing passage to Rio de Janeiro on the brigantine "Saint Catherine," which set sail on Sunday 28 March 1742. Once in Rio de Janeiro, internal and external diplomatic wrangling continually threatened to terminally complicate either their lives, or at least their return to England. John King did not help. He formed a violent gang that spent most of its time repeatedly terrorising his former shipmates on various pretexts. They moved to the opposite side of Rio to avoid King. After many episodes of fleeing their accommodations in terror of King and his gang (who referred to him as their 'commander'), Bulkley, Cummins and the cooper, John Young, eventually sought protection from the Portuguese authorities. 
Captain S W C Pack describes these events:
They eventually secured passage to Bahia in the "Saint Tubes", which set sail on 20 May 1742. They gladly left the boatswain John King behind to continue causing criminal havoc in Rio de Janeiro. On 11 September 1742, the "Saint Tubes" left Bahia bound for Lisbon, and from there they embarked in HMS "Stirling Castle" on 20 December bound for Spithead, England. They arrived on New Year's Day 1743, after an absence of more than two years.
Events were also reported back to London from the British Consul in Lisbon, in a dispatch dated 1 October 1742 (see images):
SWC Pack's book describes a similar report:
Lieutenant Baynes, in order to exonerate himself, rushed ahead of Bulkley and Cummins to the Admiralty in London and gave an account of what happened to "Wager" which reflected badly on Bulkley and Cummins but not himself. Baynes was a weak man and an incompetent officer, as was recorded by all those who provided a narrative of these events. As a result of Baynes' report, Bulkley and Cummins were detained aboard HMS "Stirling Castle" for two weeks whilst the Admiralty decided how to act. It was eventually decided to release them and defer any formal court martial proceedings until the return of either Commodore Anson or Captain Cheap. When Anson did return in 1744, it was decided that no trial would proceed until Cheap returned. Bulkley asked the Admiralty for permission to publish his journal. It responded that it was his business and he could do as he liked. He released a book containing his journal, but the initial reaction from some was that he should be hanged as a mutineer.
Bulkley found employment when he assumed command of a forty-gun privateer "Saphire". It was not long before Bulkley's competence and nerve found him success as he tricked his way around a superior force of French frigates which his vessel encountered when cruising. As a result, Bulkley found his successes being reported in popular London papers and gained some celebrity. He began thinking that it was would not be long before the Admiralty would offer him the coveted command of a Royal Navy ship. On 9 April 1745, however, Cheap arrived back in England.
Survivors of Captain Cheap's group return to England.
By January 1742, as Bulkley was returning to Spithead, the four survivors of Cheap's group had spent seven months in Chaco. Nominal prisoners of the local governor, they were allowed to live with local hosts and were left unmolested. The biggest obstacle in Byron's efforts to return to England began firstly with the old lady who initially looked after him (and her two daughters) in the countryside before his move to the town itself. All of the ladies were fond of Byron and became extremely reluctant to let him leave, successfully getting the governor to agree to Byron staying with her for a few extra weeks. He finally left for Chaco, amidst many tears. Once in Chaco, Byron was also offered the hand in marriage of the richest heiress in the town. Her beau said, although "her person was good, she could not be called a regular beauty", and this seems to have sealed her fate. On 2 January 1743, the group left on a ship bound for Valparaiso. Cheap and Hamilton removed to St Jago, as they were officers who had preserved their commissions. Byron and Campbell were unceremoniously jailed.
Campbell and Byron were confined in a single cell infested with insects and placed on a starvation diet. Many locals visited their cell, paying officials for the privilege of looking at the 'terrible Englishmen', people they had heard much about, but never seen before. But, the harsh conditions moved not only their curious visitors but also the sentry at their cell door, who allowed food and money to be taken to them. Eventually Cheap's whole group made it to Santiago, where things were much better. They stayed there on parole for the rest of 1743 and 1744. Exactly why becomes clearer in Campbell's account:
After two years, the group were offered passage on a ship to Spain; they all agreed except , Campbell. He chose to travel overland with some Spanish naval officers to Buenos Aires and from there to connect to a different ship also bound for Spain. Campbell deeply resented Captain Cheap's giving him less money in a cash allowance than he gave to Hamilton and Byron. Campbell was suspected to be edging toward marrying s Spanish colonial woman, which was against the rules of the British Navy at that time. Campbell was furious at this treatment. He wrote: 
On 20 December 1744, Cheap, Hamilton and Byron embarked on the French ship "Lys", which had to return to Valparaiso after springing a leak. On 1 March 1744 "Lys" set out for Europe, and after a good passage round the Horn, she dropped anchor in Tobago in late June. After managing to get lost and sail obliviously by night through the very dangerous island chain between Grenada and St Vincent, the ship headed for Puerto Rico. The crew was alarmed at seeing abandoned barrels from British warships, as Britain was now at war with France. After narrowly avoiding being captured off San Domingo, the ship made her way to Brest, arriving on 31 October 1744. After six months in Brest being virtually abandoned with no money, shelter, food or clothing, the destitute group embarked for England on a Dutch ship. On 9 April 1745 they landed at Dover, three men of the twenty who had left in the barge with Cheap on 15 December 1741.
News of their arrival quickly spread to the Admiralty and Buckley. Cheap went directly to the Admiralty in London with his version of events. A court martial was duly organised. After all he had been through and survived, Bulkley was in danger for his life, and at risk of execution.
Abandoned survivors of the "Speedwell" group return to England.
Left by Bulkley at Freshwater Bay, in what is today the resort city of Mar del Plata, were eight men who were alone, starving, sickly and in a hostile and remote country. After a month of living on seals killed with stones to preserve ball and powder, the group began the 300-mile trek north to Buenos Aires. Their greatest fear, correctly as it would transpire, were the Tehuelche natives, who were known to live in the area. After a 60-mile trek north in two days, they were forced to return to Freshwater Bay because they were unable to locate any fresh water. Once back they decided to wait for the wet season before making another attempt. By May they were starving for lack of food. They became more settled in Freshwater Bay, built a hut, tamed some puppies they took from a wild dog, and began raising pigs. One of the party spotted what they described as a 'tiger' reconnoitering their hut one night. Another sighting of a 'lion' shortly after this had the men hastily planning another attempt to walk to Buenos Aires (they saw a jaguar and a cougar).
One day, when most of the men were out hunting, the group returned to find the two left behind to mind the camp had been murdered, the hut torn down, and all their possessions taken. Two other men who were hunting in another area disappeared, and their dogs made their way back to the devastated camp. The four remaining men left Freshwater Bay for Buenos Aires, accompanied by 16 dogs and two pigs. 
They did not get very far, and for the third time, were forced to return to Freshwater Bay. Shortly afterwards a large group of Indians on horseback surrounded them, took them all prisoner, and enslaved them. After being bought and sold four times, they were eventually taken to the local chieftain's camp. When he learned they were English and at war with the Spanish, he treated them better. By the end of 1743, after eight months as slaves, they eventually told the chief that they wanted to return to Buenos Aires. He agreed but refused to give up John Duck, who was mulatto. An English trader in Montevideo, upon hearing of their plight, put up the ransom of $270 for the other three and they were released. 
On arrival in Buenos Aires, the governor out them in jail after they refused to convert to Catholicism. In early 1745 they were moved to the ship "Asia," where they were to work as prisoners of war. After this they were thrown in prison again, chained, and placed on a bread and water diet for fourteen weeks, before a judge eventually ordered their release. Then Midshipman Alexander Campbell, another of "Wager"s crew, arrived in town.
Midshipman Alexander Campbell's overland trek to Buenos Aires.
On 20 January 1745 Campbell and four Spanish naval officers set out across South America from Valparaiso to Buenos Aires. Using mules, the party trekked into the high Andes, where they faced precipitous mountains, severe cold and, at times, serious altitude sickness. First a mule slipped on an exposed path and was dashed onto rocks far below, then two mules froze to death on a particularly horrendous night of blizzards, and an additional 20 died of thirst or starvation on the remaining journey. After seven weeks travelling, the party eventually arrived in Buenos Aires.
Campbell and the Freshwater Bay survivors return to England.
It took five months for Alexander Campbell to get out of Buenos Aires, where he was twice confined in a fort for periods of several weeks. Eventually the governor sent him to Montevideo, which was just 100 miles across the Río de la Plata. It was here that the three Freshwater Bay survivors, Midshipman Isaac Morris, Seaman Samuel Cooper and John Andrews were languishing as prisoners of war aboard the Spanish ship "Asia',' along with sixteen other English sailors from another ship. Campbell had finally converted to Catholicism, which helped him. While his fellow shipmates were treated harshly and confined aboard the "Asia", Campbell wined and dined with various captains on the social circuit of Montevideo.
All four "Wager" survivors departed for Spain in the "Asia" at the end of October 1745, but the passage was not without incident. Having been at sea three days, eleven Indian crew on board mutinied against their barbaric treatment by the Spanish officers. They killed twenty Spaniards and wounded another twenty before briefly taking control of the ship (which had a total crew of over five hundred). Eventually the Spaniards worked to reassert control and through a 'lucky shot', according to Morris, they killed the Indian chief Orellana dead. His followers all jumped overboard rather than submit to Spanish retribution.
The "Asia" dropped anchor at the port Corcubion, near Cape Finisterre on 20 January 1746. The authorities chained together Morris, Cooper and Andrews and put them in jail. Campbell went to Madrid for questioning. After four months held captive in awful conditions, the three Freshwater Bay survivors were eventually released to Portugal, from where they sailed for England, arriving in London on 5 July 1746. Bulkley had to confront men he assumed had died on a desolated coastline thousands of miles away.
Campbell's insistence that he had not entered the service of the Spanish Navy, as Cheap and Byron had believed, was apparently confirmed when he arrived in London during early May 1746, shortly after Cheap. Campbell went straight to the Admiralty, where he was promptly dismissed from the service for his change in religion. His hatred for Cheap had, if anything, intensified. After all he had been through, he completes his account of this incredible story thus:
Court martial into the loss of "Wager".
Proceedings for a full court martial to inquire into the loss of "Wager" were initiated once Cheap had returned and made his report to the Admiralty. All "Wager" survivors were ordered to report aboard HMS "Prince George" at Spithead for the court martial. Bulkley on hearing this reacted in his typical style of being overly clever and devious. He arranged to dine with the Deputy Marshal of the Admiralty (the enforcing officer of the Royal Navy command) but kept his true identity concealed. 
Bulkley wrote about his prepared conversation with the Deputy Marshal at the Paul's Head Tavern in Cateaton Street:
At which point the Marshal responded:
Bulkley told the Marshal of his true identity, who immediately arrested him. Upon arrival aboard "Prince George", Bulkley sent some of his friends to visit Cheap to gauge his mood and intentions. Their report gave Bulkley little comfort. Cheap was in a vindictive frame of mind, telling them:
Upon securing the main players, trial was set for Tuesday 15 April 1746, presided by Vice Admiral of the Red Squadron James Steuart. Much of what happened on the day land was first sighted off Patagonia as recounted here came out in sworn testimonies, with statements from Cheap, Byron, Hamilton, Bulkley, Cummins and King (who had also returned to England, under unknown circumstances) and a number of other crew members.
Cheap, although keen to charge those who abandoned him in the "Speedwell" with mutiny, decided not to make any accusations when it was suggested to him that any such claims would lead to his being accused of murdering Midshipman Cozens. None of the witnesses was aware at this point that the Admiralty had decided not to examine events "after" the ship foundered as part of the scope of the court martial proceedings.
After testimony and questioning, the men were all were promptly acquitted of any wrong-doing, except for Lieutenant Baynes. He was admonished for not reporting the carpenter's sighting of land to the west to the captain, or letting go the anchor when ordered.
Aftermath.
The mutineers argued that, since their pay stopped on the day their vessel was wrecked, they were no longer under naval law. Captain S W C Pack, in his book about the mutiny, describes this and the Admiralty's decision not to investigate events after the "Wager" was lost in more detail:
Captain Cheap was promoted to the distinguished rank of post captain and appointed to command the forty-gun ship , demonstrating that the Admiralty considered his many faults secondary to his steadfast loyalty and sense of purpose. He captured a valuable prize soon after, which allowed him to marry in 1748. He died in 1752. His service records, reports, will and death are recorded in the National Archives.
Midshipman John Byron was promoted to the rank of master and commander, and appointed to command the twenty-gun ship "Syren". He eventually rose to the rank of vice admiral. Byron had a varied and significant active service history which included a circumnavigation of the globe. He married in 1748 and raised a family. His grandson George Gordon Byron became a famous poet. He died in 1786.
Robert Baynes' service records exist from prior to the sailing of Anson's squadron. Upon his return to England after the "Wager" affair, he never served at sea again. Instead, in February 1745, before the court martial, he was given a position onshore running a naval store yard in Clay near the Sea, Norfolk. Apart from some reports of thieving from his yard, his life did not create other records. He remained in this capacity until his death in 1758.
Shortly after the court martial, John Bulkley was offered command of the cutter "Royal George", which he declined, thinking her "too small to keep to the sea". He was right in his assessment, as the vessel subsequently foundered in the Bay of Biscay, with the loss of all hands.
Alexander Campbell completes his narrative of the "Wager" affair by denying he had entered the service of the Spanish Navy; however, in the same year his book was published, a report was made against him. Commodore Edward Legge (formerly captain of in Anson's original squadron) reported that whilst cruising in Portuguese waters, he encountered a certain Alexander Campbell in port, formerly of the Royal Navy and the , enlisting English seamen and sending them overland to Cadiz to join the Spanish service.

</doc>
<doc id="19113851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113851" title="Motor Scout">
Motor Scout

Motor Scout was the first armed petrol engine powered vehicle ever built. It was designed and built by British inventor F.R. Simms in 1898. He constructed the vehicle by mounting a Maxim machine gun on the front wheels bar of a De Dion-Bouton quadricycle. He also put an iron shield in front of the car for the driver's protection. The driver also operated the machine gun. The next vehicle designed by Simms, the Motor War Car, can be considered the world's first real armoured car.

</doc>
<doc id="19113855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113855" title="RAF Spilsby">
RAF Spilsby

RAF Spilsby was a Royal Air Force station during the Second World War and the Cold War located in the rural village of Great Steeping, near the market town of Spilsby, Lincolnshire, England.
History.
A change of location.
During the Second World War the Air Ministry attempted to build an airfield at Gunby Hall that would have covered most of the estate and necessitated the demolition of the magnificent and historic hall. The then owner, Field Marshal Sir Archibald Montgomery-Massingberd personally appealed to King George VI and the Air Ministry relented, redrawing the plans that resulted in the building of the resited RAF Spilsby although the runway would eventually end only a few yards short of the Gunby estate boundary hedge.
First action.
The airfield was built at Great Steeping, just south west of its originally planned location at Gunby, during 1942 to 1943 and opened for action on 20 September 1943 as an overflow satellite airfield to RAF East Kirkby in 5 (Bomber) Group RAF. The first operational squadron to be based at Spilsby was No 207 squadron RAF who moved from RAF Langar on 12 October 1943. The squadron bombed Hanover in Germany six days later on 18 October and the following week the station was upgraded from satellite status to a full station in its own right.
Later in the war.
In April 1944 the three local bomber stations at Spilsby, Strubby and East Kirkby combined to form the 55th (Bomber) Group RAF with the headquarters located at East Kirkby. RAF Spilsby became a two squadron station when No 44 Squadron RAF relocated from RAF Dunholme Lodge near Lincoln in October 1944.
In 1944 a Spilsby based 207 Squadron airman, Flying Officer Denys Street was one of the real escapees from the German prisoner of war camp Stalag Luft III and was one of the fifty executed by the Gestapo in the aftermath of the mass escape that was later filmed as The Great Escape.
During the war the Lancasters of 207 Squadron flew over 6,000 individual sorties during 540 operational missions, by both day and night with the loss of 154 seven man crews killed or missing, with at least another 9 aircraft lost on non-operational training or ferry flights. 
As the Second World War came to an end 44 Squadron was moved south to RAF Mepal in Cambridgeshire and they were replaced by No 75 (New Zealand) Squadron who were planned to be part of the Tiger Force against Japan. However, when the nuclear bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the war ended, the Spilsby squadrons were moved elsewhere in October 1945. The airfield defence force of No 2751 Sqn (RAF Regiment) remained at RAF Spilsby and it became No 2 Armament and Gunnery Practice School.
Airfield incidents.
On Easter Monday 10 April 1944, during the preparation for an operation, a major incident occurred in a fusing shed while a bomb was being disarmed. It exploded causing the death of 10 Squadron armourers, three of whom were never found and therefore have no known grave. The force of the explosion also caused damage to some of the Airfield's buildings and even some slight damage in the nearby community.
The second accident happened on 1 November 1944. During 207 Squadron's daylight departure on sorties, one of the Lancasters, piloted by Flying Officer Arthur Loveless, swung violently on take-off. It careered across the Airfield, demolishing a Nissen hut before coming to rest among four Halifaxes belonging to 429 'Bison' Squadron (RCAF) which had been diverted to Spilsby from the previous night's operation. The result was the loss of the Lancaster and three of the Halifaxes by explosion and fire. A fourth Halifax was severely damaged and it was in this aircraft that the only fatality occurred when its Flight Engineer started up the engines with the intention of getting clear of the inferno. Once again a number of the Airfield's buildings were damaged with the control tower having a narrow escape.
A few days later on 11 November, a further tragedy befell Spilsby airmen when returning home from an operation. Two Lancasters - one from 44 Squadron, flown by Pilot Officer Garyer, and one from 207 Squadron - received identical landing instructions from the Spilsby control tower and collided in the approach funnel over the village of Bratoft, east of the airfield, killing both crews and scattering debris over a large area. This led to revised approach procedures being implemented with aircraft being allocated specific time slots to prevent overcrowding in the circuit.
The Cold War period and closure.
In December 1946 RAF Spilsby was abandoned and placed on care and maintenance until June 1955, during which time it was used for storing overflow supplies for RAF East Kirkby. After the Korean War and as the Cold War started RAF Spilsby re-opened to host units of the USAF and the east-west runway was extended by in preparation for accommodating long range escort fighters.. However no USAF squadrons were ever based at Spilsby, where only non-flying units were stationed, there is no evidence that the airfield was used by any aircraft. The Korean war had ended in 1953 but the USAF did not move out until March 1958, relocating to RAF Mildenhall, when the Spilsby airfield immediately closed. The extended runway was long enough to handle the RAF's jet engined nuclear bomber V-force and a decision to rip it out was delayed for nearly twenty years just in case it became needed again by the RAF. 
Spilsby remained on RAF maps as a designated emergency landing site for the Vulcan bombers based at RAF Scampton. With the V-force disbanding the runways and perimeter track were finally torn up during the late 1970s, with most of the crushed aggregate being used in the construction of the new Humber Bridge.
Memorials.
RAF Spilsby is commemorated by an Airfield Memorial standing just outside Great Steeping and by plaques in the All Saints' Church Great Steeping. The ghost cropmarks showing the airfield's runway layout are still visible on some aerial photographs and at certain times of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="19113857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113857" title="Lempira F.C.">
Lempira F.C.

Lempira FC is an Honduran football club, based in La Lima, Honduras.
History.
They were relegated to second division for the 1971-72 season.
Achievements.
Domestic

</doc>
<doc id="19113898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113898" title="Jack Morley">
Jack Morley

John "Jack" Cuthbert Morley (28 July 1909–7 March 1972) was a Welsh international rugby wing who played rugby union for Newport and rugby league with Wigan. He won five caps for Wales in rugby league and 14 caps for Wales in union and was the first player to tour Australia and New Zealand for both union and league British teams.
Morley, although mainly a wing player was often used as a utility back, and was known for his incredible pace and ability to change direction at speed. He was an intelligent but unorthodox player.
Club career.
Morley first represented Wales as a schoolboy, and after leaving Newport Municipal Secondary School he joined Newport. In his first season with the club he scored 29 tries and by 1931 was captain of the senior Newport team, at the age of 21 he was the youngest player to be given the honour. He captained Newport against the touring South Africans at Rodney Parade on 8 October 1931, and set up Ken Richards for a try after a typical zigzag run. The South Africans took note of Morley and attempted to ensure he wasn't given the space to run at them for the rest of the game. In August 1932 he switched to rugby league, leaving Newport for Wigan.
Rugby Football League Championship final appearances.
Jack Morley played Right-, i.e. number 2, and scored a try in Wigan's 15–3 victory over Salford in the 1933–34 Rugby Football League Championship final at Wilderspool Stadium, Warrington on Saturday 28 April 1934 .
Rugby League County Cup final appearances.
Jack Morley played Right-, i.e. number 2 in Wigan's 10-7 victory over Salford in the 1938–39 Lancashire Cup final at Station Road, Swinton, on Saturday 22 October 1938.
Notable tour matches.
Jack Morley played Right-, i.e. number 2, and scored 2-tries in Wigan's 30-27 victory over France at Central Park, Wigan, on Saturday 10 March 1934.
International career.
Morley was first capped for Wales against England on January 19, 1929 and although he finished on the losing side he did manage to score a try on his debut, when he received the ball forty yards out, broke infield and crossed wide, after cutting back inside to score . He retained his place and played in the remaining three games of the Championship. After playing in two matches of the 1930 tournament, he played in all four matches of Wales's Championship winning 1932 campaign. Morley scored in all but one of the matches, surprisingly the game he failed to score was against France, when Wales were rampant and his team mates scored seven tries. Morley was capped 14 times for Wales and his final game was against Ireland at the Cardiff Arms Park in 1932. He would probably have been chosen for future teams as he was still a young exciting player, but his decision to join a professional league side made him ineligible for future Welsh games.
International matches played under union code.
Wales
British Lions
International matches played under league code.
Great Britain
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19113912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113912" title="Joshua Mar Ignathios">
Joshua Mar Ignathios

Dr. Joshua Mar Ignathios (born 24 May 1950) is the Metropolitan Bishop of the Eparchy of Mavelikkara of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church in the state of Kerala, India.
Early life.
He was born at Kottarakara, Kollam district as the son of Kizhakkevettil Oommen Varghese and Polachirackal Annamma Varghese. He had his primary education at the St. Mary’s School, Kizhaketheruvu, and he completed his secondary education at the Government High School, Kottarakkara, in 1967.
Training and ordination.
He joined St. Aloysius Seminary, Trivandrum, in 1967, and completed his pre-degree at Mar Ivanios College, Trivandrum. He had his philosophy and theology training at St. Joseph’s Seminary, Tiruchirappalli, Tamil Nadu, from 1970–78. He was ordained as a priest on 2 April 1978 by the Metropolitan Archbishop Benedict Mar Gregorios. He served in the parishes at Kirathoor, Manjathoppu, Vimalapuram, add Susaipuram from 1978 to 1983. He graduated from Christian College, Marthandom, Tamil Nadu, and secured his master’s degree from Madurai Kamaraj University, Tamil Nadu, in 1984. He took Bachelor’s and Master’s Degrees in Education from Kamaraj University, Madurai in 1985 and 1987 respectively.
He did research on "Leadership, Organizational Health with School Effectiveness" in Stella Matituna College of Education, Chennai and obtained a Doctorate from the University of Madras in 2000. Br Publishing Corporation published his doctoral thesis, "School Effectiveness Through Leadership Style & Organizational Health" in 2003.
Mission work.
He was appointed vicar of the mission stations at Padi, Perampur, and Thiruvottiyoor in Chennai in 1983. He started the Mar Ivanios Dispensary and founded the Sacred Heart School, serving as its principal from its inception. In 1994, he established the Mar Gregorios College and served as its local manager until 1996.
Appointed and elected offices.
In May 1996 he was appointed Vicar General of the Archieparchy of Trivandrum. He was made Corepiscopo in 1997. On 15 April 1998 he was appointed the Auxiliary Bishop of the Archieparchy of Trivandrum by Pope John Paul II. Metropolitan Archbishop Cyril Mar Baselios ordained him bishop with the name Joshua Mar Ignathios on 29 June 1998.
Metropolitan Mar Ignathios was the Vice Chairman of the Labour Movement of the Kerala Catholic Bishop’s Conference (KCBC) from 1998-2000. He served as its Chairman for 2002–2007. He was elected the Secretary of the KCBC and served the Church of Kerala in this capacity from 2000–2002. In December 2007 he was elected the Vice President of the KCBC. He has held the chairmanship of the Labour Commission of the Catholic Bishop’s Conference of India (CBCI) since 2002.
Dr. Mar Joshua Mar Ignathios became the President of the KCBC due to the demise of its previous president Archbishop Daniel Acharuparambil on 26 October 2009.
The Holy Episcopal Synod of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church elected him the first Metropolitan of the newly erected eparchy of Mavelikkara. The inauguration of the new eparchy and the installation of Mar Ignathios as its Metropolitan took place on 16 February 2007.
Other activities.
Metropolitan Mar Ignathios was an active member of the Nilackal Ecumenical Trust. Along with the Bishops of the Episcopal Churches, He made several ecumenical journeys and visited many international pilgrim centres. He also visited the World Council of Churches centre at Geneva and attended an international conference organized by that group, and has attended other international conferences organized by the CBCI and the Holy See.

</doc>
<doc id="19113925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113925" title="Jonathan Dickinson (disambiguation)">
Jonathan Dickinson (disambiguation)

Jonathan Dickinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19113936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113936" title="National Library of Latvia">
National Library of Latvia

The National Library of Latvia (NLL) () is the legal deposit library for Latvia. It holds 4.1 million books and other publications in more than 50 languages, covering all branches of knowledge and including special collections of rare books, manuscripts, periodicals, and more. The Director of the NLL is Andris Vilks.
History.
The National Library of Latvia was formed in 1919 after the independent Republic of Latvia was proclaimed in 1918. The first supervisor of the Library was Jānis Misiņš, a librarian and the founder of the Latvian scientific bibliography (1862–1945).
Today the Library plays an important role in the development of Latvia's information society, providing Internet access to residents and supporting research and lifelong education.
Collections.
One of the characteristic cornerstones of the NLL, which characterizes every national library, is the formation of the collection of national literature, its eternal storage and long-term access.
The NLL is a centre of theoretical research and practical analyses of the activities of Latvian libraries. The Library carries out the functions of the centre of Latvia Interlibrary Loan, ensures the library and information service to the Parliament of the Republic of Latvia - the Saeima, implements the standardisation of the branch. Since the very outset, its main concern has been the national bibliography. The massive union catalogue “Ancient Prints in Latvian 1525 -1855 ”(published in Riga, 1999), received Spīdola Prize in 2000 and was awarded “The Beautiful Book of the Year 99”.
In 2005 “The Index of the Authors of Letonica Books (1523-1919)” was published, providing information about versatile branches of science and representatives of various nations, Latvia being the main focus of their publications.
The NLL includes several collections of posters (artists Oskars Šteinbergs (1882–1937), Sigismuds Vidbergs (1890–1970), Raoul Dufy (1877–1953), Bernhard Borchert (1863–1945), Niklavs Strunke (1894–1966) and others).
Letonica.
Digitising collections at the NLL started in 1999. At present the Latvian National Digital Library Letonica, which was formed in 2006, holds digitized collections of newspapers, pictures, maps, books, sheet-music and audio recordings. In 2008 NLL launched two major digital projects. Periodika.lv is the NLL's collection of digitized historical periodicals in Latvian with the possibility to read full texts and search page by page.
Latvia has a tradition of Song and Dance Festivals organized every four years. The historical materials from the first Song Festival in 1864 till the Latgale Song Festival in 1940 can be explored in another digital collection of the National Library of Latvia.
New building.
On May 15, 2008, after discussions lasting for many years, the state agency Three New Brothers and The Union of National Construction Companies signed the contract on the construction of the new National Library of Latvia. One of the notable architects is Gunārs Birkerts. It will open its doors to visitors in 2014. The first discussions about the need for a new National Library had already started in 1928, and the significance of the project of this century was further confirmed by the high-level international recognition. In 1999 almost all 170 UNESCO member states during its General Conference adopted a resolution, calling the member states and the international community to ensure all possible support for the implementation of the NLL project.

</doc>
<doc id="19113950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113950" title="Alan Morris (footballer)">
Alan Morris (footballer)

Alan Morris (15 July 1954 – 31 December 1998) was an English footballer. He made an appearance in The Football League for Chester and also played at Wembley Stadium for Bangor City. He played as either a midfielder or striker.
Playing career.
Morris was born in Chester. As a youngster, he made his first–team debut for Chester in a Welsh Cup tie against Oswestry Town at Sealand Road in 1974–75, as the club rested several of its regular players. He then dropped into non–league football, finishing as Caernarfon Town's leading scorer in 1981–82.
Morris then had a spell with Bangor City during 1983–84 in the Alliance Premier League. The season ended with him playing at Wembley alongside fellow former Chester players Ian Howat and Peter Sutcliffe as Bangor drew 1–1 with Northwich Victoria in the final of the FA Trophy before losing the replay at Stoke.
Morris returned to Chester in the summer of 1984 and he made a belated Football League debut at the age of 30 as a substitute against Colchester United. This proved to be his only appearance in his second spell at Chester and he returned to Bangor. He was also heavily involved in local league football in Chester and worked as a stonemason at Chester Cathedral. He died in Chester.

</doc>
<doc id="19113965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113965" title="Callum Kennedy">
Callum Kennedy

Callum Ewan Kennedy (born 9 November 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays for AFC Wimbledon as a defender.
Career.
Swindon Town.
Born in Chertsey, Surrey, Kennedy made his professional debut for Swindon Town at home to Brentford, in a 4–1 win in the Football League Trophy on 4 September 2007. Kennedy signed an eighteen month professional contract with Swindon in February 2008 before being made captain of the reserve team. He was handed his Football League debut by caretaker manager David Byrne in a 1–1 draw at home to Carlisle United on 6 December 2008. He played 82 minutes before being substituted for Kevin Amankwaah. Kennedy started the next two games as well, a 1–0 away loss to Crewe Alexandra on 13 December 2008 which saw Kennedy play the full match, and a 3–2 home loss to Yeovil Town on 20 December 2008 where he played for 83 minutes before being substituted for Blair Sturrock. Kennedy did well in the three matches he played and signed a new one year deal in February 2009. He made one more appearance during the 2008–09 season, an away loss to Yeovil, when he came on as a substitute after 24 minutes and played in an unfamiliar left midfield position after an injury to Hal Robson-Kanu.
Kennedy continued to be on the fringes of the first team at the start of the 2009–10 season, coming on as a substitute in 3 of the opening 4 games before playing the entire League Cup second round game at Premier League side Wolverhampton Wanderers. 4 games later Kennedy came on as a second half substitute against Walsall and put in an impressive performance that boosted his hopes of getting a starting place in the first team. He got his wish and started 4 of the following 5 games, however he missed the next two games before returning to the starting line-up in a FA Cup first round game at home to Woking that ended in a 1–0 win for Swindon.
He returned from injury in mid August 2010 claiming he was ready for Swindon's first team and got himself back onto the fringes of the first team. After coming on against Brentford on 21 August, he started three consecutive games, all of which ended in clean sheets for Swindon, with two victories. Whilst at Gillingham Kennedy made 3 appearances against Crewe, Oxford United and Barnet. After the loan spell was completed, he returned to Swindon and signed a one year extension to his contract. Still unable to break into the Swindon first team, Kennedy went out on loan again, this time to Rotherham United on an initial month loan on 11 February 2011. The deal was extended to the end of the season on 16 March. His spell with Rotherham got off to a bad start when he was sent off in his debut for the club against Oxford United when he brought down Steve MacLean in the box, who scored the subsequent penalty to give Oxford a 2–1 victory. In total Kennedy made 5 appearances for Rotherham.
By the time Kennedy returned to the County Ground Swindon had been relegated to League Two and had a new manager in Paolo di Canio who made Kennedy his first choice left back. He scored his first career goal and Swindon's first of the 2011–12 season during the opening game of the season against Crewe. The goal was a penalty following a foul on Billy Bodin by Adam Dugdale. The game ended in a 3–0 win for Swindon. Kennedy went on to start the first thirteen matches of the new campaign. As a result Kennedy was dropped from the first team, only appearing in the 4–1 FA Cup win over Huddersfield in which Ridehalgh was not allowed to play. It wasn't until the turn of the year when Kennedy again made the starting eleven, appearing in four consecutive victories, After appearing in a big 4–1 win at promotion chasing Southend and then helping Swindon to the 2012 Football League Trophy Final the following week, Kennedy made just two more starts over the next two months as during the build up to the Wembley final, di Canio signed Jay McEveley on loan from Barnsley and thrust him straight into the starting eleven. Kennedy was to make just one more appearance for Swindon, in a 2–1 defeat at Aldershot Town in a game where a point would have sealed promotion. Even though Swindon won the League Two title, Kennedy was released on 18 May 2012 after his contract was not going to be renewed and he left with four other Swindon players.
Scunthorpe United.
Following his release from Swindon Town, Kennedy attracted interest from Scunthorpe United, Yeovil and Crewe. It was League One side Scunthorpe who won the race to sign Kennedy when the 23-year-old joined the club on 20 June 2012. Kennedy spent one season with "The Iron", making 18 appearances in all competitions, starting 12 of the games, but didn't play for the club after a 3-0 loss at Yeovil on 16 February 2013, a game were Kennedy played 83 minutes before being substituted for Eddie Nolan. Kennedy's stay at Scunthorpe came to an end by mutual consent.
AFC Wimbledon.
On 4 July 2013, Kennedy joined League Two side AFC Wimbledon on a free transfer. He was given the number 3 shirt for the forthcoming 2013–14 season.
Honours.
Swindon Town

</doc>
<doc id="19113985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113985" title="Ioane-Zosime">
Ioane-Zosime

Ioane-Zosime (, also rendered as John-Zosimos or John-Zosimus) was the 10th century Georgian Christian monk, religious writer and calligrapher known for his liturgical compilations and the hymns dedicated to the Georgian language. 
Biographical details on Ioane-Zosime are scarce beyond the fact that he was one of the numerous expatriate Georgian clerics active at the monastery of Mar Saba in Palestine from where he moved, probably fleeing the Arab rule, to Mount Sinai early in the 970s. His voluminous body of work dates from between 949 and 987. Of the three surviving manuscripts of Ioane-Zosime's Mar-Saba period, two – the collections of hymns of 949 and 954 – are the most important. On Mt. Sinai, Ioane-Zosime principally engaged in bookbinding, collating and copying. In his hymnographic compilations and chronologic treatises, Ioane-Zosime provides a detailed list of sources as well as an encyclopedically organized calendar of saint’s feast days and the chronology of the Georgian liturgy. He also collected obsolete texts which he frequently cites, comparing usage in different ecclesiastical centers and distinguishing Georgian from Greek sources. One of his anthologies of chants ends with Ioane-Zosime’s "testament" written as an elaborate acrostic hymn in which reading the first and last letter of each stanza gives us the name of St. George.
Ioane-Zosime's best known hymn is "Praise and Exaltation of the Georgian Language" (ქებაჲ და დიდებაჲ ქართულისა ენისაჲ; "kebay da didebay kartulisa enisay"), a mystic poem, full of numerological symbolism and biblical allusions, viewing the author’s native tongue as esoteric, juxtaposing Georgian with Greek – the official language of the Byzantine Empire – and claiming a unique, sacred role for it. Furthermore, Ioane-Zosime imbues the Georgian language with religious connotation as the tongue to be used on the Judgment Day.

</doc>
<doc id="19113994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113994" title="Payback (loyalty card)">
Payback (loyalty card)

Payback is a loyalty program scheme launched in 2000 by Metro AG in Germany and has the largest market share. It had a turnover of 190 Million Euros in 2007. In 2000, Payback was awarded the Big Brother Award in category business and finance.
In 2010, I-mint, India's leading rewards programme was taken over by Payback and as of 1 Jul 2011, I-mint has been rebranded as Payback India, thus formally launching this loyalty programme in India.
Payback launched in Poland in September 2009. Payback Mexico launched in 2012.
In Italy, Payback launched in 2014, replacing existing loyalty programs such as ESSO's "Extras" and Carrefour's "SpesAmica".

</doc>
<doc id="19114005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114005" title="Paul Emile Chappuis">
Paul Emile Chappuis

Paul Emile Chappuis (1816-1887) was a photographer, an inventor and manufacturer of daylight reflectors .
Born in Paris 1816, Chappuis moved to London where he ran a photographic studio at 69 Fleet Street between 1859 and 1871.
He also patented different types of light reflector that would allow natural light into buildings that would otherwise require gaslights during daytime. 
He set up a company to manufacture reflectors in 1856 on the basis of his 1853 and 1855 patents for different types of reflector: myriastratic or diamond-shaped, silver fluted glass, argento-crystal, and luminarium reflector. 
He was declared bankrupt in 1859, and briefly imprisoned for debt.
However his business recovered, and was reformed as a limited company in 1868.
He died at Brixton on 20 May 1887 and was buried at West Norwood Cemetery.
Chappuis' firm continued manufacturing reflectors in London until the factory was destroyed by bombing in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19114012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114012" title="Ursell number">
Ursell number

In fluid dynamics, the Ursell number indicates the nonlinearity of long surface gravity waves on a fluid layer. This dimensionless parameter is named after Fritz Ursell, who discussed its significance in 1953.
The Ursell number is derived from the Stokes wave expansion, a perturbation series for nonlinear periodic waves, in the long-wave limit of shallow water — when the wavelength is much larger than the water depth. Then the Ursell number "U" is defined as:
which is, apart from a constant 3 / (32 π2), the ratio of the amplitudes of the second-order to the first-order term in the free surface elevation.
The used parameters are:
So the Ursell parameter "U" is the relative wave height "H" / "h" times the relative wavelength "λ" / "h" squared.
For long waves ("λ" ≫ "h") with small Ursell number, "U" ≪ 32 π2 / 3 ≈ 100, linear wave theory is applicable. Otherwise (and most often) a non-linear theory for fairly long waves ("λ" > 7 "h") — like the Korteweg–de Vries equation or Boussinesq equations — has to be used.
The parameter, with different normalisation, was already introduced by George Gabriel Stokes in his historical paper on surface gravity waves of 1847.

</doc>
<doc id="19114024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114024" title="Lyudmil Nikolov">
Lyudmil Nikolov

Lyudmil Nikolov () (born 27 August 1984) is a Bulgarian football player, who plays for Brestnik 1948 as a defender. Nikolov is a right and central defender. 
Career.
His first club is a Maritsa Plovdiv. Between 2005 and 2008 he played in Spartak Plovdiv. Nikolov signed a 3 years deal with Lokomotiv Plovdiv after being released from Spartak Plovdiv in 2008. In his first season in Lokomotiv, Nikolov earned 12 appearances playing in the A PFG.

</doc>
<doc id="19114040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114040" title="Outline of libertarianism">
Outline of libertarianism

Libertarianism (Latin: "liber", "free") Libertarians advocate a society with a greatly reduced state or no state at all.
The "Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy" defines libertarianism as the moral view that agents initially fully own themselves and have certain moral powers to acquire property rights in external things. Libertarian philosopher Roderick Long defines libertarianism as "any political position that advocates a radical redistribution of power from the coercive state to voluntary associations of free individuals", whether "voluntary association" takes the form of the free market or of communal co-operatives. According to the U.S. Libertarian Party, libertarianism is the advocacy of a government that is funded voluntarily and limited to protecting individuals from coercion and violence.
Libertarian schools of thought differ over the degree to which the state should have a role. Anarchist schools advocate complete elimination of the state. Minarchist schools advocate a state which is limited to protecting its citizens from aggression, theft, breach of contract, and fraud. Some schools accept government assistance for the poor. Additionally, some schools are supportive of private property rights in the ownership of unappropriated land and natural resources while others reject such private ownership and often support common ownership instead (Libertarian socialism). Anarcho-capitalism, however, rejects collectivism and statutory law while embracing free and competitive markets in all services – including law and civil defense.
Some political scholars assert that in most countries the terms "libertarian" and "libertarianism" are synonymous with anarchism, and some express disapproval of capitalists calling themselves libertarians. Conversely, other academics as well as proponents of the free market perspectives argue that free-market libertarianism has been successfully propagated beyond the U.S. since the 1970s via think tanks and political parties and that "libertarianism" is increasingly viewed worldwide as a free market position. Likewise, many libertarian capitalists disapprove of socialists calling themselves "libertarian." 
In the United States, where the meaning of liberalism has departed significantly from classical liberalism, classical liberalism has largely been renamed libertarianism and is associated with "economically conservative" and "socially liberal" political views (going by the common meanings of "conservative" and "liberal" in the United States), along with a foreign policy of non-interventionism.
Branches of libertarianism.
Schools of libertarian thought.
Libertarianism has many overlapping schools of thought, all focused on smaller government and greater individual responsibility. As interpretations of the guiding Non-Aggression Principle vary, some libertarian schools of thought promote the total abolition of government, while others promote a smaller government which does not initiate force. Some seek private ownership of all property and natural resources, others promote communal ownership of all natural resources and varying degrees of private property.
Libertarian theory and politics.
Libertarian ideals.
These are concepts which, although not necessarily exclusive to libertarianism, are significant in historical and modern libertarian circles.

</doc>
<doc id="19114043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114043" title="Awa-Ikeda Station">
Awa-Ikeda Station

Lines.
Awa-Ikeda Station is served by the following two lines.
Station layout.
The station has two island platforms and one side platform, serving a total of five tracks. It has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
History.
The station opened on 25 March 1928. With the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR Shikoku.

</doc>
<doc id="19114053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114053" title="Asterina phylactica">
Asterina phylactica

Asterina phylactica is a species of sea star. It can be found in geographically widespread sites around the British Isles and in the Mediterranean Sea. It has five arms, is about 1.5 cm across and is of a green colour with central brown markings. The species was formally described in 1979 and is very similar to "Asterina gibbosa".
Description.
"Asterina phylactica" is a pentagonal starfish with short blunt arms and a flattened shape. It grows to a diameter of about and is olive-green with a central brown star-shaped marking, a pale underside, and a clear cut edge between the upper and lower surfaces. It can be distinguished from the closely related "Asterina gibbosa" by the fact that it has fewer plates surrounding its mouth, its smaller size and its characteristic colouring. At one time the two were believed to be the same species but it was realised in 1979 that besides the differences in appearance, the two occupied different ecological niches and had different reproductive methods.
Distribution and habitat.
"Asterina phylactica" is native to the northwestern Atlantic, the Mediterranean and Adriatic Seas. Around the British Isles, "Asterina phylactica" is found around the south-west coasts but also occurs on the west coasts of Scotland and north-west Ireland. In Wales, the typical habitat for this species is rock pools on exposed coasts with much encrusting coralline algae. It is a tolerant species and able to adapt to a range of different salinities and temperatures.
Biology.
"Asterina phylactica" feeds on the film of bacteria and diatoms that exists on the surface of rocks. To do this it everts its stomach and presses it against the rock before secreting digestive enzymes. In their first year, individuals of "Asterina phylactica" are all males but in the following year they become hermaphrodite and produce both sperm and eggs. The breeding season is late spring and several individuals come together in a group. Sperm is liberated into the sea and the eggs are fertilised. The developing embryos are retained under the starfish where they are brooded for about three weeks. The eggs have direct development and metamorphose into juvenile starfish which crawl out from under their mother and disperse. The lifespan is probably about two years as females normally die after they have brooded their young.

</doc>
<doc id="19114123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114123" title="Hjalmar Winbladh">
Hjalmar Winbladh

Hjalmar Winbladh is a serial entrepreneur based in Sweden. His latest Wrapp, recently launched in Sweden, offering a new take on social and mobile gifting. The company will reportedly soon launch in the U.S., U.K., and across Europe.
In January 2012 Wrapp closed its Series A funding from Atomico, Greylock Partners and the Nordic VC firm Creandum. Niklas Zennström (Skype) and Reid Hoffman (LinkedIn) joined Wrapp’s board of directors.
Prior to Wrapp, Winbladh co-founded and was the CEO of Rebtel, which identifies itself the world’s largest independent mobile Voice over IP company, where he still serves as chairman. 
In 1994 Winbladh co-founded and was the CEO of Sendit AB, the first mobile Internet company, which Microsoft acquired in 1999.
Today, Winbaldh serves as an advisor to EQT Partners and Creandum, is a member of the board at Springer Science+Business Media, and an angel investor in iZettle and EpidemicSound.
Hjalmar Winbladh was one of the guests at Startup Grind Stockholm in 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19114124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114124" title="C.D. Petrotela">
C.D. Petrotela

Club Deportivo Petrotela was a Honduran football team based in Tela, Atlántida.
History.
Tela Timsa.
They played in the top division in Honduran football for the first time in the 1985-86 season using the name of "Tela Timsa". The club was relegated one year later and returned in 1990-91.
One season later Henry Arévalo, a business man, bought the club's franchise and changed its name to Petrotela, obtaining the second place that same year. However they were relegated again next season as most of their games were played at other team's soil.
Achievements.
Domestic

</doc>
<doc id="19114125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114125" title="Terry Gornell">
Terry Gornell

Terence Michael Gornell (born 16 December 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Cheltenham Town.
Career.
Born in Liverpool, Gornell made his début for Tranmere Rovers, coming on as a substitute in the 82nd minute, away to Grimsby Town, in the 2–0 defeat in the League Cup on 12 August 2008. He went on loan to Accrington Stanley in 2008, where he scored four goals in 11 Football League games before returning to Tranmere. He scored his first Tranmere Rovers goal against Milton Keynes Dons.
On 27 August 2010, Gornell signed on a free transfer for Accrington Stanley.
On 4 July 2011, Gornell was named as a Shrewsbury Town player after agreeing terms with the club, however negoiations remain ongoing with the fee that Accrington will receive from Shrewsbury for the striker.
Gornell agreed terms with and transferred to Shrewsbury Town on 5 July 2011. He scored his first goal as a Shrewsbury Town player in a 1–1 draw with Burton Albion on 13 August 2011.
On 9 November 2012, Gornell signed for Rochdale on a one-month loan deal. He made his debut the following day, in a 2–1 win against Wycombe Wanderers.
On 10 January 2013, Gornell signed for Rochdale permanently. He was subsequently released at the end of the 2012–13 season.
On 12 July 2013, Gornell signed for Cheltenham Town on a two-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="19114126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114126" title="His Lyrics Are Disastrous (song)">
His Lyrics Are Disastrous (song)

"His Lyrics Are Disastrous" is Jakobínarína's last single from their only album The First Crusade. It was released on CD and 7" vinyl. The vinyl is numbered from 1 to 1000 in a fold out poster sleeve. The CD version also includes a fold out poster. A promo CD was also released with the band's drummer on the cover. That version only featured His Lyrics Are Disastrous.

</doc>
<doc id="19114151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114151" title="Indonesian Unity Party">
Indonesian Unity Party

The Indonesian Unity Party () is a political party in Indonesia. 
It has its origins in an August 2002 meeting of 15 political parties that had failed to reach the electoral threshold in the 1999 legislative election to qualify for the subsequent election. The idea was that the parties would band together to establish a new party. However, this proved impossible because of differences such as religion and ideologies. Three parties soon dropped out, then another two but driven by the desire to take part in the next election, the remaining ten formed an alliance. By the time the Bogor Political Memorandum was signed on 24 November 2002 only eight parties remained. The following month, the new party was founded.
In the 2004 legislative election, the Indonesian Unity Party won 0.6% of the popular vote and no seats. After initially failing to qualify, following a lawsuit, the party won the right to contest the 2009 elections, in which it won only 0.14 percent of the vote and no seats. 

</doc>
<doc id="19114159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114159" title="Konex chess tournament">
Konex chess tournament

The first Konex Master Chess Tournament organized by the founder and president of the Konex Foundation, Luis Ovsejevich, started off in Buenos Aires in 1977. The foundation sponsored Marcelo Tempone, World Chess Champion Junior, for further training and so as to participate in international tournaments (1979-1980), the Argentine Team to the Olympiads for players under 26, held at Mexico City 1980, the Argentine Chess Team, to the First World Chess Championship for Teams, held in Lucerne, Switzerland, in 1985, Hugo Hernán Spangenberg (13 years old) in the Infant World Chess Championship, at Puerto Rico 1989, and the participation of the Argentine and South American (Female) Champion Claudia Amura in the Inter-Zone Chess Tournament in Moscow, Russia, in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19114169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114169" title="Newcastle Grammar School">
Newcastle Grammar School

Newcastle Grammar School is an independent, co-educational, non-selective, non-denominational, Anglican-affiliated day school in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia.
Established in 1859 as the Newcastle Boys' Grammar School, the school has a non-selective enrolment policy and currently caters for slightly over 800 students from Pre-school to Year 12. Students attend Newcastle Grammar School from all over the Hunter Region, with a small contingent from country New South Wales and overseas.
Newcastle Grammar is affiliated with the Anglican Diocese of Newcastle, the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia (AHISA), the Junior School Heads Association of Australia (JSHAA), the Association of Independent Schools of New South Wales (AISNSW) and Hunter Region Independent Schools (HRIS).
History.
Established in 1859, Newcastle Grammar has links to the earliest days of Anglican education in the city, beginning in 1816 when convict Henry Wrensford taught thirty-eight children in a small room in Christ Church, on the site of today's Cathedral. Newcastle Boys' Grammar School opened on the present site in 1859, the same year that the school's current administration building, Berkeley House, was opened. The school operated until 1902.
Newcastle Church of England Girls' Grammar School was officially opened on 22 July 1918 with an enrolment of 56 girls. It was relocated to Morpeth for the period 7 June 1942 until some time in 1943, due to the Second World War. The control and administration of the school was given to the Pittwater House Schools in 1976, and Pittwater House administered it until the end of 1991. In this time, enrolments grew from 170 students to 600. In 1978, boys were once again enrolled at the school.
At the beginning of 1992, the school's senior administration was returned to Newcastle, and the school is now operated by Newcastle Grammar School Limited, a non-profit company limited by guarantee. Newcastle Grammar School maintains strong links with the Anglican Church.
Campuses.
Newcastle Grammar School comprises three campuses.
Park Campus – Cooks Hill (Pre-School – Year 4).
Located from the Hill Campus, the Junior School at Park Campus features a library, music room and computer rooms. The Sandi Warren Performance Centre is used for musical and dramatic productions, assemblies, physical education lessons, lectures and dinners.
Hill Campus – The Hill (Years 5 – 12).
In late 2005, following approval from the Newcastle City Council, Newcastle Grammar School embarked on a $10.5 million building project. Named Holland House, Stage I opened in 2007 with Technological and Applied Studies facilities, computer laboratories and spaces for the Service and Adventure Training Unit, Maintenance and English, History and Drama departments.
Stage II opened in August 2007, and Holland Building was officially opened in February 2008. Stage II features facilities for Drama, Physical Education, Library, Visual Arts Centre, change rooms, a second stage of computer laboratories, a Year 12 common room, staff common room, general classrooms and a student terrace.
Howzat Sports and Fitness Centre – Cooks Hill (Sporting Complex).
Howzat Sports and Fitness Centre was purchased by the school in 2000. It is a 10,000 square metre facility with indoor sports courts for basketball, soccer, netball, cricket and beach volleyball, and a fully equipped gym.
Christ Church Cathedral.
The neighbouring Christ Church Cathedral serves as the chapel for students at the Hill Campus, in addition to being a venue for events such as periodic eucharists, dedication and induction of student leaders, Founders Day, the Year 12 Valedictory, ANZAC Day, Remembrance Day and Carol Services.
Today.
Newcastle Grammar School is a medium-sized school with over 800 students spread over two city campuses. It consistently performs well in external examinations, including the School Certificate and Higher School Certificate. According to the recently launched My School website, at the primary level Newcastle Grammar was ranked 32nd in the State overall. At the secondary level Newcastle Grammar was ranked 41st in the State overall, 48th in the State in Writing and 34th in the State in Reading .
It offers Academic Scholarships for students entering Years 5 to 11, Music Scholarships for students entering Years 5, 7 and 11 and Visual Arts scholarships for students entering Years 9 and 11. Scholarships come in the form of remission of school fees and the provision of academic scholarships are based on financial need and examination results administered by the Australian Council for Educational Research, reviewed on an annual basis. In practice, however, a student will retain their scholarship for the duration of their education at the school. To celebrate the 90th anniversary of the Newcastle Church of England Girls' Grammar School and the 150th anniversary of the founding of Newcastle Boys' Grammar School, it was decided that a number of Anniversary Scholarships would be offered to students entering Year 4 at Newcastle Grammar School in 2009, with selection criteria based on academic merit and all-round achievement. In 2010, it was announced that the school would be offering a number of 'Building Foundations' Scholarships for students entering Year 3 or Year 4 in 2011, to celebrate recent improvements in school buildings.
In the 2010 Higher School Certificate, Newcastle Grammar School was ranked 55th in the State, and the top non-selective school in the Hunter Region. 50% of students received an ATAR over 88, and 92% of students received an ATAR over 60. 1 student obtained an ATAR of 99.45. One student was nominated for ENCORE, two students' artworks were selected for ArtExpress and three students were nominated for the DesignTech Exhibition in 2011. One student came first in the State in Music 1, and one student came third in the State in Geography. Newcastle Grammar School had 98 mentions on the Distinguished Achievers' List.
In the 2009 Higher School Certificate, Newcastle Grammar School was ranked 46th in the State, and the top non-selective school in the Hunter Region. 45% of students received an ATAR over 90, and 93% of students received an ATAR over 60. Four students obtained an ATAR over 99, with the top ATAR of 99.65. Seven students were on the All-Round Achievers' List (over 90% in 10 or more units), one student was selected to perform at ENCORE, two students' artworks were selected for ArtExpress and one student selected to perform at Callback. One student came eleventh in the State in Ancient History. Newcastle Grammar School had 126 mentions on the Distinguished Achievers' List.
In late 2007, Newcastle Grammar School, in collaboration with World Vision Australia, embarked on a three-year fundraising scheme to raise $150,000 in order to fund the construction of a school in Farkwa, Tanzania, comprising three boarding houses (two for girls and one for boys). Funds have been raised by various means, including sponsorships, donations, raffles, barbecues, sale of t-shirts, recycling old and unused mobile phones, a film night and dinners. Fundraising was successfully concluded in late 2010. A cultural exchange group consisting of two teachers and eight students travelled to Farkwa in January 2010.
Co-curricular and extra-curricular activities.
Students are required to take part in a variety of co-curricular activities, including Musical Groups, Debating, Drama Productions, Tournament of Minds, Mock Trial, Camping, Young Achievers, Lions Youth of the Year Quest, Duke of Edinburgh Scheme, Service and Adventure Training Unit and various team sports. Students are involved in community service and support charities in their work. Students are expected to participate in a minimum of one co-curricular activity from Years 5 to 12.
Public speaking and debating.
Middle School students can participate in inter-house debating in Years 6, 7 and 8, culminating in the finals on Founders' Day. Senior School students can also participate in inter-house debating in either the Junior Debating Competition (Years 9 and 10) or the Senior Debating Competition (Years 11 and 12).
An annual school tradition is the fielding of a team of Year 10 or 11 students to debate against the Newcastle Rotary Club. In 2007, a team of Year 11 students opposed the Newcastle Rotary Club to debate the topic "A bee in the bonnet is better than a chip on the shoulder", and were adjudicated by the New South Wales Minister for Tourism, the Hunter, Science and Medical Research and Women, Jodi McKay.
At the representative level, students participate in HRIS (Hunter Region Independent Schools) Debating and Chapman Cup HICES (Head of Independent Co-Educational Schools) Debating, debating various independent schools in the Hunter Region and New South Wales, including Bishop Tyrrell Anglican College, Lakes Anglican Grammar School, Central Coast Grammar School, Hunter Region Grammar School, Arden Anglican School and International Grammar School.
For the first time in 2008, Newcastle Grammar School students sponsored by Newcastle Sunrise Rotary Club, participated in a Model United Nations Assembly (MUNA) Debate, hosted by Muswellbrook Rotary Club.
In addition, in 2008, two students for the junior division and two students in the senior division, participated in the Rostrum "Voice of Youth" Public Speaking Competition, opposing schools including St. Paul's High School, Merewether High School and St Francis Xavier College. In 2009, the school fielded three students for the competition, with one gaining second place and progressing to the Regional Round of the competition.
Other public speaking competitions in which students have been involved in recent years include the Lions Youth of the Year Quest and Sydney Morning Herald Plain English Speaking competitions. In 2008, a Newcastle Grammar School student reached the state finals of the Sydney Morning Herald Plain Speaking Competition, while in 2009 at the regional finals, the only students to be awarded High Distinctions by the adjudicators were from Newcastle Grammar School.
In 2009, Newcastle Grammar School hosted the Newcastle round of The United Nations Youth Association of NSW Junior Public Speaking Competition. In March 2010, Newcastle Grammar School hosted the UNYA (United Nations Youth Association) public speaking competition, The Perez de Cuellar Shield, one of NSW's premier senior school debating competitions modelled on sessions from the United Nations Security Council.
Music.
Music is encouraged from an early age and students are given opportunities to try different instruments and styles of music. Music is a compulsory part of the classroom curriculum from Kindergarten to Year 8, and is offered as an elective subject from Years 9 to 12. An annual camp is held away from the school for all students (Years 7–12) who are part of a music group or choir. This gives them an enjoyable opportunity to devote time to making music. There are opportunities to perform at functions both in and outside the School, including the Newcastle Show and at Christ Church Cathedral. The senior and junior jazz bands, "Brass Razoo" and "Bamboozle" are made up of musicians from Years 7 to 12. In 2007, Brass Razoo competed in the Aurora Festival in Christchurch, New Zealand, and were the only competitors to win a Gold Award. In 2008, the Newcastle Grammar School Chamber Ensemble travelled to China, participating in four school exchanges and two public concerts, as well as touring local sights. In 2011, a group of forty students traveled to China and performed at numerous schools and venues including Hong Kong Disneyland. The tour was in lieu of the Japan Tour due to the Japan Earthquake. In 2009, a cellist with the Newcastle Grammar School String Orchestra was admitted into the prestigious Australian Youth Orchestra.
Junior School students are all involved in class music lessons for thirty minutes every week. Choirs from the Junior School perform regularly at major school calendar events. Variety Night is an evening featuring music items from all students at Junior School. End of term assemblies, an Easter breakfast, Founders' Day and Grandparents' Day all provide opportunities for students to perform.
As part of the middle school curriculum, all students in Year 5 and 6 have weekly music lessons and are involved in a Wind and Brass programme where they have an opportunity to try an instrument for a year. Keyboard classes are offered as part of the curriculum to all Year 7 students. In Year 8, the practical component entails learning the guitar.
Students from Year 10 produce an annual musical. Many different productions have been performed over the years, including: Guys and Dolls", "Cabaret", "His Majesty's Pleasure", "Little Shop of Horrors", "The Pyjama Game", "Fame", "Noye's Fludde", "Pippin", "" and "Les Misérables".
Private tuition, including instrumental, voice, or speech and drama, is available to all students enrolled at the school. Private tuition is also available for piano, clarinet, flute, french horn, guitar, oboe, percussion, saxophone, trombone, trumpet, and tuba. Voice tuition and musicianship classes are also available.
Sport.
Sports offered as co-curricular activities by the school include aerobics, hockey, soccer, futsal, touch football, cricket, basketball, netball, tennis, surfing and rowing. Dance was introduced as an extra-curricular activity in 2010.
Service and Adventure Training Unit.
Newcastle Grammar School has an Australian Army Cadet Unit, the Newcastle Grammar School Service and Adventure Training Unit (SATU). SATU is offered as a co-curricular activity for both male and female students from Year 7 Term 4 to Year 12.
The Service and Adventure Training Unit seeks to foster in its members qualities including leadership, discipline, teamwork, initiative, independence, adventure, community service, proficiency in outdoor pursuits and an awareness of the organisation and training methods of the Australian Army.
Regular bivouacs are conducted, including two compulsory weekend camps and a compulsory five-day Annual Camp. At the bivouacs and annual camps, activities include living in the field, navigation activities, abseiling, first aid and radio operating procedures, initiative exercises, use of army facilities such as the Singleton School of Infantry, visits to RAAF Williamtown and administrative practice such as Headquarters and Q-Store duties. Through membership of the SATU, members may also be able to fulfill some of the requirements for the Duke of Edinburgh Award scheme.
Notable events that the Service and Adventure Training Unit are involved include ANZAC Day ceremonies and the Passing Out Parade on Founders Day, when Year 12 cadets are farewelled as they conclude their formal association with the Cadet Unit and prepare for their Higher School Certificate examinations, and the school has an opportunity to observe a military parade.
In 2008, students from Ancient History, Modern History and the Service and Adventure Training Unit travelled through Italy, Belgium and France during the school holidays, participating in a series of commemorative marches and services. This notably included being involved in Australia's First ANZAC Dawn Service in France, at Villers-Bretonneux. In 2010, a History study group travelled during the Easter break through Greece, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates. In June to July next year, a group, including members of the SATU, will be travelling to Papua New Guinea to trek the Kokoda Track.
Robotics.
Robotics was recently introduced as an extra-curricular program at Newcastle Grammar School. In December 2010, a team of 10 students travelled to Macquarie University to participate in the 2010 National Robotics Challenge. Out of 54 participating teams, the school came 34th.
Recent achievements.
Notable extracurricular and co-curricular achievements of Newcastle Grammarians in recent years include the following:
Leadership.
The Senior Leadership Body consists of two school captains (one male, one female), two school vice-captains (one male, one female) and two senior prefects (one male, one female). It is traditional for the school captains to deliver keynote speeches at Speech Day and the Year 12 Graduation, and carry the cross and banner at the Hill Campus ANZAC Day Service and prefect induction. The middle school is led by two "Stewart Council" leaders (one male, one female). A male and female representative are elected to each of Years 5, 6, 7 and 8, who, together with the house captains and Stewart Council leaders form the Stewart Council leadership body. These leaders meet on a fortnightly basis to discuss the organisation of activities pertaining to the middle school.
Captains are appointed for Tyrrell, Shortland, Macquarie and Hunter houses in both the middle and senior schools to facilitate various house activities throughout the year, particularly the swimming and athletics carnivals. House vice-captains are elected early in Year 11 to assist the house captains. Once the house captains depart the school in October, the house vice-captains assume the leadership responsibilities of the house for the remainder of the year. To assist the house vice-captains, four house leaders (2 male, 2 female) are elected from Year 10 in Term 4. Prefects are appointed by the headmaster, in consultation with senior students and staff.
There are also leadership opportunities in the music department, as ensemble leaders for Brass Razoo, Wind Orchestra, String Orchestra, Senior Choir, Chapel Choir and Britten Choir. Two to four senior musicians are appointed to represent the music department in their final year. The Service and Adventure Training Unit also offers those involved various leadership opportunities. The leading student of the SATU is appointed as the Senior Cadet in Year 12. In addition, captains are appointed by the masters/mistresses of the relevant sporting groups in the school, including athletics, swimming, rowing, hockey, touch football and netball.
House system.
Upon entry to the School, each student is allocated, according to age and gender, or family tradition, to one of the four houses:
Houses form the basis for sporting and cultural competitions or interactions within the school, including:
The house system also facilitates the pastoral care programme of the senior school. Students in each house are placed in a single-sex, mixed age group led by one a mentor teacher, and they remain with this group throughout their senior school years. Mentor groups meet twice each week and also sit together in assembly and chapel service. The mentor teacher and house patron work together to encourage and support each student in the House, and the house patron and student leaders are responsible for organising sporting teams for inter-house competitions as well as fund-raising activities, and various inter-house events. Each house is responsible for organising one themed chapel service annually, and sponsoring an activity for the Spring Fair.
Alumni.
Ex-students of Newcastle Grammar School may elect to become life members of Newcastle Grammar School's alumni association, the Newcastle Old Grammarians' Association (NOGA). NOGA presently has about 2500 members.
Notable alumni of the school include:
Entertainment, media and the arts
Suicide incident and alleged culture of bullying.
Newcastle Grammar School received newspaper coverage in October 2012 after a 15-year-old former student committed suicide. His family alleged that there was a culture of bullying at the school and a lack of pastoral support, and they said this had led to the boy's death. The school Headmaster Alan Green said that the school works extremely hard at resolving bullying and relationship issues, but may not always find out about such issues, especially when they involve incidents that happen outside of the school itself.
In February 2013, the bullying issue again became prominent following additional allegations of a culture of tolerating bullying that were raised by current and former teachers and students. The school headmaster acknowledged that there was bullying at the school and that concerns about bullying had been raised in a recent survey, but said there was bullying at every school and denied that the school had a culture of tolerating bullying.

</doc>
<doc id="19114172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114172" title="2009 in British television">
2009 in British television

This is a list of events that took place in 2009 related to British television.

</doc>
<doc id="19114194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114194" title="Dr. Regis Chaperon State Secondary School">
Dr. Regis Chaperon State Secondary School

Dr Regis Chaperon State Secondary School ("commonly known as" DRC) is an all-boys' state owned and Star school in Belle Rose, Mauritius. It serves nearly 1000 students annually and admits only students with all A grade in all subjects in 11+ exams. The school was built with the main purpose of free education and was the first high school to provide free schooling as from its inauguration.
The Founder.
Late Chaperon Louis Régis was born on the 20 July 1912. He attended the Royal College Curepipe and won the English scholarship (modern side) in 1930. The latter then left for UK to study medicine at University College Hospital and was qualified in 1937 and came back in 1939. He was nominated Minister of Education and Cultural Affairs in February 1974.
History.
The plot of land on which the school was built was donated by Dr. Regis Chaperon.
When it opened in 1978 the school catered for pupils up to form II only.
The School was originally founded in 1978 with the other main objective to provide free education. The school had many scholarships winners during its existence before in 2002 when it became a school with only school certificate students which was ordered by that time Minister of education. In 2005 when the new government took over, it became again Higher School Certificate School and since that year there is wait for scholarships winners.However, with the introduction of free secondary education in 1976 and the growth in demand for secondary education, the government decided to upgrade the school and admit students up to form V. H.S.C classes were introduced in 1988 and in 1999 the school produced its first laureate. The school has also achieved creditable results in both the School Certificate and Higher School Certificate over the past few years. The school has, through the years, established itself as a prestigious institution and has earned the esteem of the public through its academic performance. These facts deserve to be highlighted when we consider that Dr Régis Chaperon SSS is a relatively new comer in the field of secondary education. In 1998, an Amnesty and Health Club was founded by the students. Then, in 2000, our first ever school magazine was launched. 
The high school was for mixed students, admitting both boys and girls until the Gaëtan Renald School was declared only girls school.
The school was the first secondary institution to offer free education as it was the first SSS (state secondary school) to open its door. The school is among the best schools of Mauritius just behind Royal College Port Louis(leading secondary school in Mauritius), Queen Elizabeth College, Royal College Curepipe and Dr Maurice Cure College .
Success.
The school was declared as one of the best Mauritian secondary schools in 1998 as it gained recognition when having its first Scholarship winner in Economics field. It raised to stardom in the education hierarchy. The final year results were even better the following years but it regained its recognition when obtaining once more a scholarship winner in 2002 in science field. More recently in February 2009, yet another scholarship winner in the science field. The school has been ranked 5th best secondary school in Mauritius just behind Queen Elizabeth College holding the 1st position and Royal Curepipe, Royal Port Louis and Dr Maurice Cure College.
Back in Race.
In 2008 a new team was appointed, a completely revised and competent administration was chosen to revive the school's performance. A new principal was appointed.
New Ushers were appointed. The whole Administration was completely revised and changed from what it was before.
In April 2008 Mr Nojib was appointed as principal and was asked to remake the school's structure. Mr Nojib was proved right. He was named best principal in the school's all time.
Shortly afterward the school came back in the headlines of the media but this time not as the worst but as the best school.The school had won the fierce battle and came back in race and competition with other schools. It won many awards as SEMDEX Young Investors Award, Green Peace Competition and social environment for the Indian ocean schools where it came first.
Dr Regis Chaperon sss was back. The school organized its award ceremony and also launched its website as well as editing its magazine which was not published for 8 years as the last magazine was issued in 2000.
The Minister of Education assisted the school's award ceremony and with his conferred power declared the ceremony best function in any high school up to now.
Recently.
The school organised its price giving award function and the function was given a good coverage. The school also made progress in terms of informatics by constructing a web site on the internet and also launched its school magazine
The school has an old infrastructure and will be undergoing construction by 2009 to renovate the entire school. Mr R.Patten, Educator teaching Maths, will be retiring. The school does not focus only on laureates but aims at the development of each and every student.

</doc>
<doc id="19114221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114221" title="1971 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles">
1971 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles

Željko Franulović defeated Ilie Năstase 6–3, 7–6, 6–1 to win the 1971 ATP Buenos Aires singles competition. Franulović was the defending champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19114233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114233" title="Rebtel">
Rebtel

Rebtel is a Swedish VoIP company founded in 2006 by Hjalmar Winbladh and Jonas Lindroth. Its services include international calling, messaging and mobile money delivered in apps for Android, iPhone and Windows Phone.
History.
Rebtel’s founder, Hjalmar Winbladh, co-founded and spent 7 years as President and CEO of Sendit AB, taking the firm public before it was acquired by Microsoft for $127.5 million. Rebtel appointed Andreas Bernström, formerly COO of TradeDoubler, as CEO in September 2009. As of December 2013, the company has 75 employees and over 25 million users worldwide.
Products & Services.
Rebtel
Rebtel allows its users to make low-cost or free international calls using its smartphone apps or landlines. Rebtel works on any phone without installing software or an internet connection.
SDK
Rebtel launched an SDK in September 2012, allowing independent developers to integrate voice calling and instant messaging in their apps. The Rebtel SDK currently supports app-to-app communication over data, such as 3G or Wi-Fi and uses the same VoIP backend as Rebtel’s own apps. Developers can decide how to handle user management, ringtones, calling screens and other aspects of the user experience.
Sendly
In December 2013, Rebtel launched Sendly, a new app that lets users top up the prepaid mobile phones of friends and family abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="19114242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114242" title="Real Bella Vista">
Real Bella Vista

Real Bella Vista F.C. is an Honduran football club, based in Limón, Honduras.
History.
They were relegated to Liga Mayor after the 2007/2008 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19114245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114245" title="Greg Nelson">
Greg Nelson

Greg Nelson (born September 10, 1948) is a music producer from Nashville, Tennessee.
Overview and early career.
Nelson was born in Bismarck, North Dakota. He has produced recordings for Christian and theatrical artists including Sandi Patty, Steve Green, Larnelle Harris, Twila Paris, Michael Crawford and Richard Smallwood as well as multiple artist recordings with Amy Grant, Steven Curtis Chapman, Michael W. Smith, CeCe Winans, Graham Kendrick, Jennifer Holliday, Wintley Phipps, Máire Brennan, Kathie Lee Gifford and the American Boychoir.
Nelson headed Spirit Records, a division of Sparrow Records, with artists Benny Hester and Albrecht, Roley and Moore. He went on to co-found Refuge Records in 1980 with Jack Hafer, another Sparrow employee. In addition, he served as the first publishing director for Billy Ray Hearn at Sparrow. As an arranger/orchestrator Nelson composed the "Prelude" to John Michael Talbot's “Last Supper” and later created string arrangements for various gospel and contemporary Christian artists.
Production.
Nelson has produced 13 gold records and 3 platinum records. He has received 20 Dove Awards as well as over 30 nominations. In addition his productions have garnered 7 Grammy Awards and 13 Grammy nominations for Sandi Patty and Larnelle Harris. He has received song, songwriter and publisher awards from Broadcast Music Incorporated (BMI), the Nashville Songwriters Association and the Gospel Music Association. He received a BMI "Special Contribution Award" in appreciation of his many outstanding contributions to the world of Christian music. He was the third recipient of the Gospel Music Association “Impact Award” for his outstanding work and influence in the contemporary Christian music industry. His productions of "The New Young Messiah" and "Emmanuel" have been successful Christmas tours featuring many high-profile Christian artists.
Songwriting.
Nelson, a well-known composer in Christian music, has penned several hymns in "The Celebration Hymnal" and the Baptist Hymnals. "People Need The Lord", written by Phill McHugh and Nelson, is considered a Christian classic . His modern oratorio, "Saviour", co-written with Bob Farrell, continues to tour in the United States, Europe and Russia. "Hallel (A Musical Suite for Chamber Orchestra, Chamber Choir and Soloists)" is his most recent major composition which is orchestrated by Ronn Huff. Greg also co-wrote the #1 Larnelle Harris song 'All Along the Way' with Dan Schafer, from the album 'First Love' that he produced, which reached the No. 1 spot for 5 weeks on the CCM Christian Inspirational chart and No. 6 for the top songs of 1998.
Current work.
Nelson began serving in a dual role at LifeWay Worship in 2004 as an exclusive songwriter and as Creative Supervisor for song and writer development. His work at LifeWay has included recording over 1000 hymns and worship songs for the creation of the 2008 Baptist Hymnal and the associated website. Nelson supervised the production of this recording, the largest recording project ever in Nashville, which took 10 months to complete with five production teams. The "SongMap" technology developed by LifeWay Christian Resources is based on his ideas of song manipulation.

</doc>
<doc id="19114255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114255" title="Marie Ficarra">
Marie Ficarra

Marie Ann Ficarra MLC (born 25 March 1954) is an Australian politician who has been a Liberal Party of Australia member of the New South Wales Legislative Council since 24 March 2007. She was previously a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for the Electoral District of Georges River, but was defeated during the landslide election of 1999. She was the Shadow Minister for the Environment for the New South Wales Opposition.
Representative history.
Ficarra was elected to Hurstville City Council in 1980 to became one of few young women in local government at the time. She was later the Deputy Mayor and then Mayor of Hurstville City and served in these roles for 16 years until 1995. During this time she was elected president and later life member of the Australian Local Government Women's Association. 
Professional history.
Ficarra worked in her early career as a scientist investigating children’s muscular dystrophy. She became state manager for Hoechst Australia's Behring Diagnostics and later general manager of Cytyc Australia for Australia and New Zealand for many years. Cytyc introduced into Australiac new cervical cancer screening technology and other diagnostics applications related to sexual health.
Education.
Ficarra has a BSc (Hons) from the University of Sydney. Following graduation she became a senior tutor at the university in histology and physiology, teaching medical, dental, veterinary science and science students. 
As government affairs adviser to Merck Sharp and Dohme Australia, she assisted in obtaining federal government approval and reimbursement for many vital pharmaceuticals including the cervical cancer vaccine. During that time she was elected for three years to the executive of the NSW Liberal Party of which she has been a member for over 30 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19114259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114259" title="Labor Party (Indonesia)">
Labor Party (Indonesia)

The Labor Party () is a political party in Indonesia. It has its origins in the Indonesian Prosperous Laborers organization (SBSI), which in 1993 threw its support behind the Indonesian Democratic Party (PDI) as a vehicle for its political aspirations. When the PDI split in 1996, it allied itself with the breakaway faction led by Megawati Sukarnoputri, which led to it coming under pressure from the New Order government of president Suharto. On 30 July 1996, SBSI chairman Muchtar Pakpahan was detained on subversion charges. Following the fall of Suharto in 1998, the SBSI became disillusions with Megawati's now renamed Indonesian Democratic Party – Struggle and in 2001 decided to establish its own party, the Social Democrat Labor Party (Partai Buruh Sosial Demokrat). The party stood in the 2004 Indonesian legislative election, but won only 0.6 percent of the vote and no legislative seats. Party chairman However, the party has 12 representatives in provincial assemblies. The party subsequently changed its name to the Labor Party.
After initially failing to qualify, following a lawsuit the party won the right to contest the 2009 elections. However, the party won only 0.25 percent of the vote, less than the 2.5 percent electoral threshold, meaning it was awarded no seats in the People's Representative Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19114264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114264" title="Charlie Barnett (footballer)">
Charlie Barnett (footballer)

Charlie John Barnett (born 19 September 1988) is an English footballer who plays for AFC Telford United.
Career.
In the early days of Barnett's career, he played for Liverpool Youth side, with whom he won the FA Youth Cup in 2006 and 2007, before moving to League One side Tranmere Rovers
Barnett made his début for Tranmere Rovers away to Swindon Town, in the 3–1 defeat in League One on 9 August 2008.
He scored his first goal with a volley in the 1–1 draw to Peterborough United. He then scored a vital goal in the derby against Oldham Athletic, when he volleyed in the opening goal of the game in the 2–0 win for Tranmere. He added a third goal at home to Hereford United in Tranmere's 2-1 win and ended the season having made 33 appearances for the club. On 17 July 2009 he signed a new one-year contract at Tranmere but left the club at the end of the 2009/10 season
In summer 2010 he was on trial with Scottish First Division side Falkirk and assisted one of the goals in the Bairns' 2-1 friendly win over Northwich Victoria, before joining Accrington Stanley on a twelve month contract.
He made his Stanley debut on 7 August 2010 in the opening match of the season against Aldershot.
On 3 August 2013, he featured in a game against West Bromwich Albion for AFC Telford United, which Telford won 2-1. On 7 August 2013 it was announced that Barnett had signed a contract with Telford for the upcoming season. He Scored his first goal for Telford at home to Hednesford which Telford won 5-3 to take them top of the Skrill North.

</doc>
<doc id="19114267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114267" title="Aya Mikami">
Aya Mikami

Aya Mikami (三上彩 "Mikami Aya", born January 27, 1984) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Hisamitsu Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="19114299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114299" title="Wang Jianzhou">
Wang Jianzhou

Wang Jianzhou (; born December 1948 in Wenzhou, Zhejiang), is the former Chairman of China Mobile.
Biography.
Wang did his undergraduate and postgraduate studies both at Zhejiang University (ZJU). Wang received a master degree of industrial management from ZJU in 1985. Wang also obtained a doctorate in business administration from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.
Wang was the Chief Director of the Posts and Telecommunications Bureau of Zhejiang Province in Hangzhou. In 1996, Wang became a director in the Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications of People's Republic of China. 
In 2001, Wang was appointed to be the President of the China Mobile Communications Corporation. In 2012, Wang stepped down "by reason of age".
In January 2013, The GSMA announced that it had appointed Jianzhou as a senior advisor to the firm.

</doc>
<doc id="19114308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114308" title="Independent National Alliance of Angola">
Independent National Alliance of Angola

Independent National Alliance of Angola (ANIA, ) is a political party in Angola. ANIA was founded on April 11, 1995. The party is a member of the coalition New Democracy. It is led by former National Liberation Front of Angola (FNLA) youth leader, José Fernando Fula 'Tó Zé'.

</doc>
<doc id="19114309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114309" title="Stoyan Stavrev">
Stoyan Stavrev

Stoyan Georgiev Stavrev (; born 7 December 1975) is a retired Bulgarian goalkeeper. His first club was PFC Haskovo.
He works as a Goalkeeper coach for Cherno More.
Career.
Stavrev joined Litex Lovech in the summer of 1997. On 12 November 1997, he made his Litex debut in a 2–1 victory against Kremikovtsi in the Bulgarian Cup Second Round. Stavrev played 76 league matches in seven years for Litex's first team, as he was often the club's second-choice keeper behind Vitomir Vutov.

</doc>
<doc id="19114314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114314" title="Kiril Akalski">
Kiril Akalski

Kiril Akalski (; born 17 October 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Lokomotiv Plovdiv.
Career.
Maritsa Plovdiv.
Born in Plovdiv his first club was local Maritsa. Akalski started his professional football career at the second division team in the 2005–06 season.
Lokomotiv Plovdiv.
He then transferred to Lokomotiv Plovdiv in the winter of 2008 as this gave him the opportunity to play in the top division. Akalski signed a two-a-half years deal with the club in January 2008. He has been given the №12 shirt.
On 31 October 2009, he was involved in a serious on-pitch brawl, following his team's 0–1 defeat to Botev Plovdiv.
Levski Sofia.
On 14 August 2010 it was announced that Kiril Akalski is came to an agreement with Levski Sofia. On 20 August 2010 Akalski officially signed his contract with Levski. The contract is for 3 years. Akalski chose to play with kit number 85.
Akalski made his unofficial debut for Levski on 4 September 2010 in a friendly match against Montana. He entered the match as a substitute for the final 3–1 win for Levski.

</doc>
<doc id="19114320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114320" title="One Day in the Life of Andrei Arsenevich">
One Day in the Life of Andrei Arsenevich

One Day in the Life of Andrei Arsenevich () is a 1999 French documentary film directed by Chris Marker, about and an homage to the Russian filmmaker Andrei Tarkovsky. The film was an episode of the French documentary film series "Cinéastes de notre temps" (), which in over ninety episodes since 1966 concentrates on individual film directors, film people and film movements. The title of the film is a play on the title of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn's novella "One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich".
Plot.
The film combines clips from Tarkovsky's films with footage of Tarkovsky on the set of his last film "The Sacrifice" and on his deathbed, during the final stage of his battle with cancer. The film mostly relies on images, with only sparse commentary, and concentrates mainly on giving insight into Tarkovsky's work and philosophy and on exploring the intersections between his private life and his work. The film starts with a scene from Tarkovsky first film "Ivan's Childhood" and ends with a parallel scene from his last film "The Sacrifice". It shows the reunion of Tarkovsky with his son Andrei Jr., who had been allowed to leave the Soviet Union only after Tarkovsky was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. Apart from Andrei Tarkovsky himself the film shows, among others, his second wife Larisa Tarkovskaya, his son Andrei Jr., the editor of the film "The Sacrifice" Michal Leszczylowski, the French actress Valérie Mairesse, the Swedish cinematographer Sven Nykvist and the Russian actress Margarita Terekhova.
Release.
The film was first shown on the Franco-German TV channel Arte on 17 May 2000. The film was screened at the 2000 Telluride Film Festival, the 2000 Toronto International Film Festival, the 2000 San Francisco International Film Festival, the 2000 Berlin International Film Festival and the 2001 Doubletake Documentary Film Festival. The film was also screened at the Santa Fe Film Festival in 2000 and won the best documentary award.
On June 21st, 2011, Icarus Films released "One Day in the Life of Andrei Arsenevich" on home video. Included on the disc, alongside the film, are two short films about contemporary Russia: "Three Songs About The Motherland" by Marina Goldovskaya, and "In the Dark" by Sergey Dvortsevoy.
Critical reception.
Although not widely distributed, the film received very positive reviews. Jonathan Rosenbaum of the "Chicago Reader" writes that "One Day in the Life of Andrei Arsenevich" is "the best single piece of Tarkovsky criticism I know of, clarifying the overall coherence of his oeuvre while leaving all the principal mysteries in the films intact." whereas J. Hoberman of the "Village Voice" called the film "a brilliant appreciation of the last great Soviet director, Andrei Tarkovsky".
Other documentaries about Tarkovsky.
Several dozen other documentaries about Andrei Tarkovsky have been produced. Most notable are "Voyage in Time" by Tonino Guerra and Andrei Tarkovsky himself, "Moscow Elegy" by Alexander Sokurov, "The Recall" by Tarkovsky's son Andrei Jr., and "Regi Andrej Tarkovskij" by Michal Leszczylowski, the editor of Tarkovsky's "The Sacrifice". Tarkovsky has also been featured in numerous documentaries about the history of cinema or the craft and art of filmmaking.

</doc>
<doc id="19114325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114325" title="Luke Waterfall">
Luke Waterfall

Luke Matthew Waterfall (born 30 July 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Scunthorpe United as a defender.
He has previously played for Tranmere Rovers, Altricham, Ilkeston Town and Gainsborough Trinity.
Career.
Born in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, Waterfall started his career with Barnsley and was a regular for their youth and reserve teams during the 2007–08 season. After being released he signed for League One team Tranmere Rovers in July 2008. He made his debut after coming on as a substitute in the 63rd minute, away to Grimsby Town, in a 2–0 defeat in the League Cup on 12 August. He made his first start in a 1–0 victory over Accrington Stanley in the Football League Trophy on 2 September.
He joined Conference National side Altrincham on loan on 14 October and made one substitute appearance in a 2–0 defeat to Weymouth. He was released by Tranmere at the end of the 2008–09 season in May 2009. He was handed a week's trial at Oxford United in July, and after not being offered a contract he started a trial with York City. He came on as a second half substitute for York in a pre-season friendly against Bradford City and he was not offered a contract by York.
Waterfall signed for Conference North team Ilkeston Town on 1 August following a trial and he finished the 2009–10 season with 38 appearances and two goals. He signed for Gainsborough Trinity in May 2010. 
Following three years with Trinity, Waterfall and Terry Hawkridge followed ex Blues chairman Peter Swann to Scunthorpe United.

</doc>
<doc id="19114338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114338" title="Microcosm (video game)">
Microcosm (video game)

Microcosm is a shoot 'em up computer game developed and published by Psygnosis in . It was originally developed for the FM Towns and also ported for the Sega Mega-CD, Amiga CD32, and 3DO game consoles, as well as MS-DOS. "Microcosm" featured realistic FMV animation, with the graphics being rendered on Silicon Graphics workstations. The game is either in the first person or the third person view depending on the gaming system.
Story.
The game takes place in a futuristic setting on an alien planet called Bodor, located in the Bator System, where the galaxy's two largest conglomerates — Cybertech and Axiom — compete for interplanetary corporate domination. Axiom injects Cybertech president Tiron Korsby's body with microscopic droids designed to penetrate his brain and control his mind. Cybertech, however, learns of this plan and injects Korsby with their own piloted submarines shrunken down to size to destroy Axiom's droids and prevent them from controlling Korsby's mind.
Development.
In 1991, the game was first seen in a demo for the Amiga CDTV. A port for the CD-i was planned and then canceled, but a prototype exists. The lead platform was the FM Towns, and development was funded in part by Fujitsu with the aim of making it a launch title for the console-styled version of the platform, the FM Towns Marty. The game engine was later purchased by Fujitsu for £250,000. The FM Towns version features an exclusive soundtrack by Rick Wakeman, which was replaced in other versions with a soundtrack by Tim Wright for licensing reasons. A promotional version of the game was later developed for Pfizer.
Reception.
Many Amiga magazines gave the game positive ratings, many ratings in the 80s (out of 100) and higher. A few magazines have praised "Microcosm" as having one of the best displays of graphics seen in an Amiga game.
Editions.
The limited edition copy of the PC version of the game contains the game, the manual, a soundtrack CD and a T-shirt.

</doc>
<doc id="19114351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114351" title="Medical Society of London">
Medical Society of London

The Medical Society of London is one of the oldest surviving medical societies (being organisations of voluntary association, rather than regulation or training) in the United Kingdom.
It was founded in 1773 by the Quaker physician and philanthropist Dr John Coakley Lettsome for physicians, surgeons and apothecaries who met to exchange medical news and confer about difficult cases. Lettsome himself served as president of the new society in 1775-1776, 1784–1785, 1809–1811 and 1813-1815. James Sims was president from 1786 to 1808 and during his long term of office some members of the society, led by Sir William Saunders, became so offended by his autocratic style that in 1805 they formed themselves into a new medical society, the Medical and Chirurgical Society of London, which later evolved into the Royal Society of Medicine.
The Society’s wide appeal, the possession of a valuable library (originally purchased from Sims) and freehold property (donated by Lettsome) has helped to ensure the society's success and longevity. Originally based in the City of London, it moved in 1873 to its present location in Lettsom House, Chandos Street, near Cavendish Square in the heart of London’s medical community. This early 19th-century building was originally owned by the Earl of Gainsborough, and is now also home to several related societies who share the facilities. The library has since been purchased by the Wellcome Trust.
The Fothergill gold medal, named in honour of physician John Fothergill, Lettsome's patron, is awarded every three years in consultation with the Royal College of Physicians. The Lettsomian lecture is delivered annually by a fellow of the society.
Presidents.
After the somewhat autocratic 22-year presidency of James Sims a motion was passed in 1805 that :"'No gentlemen be eligible to the office of President or Vice-president
for more than two years in succession." The Presidents are listed below with their year of election to the position.

</doc>
<doc id="19114379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114379" title="So Soon in the Morning">
So Soon in the Morning

"So Soon in the Morning" is a traditional religious song performed in 1959 by Joan Baez and Bill Wood on Baez's first album, "Folksingers 'Round Harvard Square". The duo sung it in a fast gospel tempo. The lyrics contain lines from a 19th-century hymn, "I heard the voice of Jesus say", written in 1846 by Horatius Bonar:I heard the voice of Jesus say, “Come unto Me and rest;Lay down, thou weary one, lay down Thy head upon My breast.” as well as a stanza from "Father, I stretch my hands to thee", a hymn by Charles Wesley:Father, I stretch my hands to thee, no other help I know;If thou withdraw thyself from me, ah! whither shall I go?altering the words toO Lord, I stretch my hand to thee, no other help I know;If thou withdraw thy hand from me, wherever shall I go?

</doc>
<doc id="19114382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114382" title="Tarm">
Tarm

Tarm is a small railway town with a population of 4,055 (1 January 2013) in west Denmark, 36 kilometres southwest of Herning (air distance). The road distance between Herning and Tarm is exactly 47,8 kilometres (Herning-Videbæk-Skjern-Tarm route).

</doc>
<doc id="19114408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114408" title="Hakea ulicina">
Hakea ulicina

Hakea ulicina (Furze Hakea) is a shrub in the family Proteaceae, native to Australia. It is erect in habit, growing to between 2 and 5 metres tall. It has long, narrow leaves which are 3 to 18 cm long and 1 to 4 mm wide. White conflorescences appear in the leaf axils in spring.
The species was first formally described by Robert Brown in "Supplementum primum prodromi florae Novae Hollandiae" in 1830, based on plant material collected by William Baxter in Wilsons Promontory.
The species occurs on the southern slopes of the Great Dividing Range as well as in coastal heathland. It is mostly found from the east of Port Phillip Bay in Victoria through to Eden in south-eastern New South Wales. Additional populations occur in the Brisbane Ranges and Anglesea to the west of Port Phillip Bay, as well as Tasmania's Furneaux Group of islands. A similar species from South Australia and western Victoria, "Hakea repullulans", can be distinguished by its broader leaves and presence of a lignotuber.

</doc>
<doc id="19114412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114412" title="List of Amiga CD32 games">
List of Amiga CD32 games

This is a list of all known games for the Amiga CD32.

</doc>
<doc id="19114413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114413" title="Pardonnez-moi">
Pardonnez-moi

Pardonnez-moi () is a 2006 French film written and directed by Maïwenn, starring Maïwenn, Pascal Greggory, Hélène de Fougerolles, and Aurélien Recoing. The film was retitled Forgive Me for the English-language international market. In 2007, "Pardonnez-moi" received two nominations for César Awards, France's most prestigious film awards, for "Best First Film" and "Best Female Newcomer". This is the movie that Julie goes to see while Ismael is at work in Christopher Honors Cannes's award winning film, Les Chansons D'Amour (eng release LOVE SONGS).

</doc>
<doc id="19114419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114419" title="The Ball of the Actresses">
The Ball of the Actresses

The Ball of the Actresses () is a 2009 French film directed by Maïwenn. The title is a reference to a movie by Roman Polanski, The Fearless Vampire Killers ("le bal des vampires").

</doc>
<doc id="19114430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114430" title="Ip Kwok-him">
Ip Kwok-him

Ip Kwok-him, GBS, JP (born 8 November 1951, Hong Kong) is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (Functional constituency, District Council). 
Politics and political positions.
Ip and the DAB take a consistent pro-government, pro-Beijing line, which is also anti-democracy.
Ip is the deputy chairman of the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong and currently sits on the Board of directors of the Urban Renewal Authority. He has been a member of the Central and Western District Council (Kwun Lung Lau) since the 1990s, except during the years 2003 to 2007, when he was defeated by Cyd Ho, a democratic candidate, in the 2003 district council election. 
Ip is a Deputy to the Chinese National People's Congress. He has interested in conditioning farming system.

</doc>
<doc id="19114441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114441" title="Kutsayoki River">
Kutsayoki River

Kutsayoki River () is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. It is in length. The Kutsayoki River originates in the Lake Nivajarvi and flows into the Tumcha River. Its biggest tributary is the Karelsky Bashkaus River.

</doc>
<doc id="19114442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114442" title="1972 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles">
1972 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles

Karl Meiler defeated Guillermo Vilas 6–7, 2–6, 6–4, 6–4, 6–4 to win the 1972 ATP Buenos Aires singles competition. Željko Franulović was the champion but did not defend his title.

</doc>
<doc id="19114462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114462" title="2006–07 FC Vaslui season">
2006–07 FC Vaslui season

The 2006–07 season is FC Vaslui's 5th season of its existence, and its second in a row, in Liga I. With only 8 players from the previous season, FC Vaslui started the season with a new coach, and without a sponsor. A few players from the relegated FCM Bacău, were signed, with also a few foreign players. The new coach was Gheorghe Mulţescu. The team started very bad, and it seemed the previous season, will repeat. However, after a 1-1 draw with Poli Iasi, Mulţescu was sacked and the new coach was named Viorel Hizo. Also, in the same time, Adrian Porumboiu revealed, that he didn't leave FC Vaslui, and he was sponsoring it in secret. Hizo made one of the strongest team, in that moment, taking the team, from 17th place, to 7th place in the end of the first half of the season. But because the most important two players left the team, in the winter break Marius Croitoru and Viorel Frunză, the team didn't play as same as the end of the first half of the season. In the end, FC Vaslui finished 8th in Liga I. Adrian Porumboiu wanted Hizo to be the team manager in the next season, but because of the team's poor infrastructure, he decided to leave FC Vaslui, for Ceahlaul.

</doc>
<doc id="19114463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114463" title="Alcaraz palace">
Alcaraz palace

Alcaraz Palace is an ancient palace in Persia, built around 2000 BC in the time of the simourgh. It is completely made out of marble. According to ancient texts, the palace was colossal; a big city under one roof. Its walls extended from one horizon to the other, and it was situated somewhere along the coast of Persia. The palace was destroyed by rebels, 1000 years after it was built. It was wiped out from existence as well as literature after the burning of the Persepolis by Alexander the great.
It has also been considered to be Atlantis, mentioned in greek mythology due to its technological advancements that surpass even modern technology.
The name "Alcaraz" spread to Europe, but originated from Persia. The Palace of Alcaraz had a large Library, consisting of many books which didn't survive to this day. However, some books such as the Avesta are still used.

</doc>
<doc id="19114468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114468" title="Aanppipal">
Aanppipal

Aanppipal is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,124 and had 1060 houses in the town.
The small village Amppipal belongs to this VDC.

</doc>
<doc id="19114470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114470" title="Wilco Melissant">
Wilco Melissant

Wilco Melissant (born December 8, 1968) is a Dutch director who directed various arthouse video productions for Witchhunt Productions, of which he himself is the chairman. His productions were shown on the Dutch TV station RotterdamTV.
His work was shown at the 2005 International Multimedial Art Festival (IMAF) in Odžaci, Serbia and the 2006 R EJECT Film Festival in Rotterdam, The Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19114480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114480" title="Miles Mosley">
Miles Mosley

Miles Mosley is a vocalist, bassist, guitarist, pianist, composer and arranger from Hollywood, California. He was named after Miles Davis.
Life and career.
Miles Mosley was trained in classical music and jazz at Colburn School of Music in downtown L.A. Mosley has studied with some of jazz's finest musicians, including John Clayton, Ray Brown and Al McKibbon. He claims he picked the upright bass because it was the only instrument at his school that he did not have to bring home with him. Mosley's style has often been described as "brothel jazz"; Mosley himself describes it as if Jimi Hendrix played upright bass in Prince's band.
Throughout the years Mosley has written, composed, performed live and appeared in videos for various artists including Chris Cornell, Jonathan Davis, Everlast, Terrence Howard, Joni Mitchell, Lauryn Hill, Gnarls Barkley, Jeff Beck, Common, Christina Aguilera, Lesa Carlson.
Mosley has released a number of albums containing his own solo work. In addition, he has worked for Creative Counseling Network, a non-profit organization that provides access to the arts for under-served young people.

</doc>
<doc id="19114488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114488" title="Aaru Arbang">
Aaru Arbang

Aaru Arbang is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,012.

</doc>
<doc id="19114492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114492" title="Aaru Chanuate">
Aaru Chanuate

Aaru Chanuate is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,478 and had 494 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19114499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114499" title="Aarupokhari">
Aarupokhari

Arupokhari (आरुपोखारी), also spelled Aarupokhari, depending on your system of transliteration, is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,465 and had 898 houses in the town.
Arupokhari sits on a foothill on top of which there is a Hindu temple. The town's water sources are springs that come out of the ground. There is electricity, but it is intermittent. Most of the citizens are farmers, and those who have other occupations still farm as well. The climate in the village is subtropical. The forest is mostly deciduous. The major crops grown there are corn, beans, and potatoes, but mangos, bananas, and other things grow there as well. Most of the houses are constructed with bricks plastered by mud, with mud used as mortar in-between the bricks. The roofs are tin, and the floors are dried mud. Most citizens own cellphones, and there is at least one cell tower in the village. There are at least 2 schools in the village: one elementary and one secondary. The elementary school is called the Sarswati Peace School. The language spoken in the village is Nepali, though there are a few people who know a little bit of English as well. From the village, one can see Manaslu in the Ganesh range to the north. The village is adjacent to Satdobato, and it is a 1-2 hour walk from Arughat, which is a slightly larger town in the valley to the southeast. To get to Arupokari, one must board a bus from Kathmandu to Gorkha and then board another bus from Gorkha to Gairichhap. From there, it is a 1-2 hour walk to Arupokhari itself. During the monsoon season, the village can still be reached, but muddy spots in the roads may require switching buses periodically on the way from Gorkha to Gairichhap, and the buses might stop at an intermediate village prior to Gairichhap entirely, such as Ghyampesal. The temperature in the village during the summer is usually in the 80's when it is not raining and in the 70's when it is raining. It is always very humid in the summer. The village was hit hard by the civil war as many of its citizens went to fight.

</doc>
<doc id="19114509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114509" title="Yeardot">
Yeardot

Yeardot is a television and web production for Channel 4 by So Television and Holler. It began on 30 June 2008, and follows the lives of fifteen young people from across the United Kingdom as they go through a pivotal year in each of their lives. The project ended after 12 months at the end of June 2009.
Introduction.
The project is taking place both online at the Yeardot website as well as in a series of TV programmes on Channel 4 as part of their educational schedule. The fifteen participants have set goals for themselves and they hope to achieve them over the next twelve months.
Participants.
Participants in the show are young people who are attempting to succeed in their chosen vocation or else are attempting to overcome some challenge. Included are; Jamel Haynes, an ex-homeless man, who wants to stay off the streets; and Simon Jenkins, who hopes to progress as a comedian. Josh Muggleton has Asperger syndrome and hopes to complete a successful first year at the University of St Andrews. Also partaking are; Isobella Hatwell, who hopes to stage her play "Wasted"; Gilly Flaherty, who play's defense premier league football for Arsenal L.F.C. and also plays for England; Claire Hazelgrove, who is a prospective Labour Party candidate for election: one of the youngest to do so; and Chloe Spiteri is an 18 year old with severe learning difficulties who hopes to progress as a wrestler after winning the English junior championships in March 2008 as well as other young people "(see list below)".
Participant profiles.
Claire Hazelgrove.
Claire Ruth Hazelgrove (born 16 July 1988) was the prospective Labour candidate for parliamentary election for Skipton and Ripon. At time of selection she was the second youngest Parliamentary Candidate in party history, Emily Benn being the youngest. Hazelgrove studies Politics at the University of York and has volunteered for three years for Sally Keeble MP. If elected, she could potentially become the youngest ever MP since the Reform Act 1832. The current record holder is Esmond Harmsworth, elected on 15 November 1919 from Isle of Thanet, aged 21 years 170 days. The youngest female MP was Bernadette Devlin, elected on 17 April 1969 from Mid Ulster, aged 21 years 359 days.
Josh Muggleton.
Joshua Thomas Bailey Muggleton (born 7 July 1989, Surrey) is currently studying Psychology at the University of St Andrews in Scotland. Josh was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome, an autism spectrum disorder, in 2004, and is the youngest ever elected councillor of the National Autistic Society. He talks and lectures widely to parents, teachers and others professionals about living with autism, and has been interviewed by TV, radio and national newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="19114511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114511" title="Tranebjerg">
Tranebjerg

Tranebjerg is a parish and small town, situated at the centre of the South Island of Samsø in Denmark. It is the largest town on Samsø, with a population of 827 (1 January 2013) and also the municipal seat of the small Samsø Municipality.
Tranebjerg is an old town, with a big village church from the 1300s and was once home to Brattingsborg Castle, a royal castle that burned down in the year 1289. Of the more modern facilities the town is home to a tourist office and an Ecomuseum. At the Ecomuseum, restored old buildings like an active oldfashioned smallholding, a skipper-farmhouse, a blacksmith and a grainmill amongst others, exposes the connection between Samsø's landscape, culture and inhabitants through the ages which includes an exhibition of the islands Stone Age past, traced to about 9.000 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="19114514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114514" title="Asrang">
Asrang

Asrang is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,241 and had 604 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19114516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114516" title="Hermann Pohlmann">
Hermann Pohlmann

Hermann Pohlmann (* 26 June 1894, † 7.7.1991) was a German aerospace engineer and principal designer of the famous Second World War Dive bomber, the Junkers Ju 87 "Stuka".

</doc>
<doc id="19114517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114517" title="Glen Island (Thames)">
Glen Island (Thames)

Glen Island is a large area of land between the head of the Jubilee River and the River Thames at Boulter's Lock near Maidenhead. 
The Grade II listed Glen Island House, a riverside Gentleman's residence (now offices for a paper mill), was built in 1869 for Lt. Gen. Sir Roger William Henry Palmer, Bart. (d.1910), an Irish landowner, who was in the Charge of the Light Brigade.

</doc>
<doc id="19114529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114529" title="Vuosnayoki River">
Vuosnayoki River

Vuosnayoki River () is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. It is in length. The river flows into the Lake Nivajärvi.

</doc>
<doc id="19114531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114531" title="Baguwa">
Baguwa

Baguwa is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,246.

</doc>
<doc id="19114537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114537" title="Moonquake (disambiguation)">
Moonquake (disambiguation)

Moonquake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19114539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114539" title="Bakrang">
Bakrang

Bakrang is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,571 and had 671 houses in the town.
It has 9 wards. 1. Khahare Gaun 2. Bhogateni 3. Galdhuk 4. Gaihri Gaun 5. Dadagaun 6. Purano Gaun 7. Sanodipling 8. ThuloDipling 9. Pokhari

</doc>
<doc id="19114544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114544" title="Bhirkot, Gorkha">
Bhirkot, Gorkha

Mirkot( मिरकोट ) is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. It is also known as Bhirkot, Gorkha. It lies on the western side of the headquarters of Gorkha. According to the National Population and Housing Census 2011, it had a population of 5261 (2407 male and 2854 female), and had 1388 households in the village. Its neighbouring VDCs are Gaikhur, Dhuwakot, Khoplang, Chyangli, Palumtar, Chhoprak and Deurali. Such as Kotgadi, Lakang, Mahadev Temple are the most important places of Mirkot. The central part of Mirkot VDC is called, Bagdanda, Where the main office of the VDC and Mirkot Higher Secondary School are located.

</doc>
<doc id="19114552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114552" title="Rødbyhavn">
Rødbyhavn

Rødbyhavn is a small town and harbour on the south coast of Lolland, Denmark. Rødbyhavn ("Rødby Harbour") is located approximately 5 km southwest of the town of Rødby. It is a harbour on the northern shore of the Fehmarn Belt. A ferry service connects Rødbyhavn with Puttgarden on the island of Fehmarn. Thus one can drive or take the train from Copenhagen over the Fehmarn Belt, and on to Lübeck and Hamburg by European route E47, which in Germany is known as autobahn A1 or Vogelfluglinie.
The original Lalandia holiday resort is located just west of Rødbyhavn on the shore of Fehmarn Belt.
The town of Rødbyhavn has a population of 1,679 (1 January 2013).
History.
Until work began on constructing a harbour in 1908, this part of the dyke featured only a few small farmsteads. The dyke had been constructed in 1872 following storm floods, and on its outer side, at Syltholm, a harbour for fishing and commerce was opened in 1912. With the emergence of a new settlement to support the activities of the harbour, the name of Syltholm was changed to "Rødbyhavn". 1916 saw the construction of a first shipyard, but by the 1920s the shipbuilding business at Rødbyhavn ran into bankruptcy, and activity in the harbour stagnated. In 1920, the harbour installations were expanded on the landward side.
In 1941 work began to prepare for the expansion of the harbour in order to support a ferry connection between Rødbyhavn and Puttgarden. The work came to a halt during the immediate post-war years, but was resumed in 1958. Finally, on 14 May 1963, the "Vogelfluglinie" ferry connection was inaugurated. The resulting transport boom created jobs and drew in immigrants, and the population of Rødbyhavn more than doubled.

</doc>
<doc id="19114553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114553" title="Bhumlichok">
Bhumlichok

Bhumlichok is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,964 and had 518 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19114554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114554" title="Si Tú No Estás (film)">
Si Tú No Estás (film)

Si Tú No Estás is a film project written by Noé Santillán-López and Francesco Papini. It started off as a short thesis project at the Savannah College of Art and Design, and is now in development under Época Films to become a feature production. A death in a Mexican family causes its members to begin personal searches for love and redemption. The film is set in Guadalajara, Jalisco, México, and stars Bruno Bichir
The short film.
The original idea was created by Noé Santillán-López when he heard an old recording of the poem "Por Qué Me Quité del Vicio" written by Carlos Rivas Larráuri, in 2006, and began developing a story based on it. Fellow classmate and producer Cayman Eby collaborated with López to shoot the short on location in Guadalajara, México. This became the first narrative short in SCAD to be shot outside of the continental U.S.A.
References.
Savannah College of Art and Design [http://www.scad.edu/about/news/topstories/2007/091807.cfm]
Short End Magazine
Famunited.com
Savannah Morning News

</doc>
<doc id="19114563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114563" title="Bihi">
Bihi

Bihi is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 890 and had 247 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19114566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114566" title="Sachin Yardi">
Sachin Yardi

Sachin Yardi is a Hindi film director and screenwriter from India. His directorial debut "C Kkompany" (2008) was after writing scripts for "Kyaa Kool Hai Hum" (2005) and Madhur Bhandarkar's award-winning "Traffic Signal" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="19114569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114569" title="Borlang">
Borlang

Borlang is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,737 and had 837 houses in the town.
References.
<The previously entered information has been deleted for validity purposes>
According to the latest census of CBS Borlang VDC has 1179 households with total population of 5044. Similarly, male/female population is 2281/2763.

</doc>
<doc id="19114571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114571" title="The Omid Djalili Show">
The Omid Djalili Show

The Omid Djalili Show was a British sketch comedy/stand-up comedy television show produced by Hat Trick Productions for BBC One. Writing by Omid Djalili, Will Smith, Roger Drew, Ian Stone, Ricky Grover with script editor Steve Punt. The theme tune is a piece of Salsa music called "Amor Verdadero", performed by the Afro-Cuban All Stars.
It was first broadcast on 17 November 2007 in the network's primetime Saturday night slot.
It is also broadcast in Australia on ABC1, in Denmark on DR2, in Estonia on ETV2 in 2010, in Israel on yes stars Comedy, in Germany on WDR and in Portugal on RTP2.
The second series was recorded late 2008, and was first broadcast on 20 April 2009 at 10.35pm on BBC One. The show was axed in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19114580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114580" title="Bunkot">
Bunkot

Bunkot is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,599, and there were 1,214 houses in the town.
Bungkot is just about 6 kilometers from district headquarter.The only Higher Secondary School of Bunkot is Shree Shaheed Smrity Higher Secondary School,Bungkot-3,Gorkha.There is one secondary School, named Rameshwary Secondary School, located in ward no. 9 of Mailung. There are more than one Lower Secondary Schools. Chandika Lower Secondary School is one of the lower secondary schools. There are 11 Primary Schools and a private boarding School.The name of Shaheed Smrity Higher Secondary School is named to show due respect on first Martyr LAKHAN THAPA Magar who for the first time in Nepalese history revolted against the Rana tyranny http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lakhan_Thapa . Martyr Thapa Magr was hanged to death in 1877 by the erstwhile Aristocratic Ruling family, the Ranas, for raising voice against the autocracy. He was the first person to be hanged to death in Nepal by the state for 'treason'. 

</doc>
<doc id="19114581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114581" title="America a Prophecy">
America a Prophecy

America a Prophecy is a 1793 prophetic book by the English poet and illustrator William Blake. It is engraved on eighteen plates, and survives in fourteen known copies. It is the first of Blake's "Continental prophecies".
Background.
During autumn 1790, Blake moved to Lambeth, Surrey (today within the bounds of Greater London). He had a studio at the new house that he used while writing what were later called his "Lambeth Books", which included "America" in 1793. Like the others under the title, all aspects of the work, including the composition of the designs, the printing of them, the colouring of them, and the selling of them, happened at his home. "America" was the first book printed by Blake to include the place of origin and Blake's full name on the title page, which showed that Blake would continue to expound his visions of revolution even though parliament had passed acts against seditious writings earlier that year. Blake wrote in his notebook "I say I shan't live five years. And if I live one it will be a Wonder. June 1793". Early sketches for "America" were also included in this notebook, which Blake used between 1790 and 1793. While early drafts of "America" mentioned King George III by name, Blake scrupulously avoided this in the final draft, referring to him as "the King of England", or other synonyms.
Only a few of Blake's works were fully coloured, and "America" was one of the few works that Blake describes as "illuminated printing", those of which were either hand coloured or colour printed with the ink being placed on the copperplate before printed. There were 17 copies of "America" created with 4 of them coloured. The work contained 18 plates, and were 23 x 17 cm in size. The lines of poetry included in the work were organized into septenaries. Henry Crabb Robinson contacted William Upcott on 19 April 1810 inquiring about copies of Blake's works that were in his possession. On that day, Robinson was allowed access to "Europe" and "America" and created a transcription of the works.
Poem.
The image "A Breach in a City" served as the frontispiece for "America" and was originally shown on its own at the Royal Academy during April 1784. The work was probably based on the Gordon riots at Newgate Prison during June 1780.
The implications of the work are taken up again in "America" with the King of England trembling as he sees Orc, the embodiment of the American colonies. The Angel of Albion believes Orc is the anti-christ and Orc believes the King of England is the same. This is followed by Orc's apocalyptic vision:
Orc provokes the Angel of Boston to rebellion:
Together, the rebels are able to be freed of the psychological chains that bind them:
Themes.
"America", like many of Blake's other works, is a mythological narrative and is considered a "prophecy". However, only "America" and "Europe" were ever given that title by Blake. His understanding of the word was not to denote a description of the future but to describe the view of the honest and the wise. "America" was also the first book that Blake titled "a Prophecy". This change indicates that he was no longer dramatizing history, as in "The French Revolution", but instead "recording the formula of all revolution". For that reason the events of the revolution are portrayed without regard for chronological order: the governors meet at the house of Sir Francis Bernard (who had been recalled in 1769), the 37-year-old King George is described as having "aged limbs", and other episodes are compressed or out of order. 
In regards to the prophetic works, the character Oothoon represented America in "Visions of the Daughters of Albion" and she is raped by the character Bromion. The book represents her as trapped by a philosophical system created by John Locke, and no one is able to hear her pleas except for the daughters of Albion. The implications of the work are taken up again in "America" with the King of England trembling as he witnesses Orc and the rebelling colonies. Although there is a vision of rebellion, there is no actual freedom at the end of the poem just as in the "Visions of the Daughters of Albion". Unlike the "Visions of the Daughters of Albion", "America", as well as "Europe", describes nations that are trying to determine their own destiny instead of individuals trying to deal with theirs. The "Song of Los" is connected to both "America and Europe" in that it describes Africa and Asia, which operate as a sort of frame to the other works. As such, the three works are united by the same historical and social themes.
When Blake describes pity becoming a trade along with generosity becoming a science, it is possible that he is referring to how a Parish School of Industry at Golden Square transformed from a school that educated students in manual labour to a factory system in which the students were producing goods for sale after 1786. Other political aspects of the work include Blake's portrayal of Thomas Paine as a defender of liberty in regards to Paine's "Rights of Man". Furthermore, the image of the English prince being a dragon figure is connected to a literary tradition of heroes slaying a dragon that has tyrannised a country. Likewise, in Biblical and apocalyptic tradition, the dragon is defeated by the Messiah. As such, the image in "America a Prophecy" is that the rebellion is a natural struggle for freedom against oppression and a renewal of society. It is part of a natural cycle.
In other regards, the work deals with the oppression of the mind, which the dragon is a representative of this repression. The "Ancient of Days", represent in "America a Prophecy" by Urizen, who is like Zeus, Jehovah and other leaders of gods, is the creator of religion. He is old in a mentally frail manner as well as cruel. Urizen is represented as white, which is connected to snow, colourlessness, atheism and the unknown. He is always an abstraction, Orc, on the other hand, is the representation of revolution, along with blood, rage and passion. The polarity of the characters and their contest is connected to the Ossian poem "Carric-Thura", which describes the old and cruel god Loda being attacked by the hero Fingal, who drives the god away. However, both characters are interconnected, with Orc being the force of new life in the cycle and Urizen representing the older version of Orc that dies at the end of the cycle.
Blake had many expectations for the American revolution, which is described in a prophetic way within the poem. However, he was disappointed when the fallen state of existence returned and that slavery was not immediately ended. He was also disappointed when there was not a sensual liberation. After Napoleon declared himself emperor in 1804, Blake believed that the Americans would start treating George Washington as their god king in the manner that the French treated Bonaparte and the English George the III. He continued to believe in an apocalyptic state that would soon appear, but he no longer believed that Orc man, the leader of a revolution, would be the agent of the apocalypse. Instead, he believed that God could only exist in men, and he distrusted all hero worship.
Critical response.
Allan Cunningham believed that the work was "plentifully seasoned with verse". Henry Crabb Robinson believed the work to be obscure. J. T. Smith was confused by the "expressions," which "are mystical in a very high degree," but thought the poem's designs were "very fine". Alexander Gilchrist remarked that "Turning over the leaves it is sometimes like an increase of light on the retina, so fair and open is the effect of particular pages".

</doc>
<doc id="19114582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114582" title="Belaya River (Imandra)">
Belaya River (Imandra)

Belaya River () is a river in the center of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. It is 30 km in length. The Belaya River originates in the Lake Bolshoy Vudjavr and flows into the Lake Imandra.

</doc>
<doc id="19114588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114588" title="Emlen funnel">
Emlen funnel

An Emlen funnel is a bird cage shaped like an inverted cone, used to study bird behaviour, in particular birds' migratory instincts. It is named after S T and J T Emlen who introduced the technique in 1966. An ink pad is placed on the bottom, so when the bird hops or flutters onto the sloping walls it leaves a track before slipping back down again. The bird's view through the top of the cage can be manipulated to show how it responds to different apparent "star patterns" (actually generated in a planetarium).

</doc>
<doc id="19114595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114595" title="Who Killed the Prosecutor and Why?">
Who Killed the Prosecutor and Why?

Who Killed the Prosecutor and Why? () is a 1972 thriller film directed by Giuseppe Vari and starring Lou Castel.

</doc>
<doc id="19114596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114596" title="Chhaikampar">
Chhaikampar

Chhaikampar is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,270 and had 244 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19114603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114603" title="Chhoprak">
Chhoprak

Chhoprak is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 6,306 and had 1182 houses in the town.
References.
sanjaya ko ghar thar chai pokharel

</doc>
<doc id="19114607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114607" title="Chumchet">
Chumchet

Chumchet is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 979 and had 221 houses in the village.
The village of Chumchet is situated in the Tsum Valley which is completely isolated from modern developments, Tsum valley saw the first set of tourists in 2007 when it was formally opened for trekking and tourism activity by Nepal government. 
Tsum valley lies in Gorkha district and comprises two remote villages called Chumchet and Chhekampar. The name ‘Tsum’ came from the Tibetan word called ‘Tsombo’, which means vivid.
Traditionally Tsum valley was a very distinct place geographically and culturally therefore was called ‘Tsum Tso Chuksums’, which means thirteen provinces ruled as a single territory.
This land is so unexplored that many religious and archeological relics are still intact at many places in Tsum. People in Tsum Valley still practise polyandry system and they have unique culture, tradition and a dialect of their own. Their unique festivals observed here are Lhosar, Dhacyhang, Saka Dawa, Faning among others. 
The residents of Tsum valley are called Tsumbas. The most interesting fact is that many Tsumbas have claimed to have seen or encountered Mehti, most commonly referred as the ‘Yeti’. 
The valley occupies an area of about 1663 km2. The lowest point of Tsum Valley trek is Lhokpa (1905 m) and the highest is Ngula Dhojhyang Pass (over 5093 m) on the Tibetan border. The Hidden Valley is surrounded by the Baudha Himal and Himal Chuli to the west, Ganesh Himal to the south, and Sringi Himal to the North. 
Chhekampar village is called the Upper Tsum while Chumchet village is called the Lower Tsum.

</doc>
<doc id="19114609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114609" title="Chyangli">
Chyangli

Chyangli is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,612 and had 1066 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19114611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114611" title="Brody's">
Brody's

Brody Brothers Dry Goods Company, Inc., more commonly referred to as Brody's, was an upscale fashion merchandise chain formerly headquartered in Greenville, North Carolina, with branch stores located in eastern North Carolina. The Brody family remains prominent in eastern North Carolina and the Brody School of Medicine at East Carolina University was named in their honor.
History.
Brody's was founded by Hyman J. Brody in the early 20th century, with its beginnings as a shoe store in Sumter, South Carolina. In 1928, one of Brody's sons, Leo Brody, relocated to Kinston, North Carolina and founded Brody Brothers Dry Goods. Leo Brody, along with six of his brothers, began to expand the retail business. Upon acquiring Cohen & Sons Mercantile and Clothing in 1973, the family owned chain eventually expanded to seven stores in seven malls in eastern North Carolina.
At the time of its acquisition by Proffitt's in 1998, Brody's stores were located in The Plaza and Carolina East Mall in Greenville, North Carolina; Golden East Crossing in Rocky Mount, North Carolina; Vernon Park Mall in Kinston, North Carolina; Berkeley Mall in Goldsboro, North Carolina; and Twin Rivers Mall in New Bern, North Carolina. Combined retail space at the time of acquisition stood at . In 2005, the Greenville, Rocky Mount, Kinston, and Goldsboro stores were sold by Proffitt's successor Saks, to Belk. Due to Golden East already having a Belk store, that store instead became Bed Bath & Beyond and Ross Dress for Less.

</doc>
<doc id="19114613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114613" title="Darbhung">
Darbhung

Darbhung is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,205 and had 570 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19114616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114616" title="Aaron Xuereb">
Aaron Xuereb

Aaron Xuereb (born 3 October 1979 in Floriana, Malta) is a professional football player. He currently plays for the Maltese First Division side Gżira United, where he plays as a defender.
Playing career.
Floriana.
Xuereb began his career with Floriana during the Maltese Premier League 1996–97 season. As a youngster, first team opportunities were few and fair between, but he still notched up six appearances, without scoring, as Floriana helped itself to a 3rd place finish in the Maltese Premier League.
The Maltese Premier League 1997–98 season, was Xuereb’s second season, and it proved to be his last as a Floriana player. He showed promise, but again Aaron only made a handful of appearances, four to be exact, without scoring. Floriana went on to finish the season in 5th position in the Maltese Premier League.
Hibernians.
Xuereb joined fellow Maltese Premier League side Hibernians for the 1998–99 season, Aaron made himself an instant first team addition to the Hibernians defence. He went on to make 19 appearances and scored one goals, as he helped Hibernians record a 4th place finish in Maltese Premier League.
Aaron went into the 1999–00 season, a permanent fixture in the Hibernians first team. Xuereb made 28 appearances, but failed to score, as Hibernians recorded a 6th place finish in the Maltese Premier League.
The 2000–01 season, saw Aaron helped the club improve on the previous league position, as Hibernians went on to record a 4th place finish in the Maltese Premier League, with Xuereb making 25 appearances and scoring one goal.
Aaron tasted his first taste of success in the 2001–02 season. Xuereb proved to be a key member of the Hibernians squad that won the Maltese Premier League title. Aaron went on to make 16 appearances, but failed to score during the season.
Despite the success of the previous season, Aaron and Hibernians could not emulate the same achievement during the 2002–03 season. The club went on to finish the season in 4th position in the Maltese Premier League, with Xuereb making 22 appearances and scoring three goals.
The 2003–04 season was another that Xuereb was heavily involved. Hibernians went on to finish one place better than the previous season, in 3rd position. Adrian made 24 appearances and scored one goal during the season.
The 2004–05 season, saw Aaron continue to prove his worth, the club were never short of goals with the strike force of Andrew Cohen and Terence Scerri, who between them scored an incredible 33 goals. Xuereb helped Hibernians to another 3rd place finish in the Maltese Premier League, Xuereb went on 25 appearances, but failed to score.
Aaron’s impressive form continued into the 2005–06 season, he helped Hibernians secure a 4th place finish in the Maltese Premier League, making 23 appearances, but failed to score. Xuereb also helped the club win the Maltese Cup.
Xuereb went into the 2006–07 season, and added to his medals collection, as Hibernians secured the Maltese Cup for the second consecutive season. On the domestic front, Hibernians finished in 5th position in the Maltese Premier League, with Aaron making 24 appearances and scoring two goals. Aaron’s form had not gone unnoticed, as he received his first cap for the Maltese national team during the season.
The 2007–08 season turned out to be a very disappointing one for Hibernians, as the club finished the first phase of the season in the relegation pool, there was never any doubt the club would avoid relegation, and finished the season in 7th position. Xuereb went on to make 20 appearances and score two goals. The club did however have one thing to shout about, as the won the Maltese Super Cup.
Hibernians went from one extreme to the other during the 2008–09 season. Under the guidance of new manager Mark Miller, the club shocked the critics and beat Valletta by two points to win the Maltese Premier League title. Aaron made 18 appearances, but failed to score any goals.
Aaron hoped to help Hibernians retain the Maltese Premier League title for the 2009–10, however the quest took some severe setbacks, as Hibernians sold the Maltese Player of the Year Clayton Failla to Sliema Wanderers, and Striker Terence Scerri joined Valletta.
Honours.
Hibernians.
Winner
Career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of match played 9 August 2009."

</doc>
<doc id="19114626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114626" title="Ashley Shuyler">
Ashley Shuyler

Ashley Shuyler is the founder of AfricAid, a nonprofit organization that supports girls’ education in Africa in order to provide young women with the opportunity to transform their own lives and the futures of their communities. Since its inception in 2001, AfricAid has supported thousands of Tanzanian students in their educational and professional goals.
Shuyler was born in 1985 and grew up in Houston, Texas and Golden, Colorado. Her parents are Nina and Richard Shuyler.
Education.
During a trip to Tanzania in 1996, Shuyler learned that only a small fraction of girls in Tanzania are able to obtain an education beyond the primary school level. In response to that experience, she founded AfricAid. As a student at Colorado Academy in Denver at the time, Shuyler came to believe that education is the most crucial component of any long-term solution to the challenges facing Africa, particularly in the areas of poverty, health and inequality. After high school, Shuyler attended Harvard University, where she continued to explore issues of international development in the third world. During her time there, she conducted research in several Maasai communities and served as a teacher in rural regions of Tanzania, India, and China. Shuyler's thesis at Harvard provided an assessment of Tanzania’s system of national examinations. She graduated from Harvard in 2008 and was elected to the Phi Beta Kappa Society at that time. In 2011, Shuyler joined the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
AfricAid.
Shuyler served the Executive Director of AfricAid until 2011, and is currently a member of its Board of Directors. During her time as Executive Director, she returned to Tanzania for several months every year to work with AfricAid's partners and build its programs. In 2010, Shuyler launched the Kisa Project, a new AfricAid initiative that supports girls' scholarships and leadership training in Africa. While in the U.S., Shuyler has worked to grow AfricAid's reach through events, presentations, and film screenings of "Somebody Like Me", a documentary film she produced about life in a rural Maasai village. In 2007, KidHaven Press published a biography about Shuyler by Rachel Lynette for its Young Heroes series.

</doc>
<doc id="19114629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114629" title="Lionel Long">
Lionel Long

Lionel Joaquin Paul Long, OAM (19391 January 1998) was an Australian country and Western and folk singer, songwriter, guitarist, television and film actor, and artist.
Long became one of Australia's most successful and popular country/western/folk artists in the 1960s, releasing over a dozen LPs for EMI. He was also well known for his appearances on television programs such as "Homicide".
Early life.
Lionel Long was born in Burwood, a Sydney suburb, and grew up at Bondi with his mother Aileen and father Ernest, an accomplished violinist.
After briefly working as a jackaroo in the Hunter Valley, Long returned with his family to Sydney, where he attended Hawkesbury Agricultural College, studying commercial art. He learnt to play the guitar with his long-time friend, Gary Shearston. Both young men had a fondness for country/folk music and shared song verses at the Long family home at Rose Bay.
Career.
While studying at Hawkesbury Agricultural College, Long's musical talent was recognised by Ron Wills of EMI Columbia and Lionel was signed to the music label. Ron Wills had previously produced the breakthrough Australian country hit "Pub With No Beer" by Slim Dusty and had also signed Frank Ifield to the label. Long's friend Shearston also went on to fame, recording under the label of CBS.
The 1950s and early 1960s saw folk music become popular in Australia with the success of American folk revivalists The Weavers and The Kingston Trio, and later Bob Dylan, Joan Baez and Peter Paul and Mary. The Australian folk music scene's popularity was aided by the international success of Australian band, The Seekers. Australian musicians and producers started to research and re-discover Australian folk music from the 18th and 19th centuries, such as "Botany Bay", "Bound For South Australia" and the most famous of all Australian folk songs, "Waltzing Matilda". It was this folk music revival that made EMI Columbia insist that Lionel move away from his love of country & western music and record folk music.
In 1958, Long released his first singles. Through the EMI Columbia label, Long released almost a dozen albums from 1961 to 1970, meeting critical acclaim and becoming Australia's most popular performer of traditional "bush music". After his first LP in 1961, "Waltzing Matilda", and his second in 1962, "Wild Colonial Boy", Long had established himself as a household name. In 1963, he released his third LP, "The Bold Bushrangers: Songs of Wild Colonial Days", which featured Australian artist Sidney Nolan's "Ned Kelly" on the sleeve.
Many of Long's albums featured accompaniment by other musicians including Dave Guard of The Kingston Trio (who emigrated to Australia in the early 1960s), guitarist and teacher Don Andrews and jazz legend Don Burrows.
Television.
During the 1960s Long's profile was boosted by appearances on many TV shows, including the hit Channel 9 music programme "Bandstand". In 1962, the rocker Johnny O'Keefe suffered a breakdown after disagreements with the producers of his "Johnny O'Keefe Show". While O'Keefe convalesced, Long took over as host of the show, retitled "Sing Sing Sing", for a year. Soon after O'Keefe returned to host the show in early 1963, Long's popularity was so strong that he was given his own TV programme titled "Music Time", which aired for a year. Around this time, Long married Carole Newgrosh.
In 1964, Long released another LP, this time not entirely Australian folk songs, "Songs of the Sea". This album was dedicated to Long's early memories of fishing off the coast of New South Wales near Port Macquarie and his boyhood adventure of trying to sail from Sydney to Newcastle (130 km) in a rubber dinghy at the age of 10. Long was a keen sailor, having owned boats and spent much time sailing and fishing with friends, many of whom were famous recording artists in their own right.
Long appeared on TV again on 1 August 1964, as one of the stars of "This Is It", a show to inaugurate Channel 0, Melbourne's third commercial TV station.
Long was also an acting teacher in the early 1980s for children and teenagers, who worked from firstly a church hall in Bankstown, NSW, with Erica Watson (who was later featured in the mini-series "The Day of the Roses" played by Gigi Edgley) as his assistant coach. The acting class featured in "Simon Townsend's Wonder World", interviewed by Sheridan Jobbins, in late 1982. Long moved his acting school to the inner city of Sydney in 1984, working also with adults for the next few years in the Stanislavski Method of acting.
Film.
Having dabbled in acting on TV since 1961 ("Whiplash" and "Riptide"), Long went to London in 1964 for a cameo appearance in "The Amorous Adventures of Moll Flanders", starring Kim Novak in the title role.
Return to music.
"Long Ago: Folk Songs of the British Isles" was Long's 1965 album, and featured him playing a custom-made 6-string lute he purchased in the UK. A photograph of Long with his 6-string lute featured on the album cover for this LP and two later ones.
"A Sunburnt Country" was Long's next album, which returned to Australiana, its title taken from Dorothea Mackellar's famous poem "My Country" which featured on the LP as a spoken track. Banjo Paterson's "The Man from Snowy River" also featured as a spoken track.
In 1966, Long's next album was "Amberwren and Other Folk Songs". His 1967 release "Lionel Long Today" included the song "Follow the Wind", an unrecorded Bee Gees song.
"Homicide".
Long's best known TV role came in 1968 when he appeared on "Homicide" as Detective Bert Costello. His character was planned for only a few episodes, but Long's popularity was so great that he remained on the hit show all season and appeared in 49 episodes between 1968 and 1969. His character was eventually killed in a mine collapse.
Following his success on "Homicide", Long appeared on other Crawford Productions and other programmes. His TV credits include:
His film roles include:
Final albums.
In 1970, Long released one more album on the EMI Columbia label, titled "Close Up", before signing with RCA and releasing four folk music albums, "The Man From Snowy River", "Australia! Australia!", "Brandied Plums" and "The Best of Lionel Long". He also released several singles under RCA.
Long re-signed with EMI in 1980 and released his final album, titled "High, Wild and Handsome", which featured guitarist Tommy Emmanuel, a version of "Let It Be" by The Beatles, and the well-known Kermit the Frog song "Rainbow Connection".
Long also displayed visual artistic talents, producing illustrations for several books and guides.
Long performed his music well into the 1980s, appearing at the Sydney Opera House in 1987, and travelling to Nashville, Tennessee to work on various recording deals for a few months.
Medal of the Order of Australia.
Lionel Long was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia Medal (OAM) in the 1993 Australia Day honours, with the citation, "for service to the performing and visual arts".
Death.
Lionel Long died on 1 January 1998 in the Sacred Heart Hospital at Darlinghurst, Sydney. He was cremated in a small service at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park in Matraville, Sydney.
Stonybrook.
His vineyard homestead is now owned and managed under the name "Stonybrook" by advertising creative Matthew Batten. Batten maintains a collection of Lionel Long memorabilia, including a unique country-style chair, hand-painted by Long in a folk art style, which was included in the homestead property when Batten purchased it.

</doc>
<doc id="19114631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114631" title="Deurali, Gorkha">
Deurali, Gorkha

Deurali is a Village Development Committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,800 and had 984 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19114638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114638" title="Georgi Danov">
Georgi Danov

Georgi Danov () (born 17 October 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder for Lokomotiv Plovdiv. His first club was Maritsa Plovdiv. Danov signed a 5 years deal with Lokomotiv in June 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19114639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114639" title="Zainizam Marjan">
Zainizam Marjan

Zainizam Marjan (born on May 11, 1980) is a Malaysian footballer who was a midfielder for Sabah FA at Malaysia Premier League. He is the former member of Malaysia national football team. He is the younger brother of Sabah and Malaysia top striker during the '90s, Matlan Marjan.
Career.
Zainizam start his football career with Sabah during 2002 season. He scored 11 goals in 24 matches during 2002 season to help Sabah clinch third place in Malaysia Premier I League. He also help Sabah to reach the final of the 2002 Malaysia Cup scoring six goals in the road to the final.
Allan Harris the national team coach at that time took him into the national senior team. He then made his international debut against Myanmar on May 17, 2002. He also feature in the match against Brazil and part of Malaysia under-23 2002 Asian Games squad. He also part of 2002 Tiger Cup squad.
During 2003, he help Sabah to fnish fourth in Malaysia Premier I League scoring only four goals. He then again help Sabah qualify into the final of Malaysia Cup for the second time but failed to win after losing to Selangor MPPJ by 3–0 scoreline.
After that, Zainizam was called up by Allan Harris to represent the Malaysia under-23 side for 2003 SEA Games. He manage to score 1 goals in Malaysia 4–3 defeat to host Vietnam. The SEA Games was his last appearances for the national team.
Since joining Sabah in 2000, Zainizam already net 62 goals for Sabah. This making him as the second overall top scorer behind Scott Ollerenshaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19114648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114648" title="Dhawa, Nepal">
Dhawa, Nepal

Dhawa is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,545 and had 736 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19114653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114653" title="TOX2">
TOX2

TOX high mobility group box family member 2, also known as TOX2, is a human gene.
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of a subfamily of transcription factors that also includes TOX, TOX3, and TOX4 that share almost identical HMG-box DNA-binding domains which function to modify chromatin structure.

</doc>
<doc id="19114654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114654" title="Dhuwakot, Gorkha">
Dhuwakot, Gorkha

Dhuwakot is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,814 and had 757 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19114672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114672" title="Lupche-Savino River">
Lupche-Savino River

Lupche-Savino River () is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. It is 15 km in length. The Lupche-Savino River originates in the Lake Bolshoye Savino and flows into the Lupcha Bay of Kandalaksha Gulf. 

</doc>
<doc id="19114673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114673" title="Naked Girl Killed in the Park">
Naked Girl Killed in the Park

Naked Girl Killed in the Park (, ) is a 1972 thriller film directed by Alfonso Brescia and starring Robert Hoffmann.

</doc>
<doc id="19114674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114674" title="Fujel">
Fujel

Fujel is a town in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,563 and had 841 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19114688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114688" title="Gaikhur">
Gaikhur

Gaikhur is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,793 and had 948 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19114702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114702" title="CLIO">
CLIO

CLIO is the Cryogenic Laser Interferometer Observatory, a prototype detector for gravitational waves. It is testing cryogenic mirror technologies for the future Large Cryogenic Gravity Telescope (LCGT).
It is an optical interferometer with two perpendicular arms 100 m long. Uniquely, the mirrors are cooled to 20 K. This reduces various thermal noise sources which trouble other gravity observatories, but cooling the mirrors (which is heated by the powerful laser used in the interferometer) while keeping them isolated from vibrations is difficult. 
CLIO is situated 1000 m underground in the Kamioka mine, Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
CLIO is one of the science facilities for physics of the Institute for Cosmic Ray Research of the University of Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19114706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114706" title="James Lonsdale-Bryans">
James Lonsdale-Bryans

In 1940, Lonsdale-Bryans travelled to Italy to meet Ulrich von Hassell, the German ambassador to Italy. He believed von Hassell would be receptive to the idea of a pact between Britain and Germany at the outbreak of World War II. The terms of this pact were that Germany would have a free hand in Europe in return for Britain running the rest of the world. However, he unsuccessfully attempted to arrange a meeting with both U.S. General Dwight D. Eisenhower and British General Bernard Montgomery.
Lonsdale-Bryans had the ear of several members of British Parliament, including Lord Halifax, but the level of support of said MPs is unknown. A handwritten note by the MI5 stated: "He went to Italy with the knowledge of the Foreign Office in order to develop his contacts. He greatly exceeded his instructions."
MI5 decided against having him arrested, due to the possible support he was receiving from members of Parliament (potentially including Neville Chamberlain), and the embarrassment this would have caused. Lonsdale-Bryan was on friendly terms with powerful members of the British aristocracy, including the Duke of Buccleuch and Lord Brocket, who also were Nazi sympathizers.
When Winston Churchill succeeded Chamberlain as Prime Minister, Lord Halifax remained as Foreign Secretary until, in January 1941, he was sent to Washington as British Ambassador. Lonsdale-Bryans's political influence therefore disappeared.

</doc>
<doc id="19114729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114729" title="Czesław Śpiewa">
Czesław Śpiewa

Czesław Śpiewa (Translation: "Czesław Sings", born Czesław Mozil on April 12, 1979 in Zabrze) is a Polish singer, composer, and musician (mostly using the accordion), and graduate of the Royal Danish Academy of Music.
Life.
Mozil moved to Denmark when he was 5, returning to Poland at the age of 28. He makes hard-to-classify music, with pieces of cabaret, rock, and even punk rock.
He also founded the Danish rock band Tesco Value (name of the group comes from his nickname, which was given to young Czesław Mozil on a vacation in England).
In 2007 he played live with the Polish band Hey during their "MTV Unplugged" show.
Czesław is a judge on the talent show X-Factor (Poland).

</doc>
<doc id="19114739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114739" title="FC Juventus Bucureşti">
FC Juventus Bucureşti

FC Juventus Bucureşti can refer to two Romanian football teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19114761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114761" title="TOX3">
TOX3

TOX high mobility group box family member 3, also known as TOX3, is a human gene.
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of a subfamily of transcription factors that also includes TOX, TOX2, and TOX4 that share almost identical HMG-box DNA-binding domains which function to modify chromatin structure.
Disease linkage.
Mutations in the TOX3 gene are associated with an increased risk of breast cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19114783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114783" title="Haven, New York">
Haven, New York

Haven is a hamlet south of Wurtsboro, New York, on route 209 and Haven Road which crosses the Basha Kill to the South Rd. The area is known by the old Moose Lodge which now appears to be closed. The Brownsville cemetery is at the end of Tow Path Road, a cemetery from the 1830s situated in the woods above the Basha Kill. The hamlet also has Giovanni's Inn an Italian restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="19114789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114789" title="Long Arm of the Godfather">
Long Arm of the Godfather

Long Arm of the Godfather () is a 1972 Italian crime film directed by Nardo Bonomi and starring Adolfo Celi.

</doc>
<doc id="19114792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114792" title="Middle Island, Hong Kong">
Middle Island, Hong Kong

Middle Island (熨波洲, Tong Po Chau) is an island of Hong Kong. Administratively, it is part of Southern District.
Geography.
Middle Island is located 100 m off the southern coast of Hong Kong Island, between Deep Water Bay and Repulse Bay.
Features.
Middle Island houses one of the three clubhouses of the Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club. The site is accessible by the Club's own sampan ferry from Deep Water Bay and has its own private beach.
The island also houses the Middle Island Clubhouse of the Aberdeen Boat Club. The Clubhouse is open only on weekends or on public holidays.
There is also a Tin Hau temple on the island.

</doc>
<doc id="19114800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114800" title="Harald Nugiseks">
Harald Nugiseks

Harald Nugiseks (22 October 1921 – 2 January 2014) was an SS-Oberscharführer (Sergeant) in World War II, who served voluntarily in the 20th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Estonian) of the Waffen SS. Nugiseks is also one of the four Estonian soldiers who received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Biography.
Nugiseks was born in Vanaõu farmstead, Karjaküla village, Särevere Parish, Järva County, Estonia. In 1943, he voluntarily joined the Estonian Legion. He received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for leading the capture of the Vaasa-Siivertsi-Vepsküla bridgehead. As the I Battalion, Waffen-Grenadier Regiment der SS 46 lost almost all of its officers, Nugiseks stepped in as the leader of the attack. He immediately changed tactics, loading the supply of hand grenade onto sledges so the attackers would not have to crawl back for the supplies over the mine field. With the hand grenades being passed on along the trenches, the bridgehead was squeezed in from the north by the "rolling" tactics.
Nugiseks was mentioned in the Wehrmachtbericht and in the magazine Signal following his Knight's Cross award, which was personally given to him by the SA occupation head in Estonia, Karl-Siegmund Litzmann, while Nugiseks was in hospital. It was filmed.
Afterwards Nugiseks got demoted for fighting with some soldiers who were harassing Red Cross nurses. During the Soviet assault on Estonia in September 1944, Nugiseks's home was destroyed. Nugiseks was captured by Czech partisans in May 1945 and put in a POW camp. After three unsuccessful escape attempts, Nugiseks served time after being handed over to the Soviets, who sentenced him to 10 years in the Gulag and 5 years deportation in Siberia. Nugiseks managed to return to Estonia, where he worked until retirement.
In the 1970s, Nugiseks built a house for his family with his own hands. As a result of his service to his country, in 1992 Nugiseks was made a Captain of the Estonian Army. Nugiseks attended another Estonian Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross holder, Alfons Rebane's reburial in Estonia in 1999 by the Estonian government. In October 2008, he was awarded the Medal of Gratitude by the Estonian people, after collecting of 4229 signatures.

</doc>
<doc id="19114837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114837" title="Britten (surname)">
Britten (surname)

Britten is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19114847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114847" title="Marketing exposure">
Marketing exposure

Marketing exposure is the amount of funds invested in a particular type of security and/or market sector or industry and usually expressed as a percentage of total portfolio holdings. It is also simply known as "exposure." Exposure is the product of a marketing strategy, and once the strategy is implemented it is only a matter of time before exposure is put into action. Consumers recognize "marketing exposure" when the company creates and promotes a campaign. There are three types of marketing exposure: intensive, selective, and exclusive.
Overview.
Marketing exposure is put into action after a marketing strategy has been implemented. In the marketing world, exposure is a number within a portfolio. In the consumer world, exposure is a company's campaign or brand that is trying to market specific products to help service the consumer. It is also a way to make a business stand out in the marketplace. Without marketing exposure, campaigns would be non-existent and therefore companies would suffer.
Purpose.
Marketing exposure is a major part that determines a company's success in their market. Although it is never directly identified or defined, it crucial for helping a company progress, creating competition for other companies, making the company more credible with consumers, and overall benefit both the company while satisfying consumers. While all of this may seem easy, it takes months of preparation in order to create, launch, and manage a campaign. Campaigns must be exposed thoroughly in the market as much as possible without annoying or bothering consumers to the point of "overexposing" the campaign. There is a fine balance between keeping the consumers interested in a product or brand, and annoying them to the point that they have no interest in supporting a company. In order to expose a campaign successfully, there are many factors that must be taken into consideration.
Objectives.
Exposure objectives are the basic goals that the company is looking to accomplish in their campaign. Among the important goals, first understanding their consumer is key. In order for successful exposure, the company must create a "target market" or identify the specific consumer and what their needs are. Consumer factors and environmental factors can determine whether or not the company is capable of selling their product or service. Therefore, the company must evaluate what they have to offer and then determine how their product can help the consumer. Once the consumer and their needs have been identified, companies can figure out their goals and strategies as to how they can get the consumer to choose their product or service over the competitor's.
Factors.
Within the objectives, factors must be taken into consideration. Factors fall into Environmental, Consumer, Product, and Company categories. Understanding these factors and how they effect the marketplace can greatly determine whether or not the objectives (or goals) can be attained.
Environmental.
Environmental factors include change in every day consumer life. Examples include changes in family lifestyles, advances in technology, and the way consumers use the Internet. Companies cannot directly control changes in the environment, however they can create objectives or ways to market the product. If the company can expose the product in the right way, companies can convince the consumer that the product will improve their environment and create a service they believe they need.
Consumer.
Consumer factors are key to selling a product. A company is capable of taking their product and selling it to potential buyers only if company understands their buyers. That is why companies must ask important questions such as: Who are potential customers? Where do they buy? When do they buy? How do they buy? What do they buy? Having a deeper understanding of these questions will help companies analyze their consumer and how to best approach consumers with the product.
Product.
The company's product is something that the company already has a deep understanding of. What makes the product such an important factor is determining its purpose and value in the marketplace. The purpose of the product depends on the tasks it completes, how small or large it is, and its complexity just to name a few. Next, the value in the particular marketplace is important because if it is a product such as a scientific computer it will be expensive, which eliminates are large group of consumers because not many may want to pay for a scientific computer. Whereas pepper, a fairly inexpensive necessity will attract many more consumers since it is used in everyday life and the consumer demographic is much larger.
Company.
The company factors are of highest importance. The company must have a deep understanding of their place in the marketplace, and recognize their financial, human, and technological capabilities. The financial, human, and technological capabilities of a company determine how efficiently the company can execute their campaign. Once these factors are understood and recognized, the company can then create a successful campaign.
Strategizing.
Once objectives are set, the company can begin strategizing how they can successfully approach and execute their campaign. The basic principles of marketing strategy are simply stated: to achieve persistent success in the marketplace over competition. With these basic principles, the company must recognize their competition, and strategize how they can be unique, while yielding positive results in the marketplace. In order to yield the best results in the market place, there are two essential elements within strategizing: the issue of the position, specifically within the 'strategic triangle' (the customers, competitors, and corporation), and of time (the analysis of history). Using these principles and essential elements, companies must develop their campaign strategies. The company must develop these strategies and then determine their rate of exposure, who they are exposing it to, and how they plan on presenting the information. These strategies embody a range of marketing techniques from the campaign slogan to where advertising will take place.
The Portfolio.
The general goal of the portfolio is to compile data to show to customers or employers how successful or unsuccessful the campaign and exposure was. Since the global financial crisis, it has been crucial for companies to use portfolios. The marketing exposure portfolio holds all of the monetary information that assesses how the exposure is interacting with consumers in the marketplace, the amount of money being spent on the campaign, as well as the amount of returns the company is getting for the campaign from the consumers. This portfolio helps to determine the gross potential, and when the company can break even.
After the campaign has ended, it also allows the company to assess how well their campaign worked and whether or not consumers embraced the company's product.
Examples.
Nike: Nike, Inc. is a global brand that uses the Nike "Swoosh" as its logo/symbol. Because their marketing campaigns and exposure in athletic clothing retail has been so successful in their market, they have established themselves as a leading retailer that their "Swoosh" is trademarked. Without strategic planning or successful marketing, exposure would be nearly impossible and the brand would not be a foundation in athletic retail. They provide all ranges of sports and athletic gear from hockey sticks to running shorts. Their competitors include Adidas, Under Armor, and Puma.
Target: Target Corporation is a global brand that uses the red, three ringed "Target" as its logo. They have been very successful in the area of retailing or, more specifically, discount retailing. With their designer clothing campaigns from Isaac Mizrahi, Marc Jacobs, and Diane Von Furstenberg to name a few. Using such campaigns Target has been able to establish itself as a leading competitor in high retail goods for a discounted price. They are the second highest retailer after Walmart.

</doc>
<doc id="19114865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114865" title="N-I (rocket)">
N-I (rocket)

The N-I or N-1 was a derivative of the American Delta rocket, produced under licence in Japan. It used a Thor-ELT first stage, a Mitsubishi Heavy Industries-designed LE-3 engine was used as a second stage, and three Castor SRMs. Seven were launched between 1975 and 1982, before it was replaced by the N-II. Six of the seven launches were successful, however on the fifth flight, there was recontact between the satellite and the third stage, which caused the satellite to fail.
On 29 February 1976, the second N-I conducted the only orbital launch to occur on a leap day (as of year 2008). 

</doc>
<doc id="19114867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114867" title="Samuel Madden (computer scientist)">
Samuel Madden (computer scientist)

Samuel R. Madden is a computer scientist specializing in database management systems. He is currently a professor of computer science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Career.
Madden was born and raised in San Diego, California. After completing bachelors and master's degrees at MIT, he earned a Ph.D. specializing in database management at the University of California Berkeley under Michael Franklin and Joseph M. Hellerstein. Before joining MIT as a tenure-track professor, Madden held a post-doc position at Intel's Berkeley Research center.
Before enrolling at MIT and while an undergraduate student there, Madden wrote printer driver software for Palomar Software, a San Diego-area Macintosh software company. Professor Madden is also a co-founder of Vertica Systems. He has been involved in various database research projects, including TinyDB, TelegraphCQ, Aurora/Borealis, C-Store, and H-Store. In 2005, at the age of 29 he was named to the TR35 as one of the Top 35 Innovators Under 35 by MIT Technology Review magazine. Recent projects include CarTel, a distributed wireless platform that monitors traffic and on-board diagnostic conditions in order to generate road surface reports, and Relational Cloud, a project investigating research issues in building a database-as-a-service.

</doc>
<doc id="19114885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114885" title="Pattathanam">
Pattathanam

Pattathanam is a residential area in Kollam, Kerala, India. It is located 4 km from Chinnakkada,the commercial hub of Kollam city. The famous Subrahmanya Swami Temple is located in Pattathanam.The annual elephant festival of this temple, Pattathanam Gajamela is famous. Bharata Rajni Church (Roman Catholic Latin Rite) is located in Pattathanam. The famous Malayalam film actor Mukesh hails from Pattathanam. Another notable personalities include renowned rationalist Sreeni Pattathanam, Ex-Minister/MLA Babu Divakaran, Asianet News Anchor Alakananda, Olympian Suresh.
The Ardhanarishvara temple Ammannada is located at the center part of Pattathanam.
The Pattathanam Gajamela.
The annual elephant festival of the pattathanam Subrahmanya Swami temple, Pattathanam Gajamela is very famous,it is one of the biggest elephant festival in south kerala.
Schools and Colleges.
Various schools and colleges like Vimala Hridaya Girls High School, Kristhu Raj Boys High School, Balika Mariyam LPS, Fatima Mata National College, Bishop Jerome College of Engineering are located in Pattathanam.SNDP Upper Primary School (in Pattathanam) has been selected for International School Award (ISA) of the British Council the year 2011 .

</doc>
<doc id="19114887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114887" title="Katrina Hodge">
Katrina Hodge

Corporal Katrina Hodge (born 29 March 1987) is a serving member of the British Army from Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent in south-east England who was Miss England 2009.
Biography.
Born and raised in Tunbridge Wells, she was educated from age 15 at the BRIT School for Performing Arts and Technology in Croydon. Previously, she had attended Hillview School for Girls in Tonbridge.
Army career.
Challenged by her older brother to join the Army, she signed up aged 17. After basic training she was assigned to the Royal Anglian Regiment but as a member of the Adjutant Generals Corps. She reported for duty at their barracks in Winchester, Hampshire, wearing kitten heels, false eyelashes and with her clothes in a pink suitcase, earning her the nickname "Combat Barbie."
She was deployed to Iraq in 2005. She rose to fame after it was reported in the British papers in 2005 that she had earned a commendation for her bravery whilst serving with the Royal Anglian Regiment in Iraq for wrestling two rifles from a prisoner following a road traffic accident,She was promoted to Lance Corporal.
Modelling.
Hodge was the first military member to ever enter a UK pageant. She wanted to break stereotypes of females in the Army and in Pageants.
As part-time model, at the finals for the 2008 Miss England held on 18 July 2008, she placed fourth and won Miss Eco Girl.
She was quickly signed up by lingerie firm La Senza, Originally she was the runner up in the 2009 Miss England competition, but became Miss England on 7 November 2009 when the pageant winner Rachel Christie stepped down after she was involved in a fight. She only had 48 hours to prepare before taking part in the 59th Miss World pageant held in South Africa.
As Miss England, Hodge managed to persuade the organisers to remove the bikini round from the Miss England competition. This, she said, would change people's views of beauty pageants, from being just about looks and more about the girl. Hodge said "To be Miss England you don't have to be the girl who looks best in a swimsuit, thankfully it's much more than that, it's about being a good role model". The bikini round of the 2010 competition was removed and replaced with a sportswear round. Given six months leave by the Army, she is presently the front person for dating site Uniform Dating, which specifically aims to help military personnel find love.
Return to army.
Hodge handed over the Miss England crown to Jessica Linley in September 2010, and returned to active duty in the Army. After various training exercises, Hodge deployed to Afghanistan in early 2011.
Personal life.
Hodge married Neil, who is also in the military, in Sri Lanka in June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19114905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114905" title="Magnesium responsive RNA element">
Magnesium responsive RNA element

The Magnesium responsive RNA element, not to be confused with the completely distinct M-box riboswitch, is a cis-regulatory element that regulates the expression of the magnesium transporter protein MgtA. It is located in the 5' UTR of this gene. The mechanism for the potential magnesium-sensing capacity of this RNA is still unclear, though a recent report suggests that the RNA element targets the mgtA transcript for degradation by RNase E when cells are grown in high Mg2+ environments.

</doc>
<doc id="19114921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114921" title="Antal Reguly">
Antal Reguly

Antal Reguly () (1819—1858) was a Hungarian linguist and ethnographer notable for his contribution to the study of Uralic languages. In 1843-4 he became the first ethnographer to visit the Mansi (Vogul) people to collect data on their language and folklore. Reguly's field work among the Uralic peoples of Russia ruined his health and he died young, leaving much of the material he had collected to be edited by his successors, who included Pál Hunfalvy. Reguly also visited Finland and translated parts of the Finnish national epic, "The Kalevala", into Hungarian.

</doc>
<doc id="19114928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114928" title="32nd Tony Awards">
32nd Tony Awards

The 32nd Annual Tony Awards was broadcast by CBS television on June 4, 1978 from the Shubert Theatre in New York City. This was the first time that CBS broadcast the ceremony, which had previously been shown on the ABC television network. 
The ceremony.
Presenters were Ed Asner, Mikhail Baryshnikov, Carol Channing, Bonnie Franklin, Robert Guillaume, Julie Harris, Helen Hayes, Bob Hope, Gene Kelly, Linda Lavin, Jack Lemmon, Hal Linden, Roy Scheider, and Dick Van Patten.
Bonnie Franklin introduced each segment from her seat in the audience. Bob Hope presented the "Lawrence Langer" Special Award to Irving Berlin, who was not present at the ceremony. The theme of the ceremony was "footlights", with each presenter telling of the first time they saw live theatre.
Musicals represented: 
Winners and nominees.
"Winners are in bold "

</doc>
<doc id="19114936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114936" title="Fish soup">
Fish soup

Fish soup is a usually a warm food made by combining fish or seafood with vegetables and stock, juice, water, or another liquid. Hot soups are additionally characterized by boiling solid ingredients in liquids in a pot until the flavors are extracted, forming a broth.
Traditionally, soups are classified into two main groups: "clear soups" and "thick soups". The established French classifications of clear soups are "bouillon" and "consommé". Thick soups are classified depending upon the type of thickening agent used: "bisques" are made from puréed shellfish or vegetables thickened with "cream"; cream soups may be thickened with béchamel sauce; and "veloutés" are thickened with eggs, butter, and cream. Other ingredients commonly used to thicken soups and broths include rice, lentils, flour, and grains; many popular soups also include carrots and potatoes.
Fish soups are similar to fish stews, and in some cases there may not be a clear distinction between the two; however, fish soups generally have more liquid than stews.
Fish soups have been made since early times. Some soups are served with large chunks of fish or vegetables left in the liquid, while a broth is a flavored liquid usually derived from simmering a food or vegetable for a period of time in a stock.Bisques are heavy cream soups traditionally prepared with shellfish, but can be made with any type of seafood or puree of vegetables or fruits. Cream soups are flavored broths thickened with a white sauce. Although they may be consumed on their own, or with a meal, the canned, condensed form of cream soup is sometimes used as a quick sauce in a variety of meat and pasta convenience food dishes, such as casseroles. Similar to a bisque, chowders are thick soups usually containing seafood and potatoes, milk and cream.

</doc>
<doc id="19114940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114940" title="Libera, My Love">
Libera, My Love

Libera, My Love () is a 1975 Italian drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini and starring Claudia Cardinale. 

</doc>
<doc id="19114941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114941" title="Armed Forces Personnel Administration Agency">
Armed Forces Personnel Administration Agency

The Armed Forces Personnel Administration Agency (AFPAA) was a UK Ministry of Defence Tri-Service Defence Agency from April 1997 until it was merged into the Service Personnel and Veterans Agency on 2 April 2007.
Its role was to provide a full range of pay, pensions and personnel administration services to the British Armed Forces. In January 1998 the Agency’s commercial Public Private Partnership (PPP) partner, Electronic Data Systems Defence Ltd (EDS), assumed responsibility for the delivery of Information Systems.
AFPAA operated from sites at Gosport, Glasgow, RAF Innsworth and RAF Worthy Down.
Vision.
To deliver excellent Armed Forces personnel administration through outstanding customer service
Mission.
To support UK Defence Capability through the accurate payment of military personnel and provision of quality personnel administration and information services on a harmonised basis

</doc>
<doc id="19114950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114950" title="Icon bar">
Icon bar

In computing, the icon bar is the name of the dock in Acorn's RISC OS operating system, and is fundamental to the OS. Its introduction in 1987 (as part of "Arthur", the predecessor to ) was a new concept in GUIs. It displays icons through which access is provided to all parts of the computer that a typical user will require, from physical devices and system utilities to running applications, and will usually be their starting point for interacting with the system once it has finished booting.
Appearance and features.
The bar is fixed in height and located at the bottom of the screen. It takes up the full width of the screen, and a single row of icons is displayed within. Icons are either justified to the left or the right edge of the screen, at the control of the owning program. According to Acorn's official RISC OS Style Guide, a program should place its icons to the left hand side of the icon bar if they relate to physical devices or resources such as filing systems. These will have an item of text underneath them identifying the device or resource. All other icons should be placed on the right of the bar. If too many icons are present to be displayed at once then the icon bar will extend horizontally and become wider than the screen; in order to access the non-visible icons the user must scroll the bar by hovering the mouse pointer at the appropriate edge of the screen.
The result of clicking the left mouse button (known as the "Select" button) on an icon will vary depending on what the icon represents. For filing systems, a filer window will open containing the contents of the root directory. For document-oriented applications supporting multiple open documents, clicking "Select" will open a window containing a new, empty document. This is different to the behaviour of the typical Taskbar and Dock, where clicking an icon will result in a task switch (All windows associated with the icon will be brought to the front of the window stack and will gain input focus). For programs that do not support multiple open documents, clicking its icon will typically result in the task switch behaviour.
By pressing the middle ("Menu") mouse button while the pointer is over an icon, a context-sensitive menu associated with that icon will open. Although the owner of the icon is responsible for the contents of the menu, the menus for icons with similar functions will typically contain the same subset of options. For example filing systems will allow the naming and formatting of disks, as well as an option to open a window displaying free space. Most applications will provide access to an "Info" window (displaying the version number and copyright information), online help, and a quit option.
Drag and Drop, Filer Icons (File or Directory) can be dragged and dropped on top of an Icon bar Icon to initiate a process, if the object type is known to the application. For example:
Even if there are no running applications or active filing systems, the icon bar will contain a small number of system-managed icons:
In RISC OS 3 the AddTinyDir star command was introduced, which allows an icon for any file, folder or application to be added to the left-hand side of the icon bar. This provides functionality similar to that later embodied in the Mac OS X dock.
History and evolution.
Arthur.
The icon bar first appeared in the Arthur operating system, in 1987. To the right was an "Exit" icon, which provided an exit to the command line (later to be replaced by the "Task Manager"). In keeping with the operating system as a whole, the icon bar reflected the multicolour appearance, being orange in colour
RISC OS 2.
RISC OS 2 in 1988 introduced the "Task Manager" and "Display" icons, with the "Task Manager" adopting Acorn's Archimedes logo. The colour scheme was also revised and a suite of applications supplied on floppy disk. Amongst these was one called "TinyDirs", which allowed users to dock applications and directories on the icon bar for convenient access.
RISC OS 3.
RISC OS 3 in 1991 introduced the "Apps" icon to the left and replaced the "Task Manager"s Archimedes logo with the Acorn nut. "Apps" provided access to the ROM based applications and the functionality of "TinyDirs" was replaced by the OS command "AddTinyDir". The "Shift-F12" keyboard shortcut and icon grouping were also added, with the intention of simplifying the finding of desired icons.
The whole of RISC OS, including the icon bar, was given a facelift for the 1994 release of RISC OS 3.5 on the series, including replacement of the flat grey colour with a textured wallpaper. This was referred to as the 3D "Look and Feel".
RISC OS 4.
RISC OS 4 in 1999 introduced the facility for iconised windows to be sent to the icon bar rather than the Pinboard. The facelift introduced in RISC OS 3.5 was also incorporated directly into the OS. Additionally, temporarily bringing the icon bar to the front of the window stack was enhanced by invoking this feature through moving the pointer to the bottom of the screen (previously this required "Shift-F12" on the keyboard). The "Task Manager" icon was again replaced, this time with the cube logo used by . Later versions of replaced the "Task Manager"s cube with the cogwheel, designed by Richard Hallas.
RISC OS 5.
RISC OS 5 in 2002 introduced further changes in icon design, including the Iyonix 'blue jellybean' "Task Manager" icon, again designed by Richard Hallas.
RISC OS 6.
RISC OS 6 in 2006 introduced the number 6 in the centre of the "Task Manager"s cogwheel icon. Additionally, the refinements for consistency and Style Guide compliance in RISC OS 6 have also been reflected in many icons under this version of the OS. Where appropriate, Adjust (right mouse button) clicks perform consistent operations such as loading the configuration choices for parts of the system.

</doc>
<doc id="19114957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114957" title="Independent Social Party of Angola">
Independent Social Party of Angola

Independent Social Party of Angola () is a political party in Angola. The party was founded on July 27, 1993. The party is a member of the coalition New Democracy. The party was previously a member of the coalition Parties of the Civilian Opposition, but pulled out of it and took part in founding New Democracy in December 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19114961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19114961" title="Waste Management Industry Training &amp; Advisory Board">
Waste Management Industry Training &amp; Advisory Board

WAMITAB (previously known as the Waste Management Industry Training & Advisor Board) is a registered charity and Awarding Organisation that provides end to end solutions from operative to management level qualifications in waste, resource management, recycling, cleaning, street cleansing and facilities management.These qualifications are designed to ensure that employees are safe, competent and equipped with the right skills for the roles and tasks they undertake – critical for the success of any business. WAMITAB is the awarding body for these qualifications in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, as well as a joint awarding body with the Scottish Qualifications Authority for Scotland.
Role.
When WAMITAB was first established in 1989 as the Waste Management Industry Training & Advisor Board, its remit was to determine and advise on policy and standards of education, qualifications and training for all employees in the waste management industry.
WAMITAB's first task was to develop a statutory scheme for demonstrating technical competence in the industry. This came into effect as part of the "Fit and Proper Person" requirements of the Waste Management Licensing Regulations in 1994. This scheme is based on firstly achieving a vocational qualification at Level 3 or 4 (for England, Scotland and Wales), and then the successful candidate is awarded a (COTC) by WAMITAB. In addition, WAMITAB has also developed Level 1 and 2 vocational qualifications covering other occupational activities including waste (refuse) collection, recycling, street cleansing, landfill and treatment (treatment is a term used to cover waste transfer, treatment and civic amenity activities).
In recent years, WAMITABs remit has widened to encompass the cleaning and facilities management industries due to a convergence of activities as the waste management industry becomes less focused on landfill and more focused on turning waste into valuable resources.
Vision.
WAMITAB aims to be the leading Awarding Body (and awarding body of choice) for the waste, facilities management, cleaning, resource management and environmental industries in the UK and overseas. To achieve this, WAMITAB will:
Products and Services.
Qualifications.
With over 120 full qualification pathways, learners and employers in the resource management sector can find a route which best suits their needs. For those learners or employers that do not need a full qualification to develop the skills, knowledge and understanding needed to do their job – WAMITAB offers the opportunity of choosing one or more units to support your role. To find a qualification visit: http://www.wamitab.org.uk/pg/quick-qualification-search
Apprenticeships.
These are work-based training programmes designed around the needs of employers; a package of on-the-job training and qualifications. WAMITAB offers apprenticeship frameworks in sustainable resource management, cleaning and environmental services and facilities management. For further information visit: http://www.wamitab.org.uk/pg/quick-qualification-search
Online Learning.
WAMITAB believe in embracing new technology and presenting bite sized learning to the individual when they want it ensuring that employers and individuals are not restricted by face to face delivery. WAMITAB have developed a number of simple ways to access the Skills Academy, such as purchasing individual courses, purchasing a fully branded online platform or registering as a corporate member to receive discounts and special offers. For more information visit: http://www.wamitabskillsacademy.org.uk/
Becoming a Centre.
As an awarding organisation, WAMITAB is responsible for developing employer led qualifications that provide individuals with the right skills and competencies to work safely and at the same time deliver excellence in the workplace. WAMITAB are not a direct training provider, but instead work through a network of quality assured centres. For more information about becoming a centre visit: http://www.wamitab.org.uk/pg/how-to-become-a-wamitab-centre
Accreditation.
The WAMITAB Accredit scheme recognises that many employers have their own very valuable and job-focused training programmes. By choosing to have these programmes recognised by WAMITAB, a strong quality-oriented brand within the resource management sector, the employer is able to add value and recognition to their employees’ continuous professional development and get useful support and insight from educational experts into their training provision. For more information about our ACCREDIT service visit: http://www.wamitab.org.uk/pg/wamitab-accreditation

</doc>
<doc id="19115023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115023" title="City Hall (Plattsburgh, New York)">
City Hall (Plattsburgh, New York)

Plattsburgh City Hall is an historic government building located at City Hall Place in Plattsburgh, New York. Designed by architect John Russell Pope, it was constructed in 1917 in the classical revival style. 
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 12, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19115028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115028" title="Liberal Socialist Party (Angola)">
Liberal Socialist Party (Angola)

Liberal Socialist Party () is a political party in Angola. It was founded on February 16, 1993. The party is a member of the coalition New Democracy. The party was previously a member of the coalition Parties of the Civilian Opposition, but pulled out of it and took part in founding New Democracy in December 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19115044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115044" title="Angolan Union for Peace, Democracy and Development">
Angolan Union for Peace, Democracy and Development

Angolan Union for Peace, Democracy and Development (, UADPP) is a political party in Angola. The party was founded on February 16, 1994. The party is a member of the coalition New Democracy.

</doc>
<doc id="19115045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115045" title="Le mataf">
Le mataf

Le mataf () is a 1973 drama film directed by Serge Leroy and starring Michel Constantin.

</doc>
<doc id="19115059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115059" title="Clinton County Courthouse Complex">
Clinton County Courthouse Complex

The Clinton County Courthouse Complex is a historic county government and courthouse site located at 135 Margaret Street in Plattsburgh, New York. The main courthouse was constructed in 1889.
The courthouse complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 12, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19115066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115066" title="Carmen Chalá">
Carmen Chalá

Carmen Anita Chalá-Quilumba (born June 7, 1966 in Carchi) is a judoka and former field athlete from Ecuador.
Biography.
Carmen was born in an Ecuadoran province Carchi but with heart she is from Manabí. She began with judo very very late when she was 29. 
She used to be national champion in athletics in shot put and discus throw. 
In 1995 she found that there aren't many chances to be a successful field athlete at an international level. Her older sister Eva Chalá inspired her to try judo because she practiced it herself. Carmen tried it and she was already at three Olympic Games and she is planning to participate at a fourth games in London.
One month later after first judo training she became a national champion in heavyweight. In the final she beat the best Ecuadoran judoka that time and Olympian María Cangá.
Chalá is from a big family. She has two younger stepsisters who are representing Ecuador in judo, Vanessa Chalá and Diana Chalá. She is like a mother for them and other Ecuadoran judokas like Glenda Miranda agree. They call her "Carmita".
In 2009 she wanted to join in politics but later delayed her candidature. She decided to continue as a sportsman and she wants to be in London. Maybe one day she will be president of Ecuador.
Judo.
Chalá participated at three Olympic Games but won only one match in 2004 against Sandra Köppen from Germany.
Otherwise she is very successful at continental championships and games.

</doc>
<doc id="19115083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115083" title="First conflict in the Goryeo–Khitan War">
First conflict in the Goryeo–Khitan War

The First Goryeo-Khitan War was a 10th-century conflict between the kingdom of Goryeo and Khitan forces near what is now the border between China and North Korea. It occurred in 993 and was the first of the Goryeo-Khitan Wars, which were continued with the Second Goryeo-Khitan War (1010) and Third Goryeo-Khitan War (1018).
In 993, the Khitan invaded Goryeo's northwest border with 60,000 troops. The Khitan withdrew and ceded territory to the east of the Yalu River when Goryeo agreed to end its alliance with Song China. However, Goryeo continued to communicate with Song, having strengthened its position by building fortresses in the newly gained northern territories.

</doc>
<doc id="19115089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115089" title="Enzo Mirigliani">
Enzo Mirigliani

Enzo Mirigliani (22 April 1917 – 26 September 2011) was an internationally known celebrity for his work as the head of the Miss Italy beauty pageant." Originating from Santa Caterina in Calabria, Italy, Enzo became the reason for "Miss Italy"`s success in 1959 and has continued to help preserve its popularity throughout the world. Enzo has been recognized by many and is highly respected for his tireless work to promote the "beauty of the daughters of our compatriots who live and work abroad."
Influence.
The patron of the national beauty contest, Enzo Mirigliani, was born in Santa Caterina dello Jonio (Catanzaro)...1959 [he became the deus ex machina of the competition's most famous beauty to the world: Miss Italy. His work on Ischia and [grew with him, becoming one of the most eagerly awaited events and followed by public television. Through the contest of beauty, Mirigliani aims to tell the history of costume Italian award is a model of simple beauty, the so-called "girl next door". In 1991, Mirigliani life to Miss Italy in the World: The goal is to pay tribute to the beauty of the daughters of our compatriots who live and work abroad. The idea...suffered great favors and success. Mirigliani has two daughters: Rosaria, Patrizia. The latter, for some years, [worked at his side, contributing to the success of the event.
Calabria Online
When Italians were allowed to bet on Miss Italia competitors, Enzo Mirigliani went to his competition's defense.
Italians can now legally place bets on the Miss Italy contest, and the contestants are upset.
Government rules changed to allow betting on the beauty pageant to be held this Thursday, but Miss Calabria, from the southern region, said: "We're people, not objects or, worse, animals. Betting on Miss Italy is really bad."
Purists said they were appalled at what they see as the vulgarisation of a 66-year-old national institution.
The competition's founder, Enzo Mirigliani wrote to the government to complain. The newspaper Il Messaggero said Mirigliani wrote that allowing bets "damages the girls' dignity, bringing them down to the level of champion racehorses."

</doc>
<doc id="19115095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115095" title="Allinge-Sandvig">
Allinge-Sandvig

Allinge-Sandvig is a small town on the northern coast of the Baltic island of Bornholm, Denmark. Its population is 1,633 (1 January 2013). It was part of the former municipality Allinge-Gudhjem.
History.
Prior to Allinge and Sandvig becoming urban areas, people in the bronze age lived there and made rock carvings at Madsebakke. Not all carvings of ships, suns, and footprints have survived, however. Late in the 19th century, many stone masonries flourished in the area and some rock carvings were blown up in the years between 1885 and 1902. 
Allinge and Sandvig were two separate towns, the former formed near the natural harbour on the northwestern coast, while Sandvig has been a small fishing village, whose origins can be traced to the Middle Ages, its name derived from a sandy cove on the coast. The port of Allinge dates from 1862, while that of Sandvig from 1831-33.
Hammershus fortress.
The Hammershus fortress, Northern Europe's largest medieval fortification dating from 13th century is located northwest of Allinge, near the Hammeren promontory, the northernmost point on the island.
Allinge Church.
Allinge Church stands at the centre of Allinge on a hill some 11 metres above sealevel. Initially just a small granite longhouse from the around the 14th century, in 1892 it was completely rebuilt in the Neogothic style.

</doc>
<doc id="19115103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115103" title="Imperial Service Troops">
Imperial Service Troops

The Imperial Service Troops were forces raised by the princely states of the British Indian Empire. These troops were available for service alongside the Indian Army when such service was requested by the British government. At the beginning of the 20th century, their total numbers were about 18,000 men.
The troops were routinely inspected by British army officers and generally had the same equipment as soldiers in the Indian Army. Although their numbers were relatively small, the Imperial Service Troops were employed in China and British Somaliland in the first decade of the 20th century, and later saw action in the First World War and Second World War .
Genesis.
In March 1885, after a Russian force defeated the Afghan army at Panjdeh, a village on the ill-defined Russian-Afghan frontier, the British were alarmed and immediately dispatched units from the Army of India to reinforce the North-West Frontier defenses. The "Panjdeh incident," however, also resulted in generous donations of money for a potential war effort from many Indian rulers, most notably the Nizam of Hyderabad. Although the incident was later resolved by a compromise, the timely support of the Indian princes prompted the British to create a reserve force of approximately 20,000 soldiers recruited from the armies of the Native States, but trained and equipped by the Indian Army. The cost of the training and new equipment was borne by the Native States.
Armies of the Native States.
The armies of the Native States were bound by many restrictions that were imposed by subsidiary alliances. They existed mainly for ceremonial use and for internal policing. According to the , "Since a chief can neither attack his neighbour nor fall out with a foreign nation, it follows that he needs no military establishment which is not required either for police purposes or personal display, or for cooperation with the Imperial Government. The treaty made with Gwalior in 1844, and the instrument of transfer given to Mysore in 1881, alike base the restriction of the forces of the State upon the broad ground of protection. The former explained in detail that unnecessary armies were embarrassing to the State itself and the cause of disquietude to others: a few months later a striking proof of this was afforded by the army of the Sikh kingdom of Lahore. The British Government has undertaken to protect the dominions of the Native princes from invasion and even from rebellion within: its army is organized for the defence not merely of British India, but of all the possessions under the suzerainty of the King-Emperor."
In addition, other restrictions were imposed:
"The treaties with most of the larger States are clear on this point. Posts in the interior must not be fortified, factories for the production of guns and ammunition must not be constructed, nor may the subject of other States be enlisted in the local forces. ... They must allow the forces that defend them to obtain local supplies, to occupy cantonments or positions, and to arrest deserters; and in addition to these services they must recognize the Imperial control of the railways, telegraphs, and postal communications as essential not only to the common welfare but to the common defence."
Equipment and training.
With the establishment of the Imperial Service Troops scheme in 1885 the Government of India undertook to contribute equipment and weapons to those states' forces units made available when required. In return the princely states were required to bring the contributed troops up to a level that would enable them to serve alongside regular Indian regiments. To this end Indian Army officers were seconded to IST units and schools of instruction were established for IST recruits. A senior British officer was appointed as Inspector-General of Imperial Service Troops with a staff of inspectors to undertake IST training and advise the military durbars of each of the states. In addition to the units committed to Imperial Service, the larger princely states continued to maintain traditional units for ceremonial purposes, though much reduced in numbers.
Early campaigns.
Kashmir was the first of the participating states to provide a contingent for active service. This took the form of two mountain batteries who fought in the Hunza Nagar campaign of 1891 and the subsequent Chital action of 1895. Nine Indian states provided Imperial Service detachments for the Frontier War of 1897. 
Alwar, Bikanir, Jodhpur and Malerkotla provided units for service in China during the Boxer Rising of 1901. The Bikanir Camel Corps subsequently served in Somaliland in 1902. While it was not British policy to employ Indian troops in the South African War of 1899-1902, considerable numbers of horses and quantities of equipment from Imperial Service stocks were provided by the princely states.
Imperial Service Troops in the First World War.
On the eve of war in 1914, twenty-nine Indian states were providing soldiers for the Imperial Service Troops scheme. These totalled 22,479 of whom 7,673 were cavalry, 10,298 infantry and 2,723 transport corps. Smaller numbers served as artillery, sappers and signals personnel, while Camel Corps troopers, mainly recruited in Bikanir, numbered 637. During the First World War 18,000 Imperial Service soldiers saw service in Mesopotamia, Egypt, Palestine and East Africa. Sappers and transport units were sent to France. Contingents from the smaller states did not serve overseas but were employed, on internal security duties or training cavalry remounts, in India itself. In the emotional atmosphere prevailing at the beginning of the war many of the Indian rulers went beyond meeting the standing commitment to make Imperial Service Troops available for whatever purpose the Government of India decided. In September 1914 the Viceroy Lord Hardinge reported that 700 Indian princes had offered their services in various forms from the sending of troops to the provision of hospital ships or financial assistance.
Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade.
From 1914 to 1916, as part of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force commanded by General Maxwell, the 15th Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade with the 10th and 11th Indian Divisions, the Bikanir Camel Corps and three batteries of Indian Mountain Artillery, took part in the Defence of the Suez Canal Campaign at the beginning of the Sinai and Palestine Campaign.
The Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade, made up of the Jodhpore Imperial Service Lancers, the Mysore Imperial Service Lancers and the 1st Hyderabad Imperial Service Lancers, continued to serve in the Egyptian Expeditionary Force during 1917 and in 1918 formed the 15th (Imperial Service) Cavalry Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General Cyril Rodney Harbord, in the 5th Cavalry Division commanded by Major General H. J. Macandrew. They took part in the cavalry phase of the Battle of Megiddo and were still fighting when the war ended near Aleppo after advancing from Damascus.
Between the wars.
In 1920 the Imperial Service Troops system was reviewed and revised. The renamed Indian States Forces were divided into Field Service Units: organized, trained and armed to Indian Army standard, and General Service Units available as a reserve. On paper the Indian States Forces comprised approximately 50,000 men drawn from forty-nine states. Economic and other considerations slowed progress in introducing the new scheme, which was not fully implemented until 1939.
World War II.
During the Second World War the Indian States or Princely states provided 250,000 men for service with the Indian States Forces (ISF). ISF units saw service in Malaya, Burma, North Africa, the Middle East and Italy while detachments served as garrison and internal security troops in India itself. Five ISF battalions were part of the garrison of Singapore when it fell to the Japanese in February 1942.
Post Independence.
Following 1947, sixty-nine former Indian States Forces units were transferred into the part of the Indian Army which transferred to the new Dominion of India. ISF infantry units were generally added to existing regular regiments: the 1st and 2nd Patiala Infantry for example becoming the 15th and 16th (Patiala) battalions of the Punjab Regiment. Six ISF cavalry regiments were however amalgamated to form the newly raised 61 Cavalry, which remains the only horse mounted non-ceremonial unit in the Indian Army. Four ISF infantry regiments and one mountain artillery battery were incorporated into the new Pakistan Army.

</doc>
<doc id="19115105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115105" title="Black Holiday">
Black Holiday

Black Holiday () is a 1973 Italian drama film directed by Marco Leto and starring Adolfo Celi.

</doc>
<doc id="19115106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115106" title="Too Much of Heaven">
Too Much of Heaven

"Too Much of Heaven" is a song written by Italian dance group Eiffel 65 and the third official single from their first album "Europop". The song was released to the U.S. and released in European countries in May 2000. The song was not released in the United Kingdom. This was the last Eiffel 65 song to peak at number 2 on the Italian singles chart, and a top 25 hit in France and Switzerland.
Music video.
Two official music videos were made for this song. Both videos featured the band performing in a white backdrop studio. The first video however, featured footage from various Eiffel 65 concerts, whereas the second video instead showed the band performing as ninjas wearing luminous makeup performing karate moves.

</doc>
<doc id="19115116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115116" title="The Point Historic District">
The Point Historic District

The Point is an Historic District located in Plattsburgh, New York roughly bounded by Jay, Hamilton, Peru, and Bridge Streets. It contains a collection of historic homes dating from about 1815. The district is adjacent to the historic D & H Railroad Complex and also Plattsburgh Bay, an arm of Lake Champlain. It is bounded by the railroad from the north, by Plattsburgh Bay from the east, and by the Saranac River, which separates it from downtown Plattsburg, from the west.
The historic district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 12, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19115121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115121" title="Mikhail Gasparov">
Mikhail Gasparov

Mikhail Leonovich Gasparov (, April 13, 1935, Moscow – November 7, 2005, Moscow) was a Russian philologist and translator, renowned for his studies in classical philology and the history of versification, and a member of the informal Tartu-Moscow Semiotic School. He graduated from Moscow State University in 1957 and worked at the Institute of World Literature, the Russian State University for the Humanities and the Russian Language Institute in Moscow. In 1992 Gasparov was elected a full member of the Russian Academy of Science.
In 1995 Mikhail Gasparov was awarded the State Prize of the Russian Federation.
In 1997 he shared the Little Booker Prize with Aleksandr Goldstein for their publications analysing Russian literature from a historical-philosophical point of view.
In 1999 Gasparov was awarded the Andrei Bely Prize for his essay collection "Notes and excerpts" ().
Gasparov was also a poet. He published translations of classical and modern European poetry, yet only one of his own poems was published during his lifetime.
Gasparov was a member of the editorial board of "Literary Monuments" () book series, journals "Journal of Ancient History" (), "Literary Research" (), "Elementa" (USA), "Rossica Romana" (Italy).
Mikhail Gasparov published about 300 articles, translations and other works, including the monographs "Fable in Antiquity" (, 1971), "Modern Russian Versification" (, 1974), "Overview of the History of Russian Versification" (, 1984), "Overview of the History of European Versification" (, 1989).
During his last years Gasparov was actively engaged in publishing the collected works of the Russian poet Osip Mandelstam.
Commemorating Mikhail Gasparov, the Russian State University for the Humanities organises annual conferences dedicated to the main fields of Gasparov's academic research -- classical philology and Russian literature of the 19th and early 20th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="19115126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115126" title="Gasparov">
Gasparov

Gasparov () and Gasparova (feminine; Гаспарова) is a Russian surname. 
People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19115128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115128" title="Tarali Sarma">
Tarali Sarma

Tarali Sarma (Assamese: তৰালী শৰ্মা) is a singer from Assam, who won the National Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer in the year 2003 for the Assamese film "Akashitorar Kothare". Her father is Prabhat Sarma who is a renowned folk exponent, flutist, music director and a Sangeet Natak Akademi Awardee. Tarali is a versatile singer and music director in the Assamese film industry. She has composed music for films like "Akashitorar Kothare", "Laaz", "Jatra the passage", "Basundhara" and "Abhijatri", among others. She has also released several albums such as "Abhixari Priya", "Sonjoni", "Sankar Madhav", "Sneh", "Pohar", "Tarali", and "Bargit".
Tarali Sarma performed in Valley Forge in Pennsylvania during Assam 2009 organized by Assam Society of America. She also performed in Colorado Springs, Colorado during Assam 2010 organized by Assam Society of America.
Tarali's album list also includes Abhimaan, Prajapati, Nayanmoni (with Krishnamani Nath), Mukoli etc. in which she has created some beautiful melodies.

</doc>
<doc id="19115136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115136" title="Citadel Hill">
Citadel Hill

Citadel Hill is a term usually applied to a hilltop military stronghold. It can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19115146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115146" title="The Devil Is a Woman">
The Devil Is a Woman

The Devil Is a Woman, based on the Pierre Louys novel "La Femme et le Pantin" can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19115153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115153" title="National Union for Democracy">
National Union for Democracy

National Union for Democracy () is a political party in Angola. The party was founded on October 2, 1991. The party is a member of the coalition New Democracy. The party was previously a member of the coalition Parties of the Civilian Opposition, but pulled out of it and took part in founding New Democracy in December 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19115187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115187" title="Second conflict in the Goryeo–Khitan War">
Second conflict in the Goryeo–Khitan War

The Second Goryeo-Khitan War was an 11th-century conflict between the kingdom of Goryeo and Khitan forces near what is now the border between China and North Korea. It was the second of the Goryeo-Khitan Wars, with the First Goryeo-Khitan War occurring in 993, the second in 1010, and the third in 1018.

</doc>
<doc id="19115194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115194" title="Stayko Stoychev">
Stayko Stoychev

Stayko Stoychev () (born 30 August 1989 in Chirpan) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing for Calisia Kalisz as a midfielder.
Career.
He was raised in Lokomotiv Plovdiv's youth teams and made his competitive debut for Lokomotiv in a match against Beroe Stara Zagora on 1 April 2007. He played for 14 minutes. The result of the match was a 5:0 win for Loko. He played than in the following years for PFC Brestnik 1948, PFC Chavdar Byala Slatina, Kom-Minyor, FK Chirpan and OFC Sliven 200. On 16. Januar 2012 left Bulgaria and signed with polish II. Liga club KP Calisia Kalisz. He played with the club until Mai 2012 and was after an brutal kick suspended by his club Calisia Kalisiz for a half year. Stoychev was than in March 2013 reprieved by Kalisz and joined until the end of the season, on loan to IV liga club KS Opatówek.

</doc>
<doc id="19115212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115212" title="International military decoration authorized by the US military">
International military decoration authorized by the US military

An international decoration is a military award which is not bestowed by a particular country, but rather by an international organization such as the United Nations or NATO. Such awards are normally issued as service medals, for participation in various international military operations, and not for specific acts of heroism or bravery. 
The following is a list of the most commonly recognized international military decorations that has been or is currently awarded to members of the United States military. Such awards are always worn after all United States decorations, but before all Foreign decorations. 
The list below is by no means comprehensive, but does display the awards which have been bestowed to U.S. service members by international organizations.
United Nations.
<br>
The Assistant Secretary of Defense approved a change to the policy of the wear of United Nations Medal's. 
"Effective" on 13 October 1995, any US military personnel who is awarded a United Nations Medal may wear the ribbon of the first UN medal for which they qualify. Subsequent awards of the United Nations Medal for service in a different mission is noted by adding a bronze service star to the current ribbon. No more than "one" UN medal or ribbon may be worn at a time.
NATO.
North Atlantic Treaty Organization
<br>
To date the following medals are the only NATO Medal's authorized for wear by the US military personnel.
Members may accept, but may not wear the "NATO Macedonia Medal" and the "NATO Non-Article 5 Medal for service in Iraq, under the NTM-I".
SICOFAA.
System of Cooperation Among the American Air Forces
See also.
Awards and decorations of the United States military

</doc>
<doc id="19115220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115220" title="List of castles and palaces in Jelenia Góra valley">
List of castles and palaces in Jelenia Góra valley

This is a list of castles, palaces and manors in Jelenia Góra valley and the surrounding area.

</doc>
<doc id="19115227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115227" title="Psychomotor learning">
Psychomotor learning

Psychomotor learning is the relationship between cognitive functions and physical movement. Psychomotor learning is demonstrated by physical skills such as movement, coordination, manipulation, dexterity, grace, strength, speed; actions which
demonstrate the fine motor skills such as use of precision instruments or tools, or actions which evidence gross motor skills such as the
use of the body in dance, musical or athletic performance.
Behavioral examples include driving a car, throwing a ball, and playing a musical instrument. In psychomotor learning research, attention is given to the learning of coordinated activity involving the arms, hands, fingers, and feet, while verbal processes are not emphasized.
Stages of psychomotor development.
When learning psychomotor skills, individuals progress through the cognitive stage, the associative stage, and the autonomic stage. The cognitive stage is marked by awkward slow and choppy movements that the learner tries to control. The learner has to think about each movement before attempting it. In the associative stage, the learner spends less time thinking about every detail, however, the movements are still not a permanent part of the brain. In the autonomic stage, the learner can refine the skill through practice, but no longer needs to think about the movement.
How motor behaviors are recorded.
When an individual learns physical movements, this leads to changes in the motor cortex. The more practiced a movement is, the stronger the neural encoding becomes. Psychomotor learning is not limited to the motor cortex, however. For example, the perceptual system is also involved in integrating visual feedback when driving a car, or physical feedback when playing the piano.

</doc>
<doc id="19115228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115228" title="Live Hard">
Live Hard

"Live Hard" is an EP from underground Hip Hop duo Show & A.G. released under the name The Show & A Experience on CD in late 2007. The EP is the first material the duo has recorded together since 1998's Full Scale (EP) and is supposed to be a prelude to an upcoming full-length album. "Live Hard" features cameos from DJ Premier and fellow D.I.T.C. member O.C. as well as a bonus track guest produced by Eric Blaze.<br> The album was re-released in 2008 on CD and limited 2xLP featuring a remixed version of "Land Of The Free" featuring the same lyrics but with a new beat from Show.

</doc>
<doc id="19115229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115229" title="1973 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles">
1973 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles

Guillermo Vilas defeated Björn Borg 3-6, 6-7, 6-4, 6-6 after Borg retired to win the 1973 ATP Buenos Aires singles competition. Karl Meiler was the champion but did not defend his title.

</doc>
<doc id="19115233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115233" title="Jamal Simmons">
Jamal Simmons

Jamal Simmons is a political analyst who is notable for being a television commentator for CBS News and CNN. Simmons graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from Morehouse College and a Master's degree in Public Policy from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
Background.
Simmons served as chief of staff to U.S. Congresswoman Carolyn Cheeks Kilpatrick and as a political aide to U.S. Trade Representative and Commerce Secretary Mickey Kantor. Simmons was press secretary to Senator Bob Graham's and General Wesley K. Clark's presidential campaigns, and has worked in various capacities for President Bill Clinton and Vice President Al Gore.

</doc>
<doc id="19115236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115236" title="The Rescue (1929 film)">
The Rescue (1929 film)

The Rescue (1929) is a romantic adventure film directed by Herbert Brenon, and produced by Samuel Goldwyn. The screenplay was written by Elizabeth Meehan, based on the novel by Joseph Conrad. The music score is by Hugo Riesenfeld. The film stars Ronald Colman and Lili Damita.
Preservation status.
An incomplete print, missing one reel, is in the collection of the George Eastman House film archive.

</doc>
<doc id="19115254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115254" title="2008 Championship League Darts">
2008 Championship League Darts

The 2008 Championship League Darts is the inaugural edition of a darts competition - the Championship League Darts. The competition is organised and held by the Professional Darts Corporation and has a maximum prize fund of £189,000.
The format of the tournament is similar to the Premier League Darts tournament, also organised by the PDC, except it is contested by a larger pool of players who are split up into a number of groups.
In a first for darts the tournament will be shown in its entirety on the internet. Every match can be watched in the UK on the Ladbrokes and bet365 websites. The tournament will also be available globally through the internet, except in the United States of America where it can't be shown for legal reasons.
Format.
The first group will consist of the top 8 players from the PDC Order of Merit who are available for the competition. These 8 players will play each other over the course of a day and receive points for their performance. A win will earn a player two points, whilst a draw will earn them 1 point. All matches will be contested over 10 legs with a player winning the match when the reach 6 legs or the match being declared a draw should the score reach 5-5. When all players have played each other, the four players with the most points will progress to the semi-finals with the winners of those matches progressing into the final.
The winner of the final will progress to the winners group which shall take place at the end of the competition. The runner-up, losing semi-finalists and the players finishing fifth and sixth will move into group two, where they will be joined by the next three players in the Order of Merit. The format of the second group will be the same as the first group with players moving into the third group. In total there will be 8 groups before the final group takes place.
This format ensures that all players who don't win the group or finish in the last two positions will have another chance to qualify for the winners group.
Qualification.
Players must have been in top 29 places in PDC Order of Merit following 2008 World Matchplay Darts in order to qualify. 31 places used because of Raymond Van Barneveld and John Part withdrawing.
PDC Order of Merit following 2008 World Matchplay Darts.
1. Phil Taylor
2. Raymond van Barneveld
3. James Wade
4. John Part
5. Terry Jenkins
6. Wayne Mardle
7. Adrian Lewis
8. Andy Hamilton
9. Colin Lloyd
10. Roland Scholten
11. Dennis Priestley
12. Peter Manley
13. Alan Tabern
14. Ronnie Baxter
15. Colin Osborne
16. Kevin Painter
17. Mervyn King
18. Denis Ovens
19. Mark Dudbridge
20. Vincent van der Voort
21. Chris Mason
22. Kirk Shepherd
23. Andy Jenkins
24. Barrie Bates
25. Andy Smith
26. Mark Walsh
27. Adrian Gray
28. Wayne Jones
29. Mick McGowan
30. Alex Roy
31. Wes Newton
Player omissions and delays.
Raymond van Barneveld, who is taking a two-month sabbatical from darts, and John Part, based in Canada, will not be competing in the tournament. Adrian Lewis will also enter in group 3, not group 1 as his ranking would suggest, because he has been suspended from playing in any PDC tournaments for two months following an altercation with Kevin Painter. Peter Manley is also entering the competition later than his ranking would suggest, for unknown reasons.
On 1 September it was announced that Dennis Priestley had withdrawn from group 2 due to his ongoing treatment for prostate cancer. As such he has been replaced in group 2 by Mervyn King. Subsequent group line-ups have also changed, with players from later groups being brought into earlier ones. Priestley hopes to return in time for group 7.
Prize money.
The prize money for the tournament is a unique concept with players winning a set amount of money for each leg that they win.
Groups 1 - 8.
In groups 1 - 8 the prize money will be as follows:
Winners Group.
In the winners group the prize money will be as follows:
In addition the winners group will have separate prizes for the winner, runner-up and losing semi-finalists. These prizes will breakdown as follows:
Prize money won.
The following table shows the amount of prize money that has been won by each player.
Tournament Dates.
The tournament will take place over 9 days throughout September and October 2008. One group will be played on each day. The dates are as follows:
The tournament will take place at the Crondon Park Golf Club in Essex.
Groups.
The groups are as follows:
Note: Bold indicates group winner, "italics" indicate the eliminated players. In groups 1-7, players are eliminated for finishing in the bottom two of the league, in group 8 and the Winners Group players are eliminated for failing to win outright.
Winners Group
Results.
Group One.
Played Tuesday 2 September, results as follows:
League stages
Final league table
NB: Players separated by +/- leg difference if tied.
<br>Green - Qualified for the semi-finals, Gold - Did not qualify for semi-finals but returns in next group, Red - Out of the tournament
Semi-Finals
Phil Taylor 6-3 Andy Hamilton
Colin Lloyd 6-5 Alan Tabern
Final
Phil Taylor 7-0 Colin Lloyd
Group Two.
Played Wednesday 3 September, results as follows:
League stages
Final league table
NB: Players separated by +/- leg difference if tied.
<br>Green - Qualified for the semi-finals, Gold - Did not qualify for semi-finals but returns in next group, Red - Out of the tournament
Semi-Finals
Alan Tabern 6-5 Andy Hamilton
Kevin Painter 6-5 Mervyn King
Final
Alan Tabern 7-6 Kevin Painter
Group Three.
Played Monday 22 September, results as follows:
League stages
Final league table
NB: Players separated by +/- leg difference if tied.
<br>Green - Qualified for the semi-finals, Gold - Did not qualify for semi-finals but returns in next group, Red - Out of the tournament
Semi-Finals
Adrian Lewis 6-4 Denis Ovens
Mervyn King 6-1 Colin Osborne
Final
Mervyn King 7-5 Adrian Lewis
Group Four.
Played Tuesday 23 September, results as follows:
League stages
Final league table
NB: Players separated by +/- leg difference if tied.
<br>Green - Qualified for the semi-finals, Gold - Did not qualify for semi-finals but returns in next group, Red - Out of the tournament
Semi-Finals
Andy Hamilton 6-0 Mark Dudbridge
Vincent van der Voort 6-3 Adrian Lewis
Final
Andy Hamilton 7-3 Vincent van der Voort
Group Five.
Played Wednesday 24 September, results as follows:
League stages
Final league table
NB: Players separated by +/- leg difference if tied.
<br>Green - Qualified for the semi-finals, Gold - Did not qualify for semi-finals but returns in next group, Red - Out of the tournament
Semi-Finals
Adrian Lewis 6-2 Peter Manley
Colin Osborne 6-3 Mark Dudbridge
Final
Colin Osborne 7-5 Adrian Lewis
Group Six.
Played Thursday 25 September, results as follows:
League stages
Final league table
NB: Players separated by +/- leg difference if tied.
<br>Green - Qualified for the semi-finals, Gold - Did not qualify for semi-finals but returns in next group, Red - Out of the tournament
Semi-Finals
Mark Walsh 6-3 Barrie Bates
Vincent van der Voort 6-5 Adrian Lewis
Final
Vincent van der Voort 7-2 Mark Walsh
Group Seven.
Played Tuesday 21 October, results as follows:
League stages
Final league table
NB: Players separated by +/- leg difference if tied.
<br>Green - Qualified for the semi-finals, Gold - Did not qualify for semi-finals but returns in next group, Red - Out of the tournament
Semi-Finals
Adrian Lewis 6-3 Andy Smith
Mark Dudbridge 6-4 Mark Walsh
Final
Mark Dudbridge 7-4 Adrian Lewis
Group Eight.
Played Wednesday 22 October, results as follows:
League stages
Final league table
NB: Players separated by +/- leg difference if tied.
<br>Green - Qualified for the semi-finals, Red - Out of the tournament
Semi-Finals
Mark Walsh 6-3 Adrian Lewis
Dennis Priestley 6-4 Wayne Jones
Final
Mark Walsh 7-4 Dennis Priestley
Winners Group.
Played Thursday 23 October, results as follows:
League stages
Final league table
NB: Players separated by +/- leg difference if tied.
<br>Green - Qualified for the semi-finals, Red - Out of the tournament
Semi Finals £2,500 each
Phil Taylor 6-4 Alan Tabern
Mervyn King 6-5 Mark Walsh
Final Winner: £10,000 & 2008 Grand Slam of Darts place, Runner-up: £5,000
Phil Taylor 7-5 Mervyn King

</doc>
<doc id="19115258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115258" title="The Devil Is a Woman (1974 film)">
The Devil Is a Woman (1974 film)

The Devil Is a Woman (, UK title: The Tempter) is a 1974 drama film directed by Damiano Damiani and starring Glenda Jackson.

</doc>
<doc id="19115276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115276" title="Michael Dixon">
Michael Dixon

Michael Dixon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19115277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115277" title="Pasquale D'Amico">
Pasquale D'Amico

Pasquale D'Amico is a former Italian Camorrista who was a senior member of the Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO), a Camorra organization in Naples. His nickname was ""'o Cartunaro"" (The Cardboard picker). D'Amico defected from the NCO and subsequently became a pentito in 1983. Among the pentiti, D'Amico was one of the highest ranking due to his position within the NCO. He was the first high ranking NCO informant to reveal Neapolitan crime boss, 
Raffaele Cutolo links with the Calabrian 'Ndrangheta.
Biography.
Position within the NCO.
D'Amico was one of the earliest members of the NCO, ever since its inception in Cutolo's hometown of Ottaviano on October 24, 1970. He was a "santista", i.e., a member of the NCO executive board. He had the power to incorporate new members into the organization, and the autonomy to make important decisions, from the commission of killings to the exploration of new economical ventures. After he was arrested in the early 1980s, he was transferred to Naples' Poggioreale prison where he became the roommate of Raffaele Cutolo. This factor made him the messenger for Cutolo's orders, and was instrumental in propelling him to the top management of the NCO hierarchy. 
For instance, when on April 13, 1981, Raffaella Esposito, a ten-year-old girl from Somma Vesuviana, a small village in the proximity of Ottaviano was kidnapped, D'Amico warned the kidnappers during an appearance in the courtroom: ""Leave her free, or the NCO will kill you."" The media reported this warning after the Italian police, who had arrested Giovanni Castiello, a 37 year old factory worker on kidnapping charges, had to release him for lack of evidence. A few months later, the body of Raffaella Esposito was found in a ravine of her village. When word of this spread around, the NCO took upon itself the task to avenge the little girl's murder. Castiello was murdered in the streets of his village. In a telephone call to the Italian press agency ANSA, the NCO proclaimed that Castiello had been found guilty of the kidnapping and had been "giustiziato" (executed). The tone was eerily similar to that of political terrorist groups in Italy.
Escape from prison and recapture.
In the summer of 1981, D'Amico escaped from prison and joined the executive board of the NCO branch outside prison, which was called "Cielo Coperto" (open sky). He worked closely with Vincenzo Casillo, then second-in-command to Cutolo, and he accumulated a wealth of information on the different operations which were managed by the NCO. D'Amico was again arrested at the end of 1981. This time, during a raid on his apartment, police found very sensitive materials on him including a copy of the ritual of initiation, an agenda full of names, letters, money orders receipts, etc., which confirmed the Justice Department's suspicion of his role as a leader. Due to Cutolo's ability to command respect from the penitentiary direction, which until 1982 usually promptly consented to all his requests, D'Amico was sent to the prison on Ascoli Piceno where he joined the leadership of the NCO.
Becoming a Pentito.
According to his later confession to the Justice Department, D'Amico began having his first doubts about the NCO after the murder of Antonio Di Matteo, an NCO member who was planning on switching sides to the rival Camorra clan, Nuova Famiglia. Di Matteo was murdered together with his mother, sister and sister-in-law. After this episode, D'Amico wrote a letter to the Neapolitan daily "Il Mattino" where he expressed his repugnance for the murders of so many innocent victims. However, this letter was read by a warden on the NCO's payroll who advised D'Amico to destroy it, in order to avoid trouble with the leadership at Ascoli Piceno. D'Amico then backed down claiming to have written the letter in a moment of rage. 
Also, when Cutolo's influence deteriorated in 1982 and he was relocated to a prison on the island Asinara at the insistence of then Italian president Sandro Pertini, D'Amico began having serious doubts as to the NCO's ability to compete successfully against the NF and the Italian Justice Department. Finally, in the summer of 1983, one of his godsons, Nicola Mazzo, aka ""'o Carusiello"" (The Cabman) showed him a letter by Cutolo in which Cutolo claimed that he was willing to sacrifice seven of his best men, among them D'Amico, in exchange for a peace treaty with the NF. Astounded by this high level of treachery that was being perpetrated by Cutolo, D'Amico decided to collaborate with Italian Justice on September 27, 1983. 
D'Amico's cooperation which came one year later than that of Pasquale Barra, was viewed by the Justice department as extremely valuable because it enabled the Department to cover the latest period of the NCO's activities, especially its response to the 1983 crackdown by the Italian government. D'Amico would testify against Cutolo and numerous NCO members during the three-year-long Maxi Trials. His testimony along with those of Giovanni Pandico, Pasquale Barra, Mario Incarnato, etc. were found reliable and convincing enough to become a significant factor in the convictions of more than 800 defendants. However, many of the pentiti's allegations were proved to be fabrications and several of the convicted defendants were released.

</doc>
<doc id="19115294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115294" title="Conrad Humphreys">
Conrad Humphreys

Conrad David Humphreys was born in Exmouth, Devon on the 13th February 1973. He is a professional sailor and has competed in three round the world races. On the 20th of February 2005, he became only the 5th British sailor to complete the Vendée Globe. He finished 7th after 104 days at sea in what has been acknowledged as one of the most remarkable comebacks in the history of the Vendée Globe race. 
Humphreys' professional career in sailing began at 17 years old, when he was spotted at the Junior World Cadet Championships and asked to join the Youth Challenge campaign for the 1993-4 Whitbread Round the World Race (now the Volvo Ocean Race) The change in direction thrust him into the world of extreme ocean racing. His first leadership challenge was as Skipper of LG FLATRON in the gruelling BT Global Challenge 2000-01. Humphreys and his team went onto dominate the race setting a record pace and winning four out of seven legs. At just 26 years of age, Humphreys became the youngest winning skipper in the history of the race. 
For Humphreys' third circumnavigation, he decided to take on the Everest of ocean racing, the non-stop, solo round the world race, the 2004-05 Vendée Globe. Humphreys, in his Open 60, HELLOMOTO set out from Les Sables D'Olonne, France in November 2004 with 19 competitors to race non-stop and without assistance around the world. The Vendée Globe is regarded as the pinnacle of ocean racing and an event that is widely regarded as the toughest endurance race in any sport. 
Education.
Humphreys graduated from Plymouth University in 1998 with a BSc in Ocean Science and Meteorology. Humphreys was also later awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Science from Plymouth University in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19115298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115298" title="Sydney Kentridge">
Sydney Kentridge

Sir Sydney Kentridge KCMG, QC (born 5 November 1922) is a South African-born former lawyer, judge and member of the English Bar. He practised law from the 1940s until his retirement in 2013, and played a leading role in a number of the most significant political trials in apartheid-era South Africa, including the Treason Trial of Nelson Mandela and the 1977 Stephen Biko inquest.
Early life and education.
Kentridge was born in 1922 in Johannesburg, the son of Lithuanian-born Jewish lawyer and politician Morris Kentridge (1881–1964). Sydney Kentridge attended the King Edward VII School, before studying at the University of Witwatersrand. He graduated in 1942, and served during the Second World War in the South African Army in East Africa and Italy. After the war, he attended Exeter College, Oxford, where he graduated with a first-class BA in Jurisprudence in 1948.
Legal career.
In 1949, Kentridge was admitted as an advocate of the Supreme Court of South Africa. He became a leading defence lawyer in political trials in South Africa, with some of his major cases including the Treason Trial (1958–61), which saw him defend Nelson Mandela, and the Prisons Trial (1968–69). He was appointed a senior counsel in 1965.
In 1977, he represented the family of Stephen Biko at the inquest following Biko’s death in custody on 12 September 1977. "There is indisputable evidence," Kentridge said, "that...Mr. Biko went into the interrogation room alive and well... he came out a physical and mental wreck. He died a miserable and lonely death on a cold prison floor." Lord Alexander of Weedon wrote of his performance: "Through remorseless and deadly cross-examination, sometimes with brilliant irony, Kentridge established that the founder of the Black Consciousness Movement had been killed by police brutality. The verdict of accidental death was seen as risible."
Kentridge practised at the English Bar between 1977 and 2013, and was appointed Queen’s Counsel in 1984. He became a Bencher of Lincoln's Inn in 1985. He was a member of Brick Court Chambers, a leading commercial set, and was widely regarded as the elder statesman of the English Bar before his retirement in 2013. Kentridge has furthermore served as a judge in a number of jurisdictions, sitting as a Judge of Appeal in Botswana (1981–89), as a Judge of the Courts of Appeal of Jersey and Guernsey (1988–92) and as an Acting Justice of the South African Constitutional Court (1995–96).
Honours.
Kentridge has been awarded an Honorary LL.D. by the Universities of Leicester (1985), Cape Town (1987), Natal (1989), London (1995), Sussex (1997), Witwatersrand (2000), and the University of Buckingham (2009). He was elected an Honorary Fellow of Exeter College, Oxford – his "alma mater" – in 1986. He is also a Fellow of the Institute of Advanced Legal Studies (1997), an Honorary Fellow of the American College of Trial Lawyers (1998) and an Honorary Member of the New York City Bar Association (2001). He is a Knight Commander of the British Order of St Michael and St George (1999) and a Supreme Counsellor of the South African Order of the Baobab in Gold (2008). In March 2013, Kentridge was interviewed on the British radio show "Desert Island Discs".
Family.
In 1952, Kentridge married Felicia Geffen (b. 1930), a lawyer who co-founded the South African Legal Resources Centre in the 1970s. They live in Maida Vale, London, and have four children, nine grandchildren and one great-grandchild. Kentridge is a cousin of the popular composer Trevor Rabin and father of the artist William Kentridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19115310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115310" title="Frickley Colliery">
Frickley Colliery

Frickley & South Elmsall Colliery was opened by the Carlton Main Colliery Company Ltd in 1903 in South Elmsall, in Yorkshire, England.
Frickley & South Elmsall Colliery.
The first sod was cut on 23 April 1903 of shafts No.1 and No.2 and the Barnsley Bed was hit on 23 May 1905 at a depth of 606 m. Sumps were established at a depth of 624 m in the Dunsil seam. Both shafts were 7 m in diameter and brick lined throughout.
South Elmsall Colliery situated in the same curtilage as Frickley, was sunk during 1920–23 reaching the Shafton seam at a depth of 218 m. This No.3 shaft was 4.26 m in diameter and brick lined throughout.
Despite being located in South Elmsall, the colliery was sunk within the land of Frickley Hall, part of the small Hamlet of Frickley, hence the Frickley name.
The Carlton Main Colliery Company was a model employer with strong views on the welfare of its workers. Its Welfare schemes included a hospital, maternity home, medical service, recreation ground, swimming baths and miners institute. 
The colliery saw the birth of Frickley Colliery F.C. later Frickley Athletic F.C. in 1910.
The Barnsley seam was worked until 1934 by hand-got tub stalls when mechanical conveying was introduced at the coal face. During the next three years the installation of face conveyors was completed almost throughout the whole pit.
The total output was obtained from the Barnsley seam until 1942 when the Dunsil seam was entered in a small area to the south of the shaft piller. Since 1942 further access to the Dunsil has been obtained by means of drifts from the Barnsley level and two further areas to the West and East have been entered to work the Dunsil seam. Coal winding remains at the original Barnsley level.
In 1951 the first prop free, front face with an armoured conveyor installation started up on 101's unit in the East Dunsil area.
In February 1955 it became necessary to start off a face in the East Dunsil on the end cleat of coal and it was considered that such conditions would lend themselves to the use of an Anderton Disc Shearer machine working in conjunction with an armoured conveyor, friction type props and link bar supports.
Central Power Station.
The Frickley & South Elmsall Collieries were powered by electricity and the company built in 1925 the "Central Power Station" at Frickley. The 22,500 kilowatt output power station fed a 22,000 volt ring main connected to Grimethorpe, Frickley, Bierley, Ferrymoor and South Elmsall collieries.
Timeline of Frickley Colliery.
In its heyday in the 1930s the colliery employed 4000 men and boys and at is closure on 26 November 1993 735 men.
In October 1992 Frickley/South Elmsall was one of the 31 collieries intended to be closed by the government. Given a temporary reprieve of just 13 months whilst studies showed the pit was one of the most profitable in British Coal, the miners were forced to vote on closure of the pit in a " No Win" situation in November 1993.
Despite having plentiful and easily accessible reserves, the pit closed due to politics on 26 November 1993, leaving massive social and economic problems in the local area.
To this day Frickley lives on in many peoples hearts and minds, Frickley Athletic F.C. continue to represent the name nationally at a high level of football. With the Westfield Lane stadium backing onto the former colliery.
Regeneration.
In 2005 it was announced the majority of the former colliery will be reclaimed to provide a high quality country park. As part of the scheme, provision will be made to allow the creation of new sport pitches and allotments if required.
On the site of the former pithead up to 160 homes will be built, which will include affordable housing and overall will achieve some of the highest standards for sustainability in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19115317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115317" title="Minawa Station">
Minawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115318" title="Rolls-Royce Phantom Coupé">
Rolls-Royce Phantom Coupé

The Rolls-Royce Phantom Coupé is a British handmade (except chassis) luxury coupe manufactured by Rolls-Royce that debuted at the 2008 Geneva International Auto Show in Geneva, Switzerland, on 6 March 2008. The platform is based on the 2003 Rolls-Royce Phantom and has styling heavily derived from the Rolls-Royce 100EX, a concept car unveiled to celebrate the company's centennial in 2004.
Its interior includes leather and wood veneer. There is a button to close the "coach doors".
The Phantom Coupe has the same 6.75 litre V12 as found in the other Phantom models, developing 338 kW (453 bhp) of power and 720 N·m (531 lb·ft) of torque.
Specification.
The Phantom Coupé is powered by a 6.75 L V12, producing 459 PS (338 kW; 453 hp), 531 pound-feet of torque—with nearly 400 lb-ft, or 75 percent, available at just 1,000 rpm—and has segment-leading fuel economy thanks to modern technology such as direct injection and variable valve and camshaft control. The car features reverse-opening power-closing doors, adaptive suspension with automatic four-corner leveling, 21-inch alloy wheels, a 15-speaker 420 watt sound system with navigation, and a handcrafted interior with flawless leather trim and a choice of wood veneers. The "picnic" trunk provides a seating platform for two and offers easy access to the luggage compartment. Optional equipment includes front and rear parking cameras and a wide array of paint colors and interior trim material choices. A unique option is a full-length "starlight" headliner, which incorporates hundreds of tiny fibre optics to give the impression of a star-filled night sky.
Performance.
The Phantom Coupé is capable of accelerating from 0-60 mph (0–97 km/h) in 5.8 seconds and has a top speed of 155 mph (249 km/h), with a fuel consumption in combined cycle (ECE+EUDC) of while producing 377g/km of CO2.
Reception.
The Phantom Coupé has received most positive review from the critics. The British television show "Top Gear" rated the car 9/10 for performance, 10/10 for quality, 9/10 for design, but criticised its high cost.
See also.
Coupes

</doc>
<doc id="19115345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115345" title="Iyaguchi Station">
Iyaguchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115351" title="Trichostema dichotomum">
Trichostema dichotomum

Trichostema dichotomum (forked bluecurls) is a plant in the mint family, Lamiaceae. "Trichostema dichotomum" is an annual herbaceous forb with opposite, simple leaves, and square, erect, hairy stems. The flowers are blue, borne in late summer.

</doc>
<doc id="19115366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115366" title="Charles deGravelles">
Charles deGravelles

Charles Camille deGravelles, Jr. (June 24, 1913 – August 28, 2008), known as Charlie deGravelles, was a Lafayette oil and gas landman who was a pioneer in the development of the Republican Party in the formerly historically Democratic state of Louisiana. Known as the “Mr. Republican of Acadiana”, deGravelles and his wife, the former Mary Virginia Wheadon (born December 4, 1915), held leadership positions in the GOP from 1968 to 1972 and from 1964 to 1968, respectively. DeGravelles was the party chairman, and Mrs. deGravelles was national committeewoman. When deGravelles assumed the chairmanship, the Louisiana GOP had only 28,427 registered members, barely 2 percent of the state's voters. For a brief time in 1968, both de Gravelleses were members of the Republican National Committee, a husband-wife combination that has not since repeated itself.
Early years, family, and education.
DeGravelles (pronounced De GRA Vell) was born in Morgan City, located in both St. Martin and St. Mary parishes, to Charles C. deGravelles, Sr. (1883–1948), and the former Mary Eleanor Nations, originally from Beeville, Texas. He was reared in Thibodaux, the parish seat of Lafourche Parish. His physician-father practiced in Morgan City from 1910 to 1933 and thereafter in New Iberia, where he was the last doctor to make house calls. Mary deGravelles died, and Charles, Sr., married the former Mary Riddle, originally from Bentonville, Arkansas. DeGravelles had a brother, Norbert Roth deGravelles and a half-sister by the father's second marriage, Martha Tabb deGravelles Marcantel The obituary of deGravelles, Jr., indicates that an uncle, E. N. Roth, Jr., was instrumental in young Charles's rearing, presumably after the death of Mary Nations deGravelles.
DeGravelles graduated from Thibodaux High School in 1930. He then enrolled at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, where he met Virginia, the daughter of a hotel owner from Alexandria, the seat of Rapides Parish and the largest city in Central Louisiana. On September 14, 1935, the couple eloped and were married by a justice of the peace in Woodville in Wilkinson County, Mississippi. They had five children: twin sons (born 1949), Charles Nations deGravelles, an Episcopal archdeacon, and John W. deGravelles, an attorney, both from Baton Rouge, and three daughters, Mary Alix deGravelles (deceased), Elizabeth Claire Cloniger and husband, Spike, of Fairhope in Baldwin County near Mobile, Alabama, and Virginia Ann McBride Norton of Bali, Indonesia. Claire is a writer of books and Christian music. Ann owns a photographic company, Photo Voice. Son-in-law Ed Norton works for the Nature Conservancy in environmental projects. DeGravelles' eldest child Alix was a therapist and social worker. She died of lung cancer in 1999. At the time of his death, Charles and Virginia had thirteen grandchildren, sixteen great-grandchildren, and one great-great-grandchild.
A man of the oil industry.
Between 1930 and 1936, deGravelles received his bachelor’s degree and law degree from LSU. He was also in the LSU Tigers band. He did not practice law but was instead employed in 1937 as a landman (one who scouts potential leases) for the former Stanolind Oil and Gas Company, since Amoco, based in Lake Charles, the seat of Calcasieu Parish in southwestern Louisiana.
DeGravelles knew some French and had a French last name but was Episcopalian, not Roman Catholic. The company believed that he could connect well with the local people at Anse la Butte, where he procured the leases. In 1941, de Gravelles moved permanently to Lafayette. He remained with the same company until his official retirement in 1999 at the age of eighty-six. During his time in Lafayette, deGravelles watched the city grow rapidly because of the expansion of the oil industry.
Lafayette's first registered white Republicans.
Charles deGravelles, Sr., in addition to his role in various medical associations, had been a member of the Iberia Parish Democratic Executive Committee. Charles and Virginia deGravelles, however, became in 1941 the first two white persons in many years to register as Republican voters in Lafayette Parish. The only open Republicans then were a few African Americans, who were frozen out of the pivotal Democratic primaries. However, the Republican David W. Pipes, Jr., a favorite of sugar growers, switched parties to seek the Acadiana-based Third Congressional District seat in 1940 and polled a third of the vote
The deGravelleses hence were included among the oldest living Republicans in the state of Louisiana. They worked steadily to promote Republican principles and goals, even as Louisiana seemed permanently tied to the Democratic Party. He supported the 1960 Republican gubernatorial nominee, Francis Grevemberg (1914–2008), a former Democrat. Old-timers remember the gatherings at their home, when the Republican membership was so small that it fit comfortably in the deGravelles' living room. As Louisiana began to vote Republican, particularly in presidential elections, deGravelles could claim some of the credit for the changes. In time, Lafayette itself became one of the most Republican of Louisiana’s sixty-four parishes. Even in defeat in 2003, current Governor Bobby Jindal, still carried Lafayette Parish, the residence of his successful opponent, former Governor Kathleen Babineaux Blanco.
Louisiana GOP mulls Nixon and Reagan.
In November 1966, deGravelles made his only race for public office: the Third District seat on the Louisiana State Board of Education. He polled 24,236 votes (35.3 percent) against the Democrat Harvey Peltier, Sr., who received 44,413 ballots (64.7 percent). The Democrat William J. "Bill" Dodd was then the education superintendent, and the state board was all-Democratic. DeGravelles’ interest in education had been whetted from 1955 to 1962, when he taught oil and gas law at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, then known as Southwestern Louisiana Institute and the University of Southwestern Louisiana.
In 1968, deGravelles succeeded Charlton Havard Lyons, Sr., of Shreveport in Caddo Parish, as the Louisiana party chairman. On March 3, 1964, Lyons had been the pioneer Republican gubernatorial candidate in the general election. After the Goldwater national defeat, though he wad won Louisiana’s then ten electoral votes, deGravelles and Lyons committed themselves in 1968 to the nomination of former Richard M. Nixon. A minority within the Louisiana delegation to the 1968 Republican National Convention held in Miami Beach, however, favored then Governor Ronald W. Reagan of California for the party’s nomination. DeGravelles summed up the majority opinion of the Louisiana party when he said, "much as I admire Governor Reagan, I feel that Nixon has a broad appeal and is the best qualified man in either party."
In May 1968, deGravelles discounted the victory by Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller of New York in the presidential primary in Massachusetts over the favorite-son choice, Governor John Volpe. DeGravelles predicted that if a second candidate emerged at the Republican convention it would be Reagan, not Rockefeller. Two weeks later, however, a Harris Poll showed Rockefeller the strongest candidate for president in either party, with Vice President Hubert H. Humphrey in second place. Rockefeller had entered the race for the nomination too late to amass the critical delegates needed. Humphrey's late start was mitigated by his inheriting the supporters of President Lyndon B. Johnson, who withdrew from consideration on March 31, 1968.
Chairman DeGravelles correctly predicted that Nixon would be vigorously challenged in Louisiana, not by Humphrey but by the third-party forces pledged to then former Alabama Governor George C. Wallace, Jr., a favorite of many blue collar white workers. Most of the Louisiana GOP delegates favored Reagan as a vice-presidential choice in 1968, a selection that ultimately went to Governor Spiro T. Agnew of Maryland, who was subsequently forced to resign in 1973 for tax evasion and bribery.
Louisiana was among the five states which supported Wallace in 1968. Nixon-Agnew electors drew 257,535 votes (23.5 percent) in Louisiana, to Wallace's 530,300 (48.3 percent) and Humphrey's 309,615 (28.2 percent). Nixon ran 26,55 votes ahead of his 1960 showing in raw popular votes in Louisiana, but his 1968 showing was 5.1 percentage points below the previous standing.
The deGravelleses each attended one national GOP convention: he in 1972 in Miami Beach, and she in 1964 in San Francisco. DeGravelles was succeeded as chairman by businessman James H. Boyce of Baton Rouge. Under Boyce's tutelage from 1972 to 1976, the Louisiana GOP participated in the 49-state sweep for Nixon, having lost the presidential vote in 1972 only in West Feliciana Parish. Moreover, under Boyce the still fledgling party did capture its first two seats in the United States House of Representatives since Reconstruction, with the election in 1972 of David C. Treen in the New Orleans suburbs and William Henson Moore, III, in a 1975 special election, which was a rerun of the regular November 1974 general election in the Baton Rouge district.
Later political activities.
In the 1970s, deGravelles worked with President Gerald R. Ford, Jr., but they grew particularly close to Ford’s intraparty rival, Ronald Reagan. It was deGravelles who had invited Reagan to campaign for Lyons in Louisiana. Reagan spoke on Lyons’ behalf in Lafayette, Lake Charles, and Baton Rouge. While Lyons polled only 37.5 percent of the general election ballots against the Democrat John J. McKeithen, Republicans considered his candidacy a strong declaration that the state GOP was determined to become politically viable.
During the 1980s, deGravelles contributed to the national and state parties as well as the U.S. Senate nominee, outgoing U.S. Representative Henson Moore, a narrow loser to the Democrat John B. Breaux, originally from Crowley in Acadia Parish in south Louisiana. In 2005, deGravelles received the annual Reagan Republican Gold Medal.
In 1993, deGravelles worked unsuccessfully to recall from office then Democratic Mayor Kenneth F. "Kenny" Bowen of Lafayette on grounds that Bowen was too much of a "micromanager" and too “unstable” to run the city efficiently and fairly. Though sufficient signatures were obtained to have the recall election, the judge disqualified many of the names, and Bowen completed his third and final term in office. Bowen had been a Republican in the 1960s and had worked with the deGravelleses. He cast his 1964 GOP convention vote, along with Virginia deGravelles, for Goldwater.
Political Hall of Fame.
Charles and Virginia deGravelles won several joint awards, primarily for their two-party and Republican activities. They have been honored with the George Washington Medal of Honor given by Freedoms Foundation of Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, and the “Lifetime Achievement” honor from the Louisiana Republican Party. On January 27, 2007, they were inducted into the Louisiana Political Museum and Hall of Fame in Winnfield – the first couple honored together by the organization, which began recognizing Louisiana politicians in 1993. Former Congresswoman Corrine Claiborne "Lindy" Boggs of New Orleans was inducted in 1994, a year after posthumous honors were given to her husband, Thomas Hale Boggs, Sr. The deGravelleses' rival, Kenny Bowen, who had been a budding Lafayette Republican in the 1960s before he switched to the Democratic camp, was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2002, shortly before his death.
DeGravelles, who had been using a wheelchair, died at his residence at 409 Azalea Street in Lafayette. News of his death was carried in the state’s newspapers and over television. A memorial service was held on September 6, 2008, at the Episcopal Church of the Ascension in Lafayette. Son Charles deGravelles of Trinity Episcopal Church in Baton Rouge was one of the three officiating ministers. DeGravelles was also a strong supporter of the Salvation Army. Mrs. deGravelles survives her husband of seventy-three years.

</doc>
<doc id="19115367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115367" title="Awa-Kawaguchi Station">
Awa-Kawaguchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku
 

</doc>
<doc id="19115389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115389" title="How You Luv That">
How You Luv That

How You Luv That is the debut album by New Orleans hip hop duo, Big Tymers, released on March 17, 1998 on Cash Money Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="19115390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115390" title="Koboke Station">
Koboke Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115393" title="Colleen Rosensteel">
Colleen Rosensteel

Colleen Rosensteel (born March 13, 1967) is an American judoka and a Pan American games silver medalist.
Rosensteel was born in Greensburg, Pennsylvania. She attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, and graduated with a bachelor's degree and master's degree in exercise and sport sciences in 1990 and 1994, respectively.
Rosensteel competed for the United States judo team in three consecutive Summer Olympics: the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain; the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia; and the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. Her best Olympic finish was a ninth-place tie in 2000.
Rosensteel won a bronze medal in the women's heavyweight (+78 kg) division at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, Argentina. She won a silver medal in the women's heavyweight division at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
As a 17 year old, she also was a top ranked discus thrower, earning a silver medal at the 1984 Pan American Junior Athletics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19115394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115394" title="Henning Carlsen">
Henning Carlsen

Henning Carlsen (born 4 June 1927) is a Danish film director, screenwriter, and producer most noted for his documentaries and his contributions to the style of Cinéma vérité. Carlsen's 1966 social-realistic drama "Hunger" ("Sult") was nominated for the Palme D'Or and won the Bodil Award for Best Danish Film. Carlsen also won the Bodil Award the following year for the comedy "People Meet and Sweet Music Fills the Heart". Acting as his own producer since 1960, Carlsen has directed more than 25 films, 19 for which he wrote the screenplay. In 2006, he received the Golden Swan Lifetime Achievement Award at the Copenhagen International Film Festival.
Early life.
Carlsen was born on 4 June 1927 in Aalborg, Denmark. In 1948, Carlsen became an assistant director at Minerva Film where he received on-the-job training. He worked at Minerva until 1953 when he shifted to Nordisk Film.
Career.
Carlsen began by writing and directing short documentaries and industry films, and with this background he flourished in the production of the cinema verite style. His documentary trilogy, "De Gamle" ("The Elderly" – 1961)), "Familiebilleder" ("Family pictures"- 1964) and "Ung" ("Youth" – 1965), created a classic portrait of 1960s Denmark as the nation revolutionized and transformed into a modern welfare society Especially noted was Carlsen's technique of rhythmic editing in "De Gamle" which produced a lyrical portrait of retirees without any needed commentary.
In 1962, Carlsen continued in cinema verite style with his first feature film: the harsh social drama "A World of Strangers" ("Dilemma"). Based upon the Nadine Gordimer's 1958 novel about apartheid, the movie was shot covertly on location in South Africa through Carlsen's use of a hidden camera. He followed this effort with the 1966 drama "Hunger" ("Sult") based upon the autobiographical novel of Norwegian author Knut Hamsun. With its stark focus on a life of poverty and desperation, the film is considered a masterpiece of social realism and is one of the ten films listed in Denmark's cultural canon by the Danish Ministry of Culture. Carlsen was nominated for the Palme D'Or and won the Bodil Award for Best Danish Film.
The following year, Carlsen changed pace from his realistic dramas and made the comedy "People Meet and Sweet Music Fills the Heart" ("Mennesker mødes og sød musik opstår i hjertet") based on the work of Jens August Schade. Again, he was awarded the Bodil Award for Best Danish Film. During his career, Carlsen has maintained interest in popular comedies with such films as "Oh, to Be on the Bandwagon!" ("Man sku være noget ved musikken"), in collaboration with Benny Andersen, and "I Wonder Who's Kissing You Now?". In 1967, Carlsen returned to the same format of social realism he used in "Sult" with the drama "We are All Demons" ("Klaubauterman"), a story based upon a novel by Axel Sandemose.
In 1986, Carlsen filmed the international production "Wolf at the Door" starring Donald Sutherland. During his career, Carlsen has written 19 films and directed 21. He has also directed for both theater and television. Since 1966, Carlsen has been a teacher and member of the advisory council for the National Film School in Denmark. In 2006, Carlsen was the recipient of the Golden Swan Lifetime Achievement Award at the Copenhagen Film Festival.
In 2012 Carlsen received an honorary Robert Award for his body of work. He also released his film, "Memoria de Mis Putas Tristes" ("Memories of My Melancholy Whores"), adapted from the 2004 novel by Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
Books.
Carlsen has written two books. The first, "Mit livs fortrængninger" (English: "My Life's Forgettings"), is an autobiography published in 1998 in Danish. "Flyvske billeder" (English: "Images in Flight") is a history of the realisation of film and flight from the perspective of human development.
Personal life.
Carlsen Henning was married the first time to Hjørdis Wirth Jensen. In 1975 he married a second time with film consultant Else Heidary.
Further reading.
Wakeman, John. "World Film Directors, Volume Two, 1945-1985". Pages 180–184. New York: The H.W. Wilson Company, 1988. ISBN 978-0-8242-0757-1

</doc>
<doc id="19115406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115406" title="Ōboke Station">
Ōboke Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115414" title="2008 Tour of Ireland">
2008 Tour of Ireland

The 2008 Tour of Ireland took place between Wednesday 27 August 2008 to Sunday 31 August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19115428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115428" title="Tosa-Iwahara Station">
Tosa-Iwahara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115436" title="Amy Tong">
Amy Tong

Amy Y. Tong (born October 18, 1977 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is a female judoka from the United States. She competed for her native North American country at the 2000 Summer Olympics. Tong won a bronze medal in the Women's Half-Heavyweight (– 78 kg) division at the 1999 Pan American Games. Tong was affiliated with the San Jose State University.
References.
She is now a Teacher at the Washington International School.

</doc>
<doc id="19115450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115450" title="Toyonaga Station">
Toyonaga Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115451" title="Roman (name)">
Roman (name)

Roman is a male first name. It has distant origins dating back to the Roman Empire and the Latin language.
It comes from the Latin word "romanus", which means "of Rome". In this initial sense, the title "Roman" means "a citizen of the Roman Empire", a man of Roman (or Byzantine) culture, Latin or Greek. The name day festival for Roman may take place on different days depending on the country.
Variations of the name include: 
Roman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19115476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115476" title="1965–66 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1965–66 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1965–66 campaign was a fairly successful season for the Town. For a large amount of the season, Town were on the verge on promotion to Division 1. Town also managed to reach the 5th round of the FA Cup, before losing to Sheffield Wednesday. Town finished in 4th place, but a win in the final game against Coventry City, might have given the team promotion, but a 2–0 defeat left the door open for Southampton.
Review.
Tom Johnston began his first full season in charge of Huddersfield Town in glorious mood. They won their first 3 games, which included a 6–0 win over Middlesbrough, where both Allan Gilliver and Les Massie scored hat-tricks. Gilliver actually scored 7 goals in his first 4 league games, which would lead him to a transfer to Blackburn Rovers at the end of the season.By Christmas, Town were at the summit of the 2nd Division, but a little drop in form saw them slowly go down the table.
A nice run in the FA Cup saw Town reach the 5th round, before they narrowly lost to Sheffield Wednesday. Town only won 2 of their last 10 matches, which saw them miss out on promotion by just 3 points from Southampton. This would be the closest that Town would get to Division 1 until their promotion in the 1969–70 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19115478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115478" title="Ōtaguchi Station">
Ōtaguchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115481" title="Niki Jenkins">
Niki Jenkins

Niki Jenkins (born July 27, 1973 in Selkirk, Manitoba) is a female judoka from Canada. She competed for Canada at the 1996 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in the Women's Half-Heavyweight (– 78 kg) division at the 1999 Pan American Games. She trained with the Shidokan Judo Club in Montréal.
She is married to Neil Adams and has 2 daughters, Brooke & Taylor, and lives near Antwerp, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="19115491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115491" title="Hōheikan">
Hōheikan

The is a historical building and a wedding venue, located in Nakajima Park, Chūō-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaidō, Japan. The building has previously been a hotel, guest house, event venue, and military camp. Currently, the Hōheikan is registered as one of the National Important Cultural Properties, and used as a wedding venue, restaurant and meeting facility. The building is run by the Sapporo city.
History.
Administered by the Hokkaidō Development Commission (Kaitaku shi), the construction of the Hōheikan was started in 1879 in the Nishi 1-chōme area of Odori Park. It was completed in November 1880, and opened in December of the same year. The purpose of the construction was to construct an accommodation for the other countries' engineers developing the primitive Hokkaidō prefecture.
The building was officially opened as a hotel in August 1881, and invited the Emperor Meiji as the first guest. He stayed in the Hōheikan for four days. Winning fame as a hotel at which the Emperor had stayed, the Hōheikan was used for many ceremonies and as a hotel for officials. In 1882, the Hokkaidō Development Commission was demolished, and after the ownership of the Hōheikan was moved, the Imperial Household Ministry　has lent the building to Sapporo. Followed by the Emperor Meiji, the Emperor Taishō stayed in the Hōheikan in 1911, so as the Emperor Shōwa in 1922.
As the city of Sapporo grew, the demand for the event venues increased. Sapporo city begged the Imperial Household Ministry for moving the ownership of the building to Sapporo, and in 1921, the Hōheikan was yielded to Sapporo city. In 1927, the building was enlarged by constructing new rooms on its back side, and the Hōheikan was used as the musical venue. 
Along with the beginning of World War II, the Hōheikan functioned as the facility for the Japanese Northern District Army, and after Japan lost the war, it was confiscated by the American army and used as their accommodation. After the American army moved to the Camp Crowford, which was a camp constructed in current Minami-ku, Sapporo, the Hōheikan was returned to Sapporo, and used as the community centre.
The Hōheikan was pulled down in order to move to Nakajima Park, and in 1958, the new building was completed at the current place, and opened as the wedding hall and restaurant. In 1964, the Hōheikan was registered as one of the Important Cultural Properties. The building has been repaired and renovated between 1983 and 1986. The Crown Prince Naruhito visited the Hōheikan in 1986. 
Overview.
The Hōheikan is currently the only building used as a wedding hall among the Important Cultural Properties. The building is also the oldest wooden hotel building in existence in Japan. The architecture of the Hōheikan comprises a few styles. The whole building was constructed in the American style, but the balcony and its accompaniments at the front of the building was constructed in European style. The semicircle roof at the centre of the building has a sculpture, a Japanese traditional fish sculpture usually seen at the roof of Japanese shrines and temples. The colour Ultramarine blue, which was imported from Europe, is painted on the column and window frames.
Used as a wedding venue, the Hōheikan has held wedding ceremonies for over 20,000 couples, as of January 2004. The Hōheikan has also been a party venue. The restaurant and cafe are also housed in the building, and guests also enjoy snacks. The restaurant serves Japanese and French cuisine, and uses ingredients harvested in Hokkaidō prefecture.
The first floor of the building covers 522.94 m². The Hōheikan is located northwestward of the Nakajima Park, and is close to the other buildings in the park including the Sapporo Concert Hall Kitara. The nearest subway station is the Nakajima Kōen station, Namboku Line. 

</doc>
<doc id="19115496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115496" title="Tosa-Ananai Station">
Tosa-Ananai Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115497" title="Stem cell transplantation for articular cartilage repair">
Stem cell transplantation for articular cartilage repair

Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) are pluripotent cells found in multiple human adult tissues including bone marrow, synovial tissues, and adipose tissues. Since they are derived from the mesoderm, they have been shown to differentiate into bone, cartilage, muscle, and adipose tissue. MSCs from embryonic sources have shown promise scientifically while creating significant controversy. As a result, many researchers have focused on adult stem cells [http://www.spinalinjuryfoundation.org/MSC/Stem%20Cell%20Success%20Case%20studies.htm], or stem cells isolated from adult humans that can be transplanted into damaged tissue.
Because of their multi-potent capabilities, mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) lineages have been used successfully in animal models to regenerate articular cartilage and in human models to regenerate bone. Recent research demonstrates that articular cartilage may be able to be repaired via percutaneous introduction of mesenchymal stem cells (MSC’s).
Current Research.
Research into MSC’s has exploded in recent years. As an example, a PubMed search for the year 1999 reveals about 90 papers published under the MESH heading of “Mesenchymal Stem Cells”, the same search ran for the year 2007 reveals more than 4,000 entries.
The most commonly used source of MSC’s is bone marrow aspirate. Most of the adult bone marrow consists of blood cells in various stages of differentiation. These marrow components can be divided into plasma, red blood cells, platelets, and nucleated cells. The adult stem cell fraction is present in the nucleated cells of the marrow. Most of these cells are CD34+ heme progenitors (destined to differentiate into blood components), while very few are actually MSC’s capable of differentiating into bone, cartilage, or muscle. As a result, that leaves the very small number of MSC’s in the marrow as cells capable of differentiating into tissues of interest to joint preservation. Of note, this may be one of the reasons that commercially available centrifuge systems that concentrate marrow nucleated cells have not shown as much promise in animal research for cartilage repair as have approaches where MSC’s are expanded in culture to greater numbers.
Mesenchymal Stem Cell Applications.
Marrow nucleated cells are used every day in regenerative orthopedics. The knee microfracture surgery technique popularized by Steadman relies on the release of these cells into a cartilage lesion to initiate fibrocartilage repair in osteochondral defects. In addition, this cell population has also been shown to assist in the repair of non-union fractures. For this application, bed side centrifugation is commonly used. Again, these techniques produce a very dilute MSC population, usually a yield of 1 in 10,000-1,000,000 of the nucleated cells. Despite this low number of MSC’s, isolated bone marrow nucleated cells implanted into degenerated human peripheral joints have shown some promise for joint repair. 
As the number of MSC’s that can be isolated from bone marrow is fairly limited, most research in cartilage regeneration has focused on the use of culture expanded cells. This method can expand cell numbers by 100-10,000 fold over several weeks. Once these MSCs are ready for re-implanation, they are usually transferred with growth factors to allow for continued cell growth and engraftment to the damaged tissue. At some point, a signal is introduced (either in culture or after transplant to the damaged tissue) for the cells to differentiate into the end tissue (in this discussion, cartilage).
Recent developments.
Until recently, the use of cultured mesenchymal stem cells to regenerate cartilage has been primarily in research with animal models. There are now, however, two published case reports of the above technique being used to successfully regenerate articular and meniscus cartilage in human knees. This technique has yet to be shown effective in a study involving a larger group of patients, however the same team of researchers have published a large safety study (n=227) showing fewer complications than would normally be associated with surgical procedures.
Another team used a similar technique for cell extraction and ex vivo expansion but cells were embedded within a collagen gel before being surgically re-implanted. They reported a case study in which a full-thickness defect in the articular cartilage of a human knee was successfully repaired.
Recent Developments using Peripheral Blood Stem Cells.
While the use of cultured mesenchymal stem cells has shown promising results, a more recent study using uncultured MSC’s has resulted in full thickness, histologically confirmed hyaline cartilage regrowth. Dr. Khay-Yong Saw and his team evaluated the quality of the repair knee cartilage after arthroscopic microdrilling (also microfracture) surgery followed by post-operative injections of autologous peripheral blood progenitor cells (PBPC) in combination with hyaluronic acid(HA). PBPC’s are a blood product containing MSC’s, which is obtained by mobilizing stem cells into the peripheral blood. In February 2011, the team published the results of a 5 patient case series. All five patients showed evidence of hyaline cartilage regeneration at second-look arthroscopy and subsequent biopsy, including 2 patients with full thickness bipolar or kissing lesions. The authors propose that the microdrilling surgery creates a blood clot scaffold on which injected PBPC’s can be recruited and enhance chondrogenesis at the site of the contained lesion. They explain that the significance of this cartilage regeneration protocol is that it is successful in patients with historically difficult-to-treat grade IV bipolar or bone-on-bone osteochondral lesions. 
Dr. Saw and his team are currently conducting a larger randomized trial and working towards beginning a multicenter study. The work of the Malaysian research team is gaining international attention.

</doc>
<doc id="19115508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115508" title="Carl Chaiet">
Carl Chaiet

Carl Chaiet is an American artist and illustrator.
Biography.
Carl Chaiet was born in New York City, New York on January 12, 1951. He grew up in Mt. Vernon, NY and attended Mt Vernon schools. He attended Hunter College as an undergraduate, Lehman College for graduate work, and New York University for his doctorate in Aesthetics. He taught art in the New York public school system for many years. During this time, he worked in a variety of mediums throughout the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s, primarily sculpture and painting, before teaming up with his wife, Lynn Kearcher, to create the Earnest and Telford series for which he is best known.
Earnest and Telford.
Telford, a renowned lexicographer, and his 6'3" bird-butler, Earnest, investigate the worlds of language and culture, generally in order to solve some sort of mystery. They are the central characters in three books illustrated by Carl Chaiet and written by Lynn Kearcher: "Being Earnest" in 1998, "It Could Have Been a Rose" in 2003, and "Man's First Word" in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19115515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115515" title="Ōsugi Station">
Ōsugi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115518" title="Leduc No. 1">
Leduc No. 1

Leduc No. 1 was a major crude oil discovery made near Leduc, Alberta, Canada on February 13, 1947. It provided the geological key to Alberta's most prolific conventional oil reserves and resulted in a boom in petroleum exploration and development across Western Canada. The discovery transformed the Alberta economy; oil and gas supplanted farming as the primary industry and resulted in the province becoming one of the richest in the country. Nationally, the discovery allowed Canada to become self-sufficient within a decade and ultimately a major exporter of oil.
The discovery followed years of exploratory failures throughout the province. Imperial Oil had spent millions of dollars drilling 133 dry holes in the previous years as only minor discoveries were made. Leduc No. 1 proved that oil was trapped in what became known as the Leduc Formation and resulted in numerous major discoveries across the prairies. Leduc No. 1 produced 317,000 barrels of oil and 323 million cubic feet of natural gas before it was decommissioned in 1974, and was part of the Leduc-Woodbend oilfield that has produced over 300 million barrels of oil total. 
Billions of investment dollars flowed into Alberta and were followed by massive immigration to the province following the discovery. Alberta's two major cities saw their populations double within a few years. Calgary grew into a major financial centre and within two decades had the highest number of millionaires in Canada, per capita. The provincial capital of Edmonton, immediately northeast of the discovery, became a major petroleum production centre. A farming community with fewer than 900 residents in 1947, Leduc grew to become Alberta's 13th city, while several towns, including Devon and Swan Hills, were founded to support workers in the oil and gas industry.
Leduc #1 Energy Discovery Centre.
Leduc No. 1 and the Leduc-Woodbend oil field were designated a National Historic Site in 1990. The Leduc #1 Energy Discovery Centre opened in 1997 and features exhibits about Canada's oil industry, including artifacts, photos and oilfield equipment. The Centre is owned and operated by the Devon/Leduc Oilfield Historical Society. 
Background.
Oil was known to exist in Alberta for many centuries. First Nations peoples used it to pitch canoes and to act as a medicinal ointment. Pioneer settlers to southern Alberta in the late 19th century noticed that an oily film occasionally covered pools of water, and that the air had unusual odours at times. In 1911, Ontario-born settler William Herron identified the nature of the odours from his time working in oil fields in Pennsylvania. He convinced Calgary businessman Archibald Dingman and Member of Parliament R. B. Bennett to visit the site near Turner Valley. The trio gathered four other investors, formed the Calgary Petroleum Products Company, Ltd. and began developing the region in search of oil. The company drilled three wells beginning in 1913, and on May 14, 1914, the third struck a significant reserve at a depth of . Excitement reached a fevered pitch in Calgary once word of the Turner Valley strike reached town. Over 500 oil exploration companies were formed within days, the majority of which existed only to bilk unwitting citizens by selling shares in companies that owned no land and had no intention of drilling for oil.
In fact, oil was not discovered initially, but rather naphtha – a form of natural gas – and Calgary settled into an economic recession that accompanied the outset of the First World War. A second major natural gas discovery brought renewed interest in 1924 when the Royalite No. 4 well blew in with a mammoth fire that burned uncontrolled for nearly a month. This find was made at a depth of . The new discovery resulted in the drilling of hundreds of wells in the region over the next 20 years. The first major crude oil discovery at Turner Valley was made in 1936 at a depth of , the deepest well in Alberta at the time. The Turner Valley oil field reached a peak production of 10 million barrels in 1942, four years after it was recognized as the largest oil field in the British Empire.
In the 30 years following the initial discovery of 1914, oil companies spent over $150 million on exploration and development but found no major reserves of note. The provincial government resorted to subsidies and tax relief for companies to encourage further exploration. Imperial Oil alone had drilled 133 wildcat wells throughout the province, all of which failed to yield significant quantities of oil. By the mid-1940s, the company neared the decision of abandoning the search for oil in the province in favour of focusing on the production synthetic gasoline out of natural gas. While the majority of the company's efforts drilled down only into Cretaceous levels where the Turner Valley strike was discovered, some of Imperial's geologists believed that greater reserves could be found deeper below the earth's surface. They convinced the company's technical committee to attempt one more deep drilling effort. Imperial's board of directors reluctantly supported the new effort, but made it known that this well, initially known as Wildcat No. 134, would be the company's last-chance effort.
Discovery.
Imperial's chief geologist, Ted Link, was among those who believed oil could be found at a much greater depth and had already met with success drilling at Norman Wells in the Northwest Territories. He had his staff determine the best location for the new well. The majority of the team favoured a triangular area that stretched between Calgary and Edmonton in central Alberta, up to Grande Prairie in the northwest. The company then set out to acquire surface lease rights to tracts of land in the region. Imperial acquired rights to over 200,000 acres of land southwest of Edmonton by the end of spring and began surveying the area for the best place to begin drilling. Seismic tests produced two possible candidates: one near the village of Leduc and another farther to the southwest near Pigeon Lake. the Pigeon Lake spot was viewed by geologists as a more promising location, the team chose Leduc due to the location's proximity to major roadways and the North Saskatchewan River. This decision proved fortuitous, as a later effort by Imperial to drill at Pigeon Lake resulted in another dry hole.
The farmstead of Mike Turta, 15 km west of Leduc, was chosen as the drilling site. As Turta lacked mineral rights, Imperial initially paid him only $250 per year to lease his land. Imperial brought Vern Hunter, nicknamed "Dry Hole" as a result of his numerous past failures, to lead the drilling team. Hunter was skeptical that the new site would lead to success. He expected it would fail like previous ventures and that Imperial would then limit its focus to Alberta's natural gas fields. The drilling site was a true wildcat – no other wells drilled within of Turta's farm – and Imperial was willing to go as deep as in this search.
Drilling of Leduc No. 1 began November 20, 1946. Several drill stem tests down to depths of showed only traces of oil and natural gas. As drilling passed into Mesozoic depths, tests indicated large quantities of natural gas and some oil. It was a small find, and close to the limits of the Paleozoic Era, where conventional wisdom of the time held that oil was unlikely to be found. Imperial was left to choose whether to begin production of this small find, or drill deeper and risk having the byproducts of drilling ruin the company's ability to complete a well at the depth of this find. Imperial chose to continue drilling. When drilling reached , into the Devonian Era, tests showed promising results. On February 3, 1947, a test sent a geyser shooting out of the drilling hole and up half the height of the drilling derrick, covering a worker with oil.
By this point, Imperial knew they had hit upon a strike. The company pressed Hunter to name a date when the well could come in. He later stated: "The crew and I were experts at abandoning wells but we didn't know much about completing them. I named February 13 and started praying." Imperial invited the public to witness as the well came in. However, the machinery broke down on that morning. The crew worked most of the day trying to fix the machinery, while some of guests began to leave, fearing another disappointment. Shortly before 4 p.m., the crew finally cleared the wellhead and the 500 people who remained despite the bitter cold bore witness Leduc No. 1 came to life. People felt a rumbling in the ground, while roughnecks opened release valves. The youngest member of the crew was given the honour of "flaring" the well. As the mixture of crude oil and gas spewed from a release pipe, the young man hurled a burning sack onto the mixture, igniting the fuel and sending flames into the air. Imperial held a party in Edmonton that night in celebration of its achievement.
Geologic breakthrough.
The discovery at Leduc was actually a stroke of good fortune, as geologists chose the location on the basis of theories that were later shown to be incorrect. The search for large oil reserves in Alberta had been ongoing for decades because the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin that covered the majority of the prairies was known to be a prime forming ground for oil. Scientists struggled to understand how such a location could have produced only the two oil fields that were known to exist in 1946. It was believed that the basin under Alberta was shaped like a hinge, extending from the Rocky Mountains in the west to the border of the Canadian Shield in the east. The "joint" of this hinge was believed to be in the area around Edmonton.
Geologists also believed that rocks from the Lower Cretaceous period, formed between 75 and 225 million years ago, was the prime depth for oil to be found. The Leduc area was believed to be an easy location to reach these depths. Earlier discoveries in Texas and at Norman Wells in the Northwest Territories had shown that oil could be found at the lower Devonian reefs, formed 225 to 600 million years ago. However, the prevailing opinion was that Alberta was a desert at that time and therefore such reefs were unlikely to have been formed. It was not until later that geologists came to realize that much of Alberta was actually a lake during this period, and therefore a prime breeding ground for the organisms that led to the creation of hydrocarbons. At its Norman Wells discovery in the Arctic, Imperial had located a reservoir in the 1920s which eventually became identified as Devonian, and there is an argument that examination of this field helped unlock the geological key to Leduc. Twenty years after the initial discovery at Leduc No. 1, dozens of oil-bearing Devonian reefs had been discovered throughout western Canada.
Leduc-Woodbend oil field.
Imperial had already begun testing for a second well, to the southwest of the first. Leduc No. 2 was spudded on February 12, 1947. By May it had reached the depth of No. 1, but revealed little oil. The company worried that Leduc would become only a minor oil field, however a decision was made to continue the search even lower. At a depth of , the well broke through into a reserve even larger than the one Leduc No. 1 discovered. Leduc No. 3 came in on the same day, May 21, 1947, ushering in Alberta's oil boom. Within weeks, over a dozen companies were drilling throughout the region. By the end of 1947, there were 31 operational wells in the area, 24 of them owned by Imperial Oil. 
The discovery of Leduc No. 1 helped unlock the geologic key to Western Canada's oil reserves. The depth at which Leduc No. 1 struck oil was labeled Devonian D-2, commonly called the Nisku Formation, while that which Nos. 2 and 3 reached was Devonian D-3, or the Leduc Formation. However, it was still many years before they fully understood the nature of the Devonian reefs. In 1949, the majority of wells drilled ran dry; Only 26 of 107 wildcat wells drilled that year became producers of oil or gas. 
A second field, called Woodbend, was discovered by Imperial north of the initial find. The two fields were combined to form the Leduc-Woodbend oil field. Within a decade, it was considered the third largest oil field in Canada. Other major discoveries followed Leduc. Imperial discovered a larger northeast of Edmonton near the village of Redwater in 1948. Gulf Canada discovered a major strike near Stettler in the central part of the province in 1950. In 1951, Texaco made two significant discoveries in the area around Wizard Lake, immediately south of Leduc-Woodbend. The largest in Alberta, the Pembina oil field, was discovered in 1953 near the town of Drayton Valley.
Production.
Canada produced only 21,000 barrels of oil per day in 1946, most of it in Turner Valley, but consumed ten times that amount. Alberta's annual total production in 1946 was 7.7 million barrels from 416 wells. Over ninety percent of the nation's oil requirements were imported from the United States. One decade later, Canada was producing sixty-five percent natively, despite a three-fold increase in consumption. Overall production had increased to nearly 144 million barrels from 7,390 productive wells, and Alberta produced 400,000 barrels per day with the capability of doubling that total.
The discoveries led to rapidly increasing estimates of Western Canada's reserves. The region was estimated to have 72 million recoverable barrels in 1946. That figure was increased to three billion in 1957. It is currently believed that Western Canada has as much as 77 billion barrels of oil in conventional reserves (i.e.: excluding the Athabasca Oil Sands), though the vast majority of that total is unrecoverable by current technology.
Drilling activity in the Leduc-Woodbend field peaked in 1951 and exploratory drilling of the field had largely ended by 1955. The field produced 4.7 million barrels of oil in 1948, surpassing total production of Turner Valley within one year. The field peaked at over 20 million barrels annually between 1953 and 1956 before gradually declining. Overall, the Leduc-Woodbend field produced over 250 million barrels in its first 50 years of operation. Leduc No. 1 itself was operational until 1974. During its 27-year lifespan, the well produced 317,000 barrels of oil and over 323 million cubic feet of natural gas.
Impact.
Population growth.
The discovery of Leduc No. 1 led to a rapid population boom in Alberta. The 1948 blowout of the nearby Atlantic No. 3 well aided provincial growth as the derrick collapse and resulting inferno made international headlines and alerted the world to Alberta's oil strikes. Alberta's population in 1946 was 803,000, compared to neighbouring Saskatchewan's total of 833,000. At the 1951 census, Alberta's population had grown to 940,000 while Saskatchewan remained stagnant. The 1951 census also made note of the transformation the province was undergoing, as the urban population outnumbered the rural for the first time in the province's history. Alberta's population grew by another 400,000 throughout the 1950s.
The Government of Alberta attempted to manage growth and hoped to prevent the risk of so-called resource towns from turning into ghost towns once the oil boom passed them by, as had happened to turn-of-the-century coal mining towns across the province. The planned town of Devon, located west of Edmonton, was founded in 1949 by Imperial Oil with the assistance of the province to provide housing and services for workers of the Leduc-Woodbend oil field. Drayton Valley was the province's first model oil town as the government organized the rapid growth the hamlet of less than 100 people experienced beginning in 1954 following the discovery of the nearby Pembina oil field the year previous. Similar communities followed, including Swan Hills, which incorporated as a town in 1967.
Calgary and Edmonton.
The already intense rivalry between the cities of Calgary and Edmonton increased following the discovery at Leduc No. 1 as both communities attempted to proclaim themselves the "oil capital of Canada". Edmonton, it was said, would have been only a "quiet administrative centre" if not for the discoveries made in the regions surrounding the city. The city became increasingly blue collar following Leduc as oil workers moved into the city. The city's population rose rapidly; Edmonton's 226,000 residents in 1956 was double that of the census ten years previous, while the city grew by an additional 55,000 by 1961. 
Edmonton has become one of the world’s premier operations and service centres for the petroleum industry. It has fabrication and manufacturing capacity that would be the envy of virtually any other oilfield service centre. The University of Alberta is a jewel in the city’s crown, and it has been a centre of oilsands research since the 1920s.
The area is Alberta’s refining and petrochemical centre – notably the “Industrial Heartland” northeast of Edmonton. That industrial region has grown organically since the late 1940s, when Imperial Oil brought a tin-pot World War II refinery down from Whitehorse to process crude from Leduc and the other new fields. Now the beneficiary of more than $25 billion in investment, this 582-square-kilometre region hosts 40 large companies and many small ones. Together they operate refineries and petrochemical plants, an upgrader, pipelines, service companies and numerous other interdependent businesses.
However, while many petroleum-related workers and facilities are now located in Edmonton, corporate offices remained in Calgary. Many oil companies had placed their offices in the southern city following the Turner Valley discovery and made no effort to relocate even as drilling and exploration moved north. Consequently, the oil money flowed through Calgary. By 1967, the city had more millionaires than any other in the country, per capita, and more cars per person than any city in the world. Today it is possible to imagine Calgary - which has the planet's greatest concentration of energy-related knowledge in its downtown core - becoming a serious rival to Houston as the energy capital of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19115519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115519" title="Nordea Bank Danmark A/S">
Nordea Bank Danmark A/S

Nordea Bank Danmark A/S is a bank in Denmark. It is part of Nordea - the largest Scandinavian financial group. Nordea is the result of a merger in 1997 between the Danish bank Unibank, which itself was an amalgamation of older Danish banks, most notable Sparekassen SDS, and banks from other Nordic countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19115533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115533" title="Matthias Döschner">
Matthias Döschner

Matthias Döschner (born 12 January 1958) is a German former footballer. He spent much of his career with Dynamo Dresden, playing over 250 DDR-Oberliga games. He also won 40 caps for East Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19115545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115545" title="Pablo Ricardi">
Pablo Ricardi

Pablo Ricardi (born 25 February 1962, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine chess grandmaster.
He won the Argentine Chess Championship five times (1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, and 1999), and was a sub-champion in 2005.
He also won or shared first at La Paz 1987 (Pan American Chess Championship), Buenos Aires 1991 (Seventh International Konex Master Chess Open Tournament), Villa Gesell 1996, Buenos Aires 2003, and Santiago de Chile 2006. 
Ricardi played eleven times for Argentina in Chess Olympiads, from 1984 to 2006. He twice represented Argentina in Panamerican Team Chess Championship, and won team gold medal at Villa Gesell 1985, team silver medal at Cascavel 1995, and two individual gold medals there. 
He was awarded the Grandmaster title in 1997. Konex Foundation granted him the Platinum Konex Award in 2000 as the most important chess player of the decade.

</doc>
<doc id="19115546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115546" title="Tosa-Kitagawa Station">
Tosa-Kitagawa Station

Layout.
1 island platform with tracks on a bridge on Anauchi River. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku
 

</doc>
<doc id="19115548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115548" title="Valmont Martin">
Valmont Martin

Valmont Martin (May 19, 1875, in Carleton - February 24, 1935, in Quebec City) was a Canadian physician and politician, serving as mayor of Quebec City from March 1, 1926 to December 7, 1927.
Biography.
Valmont Martin was the son of Henri-Josué Martin and Amélia-Jeanne Verge. He studied at the Séminaire de Rimouski. He was a medical doctor, a graduate of Université Laval. Beginning in 1899, he practiced medicine during 32 years in the Saint-Roch neighbourhood in the town of Québec. He married Eugénie Brunet.
He was an alderman ("échevin") in the Jacques-Cartier ward of Québec from February 26, 1912, until 1917, and an alderman in the Saint-Roch ward from 1917 until March 1, 1924.
Martin was candidate for the office of mayor in the 1924 election but he was defeated by incumbent mayor Joseph Samson, who was in office since 1920. In the February 15, 1926, election, Martin was again a candidate against Samson and this time Martin was elected mayor, by a narrow margin. Soon after taking office, Martin contracted an unspecified illness and was bed-ridden for several months. Then, he became disenchanted by disagreements between the members of the city council and by the financial difficulties of the city due to insufficient revenues. His two-year term of office was due to end in March 1928, but in the Autumn of 1927 Valmont resigned and, on November 29, 1927, the city council appointed him as the director of the municipal Hygiene service and of the Hôpital civique. (Officially, he left office as mayor on December 7, 1927, after the nomination of his successor). He was succeeded by Télesphore Simard, who was chosen by the city council for completing the remaining months of the mayoral term of office.
In 1929, Martin became an associate professor at université Laval. In 1931, he became head physician of the Société d'hospitalisation.
Avenue Valmont-Martin in Québec is named after him since 1959 (it was named "avenue Martin" from 1959 until 2006 and was renamed "avenue Valmont-Martin" in 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="19115551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115551" title="Xiomara Griffith">
Xiomara Griffith

Xiomara Yolanda Griffith Mahon (born September 13, 1969) is a female judoka from Venezuela. She competed for her native South American country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992. Griffith won a total of three medals at the Pan American Games in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19115557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115557" title="SMK Pengiran Omar">
SMK Pengiran Omar

Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Pengiran Omar or SMKPO is a secondary school located at the town of Sipitang, in the Interior Division of the state of Sabah, Malaysia. The school is listed as one of 88 smart schools in Malaysia. This school has achieved several awards for their academic and co-curricular performance and have also broken a Malaysian record.
History of the school.
The school was first established in January 1965 and was originally called Government Junior Secondary School Sipitang. Its original site was in a shoplot area in Sipitang town. In 1968, the building was destroyed due to typhoon, hence it is relocated to the current location near Kampung Pelakat Sipitang. In 1973, the school was upgraded to a Government Secondary School and the school's name was changed to Sekolah Menengah Pengiran Omar Sipitang in order to commemorate Pengiran Omar bin Syaifuddin for contributing to the local economy. The school was nominated to be a smart school in 1999.
Academic and Co-curricular Achievements.
The school is very active in rugby. On 6 April 2008 the school won 3rd place in the under 16 age category in the state finals. 
The school was recently nominated to inquire two program from the Ministry of Education for F1 in school and for robot building. They also have broken the Malaysian record for the longest (thank you) card.
List of headmasters through the ages.
1 MR. CHANG SIEW BOK 
2 MR. CHIN HOCK YIN 
3 MR. LIAW BENG TECK 
4 MR. LEE TIEN SHIONG 
5 MR. KAMAL D.E. QUADRA 
6 MR. FREDERIK SUBAL 
7 MR. MD. YUSSUF SUDIN 
8 MR. OTHMAN MAHALI 
(1978–1980) 
9 MR. ABDUL AZIZ AHMAD 
10 MR. ABDULLAH HJ. ISA 
11 MR. AK ALI PG JUMAAT 
12 TN. HAJI MOHD SHAFIE MATZAIN 
13 TN. HAJI MAHAMAD BIN HAJI ABDULLAH 

</doc>
<doc id="19115590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115590" title="Kakumodani Station">
Kakumodani Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115591" title="All Joy Foods">
All Joy Foods

All Joy Foods Limited is a South African manufacturer of condiments and tomato sauce. The company was founded in 1987 by Marci Pather after he successfully raised R135 thousand. Its first plant was opened in Newtown, a suburb of Johannesburg, and its first product was tomato sauce. All Joy is South Africa's second largest producer of tomato sauces. 
All Joy Foods is listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and its main office is in Johannesburg. As of October 2005, it had a turnover of R220 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19115606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115606" title="Znicz Jarosław">
Znicz Jarosław

Znicz Jarosław is a Polish basketball team, based in Jarosław, playing in Dominet Bank Ekstraliga.

</doc>
<doc id="19115608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115608" title="Phil Rajzman">
Phil Rajzman

Phil Rajzman (born Philip Wollens Rajzman on 27 June 1982 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a professional surfer.
As a disciple of one of the pioneers and biggest names in Brazilian surfing, Rico de Souza, Phil Rajzman began catching waves at six years old and was recognized as one of the greatest promises in Brazilian surfing from an early age. He has been consistently present on podiums since 1994, when he started competing.
At the age of 15 Phil became a known figure, impressing the world with great performances on giant waves in Hawaii. He was invited to join the first Brazilian Tow-In Team, (where the surfer is pulled by a jet-ski, searching for the biggest and best waves possible).
In 2002 Phil participated in the movie Surf Adventures, a highlight of which was his amazing sequence of maneuvers at Fernando de Noronha. A continuation of the movie, Surf Adventures 2, is in the final editing phase, and Phil again plays a main role in the movie as being the only surfer to use both a short and longboard.
In May 2007 Rajzman beat Danilo Rodrigo and won the ASP OXBOW World Championship in France.
He is the son of Bernard Rajzman, a former professional volleyball player and Michelle Wollens, a former professional figure skater.

</doc>
<doc id="19115609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115609" title="Shigetō Station">
Shigetō Station

Layout.
The station has two platforms serving three tracks, as illustrated below.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku
 

</doc>
<doc id="19115618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115618" title="Tin Hau temples in Hong Kong">
Tin Hau temples in Hong Kong

Over 100 temples are (at least partially) dedicated to Tin Hau in Hong Kong. They include:
Festivals.
Two temples have a marine parade to celebrate the Tin Hau Festival (天后誕; Pinyin: Tiānhòudàn): Tin Hau Temple on Leung Shuen Wan (High Island) and Tin Hau Temple on Tap Mun, which has it once every ten years.
The celebration at Tin Hau Temple, Joss House Bay is attended annually by upwards of 40,000 to 50,000 people. Another large celebration takes place at the Tai Shu Ha temple.
List by district.
Note 1: Unless otherwise noted, Tin Hau is the main deity of the temples listed below.<br>
Note 2: A territory-wide grade reassessment of historic buildings is ongoing. The grades listed in the table are based on this update (10 September 2013). The temples with no status listed in the table below are not graded and do not appear in the list of historic buildings considered for grading.

</doc>
<doc id="19115620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115620" title="Shingai Station">
Shingai Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115625" title="Rani Chandra (The Sarah Jane Adventures)">
Rani Chandra (The Sarah Jane Adventures)

Rani Chandra is a fictional character played by Anjli Mohindra in the British children's science fiction television programme "The Sarah Jane Adventures", a spin-off from the long-running series "Doctor Who". She first appeared in "The Day of the Clown".
Conception.
Rani Chandra was introduced into "The Sarah Jane Adventures" as a replacement for departing character Maria Jackson played by Yasmin Paige. Paige left the series as a regular due to her wanting to complete her GCSE's, thus, Maria moved to America because her Dad had been offered a job there.
Rani's parents, Haresh and Gita Chandra, replace Maria's parents, Alan and Chrissie Jackson, as Alan departs with their daughter and Chrissie no longer has reason to show up.
Rani shares her name with the Rani, a recurring villain from the classic series of "Doctor Who". Russell T Davies told readers of "Doctor Who Magazine" that Rani is "not "the" Rani".
Appearances.
Rani Chandra first appears in the second story of series two, replacing the character of Maria Jackson (Yasmin Paige). In "The Day of the Clown" (2008), Rani and her parents move into the Jacksons' old house at 12 Bannerman Road, opposite Sarah Jane (Elisabeth Sladen) and Luke Smith's (Tommy Knight) house, in Ealing, London. Her father is the new head teacher of the school where she, Luke and his best friend Clyde (Daniel Anthony) are pupils; her mother owns Bloomin' Lovely floral shop. An aspiring journalist, Rani soon joins Sarah Jane's investigative gang.
In the series three première "Prisoner of the Judoon" (2009), Rani and Clyde are banned by extraterrestrial police force the Judoon from space travel as punishment for interference in their work. Although grounded on her terrestrial homeworld, she is nobility of an unspecified alien planet. A humanoid child monarch known as Gavin creates her Lady Rani in appreciation of her assistance in his succession which also saved the whole of humanity. Coincidently, she is continually addressed as Lady Rani in the subsequent serial, when she is transported to the court of Queen Jane and mistaken for a newly summoned lady-in-waiting.
Series three story "The Mad Woman in the Attic" focuses on Rani. Sarah Jane discovers that, in violation of her rules, Rani has shared her adventures in letters to her former schoolfriend Samuel; the events of the episode cause two timelines to occur, one where in 2059, Rani has acquired the Smith home at 13 Bannerman Road and become miserable and alone, and another where she will have a son and grandchildren and still friends with Luke and even her predecessor, Maria, living with her family at the former Smith home. Rani's final appearance comes in series five, in the last episode of the programme, "The Man Who Never Was" (2011).
Characterisation.
The official "The Sarah Jane Adventures" website offers the following description of Rani Chandra:
In an interview for "SFX", Mohindra asserts that Rani and Maria are only similar in the extent that they are both girls, live in the same house and "personality terms...[they are both quite strong-willed", although she notes that there are "a lot less tears from Rani than there were from Maria." She describes Rani's relationship with Sarah Jane as "a lot different" to that between Sarah Jane and Maria. Mohindra notes that Rani is "very much an apprentice of Sarah Jane... at first...Sarah Jane is not really that interested in taking on another child." Rani shadows Sarah Jane and copies her behaviour to help her deal with a situation. She is keen on fighting mentally as opposed to physically and Mohindra likes the fact that Rani is "a girl between two guys at times".
Reception.
Reviewing the second series of "The Sarah Jane Adventures" for Digital Spy, Ben Rawson-Jones writes that: "As Rani, Anjli Mohindra was fine with dialogue, but painfully self-conscious on a physical acting level when compared to the effortless ease with which Daniel Anthony and Tommy Knight portray Clyde and Luke. It was almost as if someone was stood slightly off set operating her with strings. That theory at least fits into the whole 'body possession' procession of the second season."

</doc>
<doc id="19115628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115628" title="Rafflesia tuan-mudae">
Rafflesia tuan-mudae

Rafflesia tuan-mudae is a member of the Rafflesiaceae family. It lives as a parasite on the "Tetrastigma" vine. The enormous flowers may reach up to 1 m in diameter. The buds normally emerge where the vine is growing along the ground, unlike some of the other "Rafflesia" species whose buds can emerge from vines hanging in the air. 
In the Malaysian language, "tuan-mudae" translates as 'Beloved or young Prince' after Charles Brooke the British Rajah of Sarawak. Locally the flower is referred to as "bunga pakma" - "bunga" means "flower" in Malaysian.
Typically the flowers are around 60 cm in diameter opening from a 20 cm bud. Occasionally these buds reach 30 cm in diameter in which case a flower nearly 1 m across may form.
Life cycle.
The flowers can be found on liana-like vines, specifically "Tetrastigma" sp.. The seeds reach the host plant by an unknown animal vector, penetrate the tissue of the root and grow inside the host tissue for an indefinite period of time before buds develop. The bud develops for 9 months, before it becomes a gigantic orange to red flower. It stays in full bloom for just 7 days. The main pollinator for this flower are flies. All "Rafflesia" flowers emit a rotting meat stench attracting pollinators, although the smell of "R. tuan-mudae" is comparatively mild. However, they are no less effective at attracting these flies, upon whose back pollen is deposited. 
Male and female flowers can only be identified by fingering under the central disk for the anthers. However, visitors are encouraged not to touch or handle the buds in particular, as they are fragile and may die.
Distribution.
In Sarawak, one of the easiest locations to see "R. tuan-mudae" is at Gunung Gading National Park, at the park headquarters or near Waterfall 7. In July 2008, one of the largest flowers measuring 95 cm was recorded in the park.

</doc>
<doc id="19115630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115630" title="Unconditional Love (Glen Campbell album)">
Unconditional Love (Glen Campbell album)

Unconditional Love is the 47th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1991 (see 1991 in music). "Somebody's Doin' Me Right" was later released posthumously by Keith Whitley from his 1992 album "Kentucky Bluebird".
Charts.
Singles - Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19115633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115633" title="Tosa-Yamada Station">
Tosa-Yamada Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115644" title="Max Lewandowsky">
Max Lewandowsky

Max Lewandowsky (June 28, 1876 - April 4, 1916) was a German neurologist, who was a native of Berlin.
He studied medicine at the University of Marburg, Berlin and Halle, and earned his doctorate in 1904. Since 1905 he worked in Berlin-Friedrichshain hospital. His co-workers were Korbinian Brodmann, Cecile Vogt, Oskar Vogt and Max Bielschowsky. 
Since 1910 he edited, together with Alois Alzheimer, "Zeitschrift für die gesamte Neurologie und Psychiatrie". He wrote also handbook of neurology, "Handbuch der Neurologie". During World War I he became infected with typhus and died.

</doc>
<doc id="19115650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115650" title="Yamada-Nishimachi Station">
Yamada-Nishimachi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115651" title="Carmine Isacco">
Carmine Isacco

Carmine Isacco (born September 20, 1970 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian soccer coach and retired player. He is currently the head coach of SC Toronto of the Canadian Soccer League.
Playing career.
In 1989, Isacco entered the University of Maryland, College Park where he was a Soccer America Magazine freshman All-American goalkeeper. Over his four seasons with the Terrapins, he was named to the All-ACC first team three times and was the Terrapins team captain as a senior in 1992. He then spent time with the Canadian Olympic Team and competed at the 1993 World University Games. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from Maryland
Isaaco turned professional in 1993 with the Toronto Italia in the National Soccer League. In his first season with the club, he was Goalkeeper of the Year, and was also named a Canadian all-star three times. In 1996, he moved to the Milwaukee Rampage of the USISL. He was selected to the All USISL Select First Team. In the fall of 1996, he signed with the Toronto Shooting Stars of the National Professional Soccer League. He returned to the Rampage for the 1997 USISL A-League season as the Rampage won the league title. He would continue to play the summer outdoor season with the Rampage until released by the team on July 13, 1999. On October 16, 1997, he signed a two year contract with the Milwaukee Wave of the NPSL. However, he spent most of the season as backup to Victor Nogueira. After having been released by the Rampage half way through the 1999 outdoor season, Isaaco signed with the Rochester Rhinos in August. He then moved to the Edmonton Drillers for the 1999-2000 NPSL season. On June 20, 2000, the Toronto Lynx signed Isacco. He also served as an assistant coach with the Lynx. In the fall of 2000, he signed with the Buffalo Blizzard where he again served as a backup, this time to Bryan Finnerty. The Blizzard folded at the end of the season and in August 2001, the Kansas City Comets selected Isacco in the dispersal draft, but he chose not to sign with the team.
Managerial career.
After retiring from soccer Isacco became the head coach of the Toronto Supra in 2002. In 2005 he was appointed the head coach of Vaughan Shooters where he led the Shooters to playoffs, eventually reaching the finals, but losing out to the Oakville Blue Devils 2-1. In June 2005, he was also hired to coach the University of Toronto men's soccer team, the Varsity Blues. Isacco resigned as head coach of the Vaughn Shooters following the 2006 season in order to concentrate his duties with the University of Toronto. With the Varsity Blues, he led the team to OUA silver medals in both 2005 and 2006, also capturing a CIS silver in 2005. On January 10, 2007 Isacco resigned as the men’s soccer head coach and accepted a position as an assistant goalkeeping coach with Toronto FC, serving under head coach Mo Johnston. 
Before the start of the 2008 TFC season, with Johnston moving upstairs to fill the role of Director of Football and Isacco's contract not being renewed, he was appointed the head coach of York University on March 26, 2007. At the same time, he was also appointed the new head coach of the Italia Shooters for the CSL 2008 season. The season concluded with the Shooters winning their second International Division title. He led Italia to the playoffs, with a victory over the Brampton Lions in the quarterfinals, but losing to eventual champions Serbian White Eagles in the semi-finals. Isacco resigned from his position as head coach of Italia in order to focus with his duties with York University.
In 2011, Isacco returned to the Canadian Soccer League as head coach of his former club, Portugal FC/Toronto Supra, now SC Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="19115655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115655" title="Hal Hurst">
Hal Hurst

Hal Hurst, R.B.A, R.I, R.O.I, H.R.M.S (1865–1938) was an English painter, etcher, miniaturist, illustrator and founding member of the Royal Miniature Society.
Life and work.
Born Henry William Lowe Hurst in London in 1865, he was the son of Henry Hurst, a well-known African traveller and publisher. He was educated at St. Paul's School in London and soon after started recording the political instability of Ireland through drawings and illustrations. He travelled to the United States of America where he found work illustrating newspapers in New York and Philadelphia. Hal returned to Europe studying art at the Royal Academy Schools and the Académie Julian in Paris. He exhibited extensively at all the principal London galleries and was elected member of the Royal Society of British Artists in 1896, Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours in 1898, and the Royal Institute of Oil Painters in 1900. He was a founder member of the Royal Miniature Society from its inception in 1896 and elected Vice President, a position he held until stepping down in 1913 - he was given the distinction of Honorary member status the following year.
Hal shared a studio at 23a South Audley Street, Mayfair, London with Alyn Williams founder of the Royal Miniature Society. An motivated, prolific and respected artist, Hal illustrated in excess of 20 published books including Mark Twain's "The American Claimant". In addition, his illustrations were published in Punch, Harper's Weekly, Vanity Fair, The Idler and the Illustrated London News, amongst others.
He married and had one son and two daughters with whom he lived at 9 Colville Mansions, Bayswater. He was the friend and neighbour of Douglas Sladen, the well-known author and travel writer, who also owned many of Hurst's paintings. Sladen described Hurst as being 'a very clever painter' and having a 'beautiful young wife.'
The National Art Library, London holds letters written by Hurst to Sir Isidore Spielmann and Reginald S. Hunt. Hal Hurst died in 1938.
Exhibitions.
Solo
Group
Partial bibliography.
Illustrations for Books:
Illustrations for Periodicals and Magazines:

</doc>
<doc id="19115660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115660" title="1974 South American Championships – Singles">
1974 South American Championships – Singles

Guillermo Vilas was the defending champion and won in the final 6–3, 0–6, 7–5, 6–2 against Manuel Orantes.

</doc>
<doc id="19115672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115672" title="William Christopher Dowling Prendergast">
William Christopher Dowling Prendergast

William Christopher Dowling Prendergast was a medical doctor who spent much of his life researching the effects of lead on the life span of people working in the pottery industry. He was born on February 8, 1859 and his parents were John Prendergast, a native of County Waterford, Ireland and Julianne Dowling, a native of the island of St. Helena. Dr. Prendergast lived in Hanley, Staffordshire, and wrote "The Potter And Lead Poisoning" in 1898 and other articles on the effects of lead poisoning. In 1924, Dr. Prendergast was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE). After his retirement, he lived in Falmouth, Cornwall, and died on March 12, 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="19115675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115675" title="José Giovanni">
José Giovanni

José Giovanni (June 22, 1923, Paris, France – April 24, 2004, Lausanne, Switzerland) was the pseudonym of Joseph Damiani, a French-Swiss writer and film-maker of Corsican origin.
A former criminal who at one time was sentenced to death, Giovanni often drew his inspiration from personal experiences or from real gangsters such as Abel "the mammoth" Davos in his 1960 film "Classe tous risques". In his films as well as his novels, he often championed the underworld, as did Auguste Le Breton, while praising masculine friendships and advocating the confrontation of the individual against the world.
Biography.
Originally Corsican, José Giovanni was well-educated, studying at the Collège Stanislas de Paris and Lycée Janson de Sailly. He worked at several professions (logger, miner, innkeeper) before becoming a writer and film-maker. Fascinated by climbing, he was also a mountain guide, and during the Second World War was a member of Jacques Faure's "Jeunesse et Montagne" (Youth and Mountain) group.
In Prison.
In 1945, after the Liberation, he became involved in the scene of the Quartier Pigalle, Paris, and was caught up in a racketeering venture organized by his maternal uncle with the help of his elder brother. The racket turned murderous; three people died. In 1948 Giovanni was sentenced to death (though he had himself killed no-one) along with an accomplice, Georges Accad. He however narrowly escaped the guillotine when he and Accad's sentences were commuted by President Vincent Auriol to twenty years of hard labour. He was released from prison in December 1956 and was rehabilitated in 1986 after a new trial. 
He died from a brain haemorrhage.
Writing.
He wrote his first novel, "Le Trou" ("The Hole"), when he was 33 years old. It tells the escape he attempted from prison with other inmates in 1947. His lawyer, and writer Roger Nimier read the book to Antoine Blondin and Albert Camus through whom it was published. His style, at times strange and intentionally clumsy, does not fail to surprise the reader with its findings and its strong images, sometimes to the limit of toleration. The novel was turned into a film.
In 1958 the editor Marcel Duhamel introduced Giovanni to the "Série noire" publishing imprint, where he was immediately noticed by the publication of three novels the same year:

</doc>
<doc id="19115693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115693" title="Tosa-Nagaoka Station">
Tosa-Nagaoka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19115707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115707" title="Maletti Group">
Maletti Group

The Maletti Group ("Raggruppamento Maletti") was an "ad hoc" "mechanized" unit formed by the Italian Royal Army ("Regio Esercito") in Italian North Africa ("Africa Settentrionale Italiana", or ASI) during the initial stages of the Western Desert Campaign of World War II. The group was formed in June 1940 and was destroyed in December of the same year.
Western Desert Campaign.
The Maletti Group was commanded by General Pietro Maletti and was part of the Libyan Corps, also known as the "Royal Corps of Libyan Colonial Troops" ("Regio Corpo Truppe Coloniali della Libia"). The group itself was composed of six battalions of Libyan infantry and of two battalions of armor. The 2,500 Libyans were "mechanized" in that they were transported in trucks. One armor battalion had thirty-five L3/33 and/or L3/35 tankettes. The other had thirty-five M11/39 medium tanks.
During the very early stages of the North African Campaign, the Maletti Group took part offensively in the Italian invasion of Egypt and defensively during the British counterattack known as Operation Compass. In September 1940, the group acted as a flank guard and led the Italian advance from Libya into Egypt. By December, the group was in defensive positions at the Nibiewa Camp near Sidi Barrani. Many of the armored vehicles were "dug in" and acted as stationary pillboxes. 
The Maletti group was considered the 3rd Libyan Division in the initial Italian attack to Egypt, together with the 1st Libyan Division Sibelle and the 2 Libyan Division Pescatori.
The Maletti Group was earmarked for early destruction by the British. During the initial attack, Matilda infantry tanks of the 7th Royal Tank Regiment exploited a hole in the Italian defensive positions and attacked the Nibiewa camp from the rear. The Maletti Group was destroyed and General Pietro Maletti was killed in action while trying to stop the sudden attack:
The Operation Compass attack on Maletti Group was supported by 25 pounder artillery and Blenheim bombers and was centred on the advance of Mk.II Matilda tanks. Within an hour of the onset of combat Italian General Pietro Maletti was dead and 4,000 Italian soldiers (most of them Libyan colonial troops) had surrendered. Within three days, the attacking forces then moved west along the Via della Vittoria, through the Halfaya Pass and captured Fort Capuzzo, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="19115710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115710" title="René Müller">
René Müller

René Müller (born 11 February 1959) is a German former footballer.
Müller was first-choice goalkeeper of the East German national team for much of the 1980s, and was twice East German Footballer of the Year. He played for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig for fourteen years, and later had spells with FC Sachsen Leipzig, Dynamo Dresden and FC St. Pauli. He is now a coach, he was managing 1. FC Nuremberg's reserve team from 2007 until 11 April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19115715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115715" title="Eleucadia Vargas">
Eleucadia Vargas

Eleucadia Vargas Reyes (born February 14, 1970) is a female judoka from the Dominican Republic. She competed for her native country at two Summer Olympics: 1992 and 2000. Vargas won a total number of two bronze medals at the Pan American Games in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19115724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115724" title="Marius Alexe">
Marius Alexe

Marius Silviu Alexe (born 22 February 1990) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a left winger for Serie A club Sassuolo on loan from Dinamo București. He was only 10 years old when he joined the youth system of Dinamo București, and he subsequently spent twelve years with them.
Club career.
Dinamo București.
Alexe started his football career when he was 10 years old at Dinamo București. From the very beginning, the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach, who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger.
His great potential did not go unnoticed by Europe's top clubs, and in 2006, when he was 16 years old, Glasgow Rangers made an offer for him (according to rumours they bid €250K for the gifted striker), with fellow Scottish outfits Hearts and Aberdeen also expressing interest in acquiring his services. But Alexe opted to stay at his home club and gain experience in his homeland before thinking about a move abroad.
Loan to Astra.
He was loaned to the Romanian side Astra Ploiești and helped the team get promoted to Romania's Liga I with six goals in 23 games. His debut in Romania's Liga I came on 2 August 2009 with Astra, but his loan spell was cut short when Dinamo called him back after only three games for his adopted side due to his great performance against rivals Rapid, against who he bagged a brace.
Breakthrough at Dinamo.
He returned to his home club and scored another five goals in 29 games, gaining experience and becoming a crucial component of the first-team squad. Alexe also played for Romania Under 21s alongside his teammate Gabriel Torje, another talented and promising young player, and together they led the team in some great performances, although they ultimately ended up losing to England in the Euro 2011 qualifiers.
After an impressive 2009–10 season, his evolutions brought the attention of Chelsea, but Dinamo asked €5 million for the player and the transaction failed.
On April 16, 2012, Alexe scored two goals in a game against Concordia Chiajna. He dedicated his goals to his father, who had died. A week later, on April 22, Alexe confirmed he had regained his past from, by scoring another two goals in the 3-2 victory against Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț.
Loan to Sassuolo.
After expressing his wish in the end of the first training camp of Dinamo to leave the club, Alexe completed a move to Sassuolo on 9 July 2013. He joined on loan, for €500k, with the newly promoted Serie A team having an option to make the deal permanent for €2 million which would acquire 90% of the player's rights by the end of the season. Dinamo București will also receive from this loan €300k if Alexe scores 10 goals and another €400k if he scores 15.
International career.
Alexe has played for a number of youth teams, starting with Romania U-17 for which he played 6 games and scored 1 goal. He also played for Romania U-19, where he amassed 8 games and scored 1 goal, and Romania U-21 for which he has played 10 times.
Alexe played his first match for Romania national football team in a game against Luxembourg on 29 March 2011. He came on in the 84th minute for Adrian Mutu.
Playing style.
Alexe is able to play both as a striker and as a left winger. His greatest assets are without a doubt his speed and technique. Alexe has great acceleration and very impressive pace, enabling him to dominate the left flank. He possesses great dribbling skills, control and passing ability, which, along with his agility, make him a very tough player to mark. Alexe is naturally right footed, but it is barely noticeable because he controls the ball so well with either foot. He is very elegant in his playing style, and just like Thierry Henry, he likes to wait on the left flank for the ball, before cutting into the middle and looking for the target. Not only is Alexe able to produce scoring opportunities to his teammates, his great finishing allows him to score goals from almost any range, and that, together with his great heading ability, makes him an excellent option as a striker.
Statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of match played "

</doc>
<doc id="19115725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115725" title="Brita Persdotter Karth">
Brita Persdotter Karth

Brita Persdotter Karth is a fictional person in Swedish history. She was earlier believed to have been the mistress or perhaps even wife of the exiled prince Gustav of Sweden, son of king Eric XIV, and her eldest son Lars was believed to have been the forefather of the noble Swedish families of Eldstierna and Stierneld. 
The story behind the legend.
The history about Brita Karth and her alleged children with prince Gustav was the product of baron Adolf Ludvig Stierneld (1755-1835), courtier and a well-known collector of historical documents, whom historians have later found also to be a ruthless forger of such documents. Wishing to claim a royal ancestry for his own family Stierneld reported having found handwritten notes by Brita Karth herself regarding her relation and family with Gustav in an old pious book that was to have been given to her by Gustav's mother, Karin Månsdotter.
Although Stierneld's claims were at the time accepted by the Swedish House of Nobility they were also soon refuted by historians and genealogists, beginning with an essay by A.T.G. Oxenstierna in 1869 and later by noted archivist and genealogist Victor Örnberg (1839-1908) in "Svenska ättartal". Today Brita Karth and her children are regarded as completely fictional.
Brita Karth according to the legend.
Brita Karth was said to have been born about 1568 in Silesia as the daughter of a Swedish warrior named Peder Karth and to have died somewhere after 1594. She is said to have married prince Gustav in Kashin in Russia in 1594 after alreday having delivered four children of his: Lars (or Laurentius) (1586-1660), Eric (1588-?), Carl Gustav (1590-?) and Catherine Sigrid (1592-?).

</doc>
<doc id="19115733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115733" title="Route 56 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 56 (MTA Maryland)

Route 56 is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in the suburbs of Baltimore. The route currently runs from the Owings Mills Town Center to Glyndon via Reisterstown Road and the Owings Mills Metro Subway Station. The line, which was a split-off from the final version of the now defunct Route M-9, and resembles the former Route M-16 that operated from 1987 to 1998.
History.
Route 56 has only been operating under this designation since February 17, 2008. Its route, however, has a long history of being served by other bus and streetcar lines.
The no. 56 designation was once previously used in Baltimore transit history for a line that operated from Murray Hill (near Rodgers Forge) to Bedford Square (near Charles Village). This line operated from 1948 to 1953 before being merged into the current Route 11, the main bus route for the Charles Street corridor.
1916 to 1932.
Service on Reisterstown Road was provided by the No. 5 Streetcar Line, which ran from Emory Grove to Patterson Park, providing transit along all parts of Reisterstown Road in Baltimore County. The no. 5 streetcar had the most northern terminus of all Baltimore streetcars. At this time, the corridor was far less developed than it is today.
1932 to 1948.
In 1932, the no. 5 streetcar was shortened to Pikesville. Service between Pikesville and Emory Grove was provided by Bus Route M (no relationship to "M-lines").
1948 to 1959.
In 1948, the no. 5 streetcar was completely converted to a bus operated. The new line was identified as the no. 5/7 line.
1959 to 1984.
In 1959, the no. 5/7 line was split into two separate lines with these designations. The no. 7 bus line provided service on all parts of Reisterstown Road from Glyndon to Pennsylvania and North Avenues, then continued along Pennsylvania Avenue to downtown Baltimore and Canton along the same route as the present no. 7 line. Even after the line was shortened in 1984 in favor of shorter Metro feeder buses, Route 7 buses continued to operate along this full route hourly on Sundays until 2001, when the Metro connection buses started to operate 7 days a week, some 24 hours a day.
1984 to 1987.
On June 18, 1984, in conjunction with the opening of the Baltimore Metro Subway, several bus routes in the northwest section of the Baltimore area, including Route 7, were shortened, and portions of them were replaced with various feeder buses that brought riders into various Metro stations. A new Route P-1 was formed that operated between the new Reisterstown Plaza Metro Subway Station and Reisterstown during Metro's hours of operation.
1987 to 1997.
On August 31, 1987, in conjunction with the extension of the Metro to Owings Mills, all "P-lines" were replaced with "M-lines". Route P-1 north of Painters Mill Road was replaced with a new Route M-16, which fed into the new Owings Mills Station. The new M-9 line provided service on Reisterstown Road between Patterson Avenue and Painters Mill Road.
1997 to 2008.
In 1997, Route M-16 was combined with Route M-9, which was extended to Reisterstown, with selected trips to Chartley (then a branch of Route M-16). This provided single-seat service along all portions of Reisterstown Road in Baltimore County, as well as improved midday and Saturday service to Route M-16 and to the Owings Mills Town Center. A new Route M-17 was also formed that provided peak hour service to the Owings Mills Corporate Campus and the Business Center at Owings Mills. Sunday service was added in 2001 that was identical to the Saturday schedule.
In 1999, the destination signs on Route M-9 were changed from "Reisterstown" to "Glyndon" to avoid confusion caused by buses along Painters Mill Road and at the Owings Mills Metro Station and Town Center that were traveling in opposite directions (southbound buses had flashed between "Reisterstown" and Plaza Station.".
In 2000, the Chartley branch was discontinued. For a brief period of time, the trips that once operated to Chartley were laying over at a loop near a Food Lion supermarket in Reisterstown, but due to complaints from residents of this neighborhood, these trips were later rerouted to the Glyndon loop along Hanover Pike where all other buses lay over.
In 2007, it was proposed that the line would be split into two routes, numbered 56 and 59, that would be similar to the pre-1997 routes M-9 and M-16, but with higher frequencies. This change, which went into effect on February 17, 2008, was planned in order to improve schedule adherence on both routes. At the same time, trips via Dolfield Road were discontinued, and all trips on Route 56 operate via Painter Mill Road to Reisterstown Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19115734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115734" title="Karl Kurz">
Karl Kurz

Karl Kurz (born November 21, 1898 - died November 26, 1933 in Basel, Switzerland) was an Austrian football player and manager.
Playing career.
Club.
Kurz played mostly as a winger but by the end of his career he had been deployed as a central midfielder on occasions. Slight in stature, his preferences lay in the ball control, the game overview and the positional play.
He began playing football as a pupil at Klosterneuburg drill ground and eventually played for the Vienna school boys' team and the youth team at First Vienna FC where he played alongside Victor Hierländer and Karl Jiszda. In 1915, he began playing for Floridsdorfer Amateurs but after just three games he joined the Austrian Army and in May 1916 he was sent into battle during World War I. He returned from the war wounded in 1917 and began playing with FK Austria Wien after his recovery, and helped them finish league runners up in 1920.
In 1921, he moved to Ridge Vienna FC where he finished league runner up twice more. He then signed for 1 more season with 1. Simmeringer SC and retired in March 1927 to work as a coach in Latvia. However, he returned to Vienna in October of that year to play amateur football but had to retire in Winter 1928 due to an illness that would later turn out to be leukaemia.
International.
Kurz's first international appearance for Austria came in November 1919 against Hungary. From 1921 until 1926 he played as Austria's right winger in every fixture. His last game for Austria was against Italy in November 1928. He earned 32 caps for Austria and 15 for the Vienna Select XI.
Coaching career.
After a short spell as a coach in Latvia in 1927, Kurz's next coaching roll was as assistant manager to Robert Lang at FK Austria Wien in 1929. In 1930, he became manager of FC Grenchen in Switzerland and then FC Basel in 1931. At Basel, he won the 1933 Schweizer Cup with two fellow Austrians, Ferdinand Wesely and Otto Haftl, in the team.
Death.
He died on November 26, 1933 in Basel when his leukaemia worsened. He was 35 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19115765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115765" title="Roman Valent">
Roman Valent

Roman Valent (born 8 July 1983, in Zürich) is a Swiss professional tennis player. He was an outstanding junior, winning the 2001 Wimbledon Boys' Singles tournament. However, Valent has played just one match on the ATP Tour, in which he lost to Frenchman Marc Gicquel at the 2009 Open de Moselle, but he has played in many Challenger and Futures tournaments (winning 2 of the latter).
Juniors.
As a junior Valent posted a singles record of 81–24 and reached as high as No. 3 in the world in 2001 (and No. 25 in doubles).
Junior Slam results:
Australian Open: QF (2001)
French Open: 1R (2000, 2001)
Wimbledon: W (2001)
US Open: 1R (2000)

</doc>
<doc id="19115776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115776" title="1915–16 Rangers F.C. season">
1915–16 Rangers F.C. season

The 1915–16 season is the 26th season of competitive football by Rangers.
Overview.
Rangers played a total of 38 competitive matches during the 1915–16 season. They finished second in the Scottish League Division One after winning 25 of the 38 league matches and collecting a total of 56 points (11 behind league winners Celtic).
The Scottish Cup was not competed for this season as the Scottish Football Association had withdrawn the tournament due to the outbreak of the First World War.
Results.
All results are written with Rangers' score first.

</doc>
<doc id="19115789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115789" title="Northwest Hospital">
Northwest Hospital

Northwest Hospital may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19115793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115793" title="Anthony Adur">
Anthony Adur

Anthony Bahadur (born February 25, 1988 in Canada) is a Canadian soccer player currently playing as a forward for FC Edmonton.
Career.
Adur played for the Italia Shooters in 2006, but had been released into free agency prior to the 2007 Canadian Soccer League season

</doc>
<doc id="19115796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115796" title="Wells Fargo Building (Englewood, Colorado)">
Wells Fargo Building (Englewood, Colorado)

The Wells Fargo Building is an office/bank building in Englewood, Colorado. It is owned and operated by Situs Properties. Built into the building is a non-operational, digital clock tower.

</doc>
<doc id="19115798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115798" title="St Enda's GAC">
St Enda's GAC

St Enda's G.A.C, Glengormley. is a Gaelic Athletic Association club from Glengormley, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. They cater for gaelic football, hurling and camogie.
History.
Founded in 1956 by local gaels, Tony Colaluca, Christy Mannion, Austin Hinds, Paddy Laverty, Sean Hayes and Brendan and Seamus Boylan amongst others, St Enda's have grown from a small rural club to the biggest GAA club in North Belfast which is the social and cultural epicentre of the local community, often in the face of violent adversity.
In the late 1950s, Henry Campbell who owned land on the Hightown Road offered one of his fields as a pitch to play on. Subsequently the club moved to another of Campbell's fields, which was bought for £5000 in 1972. In the same year the club won its first major trophy when they won the Junior Championship. The teams in the 1970s were back-boned by the many families in the club to mention a few, the McCreas, Devlins, Burns,Hinds's, Farrells, Hamills, Duffys, Lemons and the O'Conners.
Further achievements followed winning Division 4 Hurling; The Junior Hurling Championship, 1990, 1992,2012; Division 3 All County Football, 1975; Division 3 Football again in 1984, Division 2 Football in 1987, 1989, 2002 and the All County 7-a-side tournament in 2001.
St. Endas Seninor hurling team are the current Junior Hurling Champion of Antrim with a landslide victory over Cushendun. 
The club continued to develop despite the many attacks on the club during the troubles, the club premises being destroyed in 1972 and badly damaged in 1983. Mr.Devlin, whose family was involved in the club, was shot and killed at the entrance to the club. A housing development opportunity in the mid-1980s allowed the club after negotiations with a developer to purchase with the help of grant aid the site of the new pitch and clubrooms. The President of the G.A.A., Seosamh Mac Donncha officially opened the new pitch and clubrooms on 4 May 1998.
At underage level St Enda's have progressed, winning divisional medals at all age levels throughout the years. The dedication of all juvenile mentors has continued down the years, the importance of an active juvenile section being the lifeblood of the club. 
Over the past 5 years or so traditional cultural activities have played a large part in the life of the club. A School of Music infuses the gra of traditional music to many youngsters weekly, with vibrant tin whistle, fiddle and bodhran lessons, complementing the beat of the tackle and clash of the ash on the pitch. In 2003, members Ciaran McCavana, Dara Woods and Niall Murphy furthered the aims of a previous committee which sought to promote the Irish language in a practical and beneficial way by joining the Irish language education revolution which is sweeping Belfast and the rest of the north. Naiscoil Eanna, the first Irish language nursery school in Glengormley, opened in September 2004. A Bunscoil was then opened in September 2007

</doc>
<doc id="19115813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115813" title="2001 Harehills riot">
2001 Harehills riot

The Harehills riot took place in the multi-ethnic Leeds district of Harehills (West Yorkshire, England) in 2001. The riot occurred after the wrongful arrest of an Asian man by the West Yorkshire Police which was alleged to have been heavy-handed. More than 100 Asian, White, and Black youth were together involved in the six hour long rioting against the police. The West Yorkshire Police later stated that any attempt to legitimise criminal behaviour by saying it is connected with racial tension or the style of policing is just an excuse for young males committing crime on the streets. It was the first rioting in Leeds since the Hyde Park riots of 1995. The Police Officer involved in the alleged wrongful arrest was questioned, and later cleared of any wrongdoing.
Wrongful arrest allegations.
The wrongful arrest allegations involved Hossein Miah, who was arrested over a suspicious tax disc. Miah alleged that the arresting officer pulled him from his vehicle causing him injury. The Police Complaints Authority cleared the officer of any charges relating to the incident, but expressed regret for "any distress which has been caused to either Mr Miah or his family."
Start of rioting.
Sporadic unrest had already begun in the area when a hoax 999 call was made at 20:25 saying a police officer had been hit by a petrol bomb. The police could not locate this, however the call lured them into Banstead Park, where they were met by a barricade of burning washing machines and furniture, looted from a nearby second hand shop. It was in Banstead Park where most of the confrontation took place, although the disturbances spread onto Roundhay Road, Roseville Road and smaller residential streets towards the south side of Harehills. By the time darkness had fallen the rioting had begun, and continued into the early hours of the following morning.
End of rioting.
After over 200 participants spent over seven hours rioting, the police managed to make enough arrests to quell the size of the crowd to a point where it dispersed and the police could regain control.
Damage.
Over the course of the rioting 25 cars were burnt out, two police officers and two journalists were severely injured, and a shop was set alight. Both police officers and members of the public were pelted with bottles and bricks.
Aftermath.
Many arrests took place following the rioting, local shops were advised only to secure their premises and not to reglaze, as the police feared more rioting would take place, however the riot seemed to be an isolated incident and the violence did not continue beyond 6 June 2001.
Sentencing.
On 7 March 2002, nine months after the riots, 25 men were imprisoned after being found guilty of their involvement in the riot.

</doc>
<doc id="19115820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115820" title="Prussian G 10">
Prussian G 10

The Prussian G 10 was a German goods train, steam locomotive, whose design was based on a combination of the running and valve gear from the Prussian T 16 and the boiler from the Prussian P 8. In developing the G 10, however, the T 16 running gear with side play on the first and fifth axles was modified. The T 16 was also subsequently built with this modified configuration and called the Prussian T 16.1. The G 10 was intended for heavy goods train duties on main lines, but as a result of its low axle load it could be employed more flexibly than its equally powerful cousin, the Prussian G 8.1. The G 10 was occasionally even used in passenger train service.
Between 1910 and 1924 no less than 2,615 Class G 10s were delivered to the Prussian state railways and the Deutsche Reichsbahn, 35 to the Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine (see Alsace-Lorraine G 10) and 27 to the Saar Railway. Another 350 were sent to railway companies in Turkey, Romania, Poland and Lithuania.
The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over almost all the Prussian engines and continued to build the G 10 until 1924. After the First World War, 222 G 10s went to foreign railways. According to the first provisional renumbering plan of 1923,several locomotives were delivered as Class 33s, but from the end of 1923 the newly delivered locos were given their final numbers. The G 10 was allocated numbers 57 1001-2725 and 57 2892-3524. Amongst them was number 57 1124, a G 10 from Alsace-Lorraine. In 1935 the G 10s from the Saar Railways were given numbers 57 2727-2763, of which 57 2737-2763 were the Saar Railway copies built from 1921-1925. In the Second World War more locomotives were taken over from Poland as 57 2764-2772 and 57 2784-2804 and from Luxembourg as 57 2773-2783. After the war a former G 10 from Alsace-Lorraine found itself in the GDR and was classified as 57 3551. It was joined by another G 10 of unknown origin, no. 57 4245.
In 1950, the Deutsche Bundesbahn had about 649 ex-Prussian G 10s in its fleet, the Deutsche Reichsbahn (East Germany) had 112 and the Saar Railways had 81. The Bundesbahn reclassified its G 10s as Class 057 in 1968, but had retired them by 1970, the last one out of service being 057 070-5 on 22 September 1970. The Reichsbahn completed their retirement of G 10s by 1972.
From 1916 the Austrian Empire's military railway ("k.u.k. Heeresbahn") had 20 G 10s which were designated as Class 680 and were specifically intended for duties on the broad gauge Russian Railways. Several of them were given Reichsbahn numbers 57 2766-2768 and 57 2789-2792 during the Second World War.
After the war, some 165 engines of Class 57.10-35 remained on Austrian territory. Of these 96 continued in service as the ÖBB Class 657. The Austrian Federal Railway (ÖBB) retired them all by 1968. Number 657.2770, an engine obtained by the Austrian Society for Railway History ("ÖGEG") from Romania, has been preserved in working order and is used for special services.
The vehicles were equipped with various tenders, including Prussian pr 3 T 16.5, pr 3 T 20, pr 2'2' T 21.5 and pr 2'2' T 31.5 tenders as well as the Bavarian bay 3 T 20. which had been taken over from Bavarian G 4/5 N and G 4/5 H locomotives.

</doc>
<doc id="19115833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115833" title="PBG Basket Poznań">
PBG Basket Poznań

PBG Basket Poznań is a professional basketball club from Poznań, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19115840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115840" title="María Cangá">
María Cangá

María Magda Cangá Valencia (born September 27, 1962) is a female judoka from Ecuador. She competed for her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where she was defeated in the first round, and carried the national flag at the opening ceremony. Cangá won the silver medal in the Women's Half Heavyweight (– 72 kg) division at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba, after having gained bronze four years earlier in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="19115850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115850" title="Vice Regent Stakes">
Vice Regent Stakes

The Vice Regent Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually since 1997 at the end of August at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario.
An Ontario Sire Stakes, it is a restricted race for three-year-olds raced over a distance of one mile (8 furlongs) on Turf and currently carries a purse of $125,000.
The race was named to honor Vice Regent, the important Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame sire. Vice Regent's son Randy Regent, won the inaugural running in 1997 in record time that stood until 2008.
Records.
Speed record: (Through 1998, Woodbine times were recorded in fifths of a second. Since 1999 they are in hundredths of a second)
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="19115852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115852" title="1987 Chapeltown riot">
1987 Chapeltown riot

The Chapeltown riots of 1987, were riots in Chapeltown, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It was not the first time such rioting had occurred. In 1981 the area was subject to widespread rioting, this was also occurring in London, Birmingham and Liverpool at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19115862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115862" title="Letter from an Unknown Woman (1948 film)">
Letter from an Unknown Woman (1948 film)

Letter from an Unknown Woman is a 1948 film directed by Max Ophüls. It was based on the novella of the same name by Stefan Zweig. The film stars Joan Fontaine, Louis Jourdan, Mady Christians and Marcel Journet.
In 1992, "Letter from an Unknown Woman" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Plot summary.
In Vienna in the early twentieth century, Lisa (Joan Fontaine), a teenager living in an apartment complex, becomes fascinated by a new tenant, concert pianist Stefan Brand (Louis Jourdan). Stefan is making a name for himself through energetic performances. Lisa becomes obsessed with Stefan, staying up late to listen to him play, and sneaking into his apartment and admiring him from a distance. Despite her actions, they only meet once and Stefan takes little notice of her.
One day, Lisa's mother (Mady Christians) announces her marriage to a wealthy and respectable gentleman, who lives in Linz, and tells Lisa that they will all move there. Lisa resists her mother's plans and runs away from the railway station and goes back to the apartment, where she is let in by the porter. She knocks on Stefan's door, but no one answers. She decides to wait outside for him to return. Early the next morning, Stefan returns home with a woman. After seeing the two, a distraught Lisa travels to Linz where she joins her mother and new stepfather.
In Linz, she is transformed into a respectable woman and courted by a young military officer from a good family. He eventually proposes to Lisa, but she turns him down, saying that she is in love with someone else living in Vienna and is even engaged to be married with him. Confused and heartbroken, he accepts her situation. When they learn about Lisa's actions, her mother and stepfather demand to know why she didn't accept the proposal. "I told him the truth," replies Lisa. 
Years later, Lisa is estranged from her parents and works in Vienna as a dress model. Every night she waits outside Stefan's window, hoping to be noticed. One night he notices her, and although he does not recognize her, he finds himself strangely drawn to her. They go on a long, romantic date that ends with them making love. Soon after, Stefan leaves for a concert in Milan, promising to contact her soon, but he never does. Lisa eventually gives birth to their child, never trying to contact Stephan, wanting to be the "one woman who never asked you for anything."
Ten years later, Lisa is now married to an older man named Johann (Howard Freeman) who knows about her past love for Stefan, for whom she named their son. One day while at the opera, Lisa sees Stefan, who is no longer a top-billed musician and rarely performs. Feeling uneasy, she leaves during the performance, only to meet Stefan while waiting for her carriage. Stefan does not remember her, but once again is oddly drawn to her. Lisa is still uncomfortable with this, not wanting to anger her husband, and when her carriage arrives, she is met by a clearly vexed Johann.
A few nights later and against her husband's wishes, Lisa travels to Stefan's apartment, where he is delighted to see her. Despite a seemingly illuminating conversation about Stefan's past life and his motivations for giving up music, Stefan still does not recognize who Lisa really is. Distraught and realizing that Stefan never felt any love for her at all, Lisa leaves. On her way out she meets the servant and the two exchange a long glance. Sometime later, after her son dies of typhus, Lisa is taken to a hospital and is gravely ill. She writes a letter to Stefan explaining her life, her son, and her feelings toward him.
After she dies, the letter is sent to Stefan, along with a card announcing Lisa's death. In shock, Stefan thinks back to the three times they met and he failed to recognize her. "Did you remember her?" he asks his servant. The servant nods and writes down her full name, Lisa Berndle, on a piece of paper. Still in shock, Stefan leaves his building and sees the ghostly image of a teenage Lisa open the door for him, the same way she once did when he first noticed her all those years ago. Outside, a carriage waits to take him to his dueling opponent, Lisa's husband, Johann. Finally intending to take responsibility for his actions, Stefan decides to engage in the duel.
Adaptation notes.
The film was adapted from the original Stefan Zweig novella by screenwriter Howard Koch. The film is mostly faithful to the book, though featuring minor divergences. The male protagonist in the book is simply referred to (once) as 'R', and is a novellist rather than a musician. The film renames him Stefan Brand (referencing Zweig, who also loans his name to the protagonist's infant son, also unnamed in the original source material). The "unknown woman" receives no name in the book; in the film she is called Lisa Brendle (a noted quirk of Ophüls, having his female characters names' starting with an L). Fernand, a relative of Lisa's mother and eventual husband, is turned into the completely unrelated "Mr. Kastner", with the family moving to Linz rather than Innsbruck. John, the servant, retains his name, but in the film, he is mute.
The novel's sexual content is quite implicit, but because of censorship, the movie adaptation further dims it. In the book, the "unknown woman" spends three nights with the writer (rather than one) before his departure. She only meets him one more time, many years later, at the opera, at which she promptly loses her present lover in favor of spending a fourth night with the writer. At the conclusion of this, she is humiliated when he mistakes her for a prostitute, and rushes off, never to see him again. The movie adaptation splits these into two separate encounters (first meeting him at the opera, and then rushing off humiliated from his house), and ignores another sexual encounter.
Further divergences include a more prolonged "first encounter" between the two lovers (taking them through stagecoaches, fairs and ball rooms rather than simply cutting to the long-waited sexual encounter), revealing the disease that kills Stefan Jr. and Lisa to be typhus and ignoring Lisa's tradition of sending Brand white roses every birthday. At the start of the novel, Brand has just turned 41 (and forgotten about his birthday). This is significant because the absence of white roses confirms Lisa's death at the time of reading.
The most noted divergence is a structural change: there is no duel in the original story, nor is there a character such as Johann. The "unknown woman" from the book never marries, but lives off a series of lovers who remain unnamed and mostly unintrusive. Because of this, the protagonist's actions offend no one in particular. In the film, Brand is challenged to a duel, which he initially plans to ditch. The finale reveals the contestant to be Johann, who demands satisfaction over Lisa's affair. Having read Lisa's letter, Brand boldly accepts the duel and walks into it, his fate uncertain. This redeeming action has no literary equivalent. In fact, Brand's literary equivalent can only faintly recall Lisa after reading the letter, and there's no significant event past this.

</doc>
<doc id="19115866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115866" title="Canadian Family Physician">
Canadian Family Physician

Canadian Family Physician (French: "Médecin de famille canadien") is a monthly peer-reviewed open-access medical journal and the official journal of The College of Family Physicians Canada. It publishes articles in English and French related to the practice of family medicine. Many articles and all research abstracts are published in both languages.
Abstracting and indexing.
"Canadian Family Physician" is indexed in PubMed Central, MEDLINE, EMBASE/Excerpta Medica, CINAHL, Current Contents/Clinical Medicine, and Science Citation Index Expanded. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", its 2011 impact factor is 1.403.

</doc>
<doc id="19115869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115869" title="Joseph-Octave Samson">
Joseph-Octave Samson

Joseph-Octave Samson (9 January 1862 – 10 December 1945) was a Canadian politician, serving as Mayor of Quebec City from March 1920 to March 1926.
After working with business interests, including his joint founding of the Samson & Filion Hardware company in 1887, Samson became a Quebec City councillor at the Saint-Pierre ward from 1904 to 1906 and again from 1908 to 1910. Samson was elected mayor of Quebec City on 16 February 1920. During his term as mayor, provincial premier Louis-Alexandre Taschereau accused Samson of faulty city administration.
After leaving his post as mayor, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec as a Liberal member for the Québec-Centre riding in 1927. He was re-elected to a second term in 1931 but defeated in the 1935 election. His son, Wilfrid Samson, also became a municipal and provincial politician.

</doc>
<doc id="19115880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115880" title="Gretsch Jupiter Thunderbird">
Gretsch Jupiter Thunderbird

The Gretsch G6199 "Billy-Bo" Jupiter Thunderbird is a reproduction of a guitar designed by Bo Diddley (1928–2008) in 1959 and produced by a former Gretsch employee.
Diddley built his first guitar in 1945, it was trapezoid shaped since Diddley felt that the regular shaped Gibson L5 he was playing were hindering his live performances. The smaller trapezoid and rectangular guitars allowed him to keep jumping around on stage while still playing his guitar. Diddley went on to play a number of rectangular guitars built by himself and others, which soon became one of his trademarks throughout his career.
In 1959 Bo approached a former Gretsch employee known only as "Juliano" to build him some guitars from his own designs using Gretsch necks and hardware. The resulting three guitars (Jupiter Thunderbird, Cadillac and Cigar Box), two of which were named after popular automobiles became synonymous with Diddley and his '60s stage partner "The Duchess" Norma-Jean Wofford.
The Jupiter was later donated as a gift to ZZ Top frontman Billy Gibbons who used it on some ZZ Top recordings. Since Gibbons did not want to risk subjecting the rare guitar to touring and live performances, Gibbons approached Gretsch with the idea of reproducing the Jupiter Thunderbird. The end result was the G6199 "Billy-Bo" Jupiter Thunderbird which Gretsch launched in 2005.
"Some time ago, Bo gave me the guitar as a gift. It was during the recent ZZ Top recordings when the engineering crew and I snaked through the guitar vault searching for that 'certain-something' guitar and there it was! We didn't risk subjecting such a rare instrument to the rigors of the road so this new, reproduction model was recreated with some BFG Mojo thrown in for good measure. It's now the main stage guitar with a groove." 
-Billy F Gibbons 
Later Gretsch also launched the G6199B "Billy-Bo" Jupiter Thunderbird Bass which is a four string bass identical to the guitar, the G5810 Bo Diddley inspired by Diddley's rectangular guitars and the G5850 Mini Diddley a miniature version of the rectangular guitar.
Notable players include Jack White who can be seen playing a customised Jupiter Thunderbird in the music video for the single "Another Way to Die", it is also his main guitar with The Dead Weather.

</doc>
<doc id="19115888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115888" title="Thorn Island">
Thorn Island

Thorn Island is in the Community of Angle off the south west coast of Wales. The island is dominated by a fort that was built to defend Milford Haven from the French Navy. The Angle lifeboat received silver medals in 1878 rescuing the crew of the Loch Shiel on rocks near the island which carried cases of whisky.
History.
The island had the fort constructed in 1854. The fort was created as it guarded a place of naval importance. A Royal Commission recommended to Lord Palmerston that 70 forts should be strengthened or constructed to counter the potential threat of the French Navy. Eventually twelve forts were constructed around the entrance to Pembroke Dock and Milford Haven including Fort Hubberstone, Popton Fort and Stack Rock Fort. Even without the fort, the island and the rocks around it were a hazard to any shipping.
Divers recognise over twelve wrecks that are worth diving in the area of the island but of interest is the sailing ship that sank in 1878. In that year, 27 (some say 33) people who were rescued from the 1878 built sailing ship "Loch Shiel" which had run into rocks off the island. Two Angle lifeboat crew members and the honorary secretary received silver RNLI medals. It was said that the lifeboat was unable to reach them but these brave people managed to do it.
The rescue is particularly noteworthy as it is described as Wales' "Whisky Galore". The "Loch Shiel" was carrying goods from Scotland to Adelaide and included gunpowder, beer and 60 (some say 7,000) cases of Glasgow whisky. Much of this was never recovered. Some of the bottles are still amongst the wreck which are described as "undrinkable", but many and much of the cargo was only partially recovered by the customs men. It was said that one local drank himself to death on the 100% proof whiskey (Correction needed please. Whiskey can not be %proof. It is either % by volume or degrees proof.).
The fort was converted into a hotel in 1947 and was sold in 1999 for £275,000. In 2001 it was owned by the Von Essen hotel group who intended spending four million pounds to reopen the hotel with a five star rating and a cable car to allow access from the mainland. In 2001 a competition was successfully held to find a family who would serve as caretakers for a year. In 2011 the island is up for sale again with a price tag now of £750,000. The island was finally sold in November 2011 for 'significantly less' than the guide price 
Divers still investigate the wrecks off the island and they have auctioned full beer bottles that came from the "Loch Shiel". The beer is reported to be untainted by salt water, flat, but drinkable. Each bottle has sold for £1,000 at auction.

</doc>
<doc id="19115889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115889" title="Barbara Warren">
Barbara Warren

Barbara Warren (April 9, 1943August 26, 2008) was an Austrian-American counselor, model, actress, author, and triathlete.
Life and career.
Born Barbara Mueller in St. Johann in Tirol, Austria to Hans and Ingrid Mueller, she and her identical twin sister, Angelika Drake, left their farmhouse at 14 for high school in Innsbruck and then, at age 17, went on to study art history at the Accademia di Belle Arti Firenze in Florence, Italy. They took occasional modeling work before moving to Mexico City in 1965, where they began modeling full-time, eventually opening a school, agency and design boutique. Barbara began performing under the stage name Barbara Angely, abruptly ending that career out of dissatisfaction with a jet-set lifestyle. Barbara eventually married importer Armando Alvarez, which led to a four-year separation from her sister.
Her family moved to Brownsville, Texas in 1980. In 1983, Barbara began running recreationally. By 1985, Angelika and her family had moved to San Diego, California. Barbara, with her family, followed her sister, relocating to San Diego later that same year.
Calling themselves "The Twin Team," the sisters began participating in a number of endurance sports, including their first standard triathlon in 1987 and their first Ironman Triathlon in 1988. All told, Barbara completed 13 Ford Ironman Triathlon World Championship in Hawaii, winning her age group in the 2003 Ironman Kona. Warren and her sister were profiled in "Reckless: The Outrageous Lives of Nine Kick-Ass Women."
In the early 1990s, she met triathlete Tom Warren, who won the second Ironman competition in 1979, and the two married in 1995.
In addition to her at-home counseling practice in Pacific Beach, a suburb of San Diego, Warren self-published three motivational books, "Unleash the Power to Complete Your Goals," "Become Exceptional," and "Do What You Don't Want to Do".
Death.
On Saturday, August 23, 2008, Warren broke her odontoid process and the cervical vertebra 2 and was diagnosed as paralyzed from a bicycle crash that happened on a descent during the Santa Barbara, California, triathlon. She was put on life support at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital. According to what her family told the San Diego Union-Tribune, she communicated through blinking that she wanted her ventilator turned off, and, at the request of the family, a doctor removed her ventilator on August 26.
The Santa Barbara Triathlon's Barbara Warren Community Spirit Award is named in her honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19115891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115891" title="Insight – ICT for the differently abled">
Insight – ICT for the differently abled

Insight is a project jointly initiated by the Kerala State Information Technology Mission and SPACE (Society for Promotion of Alternative Computing and Employment) to bring the benefits of Information and Communication Technology to people with disabilities. Insight commenced its activities in May 2007 with the setting up of a resource centre for the visually challenged in Vellayambalam, Thiruvananthapuram. It caters to the ICT needs of the visually challenged by providing ICT training and developing assistive technology for them. It also imparts computer training and develops devices to aid autistic children.
Profile.
Insight is aimed at empowering the differently abled by expanding their job competencies and resourcefulness through ICT. The primary concern of Insight is to aid people with special needs access technology. The organization aspires to play a productive role in helping the differently abled secure a job and lead an independent life. 
Currently, Insight imparts ICT training to people who have Visual impairments, ranging from Blindness, Low vision etc. The training programme is designed in such a way as to help them comprehend the various distinctions of ICT. It resorts to cutting-edge technology and software, that are specially designed for the visually challenged, for the training programme. The training at Insight will help them familiarize with IT-enabled services and applications that will enhance their career skills.
The training programme makes use of Orca (an assistive technology for the visually challenged), Ubuntu and other GNU/Linux based operating systems. Training will also be given in other free and open source technologies. On successful completion of the two-month programme, students are awarded a certificate by the IGNOU. Insight imparts training to autistic children using GCompris, a package of free educational software for children.
Mission.
Insight was founded as an attempt to embolden the differently abled through ICT. Through its three years of operation, Insight has been able to alter the conventional notions of a common man about the capacities of a visually challenged person.
The IT policy of the state government had envisaged the penetration of ICT to all sections of the society. And Insight is a shining example to prove that the government is well on track in implementing what it envisioned.
Insight is entering the fourth year of its activities and in the coming days, Insight will continue to extend its services to the differently abled community for ensuring that they are not left behind in a race, that is increasingly being governed by technology.
Publication.
Insight releases a bimonthly audio magazine “Swaram”, which is probably the first of its kind in India. Swaram is the hallmark project of Insight in the field of production of audio content. Recording of study materials and books are also done here upon request.

</doc>
<doc id="19115924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115924" title="Ko Lipe">
Ko Lipe

Koh Lipe () is a small island in the Adang-Rawi Archipelago of the Andaman Sea, in the Satun Province of southwest Thailand, close to Malaysian border. The Thai name is transliterated in many different ways into English. The most common names are Koh Lipe, Koh Lipeh, Ko Lipey and Ko Lipe. Koh Lipe is on the border of the Tarutao National Marine Park and is directly south of the larger islands Ko Adang and Ko Rawi and about 50 km from the island of Ko Tarutao. It was originally settled by a group of sea gypsies ("Chao Leh" in Thai), originally from Malaysia, known as the Urak Lawoi people.
Access.
In high season (November to May) there are several locations from which you can take a ferry or speedboat to Koh Lipe, including: Pak Bara, Langkawi, Phi Phi, Ko Lanta, and Trang. In low season (May to October) the only way to get to Koh Lipe is by speedboat from Pak Bara at around 11:30hrs.
From Langkawi, Malaysia there are two speedboats per day (from November until May): one at 9:45 am costing 128 Malaysian Ringit and one at 2:30 pm, costing 118 Malaysian Ringit; alternatively. These boats dock at the south end of Pattaya Beach. Other ferries are met by longtail boats offering transfers to anywhere on Koh Lipe for an additional 50 baht/person.
Tourism.
Koh Lipe has three main beaches: "Sunset Beach", "Sunrise Beach" and "Pattaya Beach". Accommodation from grass huts to air-conditioned bungalows can be found on these beaches. It is possible to walk around the entire island in little over an hour.
There are many sites for scuba diving and snorkeling around Koh Lipe and its neighbouring islands. On Koh Lipe there are many dive shops and resorts that rent out snorkel gear or arrange boat trips. The calm, clear water makes Koh Lipe ideal for snorkeling, with 25% of the world's tropical fish species found in the area. There are large varieties of fish around the coral just a few meters deep straight off all of the beaches.
Environmental concerns.
Koh Lipe is outside of the Tarutao National Park jurisdiction, and as such is exempt from the laws and legislation that protects the rest of the national park. The island is rapidly growing to meet the demands of increase in tourism, and is facing quite a few issues with rubbish and animal conservation. There are projects currently in place to keep Koh Lipe clean.

</doc>
<doc id="19115936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115936" title="Route 4 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 4 (MTA Maryland)

Route 4 is a bus route in the suburbs of Baltimore. The line currently runs from the Essex campus of the Community College of Baltimore County to Turner's Station in Dundalk. The current route serves the Rosedale, Middle River, and Essex areas and the CCBC Essex and Dundalk campuses.
History.
Route 4 started operating on November 15, 1971 between Eastpoint Mall and Dundalk, with southbound trips operating along North Point Road and Wise Avenue, and northbound trips operating along Merritt Boulevard. Another route identified as Route 4A operated briefly between Eastpoint and Logan Village between 1977 and 1978, but it was quickly eliminated.
Predecessors.
Service along North Point Road prior to the existence of route 4 had previously been provided by the Baltimore Transit Company's Route H from 1925 to 1948 and Route 55 (no relationship to current Route 55 that runs from Towson to Fox Ridge) from 1948 to 1952, then by Dundalk Bus Lines.
Service to Ft. Howard Veterans Hospital was added in 1973 after Route 4 absorbed Route 9, which had operated between 1971 and 1973. Ft. Howard had previously been served by streetcars. The no. 26 streetcar line had provided service to Ft. Howard. Service was replaced in 1952 by Dundalk Bus Lines.
The no. 4 designation was used in the past for a line that operated in West Baltimore as a streetcar from 1894 to 1935 and as a bus line from 1935 to 1954. The service was then absorbed into Route 15, which still operates along that route to this day.
Elimination of Ft. Howard service.
In 1993, Route 4 service to Ft. Howard, which had been cut in half less than a year earlier, was eliminated completely, and service the remaining parts of the line was reduced to one bus every 70 minutes. The proposal to eliminate service to Ft. Howard drew protests that were filmed by local news stations. A private contractor was chartered to provide this service following elimination. In 1997, MTA once again started to run a bus to Ft. Howard. A new Route 6 that ran from Eastpoint Mall to Ft. Howard, mostly via North Point Road, was briefly added in 1997, but was discontinued a year later.
Extension to White Marsh.
In 2000, MTA extended Route 4 from Eastpoint Mall to White Marsh Mall through Essex and Rosedale, and south from the Dundalk loop to Turner's Station, and the route was slightly modified to serve the CCBC Dundalk campus. For the first time, single-seat bus service became available between the two CCBC east-side campuses.
This service initially operated through Essex along Mace Avenue, a street where buses were previously opposed by the community. As a result of community opposition, Route 4 was soon shifted to Rossville Boulevard, the same route as Route 55.
In addition to these extensions, the frequency of service was improved. Rush hour service operated every 40 minutes, and off-peak service hourly. Selected trips also served the Yellow Brick Road industrial Park in Golden Ring.
Service along the original part of the route remain unchanged. Northbound trips continued to follow the Merritt Boulevard corridor, while southbound trips used North Point Road and Wise Avenue, requiring riders to change buses on the same line to return to the area they originally left.
Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative changes.
In 2005, as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, Route 4 underwent a major overhaul. This included:
Middle River modification.
In February 2009, Route 4 was modified in the Middle River area to serve the corridor of Martin Boulevard that was previously served by the truncated Route 24. Route 24 was later extended in a different direction to Moravia.

</doc>
<doc id="19115940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115940" title="Regal Classic">
Regal Classic

Regal Classic (foaled 1985 in Ontario) is a Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred by Sam-Son Farm, he was by the highly successful sire, Vice Regent and out of Sam-Son Farm's foundation mare, No Class. He was raced in partnership with Vice Regent's owner, Windfields Farm.
Champion Two-Year-Old season.
Regal Classic was trained by Olympic Games equestrian Gold Medalist and Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Jim Day. Racing at age two, he dominated his opponents, winning every major stakes race for his age group. Sent to California for the 1987 Breeders' Cup Juvenile at Hollywood Park Racetrack, Regal Classic was in 11th place after a quarter mile then moved up to seventh at the half before getting boxed in on the far turn. But, under jockey Dave Penna the colt made it through on the inside rail and came on with a strong stretch drive to pass race favorite Tejano and finish second to winner, Success Express. His performances in 1987 earned Regal Classic the Sovereign Award as Canadian Champion 2-Yr-Old-Colt.
At Three.
Regal Classic's arch rival was another Sam-Son Farm colt sired by Vice Regent named Regal Intention. Regal Classic had defeated him at age two in winning the important Coronation Futurity Stakes and in 1988, the three-year-old Regal Classic beat him again in the Prince of Wales Stakes and the Marine Stakes.
Sent south to compete in the United States Triple Crown series, Regal Classic ran third in the Blue Grass Stakes prep, fifth in the Kentucky Derby, and sixth in the Preakness Stakes. He returned to Canada for the Canadian Triple Crown and he won the Plate Trial Stakes prep but finished second to Regal Intention in Canada's most prestigious race, the Queen's Plate. The two reversed positions in the Prince of Wales Stakes with Regal Classic earning the win. In the fall of 1988, Regal Classic finished second to Ballindaggin in the Molson Export Challenge Stakes.
Regal Classic returned to racing at age four in 1989. His best results were a win of the Eclipse Handicap at Woodbine in Toronto and a second in the Ben Ali Handicap at Keeneland Race Course in Kentucky. 
Retired to stud duty, Regal Classic sired stakes winners Inish Glora, One Way Love, Classic Stamp, and Canadian Classic winners Regal Discovery and Stephanotis, as well as the Australian millionaire runner, Regal Roller. After standing at McMahon of Saratoga Thoroughbreds, LLC in Saratoga Springs, New York for several years, Regal Classic was pensioned after the 2007 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19115954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115954" title="Nilmaris Santini">
Nilmaris Santini

Nilmaris ("Nilmari") Santini Martin (born May 25, 1959) is a female judoka from Puerto Rico. She competed for her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where she was defeated in the second round of the repêchage. 
Santini won two silver medals at the 1991 Pan American Games, in the Women's Heavyweight (+ 72 kg) and in the Women's Open Class division, after having claimed the gold medal four years earlier in Indianapolis, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19115958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115958" title="Canthumeryx">
Canthumeryx

Canthumeryx is an extinct genus of giraffe-like artiodactyl in the Climacoceratidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="19115960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115960" title="Slugs (novel)">
Slugs (novel)

Slugs is a 1982 horror novel written by Shaun Hutson. In 1988 it was adapted as an American horror film of the same name. In this book, carnivorous slugs go on a rampage.

</doc>
<doc id="19115962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115962" title="St. Andrew's Church, Nottingham">
St. Andrew's Church, Nottingham

St. Andrew's Church Nottingham is a parish church in the Church of England.
Background.
The church was built as a daughter church to St. Ann's Church, Nottingham between 1869 and 1871 by William Knight, and extended by S. R. Stevenson in 1884.
Incumbents.
03/1992 - 6/2013 Rev Richard Clark
Congregation.
The congregation comprises many nationalities and ages.
Stained glass.
The stained glass windows are by Heaton, Butler and Bayne.
Organ.
The organ contains historic pipework from 1777 by John Snetzler taken from the organ formerly installed in St. Mary's Church, Nottingham. It was installed in St. Andrew's Church in 1871 by Lloyd and Dudgeon. In 1876 the organ was re-built by Bishop and Starr, and a further re-build took place in 1898 by Conacher and Co. Other work was carried out by Charles Lloyd in 1914 and 1922. In 1926, Roger Yates added a Tuba. The last re-build was in 1934 by Hill, Norman and Beard. 

</doc>
<doc id="19115974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115974" title="Straw borrower">
Straw borrower

A straw borrower is a United States term for an individual whose name, social security number, and credit history are used to hide the identity of the organizers of a for-profit mortgage fraud scheme.
Straw buyers are also used in order to obtain a residential mortgage for a person who would not qualify for the loan, frequently a family member or friend. In for profit schemes, the straw buyer is usually compensated by the organizer for the use of his financial identity. While the straw borrower may have been lured into the transaction with the promise that he would not be liable for the mortgage payments, the straw is legally bound once the mortgage is obtained and will be responsible for making the payments. If the mortgage goes into default or is foreclosed, it will be reported under the straw borrower's name and his credit will be ruined. Misrepresentation of identity on a federally related mortgage transaction is a criminal offense punishable by up to 30 years imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="19115982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115982" title="The Secret Life of Girls">
The Secret Life of Girls

The Secret Life of Girls is a 1999 film starring Majandra Delfino, Linda Hamilton, Eugene Levy and Meagan Good. The film was written and directed by Holly Goldberg Sloan.

</doc>
<doc id="19115990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115990" title="Greg Taylor (footballer)">
Greg Taylor (footballer)

Gregory 'Greg' Vaughan Taylor (born 15 January 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Cambridge United. He is able to play in any defensive position, but has primarily played as a left back.
Club career.
Taylor made his debut for Northampton Town, coming on as a substitute in the 90th minute, away to Premier League team Bolton Wanderers, in the 2–1 win in the League Cup on 26 August 2008. That was his only first-team appearance before Mark Cooper signed him for Conference Premier club Kettering Town before the 2009–10 season. In January 2011 he rejoined Cooper at fellow Conference club Darlington, where he signed an 18-month contract.
In November 2011, Taylor signed on loan at fellow Conference side Luton Town until January 2012, with the deal then becoming permanent. On signing for Luton Town manager Gary Brabin said of Taylor "he's a young lad who is ready for us now. He's got a real energy and that ability to get up and down the pitch." He played in 18 games for Luton during the 2011–12 season, scoring once in a 5–0 victory over his former club Kettering Town.
The following season saw Taylor dropped from the team after a mistake in a 3–0 defeat to Alfreton Town in early September. He was sent on loan to Conference club Tamworth on 27 September 2012, where he played 10 games over the course of two months. He was involved in Luton's FA Cup campaign to the Fifth Round in early 2013, playing at left-back in 1–0 wins over Wolverhampton Wanderers and Premier League side Norwich City, and also in the 3–0 defeat to Millwall that brought the run to an end. Taylor was publicly criticised by Luton manager Paul Buckle following an early error that led to a goal in a 1–0 defeat to Barrow on 2 February 2013. Buckle described Taylor's contribution as "dreadful" and he was dropped for the next game. Buckle left the club two weeks later to be replaced by John Still, who reinstated Taylor back to the first-team. However, following his giving away of a penalty in a 2–1 home defeat to Hyde, Taylor was dropped once again and then sent on loan to promotion-chasing Conference club Mansfield Town on 28 March 2013. Taylor played in Mansfield's final eight games of the season as they won six of them to achieve promotion to The Football League. He was not offered a new contract at Luton and was released by the club at the end of the season.
On 20 June 2013, Taylor signed a two-year contract with Cambridge United. This tied him to the Abbey Stadium outfit until the end of the 2014–15 season.
International career.
In September 2010, Taylor made his debut for England C against the Wales under-23 selection.

</doc>
<doc id="19115991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115991" title="Route 50 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 50 (MTA Maryland)

Route 50 is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in Baltimore. The line, which serves the Belair-Edison area, is the oldest shuttle-like bus route in Baltimore, dating back to the 1940s. It operates in a similar circular fashion from its lone layover point, the intersection of Erdman Avenue and Belair Road. Its routing serves the communities of Mannasota and Mayfield and Herring Run Park. It was first known as Route U from 1940 to 1948. It became counterclockwise only in 1992 in order to save costs and simplify service, then operating consistently every 20 minutes during all its hours. Service on a few one-way streets along the route were discontinued as a result.
In 1997, service was shifted to Bowley's Lane in order to provide a connection to Route 33. In 2004, weekend service was modified to serve the Parkside and Erdman shopping centers. These trips are identified in the schedule as the "red route". As a result, intervals on weekends were reduced to one bus every 40 minutes. On April 2, 2007, Route 50 started to provide service on selected trips to the Claremont Senior Home. In early 2010, schedule change "reloaded" the route. These new changes meant service will be provided to the area shopping centers 7 days a week. The branch to the Claremont Senior Home was ended, since the building was razed for the Orchard Ridge development. The line was also extended to serve the apartments on Moravia Park Drive. The layover was moved from Mayfield Avenue just east of Belair Road to Erdman Avenue just west of Mannasota Av.

</doc>
<doc id="19115994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19115994" title="Show's Just Begun">
Show's Just Begun

"Show's Just Begun" is MC Mong's fourth album, which was released 17 months after his third album, "The Way I Am", on April 17, 2008. MC Mong took part in composing, writing, arranging, and producing all tracks on this album. The first title track off this album was "Circus", followed by "Feel Crazy". As the title of his fourth album suggests, the concept for this album revolves around a circus theme.
Featurings.
Like his previous albums, this album features a variety of artists including female artists such as Korean American R&B singer Lena Park, MayBee, and R&B group Big Mama.
It also features rapper $howgun (a.k.a. Park Jang Geun), comedian Noh Hong-cheol, rapper and MC Defconn, comedian and good-friend Haha, and many others.
Music video.
Three music videos were released for this album. The first being "서커스Circus", then "죽도록사랑해 (Love You Even When I Die)" and "미치겠어 (Feel Crazy)".
"서커스" ("Circus").
The music video for "서커스" ("Circus") features rapper Park Jang Geun and two young boys who performed with MC Mong during most of his performances for "서커스" ("Circus").
In the beginning of the music video, Noh Hong-cheol makes a cameo appearance as a master of ceremonies (MC) and introduces MC Mong. Behind the curtains, MC Mong is nervously waiting in a waiting room for a circus show. Next, rappers Inati, Dayday and Dari of Dalmatian (pre-debut) come out of a silver car and enter into the waiting room with a surprise. MC Mong gets up from the chair and allows them to sit while he stands. Next, MC Mong leaves the waiting room where he starts singing on stage for his first broadcast. In the waiting room, Dalmatian's rapping line starts pointing and laughing at MC Mong. After that, MC Mong is seen with a bouquet of flowers with many paparazzi taking pictures of him for winning the popularity award. After becoming popular, the next scene shows MC Mong and a girl being caught in a car by the paparazzi. He then holds a press conference to explain the situation. Next, he becomes famous and re-enters the same waiting room in the beginning of the scene where he "shoos" off the three members of Dalmatian and sits in their place. Noh Hong-cheol re-appears at the end saying "Did it bring you tears". As the camera zooms out, MC Mong stares into the TV that Noh Hong-cheol was in with a straight face. Lastly, he turns off the television set, which ends with his stage name and the name of the track ("Circus") in bright, lively colors.
"죽도록사랑해" ("Love You Even When I Die").
At the beginning of the video, it features South Korean citizens saying "I Love You" to their loved ones. For the rest of the music video, it is a compilation of clips of MC Mong's concerts, clips of him and Lena Park in the recording studio producing the song "죽도록사랑해" ("Love You Even When I Die") with fellow friends and producers, and behind the scenes of his fourth album jacket with a message at the end of the music video thanking the fans and wishing them the best.
"미치겠어" ("Feel Crazy").
The music video for "미치겠어" ("Feel Crazy") features MC Mong's manager, Lee Heon-suk, male duo M.A.C and also rapper Park Jang Geun and actress Park Ye-jin.
The music video starts off with MC Mong getting out of a black convertible presenting Park Ye-jin a bouqet of flowers which she tosses in the air and then leaves. He then returns to his car touching a panel screen where scenes of him dancing and other scenes take place. In the end, Park Ye Jin falls for MC Mong. In the last couple seconds of the music video, the video was unedited where you could see rapper Park Jang Geun leaving the set while MC Mong lays down in the black background setting after dancing tiredly.
Response and chart recognition.
Within a matter of weeks, mobile service providers such as KTF, SK Telecom, and LG Telecom said that there were about 30,000 downloads a day for MC Mong's songs from his fourth album, receiving almost 300,000 downloads within the first week. Among the downloads, not only "Circus" was doing well, but also other tracks like "Love You Even When I Die", "Cloud Nine", and "Beautiful Life" were popular downloads.
With the success of "Circus", the album was very successful and won him 5 weekly awards from KBS' "Music Bank" between April and May 2008. MC Mong also won the Digital Bonsang Award at the 23rd Golden Disk Awards for this album.

</doc>
<doc id="19116000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116000" title="Amphicarpaea bracteata">
Amphicarpaea bracteata

Amphicarpaea bracteata (hog-peanut) is an annual to perennial vine in the legume family, native to woodland, thickets, and moist slopes in eastern North America.
Description.
Leaves have three leaflets and are held alternately on twining stems.
Flowers are pink to white and bloom from late summer to autumn. The flowers are either open for cross-pollination or closed and self-pollinating. The closed flowers may be above or below ground.
Seeds from open flowers are held in a flat pod, pointed at both ends, that dries when mature and twists to release the seeds. Seeds from closed flowers are held in round pods with a single seed each. The roots and seeds are edible. The seeds from underground flowers give it the name peanut.

</doc>
<doc id="19116001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116001" title="Edwurd Fudwupper Fibbed Big">
Edwurd Fudwupper Fibbed Big

Edwurd Fudwupper Fibbed Big is a 2000 film starring Emily Osment. The film also stars Justin Brinsfield, John Cleese, Catherine O'Hara, and Haley Joel Osment. It is based on the book by Berkeley Breathed.

</doc>
<doc id="19116022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116022" title="Santa Cruz, Rio de Janeiro">
Santa Cruz, Rio de Janeiro

Santa Cruz ("Saint Cross") is an extensive and populous neighborhood of the middle class, lower middle and low in the West Zone of the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the farther from the central city. Cut by the Santa Cruz extension of the urban passenger rail network of the metropolitan region of Rio de Janeiro, has a very diverse landscape, with commercial areas, residential and industrial.
It is the seat of the nineteenth Administrative Region (AR), comprising also the surrounding neighborhood of Paciência. The nineteenth-AR, in turn, belongs to the Planning Area 5 of the municipality of Rio de Janeiro and is subject to Subprefeitura da Zona Oeste.
Since the installation of Itaguaí Port, is a rapidly developing city. It is 445 years old, it being important preserved monuments. But it is a place of contrasts. It is one of the most populated districts, and at the same time, due to its vast land area, one of the least densely populated, has an industrial district, but in your landscape still rules many unexplored areas.
Its HDI in 2000 was 0.742, the 119 placed the city of Rio de Janeiro, among 126 areas analyzed.
Etymology.
As stated in the rare work entitled History of the Imperial farm of Santa Cruz published by Brazilian Historical and Geographical Institute, authored by Jose de Saldanha da Gama, who was one of the overseers of the farm in 1860, the Jesuits placed a large wooden cross, painted in black, seated on a stone base supported by a granite pillar. This cruise gave his name to Santa Cruz on December 30 of 1567.
Later, during the Empire, the cross was replaced by another of smaller dimensions and there is now a cross in the same place, but this is a replica built by the Brazilian Army .
History.
Background.
Before the arrival of Europeans in America, the region known today as Santa Cruz was populated by people of the village's language family, Tupi–Guarani, who called the place of Spawning (fish too).
After the discovery of Brazil, with the arrival of Portuguese colonists to the Guanabara Bay, a vast area of lowlands of Santa Cruz and the surrounding mountains, was donated to Cristóvão Monteiro, the Captaincy of São Vicente by Martim Afonso de Sousa in January 1567, as a reward for services rendered during the military expedition that finally drove the French out of Guanabara. So he built shortly after a sugar mill and a chapel in a location known as "Curral Falso", beginning the settlement of land by the Portuguese.
Companhia de Jesus.
With the death of the owner of the land, his wife, Mrs. Marquesa Ferreira, donated to the priests of the Companhia de Jesus a part of the lands of Cristóvão played it.
These religious, by gathering these lands to other land grants, were an immense plantation marked by a large wooden cross: the Holy Cross. In a few decades, the region between Barra de Guaratiba, the current city of Mangaratiba, to Vassouras, in the south of the current state of Rio de Janeiro, was part of the powerful Finance from Santa Cruz, the most developed of the Captaincy of Rio de Janeiro this time with thousands of slaves, livestock, and various types of crops, managed with advanced techniques for the season.
Among the buildings today with historic value include churches and a convent, both richly decorated. One of these surviving works is called the Guandu Bridge or Bridge of the Jesuits. In fact a bridge-dam, which was erected in 1752, in order to adjust the volume of flood waters from the Guandu River. Currently, this monument remains with its original structure almost unchanged, with a heritage, artistic and architectural tumbled by IPHAN.
Another initiative of the leaders of Santa Cruz Farm, in terms of culture, was the foundation of a music school, an orchestra and choir, built by slaves, who played and sang at mass and in festivities, either on the farm or in the capital of the Captaincy. It is, therefore, that Santa Cruz was the birthplace of the organization's first instrumental and choral music conservatory in Brazil.
Passes through the farm lands of Santa Cruz in the trail that linked the colonial city of Sao Sebastiao do Rio de Janeiro to the interior: the Way of the Jesuits, later called The Way of Mines, and later still, the Royal Road to Santa Cruz. His route lay to the port of Sepetiba, where he embarked to the city of Paraty, where the former was leaving the Royal Road.
Before the expulsion of the Jesuits of the areas of Portugal and its colonies in 1759 by action of the Marquês de Pombal, the assets of the Companhia de Jesus (Finance and Santa Cruz) reverted to the Crown.
The Royal Family.
With the banishment of the Jesuits in Brazil, the assets of Farm Santa Cruz went on to make the Viceroys. After a period of administrative difficulties, under the government of Viceroy Luís de Vasconcelos e Sousa, the farm again experienced a period of prosperity.
At the beginning of the 19th century with the arrival of the Royal Family in Brazil (1808) and its establishment in Rio de Janeiro, the farm was chosen as a vacation spot. Thus, the former convent has been adapted to the functions of space real - Royal Palace of Santa Cruz.
Feeling comfortable in the Royal Treasury of Santa Cruz, the Prince Regent prolonged his stay for several months, shipping, promoting public hearings and approvals from the same. It grew up and were educated princes Don Pedro and Dom Miguel.
On the initiative of the Portuguese sovereign were brought from China about a hundred men in charge of cultivating tea, the site now known as "Morro do Chá". For almost a century this activity has been productive and attracted the interest of technical and visitors, as the pioneer its implementation in Brazil. The tea harvested in Santa Cruz was excellent and, therefore, its production was fully sold.
On July 15 of 1818 was founded the village of São Francisco Xavier de Itaguaí, which Santa Cruz becomes an end. João VI said goodbye to Santa Cruz in 1820, to return to the metropolis.
The First Empire.
After the return of João VI of Portugal, the Prince Regent, Dom Pedro, continued constantly present in Santa Cruz, passing his honeymoon with the Empress Leopoldina (1818) on this farm, transforming the Royal Palace in the Imperial Palace.
In the context of the Independence of Brazil, before starting the historic voyage of Independence, the Prince Regent stopped in Santa Cruz, where there was a meeting on August 15 of 1822, with the presence of José Bonifácio, to establish their bases. Upon his return, before heading to the city, celebrated the independence of Brazil on the farm.
The Second Empire.
Dom Pedro I, abdicated the throne, but his sons continued to maintain a constant presence in the Imperial Treasury of Santa Cruz. Early on, Dom Pedro II and promoted the princesses crowded balls and soirees at the Imperial Palace.
It should also be noted that throughout the period between 1808 and 1889, Santa Cruz was one of the city of Rio with its landscapes portrayed by foreign travelers as the French Jean-Baptiste Debret, the Austrian Thomas Ender, the English Mary Graham and others. The picture that serves as the illustration for this text is an example, being written by the Belgian painter Benjamin Mary, who was the first ambassador of Belgium in Brazil, painted in November 1837. The figure is documentary evidence that the viewpoint of Santa Cruz was a visiting place for the emperors, in which you can see beyond the old Imperial Palace, Dom Pedro II with only 14 years old enjoying the view from the farm.
In the year 1833 the parsonage National Treasury of Santa Cruz has been shut down by decree the end of the village of Itaguaí and became the end of the city of Rio de Janeiro, taking into account the wishes of local people.
In Santa Cruz the law was signed by Princess Isabel who gave emancipation to all slaves of the Imperial Government. The enactment of the law was attended by distinguished guests such as the Viscount of Rio Branco and the Conde d'Eu.
Santa Cruz, a political-economic position, and especially strategic (facing the sea and back into the paths of the backlands of Minas) was one of the first places in the country to benefit from the system of home delivery of letters by mail. On November 22 of 1842 opened the first branch of the Post Office in Brazil to adopt this service. It was also the site chosen by the emperor to install the first telephone line from South America, between the Palace of São Cristóvão and Santa Cruz.
In 1878 was inaugurated the train station and at the end of 1881, D. Pedro II inaugurated the Slaughterhouse Santa Cruz, known as the most modern in the world at the time, which was served by an extension of the railroad and supplied meat the whole city of Rio de Janeiro. Also, due to the generator which served the slaughter, Santa Cruz was the first district of the suburb to have electric lighting. D. Pedro II also launched the first phone of Finance.
Gradually, Santa Cruz was transformed, with palaces, solar, shops, streets and parks. Weathering the weather and the criminal actions of men, many of these places are still standing, attesting to the importance of this historic neighborhood. The Palace Princess Isabel, the "Marco Onze", the Wallace Fountain, The Zeppelin Hangar and many others, are examples.
Republic.
After the Proclamation of the Republic, Santa Cruz lost much of its prestige. But solved some problems, soon attracted foreign immigrants, who contributed greatly to the economy of the neighborhood. The Arabs and the Italians were responsible for the expansion of local commerce, and the development of Japanese agriculture.
During the government Getúlio Vargas in the 1930s, the region of Santa Cruz has undergone profound changes, with sanitation projects that aimed for recovery of land, with the recovery of health and economic dynamism, from the creation of agricultural colonies. In 1938 came the first Japanese families, not directly from Japan, but of Mogi das Cruzes, São Paulo, to fill the newly created lots Colonial Center and implement new experiences in agriculture. The lots were distributed through the streets of "Reta do Rio Grande" and "Reta de Sao Fernando", and they, when they came, immediately put his hands on the land, having already produced that year after only three months of work, significant amount of food. The production was so great that supplied the whole city of Rio de Janeiro, giving Santa Cruz the title "breadbasket" of the Federal District.
At the time was still built in the region, a hangar for dirigible Zeppelin, the Zeppelin Hangar. The building is listed by the Institute for National Artistic and Historical Heritage (IPHAN) since 1998, receiving the subscription tipping No. 550.
With the intensive development of Rio de Janeiro, occurring in all directions, was inaugurated in 1975, the Industrial Zone, strongly promoting the urbanization of the neighborhood. In it are located the three major industrial districts: Santa Cruz, Paciência and Palmares, where they are in full operation at the Casa da Moeda do Brasil, Cosigua (Gerdau Group), Valesul, White Martins, Glasurit and to Usina Santa Cruz, one of the largest thermoelectric fuel oil from Latin America, with an installed capacity of 950 MW.
In the early 1980s, many housing projects were built by the State Housing Company (CEHAB) which increased the population of the neighborhood, giving it the characteristics of the neighborhood dorm.
Current.
Santa Cruz is now a rapidly growing district. Has a well-developed trade, several banks and numerous and diverse shops. It has an educational system that satisfactorily meet the demand and the Municipal Hospital Dom Pedro II recently modernized by the city and specializes in treating burns. In addition to two large military units of the Armed Forces: the School of Engineering Battalion and Air Base Santa Cruz, an important center for the defense of Aeronautics and largest complex of fighting Brazilian Air Force, the Cidade das Crianças Brizola, which serves as theme park of the City of Rio de Janeiro (including having a planetary), aimed particularly at children and adolescents, and important historical and cultural monuments.
Were installed, particularly near the avenida João XXIII, several industrial enterprises weight, especially the "Companhia Siderúrgica do Atlântico" (CSA), which changed the landscape and dynamism to the economy of the district. It is scheduled for put into operation a factory turbo-power generators for offshore platforms by the end of 2012, an investment of US$60 million of British Rolls Royce Energy. Until 2016 will be installed in an area of 570,000 m² in the industrial district the new processing center vaccines and biopharmaceuticals of Fiocruz, which will invest R$ 800 million, which will be manufactured 600 million doses of vaccine per year. It is scheduled to visit Pope Benedict XVI during the World Youth Day 2013.
It is also characterized as a working-class neighborhood, in which there are many problems such as transportation difficulties, lack of sanitation appropriate at certain points, action of militias in poor communities and environmental problems serious.
With increasing population, the violence in the neighborhood has worried the authorities. The police action is to combat the trafficking of narcotics in the slums surrounding the neighborhood, as well as militiamen in action. These are responsible for the control of alternative transportation, and illegal operation of electricity, gas and cable television .
Geography.
Located at latitude 22 ° 55 '13 "S, 43 ° 41' 6" in the extreme west of the city, its territory extends over an area of 12,504.43 ha and is the neighboring municipalities of Itaguaí west and Seropédica the north, the neighborhoods of Sepetiba south, Patience and Cosmos in the east and Guaratiba southeast. The Southwest territory is bathed in Sepetiba Bay.
Relief and hydrography.
For lying in the valley of Santa Cruz, most of the country is flat, with altitudes near sea level, dominated barren areas such as "Campo do Itongo", "Campo Sapicu", "Campo de São Luís", "Campo de Roma" e others. The exception is the center which is in an area a little bumpy, whose highest point is the "Morro do Mirante" with about 65 meters. Still stand out in the landscape of "Morro da Bandeira", "Morro da Joaquina" and "Morro do Leme" with about 94 meters.
Its coastline, just cut, is bathed in the Sepetiba Bay for just over 10 km.
The lowlands of Santa Cruz is drained by several rivers and canals, among the principal are: the Rio da Guarda, the western limit of the city of Rio de Janeiro, rio Cação Vermelho, rio Guandu (canal de São Francisco), "rio Guandu-Mirim" "Canal do Ita". All belonging to the basin of Sepetiba Bay. The canal of São Francisco serves to supply the industrial district. Since the channel of the "Canal da Irrigação" and the "São Fernando" irrigate crops in the Colonial Center.
Climate.
The climate is classified as tropical Atlantic (Aw), according to the type of Köppen. The temperature average is higher than 22° Celsius and the average annual rainfall reaches 1200 mm.
Because it is a town near the coast, the effect of maritimidade is quite noticeable, resulting in thermal amplitudes relatively low. Below the picture of the normal monthly maximum temperature, minimum temperature and rainfall to Santa Cruz.
Vegetation.
According to the 2000 Census conducted by the IBGE, 4.18% of the natural area of Santa Cruz is covered by mangroves, forest changed by 3.66%, 1.63% by vegetation of wetlands as swamps and marshes and 0.66% by forests.
Demographics.
According to an estimate of the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics, 2010 Census data, Santa Cruz has a total population of 217,333 inhabitants. Of these, 112,966 residents are female and 104,367 residents are male. Data also include a total of 76,295 households. The average household nominal income is R $ 1,579.00, which puts the district on 140th position among 160 districts of the city of Rio de Janeiro surveyed.
Religion.
The microdata from the Census 2000, the Center for Social Policies of the Getulio Vargas Foundation shows that the percentage of Catholics in the neighborhood is in the range 40-60%. Santa Cruz is still among the three districts most evangelicals with 28.64% of practitioners. In the ranking of no religion, Santa Cruz appears in second position with 19.86%.
The Catholic Church is present in five parishes and their 46 Christian churches, of chapels and churches, scattered throughout the neighborhood. It has grown quite a number of evangelical churches in the region, which also has spiritual centers and churches of other faiths.
Symbols official.
Although not common among the Brazilian cities, some neighborhoods in the state capital have symbols, acquired at the time when this city was the state of Guanabara. Santa Cruz also has an anthem and a coat, launched on the occasion of the fourth centenary celebrations of the district (1567-1967).
Infrastructure.
Education.
Santa Cruz has a public and private education system that adequately meets the demand for basic education. According to information from City Hall, has 53 municipal school units that serve approximately 41,104 students during the elementary school and middle, outside other private institutions like Apollo XII College, College Don Oton Mota, Santa Monica Education Center and others.
There is however a great need in high school, which is supplied by the public schools state and private institutions. The schools of the state are insufficient to meet demand, especially technical and vocational education. Nevertheless, it is located in "Largo do Bodegão" a CETEP, which offers numerous training courses and technical courses of good quality through the ETE Santa Cruz. The transfer to Santa Cruz institution SESI/SENAI of vocational education is also being essential to meet the demand for skilled labor, the new industrial ventures that bring in the region.
The higher education has very recent history and is taught only by private institutions. FAMA (University Machado de Assis) was a pioneer, being a local institution maintained by the Educational Association Machado de Assis and emerged in the mid 1990s, offering courses for undergraduate, graduate, and extension semipresential. After she appeared in several other campus institutions such as the Candido Mendes University and Estacio de Sa University.
Education institutions in the neighborhood are known to reveal sporting talent and music for the whole country. The marching bands of colleges Apollo XII and Dom Otto Mota are among the best and present themselves in Brazil.
Health.
Santa Cruz has several hospitals and clinics, especially the Dom Pedro II Hospital and Polyclinic Lincoln de Freitas, and several private hospitals, as hospitals and Memorial Cemeru. However, most residents (70%) depends on the public health system and suffers from a lack of doctors and hospital beds in the hospital network. The problem is greater when there are cases of epidemic dengue. The lack of information and neglect of residents make the neighborhood has one of the highest rates of proliferation of the mosquito in the city. However, the recent deployment of Emergency Care Units - APU's, and Family Clinic adjacent to the neighborhood, is expected to alleviate the shortage of medical care for low-income families in Santa Cruz.
Water and sanitation.
The water supply in Santa Cruz is made by the State Company for Water and Sewage of Rio de Janeiro (CEDAE). This has a drive on Morro do Mirante. There was constructed there in the 20th century a large water tank to supply the whole region, but today it is disabled.
The lack of piped water and sewage disposal system is critical in underserved areas of the neighborhood. Besides the lack of water supply and sewage disposal system at certain points, the network of illegal connections is another problem faced by the company in the neighborhood.
Transportation.
Santa Cruz has the final season of the second largest commuter rail extension of the Metropolitan Region of Rio de Janeiro, the Santa Cruz Extension. The same is operated by the "SuperVia" and the peak hours has an average interval of 12 minutes. There are integration services with buses using exclusively "RioCard" and there is a project to integrate pay with online Itaguaí of Central, which is being studied to be reactivated.
Santa Cruz has an "Urban Bus Terminal at Rua Álvaro Alberto" and has major access roads to the state capital. The main route is the Avenida Brasil, linking Santa Cruz to the center of Rio de Janeiro. The Avenida Cesário de Mello (formerly Caminho Imperial) links the neighborhood to Campo Grande. Highway BR-101 (Rio-Santos) begins in the neighborhood and connects Rio de Janeiro to municipalities of the Costa Verde region and moves to the coast of São Paulo. The "Estrada da Pedra" linking to the neighborhood of Guaratiba. The "Estrada de Sepetiba" connects Santa Cruz the neighborhood of Sepetiba.
There are other major thoroughfares, crossing the Avenue neighborhood as avenida Antares, avenida Areia Branca, avenida Isabel, avenida Pope João XXIII, Estrada da Urucânia, Rua Alvaro Alberto, rua Felipe Cardoso, avenida Padre Guilherme Decaminada, Rua Senador Câmara, among others.
Santa Cruz is the neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro that has the highest users of cycling. The vehicle is used by 12% of the population, while the average across the city is 2%. A bike lane connects the districts of Santa Cruz and Campo Grande following the railway line and integrating the stations.
It was implemented in 2012 running Express articulated buses Transoeste linking Santa Cruz to Campo Grande and Barra da Tijuca reducing up to half the average time to travel. A project predicts the possibility of using the Airport Bartolomeu base air to assist in achieving the next sporting events hosted in the city.
Services and Communications.
The district enjoys various public services, provided by the various levels of government and individuals, such as hospitals and clinics, the "Center for Zoonosis Control Paulo Dacorso Filho", which is a reference in the municipality in the treatment of zoonosis and systems development Sanitary and Epidemiological Surveillance, the Resource Center Integrated Service Teen, various agencies of the Post Office and bank branches, a detachment of the Fire Brigade, the 36th Police Precinct and 27th Military Police Battalion, in addition to the municipal cemetery located near "Matadouro" and "Jardim da Saudade cemetery".
The neighborhood was the first city to rely on the signal service of free broadband internet, the "IluminaRio". Santa Cruz also has a television transmitting antenna for UHF channel 26, is currently not used by any broadcaster.
Economy.
Santa Cruz has a diversified economy, with rural areas, an important industrial area for the city and a business that has experienced significant growth in recent years.
Agriculture.
During the Getúlio Vargas government in the 1930s, the region of Santa Cruz, went through great works of sanitation and the creation of agricultural colonies.
In 1938 came the first families of Japanese Mogi das Cruzes, São Paulo State, to fill the newly created lots Colonial Center and implement new experiences in agriculture. Even today there agricultural colonies that produce cassava, fruits and vegetables in the fields of Santa Cruz Air Base and coconut fields in "Campo de São Miguel" and "Campo São Marcos" on the banks of the Rio-Santos highway. In the region of the "Jesuitas" there are also several plantations and small herds of cattle.
Industry.
In the year 1960, the Rio de Janeiro is no longer the capital of the country to be the state of Guanabara. Finding himself without the resources of the federal administration, there was a need to seek alternatives to the economic development of the state. In 1975, opened the Industrial Zone of Santa Cruz.
In it are installed several industrial establishments, such as the Casa da Moeda do Brasil, Cosigua (Gerdau Group), Valesul, White Martins, Glasurit, the Santa Cruz plant, Linde S/A, Ecolab Chemicals Ltd., Aluminum Cans S/A - LATASA, Factory Carioca Catalysts - FCC, Pan American S/A Chemical, among others. They are represented by AEDIN - Association of the Industrial District of Santa Cruz.
The Industrial Zone is located on the border between the municipality of Rio de Janeiro and the Itaguaí, and part of the back area of the Port of Itaguaí. The Atlantic Steel Company (CSA) was established in 2010, is the largest steel mill in South America, occupying an area of nine million square meters including a private marina, power plant, steel flat sheets for export and coke.
Trade.
Santa Cruz in recent years has shown great growth in its trade and services sector targeting the local market, due to growth and rising incomes of the population.
The same has a shopping and entertainment, called Santa Cruz Shopping with food court, shops of various genres and banks, large supermarkets such as Guanabara, Prezunic and Extra hypermarkets as well as small neighborhood supermarket chains, restaurants, fast food like McDonald's, Bob's, Subway, Habib's and a large number of clothing stores, shoes, building materials, among others, stationers and bazaars, heavily concentrated on "Rua Felipe Cardoso" and its surroundings.
Culture.
Among the most popular cultural events of the neighborhood is the feast of Sao Jorge held in the Largo Bodegao. The festival is a tradition that dates back 1963 and the number of devotees has only increased in Santa Cruz Carnival is celebrated with traditional carnival, fancy dances, and the contest bandstands promoted by the city. Yet you can see the figure on the streets folk "clóvis" (clown), so common in the region.
Tourist attractions, historical and cultural.
Are recognized by law as for tourist, social, cultural city of Rio de Janeiro, the elected seven wonders of Santa Cruz: the "Hangar do Zeppelin" located at Air Base, the headquarters of Battalion School of Engineering (Villagran Cabrita), the "Ruínas do Matadouro", "Ponte dos Jesuítas" in the sub-district of the Jesuitas, "Igreja Nossa Senhora da Conceição", the "Cidade das Crianças" and "Catedral das assembleias de Deus".
Sports.
Practicing sports is very common in Santa Cruz, especially in schools in the region, which are renowned for achievements in diverse forms of intercollegiate competition. One of the major acquisitions of the neighborhood in recent years was the Olympic Village Oscar Schmidt, a complex sports that offers free sports activities especially for children and youth in need.
In 2007 he founded the Santa Cruz Soccer Club, affiliated with FFERJ, who participates in state and interstate tournaments and has several categories. Among the sporting events happening in the neighborhood is the traditional bike ride involving more than two hundred cyclists traveling the main historical sights of Santa Cruz.
Partnership between businesses and NGOs active in the district comprise hundreds of children and adolescents around socioesportivos programs emphasizing the importance of values like self-esteem, teamwork, quality of life and citizenship.
Leisure.
As one of the neighborhoods with few recreational options in the west, Santa Cruz has received special attention to the city hall facilities the theme park Children's Town, which offers visitors sports courts, water park, library, digital planetarium, as well as activities outdoors.
They are among the main leisure areas of the district court trials of the GRES Acadêmicos de Santa Cruz, the Santa Cruz Shopping, the Olympic Village Oscar Schmidt, the "Lona Cultural Sandra de Sá" and the "Cidade das Crianças Leonel Brizola".
Santacruzenses.
Born and lived in the neighborhood some personalities of the country at different times as the actor André Villon, Senator Júlio Cesário de Melo, Senator Otacílio Câmara de Carvalho, the football player Thiago Silva, MMA fighter's Marcos Oliveira.

</doc>
<doc id="19116030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116030" title="Route 98 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 98 (MTA Maryland)

MTA Route 98, also known as the Hampden Shuttle Bug or Hampden Shuttle, was the first neighborhood shuttle to be introduced. It started operating in 2000 as an experiment conducted by MTA to provide a new type of service. At that time, service operated every 17 minutes in order to match light rail frequencies. But in 2003, it was reduced to one bus every 34 minutes.
The line operates on portions of the route also covered by routes 22 and 27, but connects to various points of interest in the Hampden area, and to the Woodberry Light Rail Stop.
In 2005, as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, a comprehensive overhaul plan for the region's transit system, it was initially proposed that the Hampden Shuttle would be completely eliminated due to low ridership and a heavy cost to taxpayers. This was a plan that seriously worried the area's residents. However, after community meetings, it was ultimately decided that it would continue operating with no schedule change.
In 2006, MTA proposed that the routing would shift from Falls Road to Roland Avenue in order to replace service that would be discontinued on a portion of Route 27. This plan was introduced again late in 2007, and implemented early in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19116032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116032" title="33rd Tony Awards">
33rd Tony Awards

The 33rd Annual Tony Awards was broadcast by CBS television on June 3, 1979 from the Shubert Theatre in New York City. The hosts were Jane Alexander, Henry Fonda and Liv Ullmann.
The ceremony.
The presenters were Tom Bosley, Barry Bostwick, Ellen Burstyn, Georgia Engel, Jane Fonda, Celeste Holm, John Houseman, Barnard Hughes, Angela Lansbury, Ron Leibman, Jack Lemmon, Hal Linden, Jean Marsh, Al Pacino, and Dick Van Dyke.
The theme of the ceremony was theatrical superstitions, and various other showbusiness beliefs.
Henry Fonda received a Special Award, which was presented by his daughter Jane Fonda. Walter Cronkite presented Richard Rodgers with his Special Award.
Musicals represented: 
Winners and nominees.
"Winners are in bold "

</doc>
<doc id="19116035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116035" title="Lollapaloozers">
Lollapaloozers

Lollapaloozers is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in December 1993. It is a single disc which represents original material recorded during their daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19116036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116036" title="Route 52 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 52 (MTA Maryland)

Route 52 is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in Baltimore and its suburbs. The line currently runs from the Mondawmin Metro Subway Station along Liberty Heights Avenue and Liberty Road to a loop known as in Milford Mill with buses marked as "Milford Mill" (not to be confused with the Milford Mill Metro Subway Station, where this route presently does not operate). The loop is composed of a square block, consisting of Liberty Road, Rolling Road, Church Lane, and Milford Mill Road. The spot of the layover depends on the time of day.
The line was known as Route M-1 from 1984 until its renaming on August 30, 2009, when no routing changes were made.
History.
Route 52 is the successor to various bus and streetcar lines, including the No. 32 streetcar and bus, and the now-defunct Bus Routes 28 and 37.
Routes 28 and 37 had served the Liberty Heights corridor since 1947. The main bus line serving Liberty Heights Avenue in both directions was Route 28. Route 28 had operated since 1947 between the Liberty Heights Avenue corridor and Cherry Hill with other destinations. All buses that had operated from Cherry Hill and other locations in South Baltimore to Liberty Heights had been given the no. 28 designation. All buses that originated from Liberty Heights with a destination "other than" Cherry Hill were identified as no. 28. But all buses that originated in the Liberty Heights area and had a final destination of Cherry Hill were designated no. 37. This was done to alert white residents of the communities in the Liberty Heights area that the bus's final destination was Cherry Hill, then a low class black community. This practice was discontinued in 1974 when the no. 37 designation was dropped, and all buses along this route were given the no. 28 designation.
Route M-1 started operating in 1984, taking over the service previously provided by Route 28. Route 28 had operated along the Liberty Heights corridor since 1947. Another line designated Route 37 had provided some of the eastbound service until 1974. The no. 32 streetcar had operated along Liberty Heights from 1920 to 1955, and as a bus from 1955 to 1959 before this service was merged into the no. 28 bus.
When Route M-1 began in 1984, it operated along its present route, though it has undergone various changes before resuming its original route. In 1988, Route M-1 was combined with Route M-13, and selected trips were extended along Milford Mill Road to Milford Mill Station. In addition, other trips operated between the Milford Mill Station and a community off Scotts Level Road in Pikesville known as "Bellemore Farms" (also previously a branch of Route M-13).
The line continued following this route for the next 15 years, with the only change being the addition of Sunday service in 2001, when Sunday service was introduced on all M-lines. During this time, buses on Liberty could either be marked "Milford Mill" or "Milford Mill Station," with station flashing alternately, requiring those wishing to reach Milford Mill Station to wait for the sign to change. The line also had occasional short turns at Gwynn Oak Avenue and Buckingham Road.
In 2005, as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, a comprehensive overhaul plan for the region's transit system, Route M-1 returned to its pre-1988 route, as all service along Milford Mill Road was provided by the modified Route M-8 (now a part of Route 54). No service was provided to Bellemore Farms.
On August 30, 2009, the M-1 was renamed Route 52, completing MTA's redesignation of all M-lines to two-digit designations.
June 2011.
Adjust service frequency on Sundays to operate every 20 minutes.
In popular culture.
In the novel Passing By Patricia Jones and Patricia J Bacchus, the narrator describes catching the bus on Liberty Heights Avenue down to Hilton Street and staring at the water (Lake Ashburton is located at this intersection).

</doc>
<doc id="19116037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116037" title="Hinglajgarh">
Hinglajgarh

Hinglajgarh (Hindi: हिंगलाजगढ़) or Hinglaj Fort (Hindi: हिंगलाज क़िला "Hinglaj Qila") is an ancient fort situated near village Navali in Bhanpura tehsil of Mandsaur district in Madhya Pradesh. Its coordinates are latitude 25°30' N and Longitude 65°31' E. It is situated 165 km from Mandsaur town and 26 km from Bhanpura town in Madhya Pradesh. This fort was at its peak of grandeur during Parmara rule. There are many artistic sculptures of various periods in this fort. The "Nandi" and "Uma-Maheshwar" sculptures were sent from there to France and Washington for display in India festivals and left a mark at international levels. The Hinglajgarh was the centre of excellence in craftsmanship of sculptures for about 800 years. The statues recovered from this fort are from the Guptas period to Parmara period. The most ancient statues are from 4th–5th century AD.
Origin of name.
Hinglajgarh gets name after the goddess Hinglaj Devi, the "kuldevi" of Kshatriyas. Hinglaj Mata temple is situated in the Hinglajgarh. Originally temple located at Hinglaj () is an important Hindu pilgrimage place in Balochistan, Pakistan. It is situated in Balochistan province about 250 km north-west of Karachi. The Kshatriyas in ancient times had movements between baluchistan and India. The Mauri rulers founded the temple of Hinglaj Mata as she was their kuladevi. Initially this area was known as 'Hinglaj Tekri' but later the Mauri rulers built a fort here and this came to be known as Hinglajgarh or Hinglaj Fort.
History.
The ancient inscriptions in the Pali Buddhist character have been discovered in various parts of Rajasthan of the race of Taxak or Tak, relating to the tribe Mori and Parmara are their descendants. Taxak Mori was the lord of Chittor from very early period.
The Huna Kingdom of Sialkot (of Mihir Kula 515-540 AD), destroyed by Yashodharman, was subsequently seized by a new dynasty of kshatriyas called Tak or Taxaka. The Taxak Mori as being lords of Chittor from very early period and few generations after the Guhilots supplanted the Moris, this palladium of Hindu liberty was assailed by the arms of Islam. (725-35) we find amongst the numerous defenders who appear to have considered the cause of Chittor their own the Tak from Asirgarh. This race appears to have retained possession of Asirgarh for at least two centuries after this event as its chieftain was one of the most conspicuous leaders in the array of Prithvi Raj. In the poems of Chandar he is called the "Standard, bearer, Tak of Asir." 
Hinglaj Fort became very strategic during the Parmara rule and they strengthen it. In 1281 the Hada ruler halu occupied it, and later it came under Chandrawat rulers. Mention of Haveli of Gopal Singh, a Chandrawat ruler, is found in the "patnama" of Chandrawats. In 1773 the Holkar Queen Ahilya Bai defeated Laxman Singh Chandrawat and occupied it. The fort was renovated during Holkar rule along with Hinglaj Mata Temple, Rama Temple, and Shiva Temple. Though various dynasties occupied the fort but it was never used as a permanent capital. It was mainly used as a shelter by various rulers. This is the reason why there are not many palaces here.
The Hinglaj Fort has four gates namely Patanpol, Surajpol, Katrapol and Mandaleshwaripol. The first three gates ("pol") are east facing whereas last, Mandaleshwaripol, is west facing. There is storage of water in a grand tank known as "Surajkund". Local tradition goes that Gotri Bhil was killed here, therefor the smarak built here is worshiped by Bhils.
In the southern part of the Hinglaj Fort is situated Hinglaj Mata temple, Rama-Hanuman Temple, Darbar Kaksha (Kachhari), Rani Mahal and Shiva Temple. There is a big Burj here known as Fateh Burj. There are also two towers called Tirtham, which used to be used as means of communication with distant places through light.

</doc>
<doc id="19116041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116041" title="Route 57 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 57 (MTA Maryland)

Route 57 is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in Baltimore and its suburbs. The line currently runs from the Rogers Avenue Metro Subway Station in Northwest Baltimore to Security Square Mall, with selected trips to the Social Security Administration headquarters in Woodlawn. The line serves the corridor of Gwynn Oak Avenue and the communities of Howard Park, Gwynn Oak, and Windsor Mill.
The route is the successor to the 32 Woodlawn and 33 West Arlington streetcar lines and several bus routes.
History.
Route 57 started operating under the Route R-3 designation on June 18, 1984. Prior to 1984, the area had been served by other bus and streetcar lines, most recently Route 28, which had branches feeding into Liberty Heights Avenue and then operating through Downtown Baltimore mostly to Cherry Hill. These services operated on Sundays until 2001, when Route M-6 started operating on Sundays. The line has only had minor routing and schedule changes since its 1984 introduction, with the exception of two redesignations (in 1987 from R-3 to M-6 and in 2009 from M-6 to 57) and a controversial elimination in 2005 that was later reversed.
Origin.
Streetcar service began on the Gwynn Oak corridor in 1924 with the initiation of the No. 33 Streetcar line, which operated as a branch of the No. 5 Streetcar line into Gwynn Oak Junction. This service was suspended briefly in 1930 in favor of a bus designated no. 20, bus streetcar service resumed later that same year.
The no. 33 streetcar line was discontinued when the no. 5 streetcar ended its service in 1948. But service along Gwynn Oak would continue to operate as branches of the No. 32 Streetcar, which became the Bus Route 32 in 1955. Bus Route 32 would become part of Bus Routes 28 and 37 in 1959.
Routes 28 and 37 had served Liberty Heights Avenue since 1947. The main bus line serving Liberty Heights in both directions was Route 28. While Route 28 operated in both directions, buses that had a final destination of Cherry Hill were designated no. 37. This was done to alert white residents of the communities in the Liberty Heights area that the bus's final destination was Cherry Hill, then a low class black community. This practice was discontinued in 1974 when the no. 37 designation was dropped, and all buses along this route were given the no. 28 designation. When Route 37 became a part of Route 28, it would continue to serve the Gwynn Oak area full-time until 1984. During this time, it would undergo extensions to Social Security and Security Square Mall following development of the Woodlawn area.
Route 28 would continue to serve the Gwynn Oak area outside of Metro's hours of operation until 2001. Route 28 had three branches: one to Randallstown, one to various points on Security Boulevard, and one to Belvedere and Belvieu. These covered most of the route of Route M-6 when Route M-6 did not operate. In 1996, Route 28 converted into a Sunday only service. The Belvedere and Belvieu branch was discontinued, and service on the other branches was increased. Other parts of route 28 were absorbed by existing parts or modifications to other lines. In September 2001, Route 28 was completely discontinued when Metro connection services were introduced on Sunday.
Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative.
In October 2005, MTA completely eliminated Route M-6 from service. All trips on Route 44 were extended to either Security Square Mall or Social Security to replace the service. It was noted in literature produced by MTA that "service on Route M-6 was to be provided by Route 44." But this was not how riders and community activists viewed the change.
The elimination of Route M-6 was criticized as follows:
In the weeks immediately following the elimination, community activists and delegates were told by MTA that Route M-6 service would not be restored, despite these complaints. MTA stated that Route 44 provided sufficient service, and only a small percentage of riders were negatively affected.
In March 2006, under extreme pressure from the community, MTA restored eight round trips on weekdays to Route M-6. MTA stated that this act was a compromise in exchange for hushing all other complaints against MTA in reference to this and other recent and planned changes in route. But rider advocates were not satisfied. These trips operated hourly during peak hours only. Activists continued to put pressure on MTA.
In October 2006, exactly 50 weeks after its original elimination, full-time service was restored on Route M-6. This took place at a time when officials were facing re-election. This change did not help the outgoing administration win re-election, but it did restore the line to its full-time, 7-day-a-week status.
On August 30, Route M-6 was redesignated Route 57. This completed MTA's plan to rename all M-lines to two digit designations.

</doc>
<doc id="19116047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116047" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 400 metres">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 400 metres

These are the official results of the Women's 400 metres event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 52 participating athletes, with seven qualifying heats, four quarter-finals, two semi-finals and the final held on Thursday 26 August 1999 at 20:30h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Quarter-finals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Heats.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19116053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116053" title="Heavy Water and Other Stories">
Heavy Water and Other Stories

Heavy Water and Other Stories is a collection of nine short stories by Martin Amis. It was first published in 1998 by Jonathan Cape.
Two Stories.
The collection includes "Denton's Death" and "Let Me Count the Times," which comprised Amis's Two Stories, published in 1994.
Audio.
A recording of "What Happened to Me on Holiday"—read by Martin Amis—is included in the 1998 audio collection "The New Yorker Out Loud."
Reception.
The book was widely praised upon publication. 

</doc>
<doc id="19116054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116054" title="Rhagoletis cerasi">
Rhagoletis cerasi

Rhagoletis cerasi is a species of tephritid fruit fly known by the common name cherry fruit fly. It is a major pest of cherry crops in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19116057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116057" title="Agnolo di Tura">
Agnolo di Tura

Agnolo de Tura (14th century) was a chronicler from Siena, Italy. He was also a shoemaker and tax collector. He married a woman named Nicoluccia, who was of a higher class than he was. Agnolo di Tura was determined to rise in the world (his wife kept reminding him of how much she gave up to be with a man of lower status). Together Agnolo di Tura and Nicoluccia had five children. During the time of the Black Death, Nicoluccia and all five children died. Agnolo di Tura writes of the event: "And I, Agnolo di Tura, called the Fat, buried my five children with my own hands". Agnolo di Tura survived the Black Death and remarried.
One of his writings is this, from Agnolo di Tura, of Siena:
"The mortality in Siena began in May. It was a cruel and horrible thing. . . . It seemed that almost everyone became stupefied seeing the pain. It is impossible for the human tongue to recount the awful truth. Indeed, one who did not see such horribleness can be called blessed. The victims died almost immediately. They would swell beneath the armpits and in the groin, and fall over while talking. Father abandoned child, wife husband, one brother another; for this illness seemed to strike through breath and sight. And so they died. None could be found to bury the dead for money or friendship. Members of a household brought their dead to a ditch as best they could, without priest, without divine offices. In many places in Siena great pits were dug and piled deep with the multitude of dead. And they died by the hundreds, both day and night, and all were thrown in those ditches and covered with earth. And as soon as those ditches were filled, more were dug. I, Agnolo di Tura . . . buried my five children with my own hands. . . . And so many died that all believed it was the end of the world."
Resources.
http://boisestate.edu/courses/westciv/plague/08.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="19116065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116065" title="Ohio State Route 313">
Ohio State Route 313

State Route 313 (SR 313, OH 313) is a long east–west state highway located in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. The western terminus of SR 313 is at a T-intersection with SR 146 approximately northwest of the village of Cumberland. Its eastern terminus is near the eastern end of Senecaville Lake at a T-intersection with SR 147 nearly southwest of Batesville.
Route description.
Along its path, SR 313 travels through eastern Muskingum County, southern Guernsey County and northeastern Noble County. No segment of SR 313 is included as a portion of the National Highway System (NHS). The NHS is a network of highways deemed to be most important for the country's economy, mobility and defense.
History.
The SR 313 designation was applied in 1932. When it was established, SR 313 existed only along the current alignment of the highway between its eastern junction with SR 83, at the time known as SR 76, southeast of New Concord and its intersection with SR 821, then a portion of US 21, north of Pleasant City. 
In 1935, SR 313 was extended east to a new terminus at SR 285 in Senecaville. Two years later, the highway was extended on the west end to its current western terminus at SR 146. SR 313 would be extended on the east end again in 1947. This extension followed the present alignment of the route along the north side of Senecaville Lake to a new eastern terminus at what is now the intersection that marks the southern terminus of SR 761. Then, it was designated as SR 670, which utilized the current easternmost stretch of SR 313 and the entirety of SR 761. It would be until 1974 before SR 313 took on the shape it has today when the SR 670 designation was removed from the state highway system due to the construction of Interstate 670 (I-670) in Columbus. Consequently, SR 313 was extended to its present eastern terminus at SR 147 over the previous southern stretch of SR 670, while the remainder of the former SR 670 north of SR 313 became SR 761.

</doc>
<doc id="19116078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116078" title="John Snetzler">
John Snetzler

John Snetzler (or Schnetzler) was an organ builder of Swiss origin who worked mostly in England.
He was born in Schaffhausen, in 1710 He trained with the firm of Egedacher in Passau. He came to London circa 1741. On his retirement in 1781, his business continued and eventually ended up in the hands of Thomas Elliot.
He died in Schaffhausen, 28 September 1785.

</doc>
<doc id="19116088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116088" title="1975 Chapeltown riot">
1975 Chapeltown riot

The Chapeltown riot of 1975 occurred in the troubled Leeds district of Chapeltown in West Yorkshire, England. They were not to be the last riots in the area following further rioting in 1981 and 1987 and further rioting in nearby Harehills in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19116105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116105" title="Jane Patterson">
Jane Patterson

Jane Patterson Priddis, Alberta is a female judoka from Canada. She competed for her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where she was defeated in the first round of the repêchage. 
Patterson won two bronze medals at the 1991 Pan American Games, in the Women's Heavyweight (+ 72 kg) and in the Women's Open Class division. She was affiliated with the "Shidokan Judo Club" in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="19116118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116118" title="Macdonald baronets">
Macdonald baronets

There have been two baronetcies created for members of the Macdonald family, one in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia and one in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. One creation is extant as of 2009.
The Macdonald Baronetcy, of Sleat in the Isle of Skye in the County of Inverness, was created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia in 1625 for Donald Macdonald. For more information on this creation, see Baron Macdonald.
The Macdonald Baronetcy, of East Sheen in the County of Surrey, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom in 1813 for the judge and politician Archibald Macdonald. He was the posthumous son of the seventh Baronet of the 1625 creation. This title became extinct on the death of the fourth Baronet in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="19116123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116123" title="Fox Ridge">
Fox Ridge

Fox Ridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19116128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116128" title="Publius Sextilius">
Publius Sextilius

Publius Sextilius was a Roman praetor (92 BC?) and governor of Africa during the civil wars between Sulla and Marius. As propraetor in 88 B.C., he refused Marius and his followers asylum in Africa.
Marius in Africa.
Plutarch presents a highly colored version of how Sextilius rejected Marius and furnishes a moral:
Little is known of this Sextilius. It is likely that he belonged to the senatorial family of Sextilii who used the "praenomen" Publius, among them a 2nd-century B.C. praetor from whom a letter fragment survives. At one time, numismatic evidence was interpreted as referring to Sextilius as praetor and propraetor, but the coin has since been determined to belong to the Augustan period.
Before the arrival of Marius in Africa, Sextilius had taken a neutral position in the civil war. He had allowed some of Marius's allies to join up with Hiempsal II, king of Numidia, who at that time was attempting to gain the confidence of the Marians while acting on behalf of Sulla. If Sextilius had been serious about carrying out his threat to treat Marius as a public enemy — a senatorial decree which sanctioned his execution at sight — he most likely would have allowed Marius to enter the country rather than warning him off. The difficulty of Sextilius's position is indicated by the consequences of his action: since no further public office for him is known, he evidently pleased neither side in the conflict.
Date of praetorship.
Cicero writes of a P. Sextilius Rufus who claimed he was bound by his oath of office to follow the "Lex Voconia" in depriving a young woman of her inheritance. E. Badian has argued that this was the P. Sextilius who became governor of Africa and dates his praetorship to 92.
Literary interests.
There is some indication that Publius Sextilius took an interest in or was a patron of literature. When Cassius Dionysius of Utica translated the great agricultural treatise of Mago the Carthaginian into Greek, he dedicated his translation to Sextilius.

</doc>
<doc id="19116143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116143" title="Extraordinary People">
Extraordinary People

Extraordinary People may refer to: 

</doc>
