<doc id="19394651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394651" title="Homelessness">
Homelessness

"Homelessness" describes the condition of people without a regular dwelling. People who are homeless are most often unable to acquire and maintain regular, safe, secure, and adequate housing, or lack "fixed, regular, and adequate night-time residence." The legal definition of "homeless" varies from country to country, or among different entities or institutions in the same country or region. The term "homeless" may also include people whose primary night-time residence is in a homeless shelter, a warming center, a domestic violence shelter, cardboard boxes or other "ad hoc" housing situations. American Government homeless enumeration studies also include persons who sleep in a public or private place not designed for use as a regular sleeping accommodation for human beings. There are a number of organisations who provide provisions for the homeless for example, The Salvation Army.
An estimated 100 million people worldwide were homeless in 2005. In western countries, the large majority of homeless are men (75-80%), with single males particularly overrepresented. In the USA, LGBT people are over-represented among homeless youth, at 40%. Modern homelessness started as a result of economic stresses in society and reductions in the availability of affordable housing. In the United States, in the 1970s, the deinstitutionalisation of patients from state psychiatric hospitals was a precipitating factor in urban areas. By the mid-1980s, there was also a dramatic increase in family homelessness. Tied into this was an increasing number of impoverished and runaway children, teenagers, and young adults, which created more street children or street youth.
Most countries provide a variety of services to assist homeless people. They often provide food, shelter and clothing and may be organized and run by community organizations (often with the help of volunteers) or by government departments. These programs may be supported by government, charities, churches and individual donors. Many non-profit organizations such as Goodwill Industries maintain a mission to "provide skill development and work opportunities to people with barriers to employment". Many cities also have street newspapers, which are publications designed to provide employment opportunity to homeless people. While some homeless have jobs, some must seek other methods to make a living. Begging or panhandling is one option, but is becoming increasingly illegal in many cities.
Difficulties in classification.
The term "unsheltered" refers to that segment of a homeless community who do not have ordinary lawful access to buildings in which to sleep. Such persons frequently prefer the term "houseless" to the term "homeless". Others may use the term "street people", which does not fully encompass all unsheltered in that many such persons do not spend their time on urban street environments. Many shun such locales and prefer to convert unoccupied buildings, or to inhabit mountains or, more often, lowland meadows, and creek banks and beaches Many jurisdictions have developed programs to provide short term emergency shelter, often in churches or other institutional real property, during particularly cold spells. These are referred to as warming centers, and are credited by their advocates as lifesaving.
A portion of the homeless population are generally in transit, but there is no generally accepted terminology to describe them; some nomenclature is frequently associated with derogatory connotations, and thus the professional and vernacular lingo to describe these persons is both evolving and not lacking in controversy. Much of the concern stems from the European situation, where homeless persons of Roma, Sinti and other ethnic descent have rejected the term "gypsy". Other terms which some use regarding in-transit persons are: transient, vagabond, tramp or drifter. Occasionally, these terms are interchanged with terms not necessarily implying that the person is a traveler, i.e. hobo. The term "bum" is used for persons lacking a work ethic. The term "transient" is frequently used in police reports, without any precise definitions across jurisdictions.
It is complex and difficult to define "homelessness". Many different definitions have been made and changes to the concept are constantly being brought to attention. The United States Congress has developed a definition that has gone through multiple changes. First applied in 1987, this general definition was provided and is now called the McKinney-Vento Act. As time went on and homelessness was still apparent in the usa, Congress added a definition for the homeless children and youths that will be using the educational programs; this change accrued in 2002. Congress later, in 2009, enacted the Homeless Emergency Assistance and Rapid Transition Housing Act, also known as The HEARTH Act. This broadened the general definition of homelessness and gave more consideration to help given to those who are considered homeless. Once again, in 2011, HUD issued a final rule to implement changes to the definition of homeless in the HEARTH Act. The implemented rule expands who is eligible for HUD-funded homeless assistance programs. (Cackley, A. P)
United Nations definition.
The United Nations, either via one of its agencies or via a vote in the General Assembly, has agreed upon various minimum conditions for a person to be countable as homeless. It is understood that these legal definitions for homelessness may date back to the beginnings of the UN in the late 1940s. The definition of a person being a refugee is at least partly linked to the definition of homelessness, as many refugees may have been or are homeless. In 2004, the United Nations, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, defined a homeless household as: those households without a shelter that would fall within the scope of living quarters. They carry their few possessions with them, sleeping in the streets, in doorways or on piers, or in another space, on a more or less random basis.
In 2009, at the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe Conference of European Statisticians (CES), held in Geneva, the Group of Experts on Population and Housing Censuses defined homelessness as:
In its Recommendations for the Censuses of Population and Housing, the CES identifies
homeless people under two broad groups:<br>
(a) Primary homelessness (or rooflessness). This category includes persons living in
the streets without a shelter that would fall within the scope of living quarters;<br>
(b) Secondary homelessness. This category may include persons with no place of
usual residence who move frequently between various types of accommodations
(including dwellings, shelters and institutions for the homeless or other living
quarters). This category includes persons living in private dwellings but reporting
‘no usual address’ on their census form.<br>
The CES acknowledges that the above approach does not provide a full definition of the
‘homeless’.
Article 25 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, adopted 10 December 1948 by the UN General Assembly, contains this text regarding housing and quality of living:
Everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family, including food, clothing, housing and medical care and necessary social services, and the right to security in the event of unemployment, sickness, disability, widowhood, old age or other lack of livelihood in circumstances beyond his control.
European Typology of Homelessness and Housing Exclusion.
Homelessness is perceived and tackled differently according to country. The European Typology of Homelessness and Housing Exclusion (ETHOS) was developed as a means of improving understanding and measurement of homelessness in Europe, and to provide a common "language" for transnational exchanges on homelessness. The ETHOS approach confirms that homelessness is a process (rather than a static phenomenon) that affects many vulnerable households at different points in their lives.
The typology was launched in 2005 and is used for different purposes: as a framework for debate, for data collection purposes, for policy purposes, monitoring purposes, and in the media. This typology is an open exercise which makes abstraction of existing legal definitions in the EU member states. It exists in 25 language versions, the translations being provided mainly by volunteer translators.
Unsheltered or unhoused people.
The word "unhoused" refers to that segment of a homeless community who do not have ordinary lawful access to buildings in which to sleep, as referred to in the HUD definition as persons occupying "place not designed for ... sleeping accommodation for human beings. Such persons frequently prefer the term "houseless" to the term "homeless".Recent homeless enumeration survey documentation utilizes the term "unsheltered homeless". HUD requires jurisdictions which participate in Continuum of Care grant programs to count their homeless every two years. These counts have led to a variety of creative measures to avoid undercounting. Thus teams of counters, often numbering in the hundreds in logistically complex volunteer efforts, seek out the unsheltered in various nooks and crannies. There has been a significant number of unsheltered persons dying of hypothermia, adding impetus to the trend of establishing warming centers as well as extending the enumeration surveys with vulnerability indexes.
History.
Modern.
In the modern world, home construction became increasingly specialized and electric wiring and plumbing added to the cost of homes. Today, few people are capable of building their own homes. Specialization increases demand and price, which raises the cost of living. Building laws, codes, ordinances, and zoning limits may make home ownership even more expensive. In many places, houses without electricity and plumbing, or without foundations, that would once have been legal are now banned as substandard.
The industrial revolution caused a great migration from the rural areas to urban areas. Urban areas often have more complex building codes to handle the denser populations in modern cities. City ordinances coupled with higher land prices may make housing even more expensive in such urban areas.
England and the USA.
Early history through the 1800s.
Following the Peasants' Revolt, English constables were authorised under a 1383 statute to collar vagabonds and force them to show support; if they could not, the penalty was gaol. Vagabonds could be sentenced to the stocks for three days and nights; in 1530, whipping was added. The presumption was that vagabonds were unlicensed beggars. In 1547, a bill was passed that subjected vagrants to some of the more extreme provisions of the criminal law, namely two years servitude and branding with a "V" as the penalty for the first offense and death for the second. Large numbers of vagabonds were among the convicts transported to the American colonies in the 18th century. During the 16th century in England, the state first tried to give housing to vagrants instead of punishing them, by introducing bridewells to take vagrants and train them for a profession. In the 17th and 18th centuries, these were replaced by workhouses but these were intended to discourage too much reliance on state help.
The growing movement toward social concern sparked the development of rescue missions, such as America's first rescue mission, the New York City Rescue Mission, founded in 1872 by Jerry and Maria McAuley. In smaller towns, there were hobos, who temporarily lived near train tracks and hopped onto trains to various destinations. Especially following the American Civil War, a large number of homeless men formed part of a counterculture known as "hobohemia" all over America. This phenomenon re-surged in the 1930s during and after the Great Depression.
Early 20th century.
"How the Other Half Lives" later inspired Jack London's "The People of the Abyss" (1903). This raised public awareness, causing some changes in building codes and some social conditions. These were later replaced by dormitory housing ("spikes") provided by local boroughs, and these were researched by the writer George Orwell. By the 1930s in England, there were 30,000 people living in these facilities. In 1933, George Orwell wrote about poverty in London and Paris, in his book "Down and Out in Paris and London". In general, in most countries, many towns and cities had an area which contained the poor, transients, and afflicted, such as a "skid row". In New York City, for example, there was an area known as "Bowery", traditionally, where alcoholics were to be found sleeping on the streets, bottle in hand.
The Great Depression of the 1930s caused a devastating epidemic of poverty, hunger, and
homelessness. There were two million homeless people migrating across the United States.
In the 1960s, the nature and growing problem of homelessness changed in England as public concern grew. The number of people living "rough" in the streets had increased dramatically. However, beginning with the Conservative administration's Rough Sleeper Initiative, the number of people sleeping rough in London fell dramatically. This initiative was supported further by the incoming Labour administration from 2009 onwards with the publication of the 'Coming in from the Cold' strategy published by the Rough Sleepers Unit, which proposed and delivered a massive increase in the number of hostel bed spaces in the capital and an increase in funding for street outreach teams, who work with rough sleepers to enable them to access services.
Later 20th century.
1960s and 1970s.
Modern homelessness started as a result of economic stresses in society and reductions in the availability of affordable housing such as single room occupancies (SROs) for poorer people. In the United States, in the 1970s, the deinstitutionalisation of patients from state psychiatric hospitals was a precipitating factor that seeded the homeless population, especially in large cities like New York City. Others feel that Ronald Reagan's signing of the Lanterman–Petris–Short Act greatly exacerbated homelessness among the mentally ill. This law lowered the standards for involuntary commitment in civil courtrooms and was followed by significant de-funding of 1700 hospitals caring for mental patients.
The Community Mental Health Act of 1963 was a predisposing factor in setting the stage for homelessness in the United States. Long term psychiatric patients were released from state hospitals into SROs and supposed to be sent to community mental health centers for treatment and follow-up. It never quite worked out properly, the community mental health centers mostly did not materialize, and this population largely was found living in the streets soon thereafter with no sustainable support system.
Also, as real estate prices and neighborhood pressure increased to move these people out of their areas, the SROs diminished in number, putting most of their residents in the streets. Other populations were mixed in later, such as people losing their homes for economic reasons, and those with addictions, the elderly, and others. Trends in homelessness are closely tied to neighborhood conditions according to a report by the Edna McConnell Clark Foundation in 1990.
Churches, public libraries and atriums began restricting access as the homeless population grew larger. Park benches started to be designed so that no one could lie down on them. Some churches restricted access when mass or services were not being held. Libraries began enforcing "no eyes shut" and sometimes dress codes. Some public places hired private security guards to carry out these policies, creating social tension. Many public toilets have been closed. This banished the homeless population to sidewalks, parks, under bridges, and the like. They also lived in the subway and railroad tunnels in New York City. They try to be socially invisible to avoid enforcement of new anti-vagrancy penalties.
Urban homeless shelters.
The homeless shelters, which were generally night shelters, made people leave in the morning to whatever they could manage and return in the evening when the beds in the shelters opened up again for sleeping. There were some daytime shelters where people could go, instead of being stranded on the streets, and they could be helped, get counseling, avail themselves of resources, meals, and otherwise spend their day until returning to their overnight sleeping arrangements. An example of such a day center shelter model is Saint Francis House in Boston, Massachusetts, founded in the early 1980s, which opens for homeless people all year long during the daytime hours and was originally based on the settlement house model.
Many homeless keep all their possessions with them because they have no access to storage. There was also the reality of the "bag" people, the shopping cart people, and the soda can collectors (known as binners or dumpster divers) who sort through garbage to find items to sell, trade and eat. These people carry around all of their possessions with them all the time because they have no place to store them. If they had no access to or capability to get to a shelter and possible bathing, or access to toilets and laundry facilities, their hygiene was lacking. This again creates social tensions in public places.
These conditions created an upsurge in tuberculosis and other diseases in urban areas. In 1974, Kip Tiernan founded Rosie's Place in Boston, the first drop-in and emergency shelter for women in the United States, in response to the increasing numbers of needy women throughout the country.
Legislation and legal pro bono efforts.
In 1979, a New York City lawyer, Robert Hayes, brought a class action suit before the courts, "Callahan v. Carey", against the City and State, arguing for a person's state constitutional "right to shelter". It was settled as a consent decree in August 1981. The City and State agreed to provide board and shelter to all homeless men who met the need standard for welfare or who were homeless by certain other standards. By 1983 this right was extended to homeless women.
By the mid-1980s, there was also a dramatic increase in family homelessness. Tied into this was an increasing number of impoverished and runaway children, teenagers, and young adults, which created a new sub-stratum of the homeless population (street children or street youth). Also, in the 1980s, in the United States, some federal legislation was introduced on homelessness as a result of the work of Congressman Stewart B. McKinney. In 1987, the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act was enacted.
Newspapers founded by the homeless.
In New York City, in 1989, a street newspaper was created called "Street News" which put some homeless to work, some writing, producing, and mostly selling the paper on streets and trains. Its circulation has grown to 300,000.
Chicago has "StreetWise" which has the second largest circulation of its kind in the United States, 30,000. Boston has a "Spare Change News" newspaper, founded in 1992 by a small group of homeless people in Boston, built on the same model as the others: homeless helping themselves. San Francisco, California has a twice monthly "Street Sheet" newspaper, founded in 1989, with a distribution of 32,000 per month. The publication is the oldest continuously published street newspaper, operates advertising free, contains poverty related news stories, artwork, poetry, and is provided to street vendors free of charge.
Seattle has "Real Change", a $1 newsletter that aims to benefit directly homeless people and also reports on economic issues in the area. Portland, Oregon has "Street Roots", with articles and poetry by homeless writers, sold on the street for a dollar. More recently, "Street Sense", in Washington, D.C. has gained a lot of popularity and helped many make the move out of homelessness. Students in Baltimore, MD have opened a satellite office for that street paper as well.
Twenty-first century.
In 2002, research showed that children and families were the largest growing segment of the homeless population in the United States, and this has presented new challenges, especially in services, to agencies. Some trends involving the plight of homeless people have provoked some thought, reflection and debate. One such phenomenon is paid physical advertising, colloquially known as "sandwich board men".
Another trend is the side-effect of unpaid free advertising of companies and organizations on shirts, clothing and bags, to be worn by homeless and poor people, given out and donated by companies to homeless shelters and charitable organizations for otherwise altruistic purposes. These trends are reminiscent of the "sandwich board signs" carried by poor people in the time of Charles Dickens in the Victorian 19th century in England and later during the Great Depression in the United States in the 1930s.
In the USA, the government asked many major cities to come up with a ten year plan to end homelessness. One of the results of this was a "Housing first" solution, rather than to have a homeless person remain in an emergency homeless shelter it was thought to be better to quickly get the person permanent housing of some sort and the necessary support services to sustain a new home. But there are many complications of this kind of program and these must be dealt with to make such an initiative work successfully in the middle to long term. Some formerly homeless people, who were finally able to obtain housing and other assets which helped to return to a normal lifestyle, have donated money and volunteer services to the organizations that provided aid to them during their homelessness. Alternatively, some social service entities that help homeless people now employ formerly homeless individuals to assist in the care process.
Homelessness has migrated toward rural and suburban areas. The number of homeless people has not changed dramatically but the number of homeless families has increased according to a report of HUD. The United States Congress appropriated $25 million in the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Grants for 2008 to show the effectiveness of Rapid Re-housing programs in reducing family homelessness. In February 2009, President Obama signed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, part of which addressed homelessness prevention, allocating $1.5 billion for a Homeless Prevention Fund. Emergency Shelter Grant (ESG) program's name was changed to Emergency Solution Grant (ESG) program, and funds were re-allocated to assist with homeless prevention and rapid re-housing for families and individuals.
On May 20, 2009, President Obama signed the Homeless Emergency Assistance and Rapid Transition to Housing (HEARTH) Act into Public Law (Public Law 111-22 or "PL 111-22"), reauthorizing HUD's Homeless Assistance programs. It was part of the Helping Families Save Their Homes Act of 2009. The HEARTH act allows for the prevention of homelessness, rapid re-housing, consolidation of housing programs, and new homeless categories. In the eighteen months after the bill's signing, HUD must make regulations implementing this new McKinney program.
The HEARTH Act also codifies in law the Continuum of Care planning process, long a part of HUD’s application process to assist homeless persons by providing greater coordination in responding to their needs. This final rule integrates the regulation for the definition of ‘‘homeless,’’ and the corresponding recordkeeping requirements, for the Shelter Plus Care program, and the Supportive Housing Program. This final rule also establishes the regulation for the definition ‘‘developmental disability’’ and the definition and recordkeeping requirements for ‘‘homeless individual with a disability’’ for the Shelter Plus Care program and the Supportive Housing Program.
In late 2009, some homeless advocacy organizations, such as the National Coalition for the Homeless, reported and published perceived problems with the HEARTH Act of 2009 as a HUD McKinney-Vento Reauthorization bill, especially with regard to privacy, definitional ineligibility, community roles, and restrictions on eligible activities.
Russia and the USSR.
After the abolition of serfdom in Russia in 1861, major cities experienced a large influx of former peasants who sought jobs as industrial workers in rapidly developing Russian industry. These people often lived in harsh conditions, sometimes renting a room, shared between several families. There also was a large number of shelterless homeless.
Immediately after the October Revolution a special program of "compression" ("уплотнение") was enabled: people who had no shelter were settled in flats of those who had large (4,5 or 6 room) flats with only one room left to previous owners. The flat was declared state property. This led to a large number of shared flats where several families lived simultaneously. Nevertheless the problem of complete homelessness was mostly solved as anybody could apply for a room or a place in dormitory (the number of shared flats steadily decreased after large-scale residential building program was implemented starting in 1960s). By 1922 there were at least 7 million homeless children in Russia as a result of nearly a decade of devastation from World War I and the Russian Civil War. This led to the creation of a large number of orphanages. By 1930s the USSR declared the abolition of homelessness and any citizen was obliged to have a propiska – a place of permanent residency. Nobody could be stripped of propiska without substitution or refuse it without a confirmed permission (called "order") to register in another place. If someone wanted to move to another city or expand their living area, he had to find a partner who wanted to mutually exchange the flats. The right for shelter was secured in the Soviet constitution. Not having permanent residency was legally considered a crime.
There were also virtually no empty and unused apartments in the cities: any flat where nobody was registered was immediately lent by the state at symbolic price to others who needed better living conditions. If a person who had permanent registration could not pay for shelter, nobody had right to evict them, only to demand money through a court.
After the breakup of the USSR the problem of homelessness sharpened dramatically, partially because of the legal vacuum of early 1990s with some laws contradicting each other and partially because of a high rate of frauds in the realty market. In 1991 articles 198 and 209 of Russian criminal code which instituted criminal penalty for not having permanent residence were abolished. Because most flats had been privatized and many people sold their last shelter without successfully buying another, there was a sharp increase of homeless. Renting apartments from a private owner became widespread (which usually only gives temporary registration and apartment owner could evict the leaser after the contract is over, or if the money was not paid). In Moscow, the first overnight shelter for homeless was opened in 1992. In late 1990s certain amendments in law were implemented to reduce the rise in homelessness, such as prohibition of selling last flat with registered children.
Nevertheless, the state is still obliged to give permanent shelter for free to anybody who needs better living conditions or has no permanent registration, because the right to shelter is still included in the constitution. This may take many years, though. Nobody still has the right to strip a person of permanent residency without their will, even the owner of the apartment. This creates problems for banks because mortgage loans became increasingly popular. Banks are obliged to provide a new, cheaper flat for a person instead of the old one if the person fails to repay the loan, or wait until all people who live in the flat are dead. Several projects of special cheap 'social' flats for those who failed to repay mortgages were proposed to facilitate mortgage market.
Social science.
Causes.
Major reasons and causes for homelessness as documented by many reports and studies include:
A substantial percentage of the U.S. homeless population are individuals who are chronically unemployed or have difficulty managing their lives effectively due to prolonged and severe drug and/or alcohol abuse. Substance abuse can cause homelessness from behavioral patterns associated with addiction that alienate an addicted individual's family and friends who could otherwise provide support during difficult economic times. Increased wealth disparity and income inequality causes distortions in the housing market that push rent burdens higher, making housing unaffordable. Dr. Paul Koegel of RAND Corporation, a seminal researcher in first generation homelessness studies and beyond, divided the causes of homelessness into structural aspects and then individual vulnerabilities.
Demographics.
In western countries such as the United States, the typical homeless person is male and single, with the Netherlands reporting 80% of homeless people aged 18–65 to be men. Some cities have particularly high percentages of males in homeless populations, with men comprising 85% of the homeless in Dublin. Non-white people are also overrepresented in homeless populations, with such groups two and half times more likely to be homeless in the US. The median age of homeless people is approximately 35.
Problems.
The basic problem of homelessness is the need for personal shelter, warmth and safety. Other difficulties include:
Homeless people face many problems beyond the lack of a safe and suitable home. They are often faced with many social disadvantages also, reduced access to private and public services, gaps in their personal infrastructures, and reduced access to vital necessities:
There is sometimes corruption and theft by the employees of a shelter as evidenced by a 2011 investigative report by FOX 25 TV in Boston wherein a number of Boston public shelter employees were found stealing large amounts of food over a period of time from the shelter's kitchen for their private use and catering.
The homeless are often obliged to adopt various strategies of self-presentation in order to maintain a sense of dignity, which constrains their interaction with passers-by and leads to suspicion and stygmatization by the mainstream public. Homelessness is also a risk factor for depression caused by prejudice (i.e. "deprejudice"). When someone is prejudiced against people who are homeless and then becomes homeless themselves, their anti-homelessness prejudice turns inward (i.e. hypocrisy), causing depression. "Mental disorders, physical disability, homelessness, and having a sexually transmitted infection are all stigmatized statuses someone can gain despite having negative stereotypes about those groups.” 
Victimization by violent crimes.
There have been many violent crimes committed against people who are homeless. A 2007 study found that the rate of such crimes is increasing.
Assistance and resources.
Most countries provide a variety of services to assist homeless people. They often provide food, shelter and clothing and may be organized and run by community organizations (often with the help of volunteers) or by government departments. These programs may be supported by government, charities, churches and individual donors.
In 1998, a study by Koegel and Schoeni of a homeless population in Los Angeles, California, reported that a significant number of homeless do not participate in government assistance programs, and the authors reported being puzzled as to why that was, with the only possible suggestion from the evidence being that transaction costs were perhaps too high.
The United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and Veterans Administration have a special Section 8 housing voucher program called VASH (Veterans Administration Supported Housing), or HUD-VASH, which gives out a certain number of Section 8 subsidized housing vouchers to eligible homeless and otherwise vulnerable US armed forces veterans.
Social Security Income/Social Security Disability Income, Access, Outreach, Recovery Program (SOAR)
SOAR is a national project funded by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration that is designed to increase access to SSI/SSDI for eligible adults who are homeless or at risk of becoming homelessness and have a mental illness and/or a co-occurring substance use disorder. Using a 3-pronged approach of Strategic Planning, Training, and Technical Assistance (TA), the SOAR TA Center coordinates this effort at the state and community level.
Social supports.
While some homeless people are known to have community with one another, providing each other various types of support, people who are not homeless also may provide them friendship, food, relational care, and other forms of assistance. Such social supports may be done through a formal process, such as under the auspices of a non-governmental organization, religious organization, or homeless ministry, or may be done on an individual basis. In Los Angeles, a collaboration between the Ostrow School of Dentistry of University of Southern California and the Union Rescue Mission shelter offer homeless people in the Skid Row area free dental services.
Income sources.
Many non-profit organizations such as Goodwill Industries maintain a mission to "provide skill development and work opportunities to people with barriers to employment", though most of these organizations are not primarily geared toward homeless individuals. Many cities also have street newspapers or magazines: publications designed to provide employment opportunity to homeless people or others in need by street sale.
While some homeless have paying jobs, some must seek other methods to make money. Begging or panhandling is one option, but is becoming increasingly illegal in many cities. Despite the stereotype, not all homeless people panhandle, and not all panhandlers are homeless.
Another option is busking: performing tricks, playing music, drawing on the sidewalk, or offering some other form of entertainment in exchange for donations. In cities where plasmapheresis centers still exist, homeless people may generate income through frequent visits to these centers.
Homeless people can also provide valuable waste management services. For example, they can sort out organic trash from other trash, and/or separate out trash made of a same material (for example, different types of plastics, and different types of metal). Especially in Brazil, many people are already engaged in such activities. In addition, rather than sorting waste at landfills, ... they can also collect litter found on/besides the road to earn an income.
Homeless people have been known to commit crimes just to be sent to jail or prison for food and shelter. In police slang, this is called "three hots and a cot" referring to the three hot daily meals and a cot to sleep on given to prisoners.
Invented in 2005, in Seattle, Bumvertising, an informal system of hiring homeless people to advertise by a young entrepreneur, is providing food, money, and bottles of water to sign-holding homeless in the Northwest. Homeless advocates accuse the founder, Ben Rogovy, and the process, of exploiting the poor and take particular offense to the use of the word "bum" which is generally considered pejorative.
In October 2009, the Boston Globe carried a story on so-called cyberbegging, or Internet begging, which was reported to be a new trend worldwide.
Australia.
In Australia the Supported Accommodation Assistance Program (SAAP) is a joint Commonwealth and state government program which provides funding for more than 1,200 organisations which are aimed to assist homeless people or those in danger of becoming homeless, as well as women and children escaping domestic violence [http://www.aihw.gov.au/publications/index.cfm/title/10191]. They provide accommodation such as refuges, shelters and half-way houses, and offer a range of supported services. The Commonwealth has assigned over $800 million between 2000–2005 for the continuation of SAAP.
The current program, governed by the Supported Assistance Act 1994, specifies that "the overall aim of SAAP is to provide transitional supported accommodation and related support services, in order to help people who are homeless to achieve the maximum possible degree of self-reliance and independence. This legislation has been established to help the homeless people of the nation and help rebuild the lives of those in need. The cooperation of the states also helps enhance the meaning of the legislation and demonstrates their desire to improve the nation as best they can.
United States.
Housing First is an initiative to help homeless people reintegrate into society, and out of homeless shelters. It was initiated by the federal government's Interagency Council on Homelessness. It asks cities to come up with a plan to end chronic homelessness. In this direction, there is the belief that if homeless people are given independent housing to start, with some proper social supports, then there would be no need for emergency homeless shelters, which it considers a good outcome. However this is a controversial position.
Miami, Florida's Community Partnership for Homeless launched a national outreach program in 2008 to help other communities throughout the United States address homelessness. Since its inception in 1993, CPH has served nearly 76,000 residents with a successful outplacement rate of nearly 62 percent in Miami-Dade County, Florida. The number of homeless people in the county has declined by 83 percent. The national program shares CPH's model of Homeless Assistance Centers, job training programs, on-site childcare, housing assistance and more. The organization also provides background on its unique funding structure and partnerships within the community.
Carrfour Supportive Housing, a nonprofit organization established in 1993 by the Homeless Committee of the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce – develops, operates and manages innovative housing communities for individuals and families in need through a unique approach combining affordable housing with comprehensive, on-site supportive services. As the leading not-for-profit provider of supportive housing in Florida, Carrfour has supplied homes for more than 10,000 formerly homeless men, women and children since its founding.
In Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 2007, a novel non-profit organization named Back on My Feet was created by runner Anne Mahlum as a running club for homeless men and women in the area, to help overcome homelessness through a multi-step self-help program centered around running three days a week, plus sponsored running events. Participants, drawn from local homeless shelters partnered with the organization, are assigned to different teams within each chapter and monitored by a nonresident member, and are required to commit to punctuality, endurance, self-optimism, team spirit, and sobriety. The members earn incentives through continued participation and progress, culminating in educational scholarships and assistance in finding permanent housing and employment. Back on My Feet counted a total of 400 homeless runners in nine cities after five years, and by the beginning of 2013 counted 10 different city chapters in the United States, with four more chapters planned by the end of the year.
In Boston, Massachusetts, in September 2007, an outreach to homeless people was established in the Boston Common, after some arrests and shootings, and in anticipation of the cold winter ahead. This outreach targets homeless people who would normally spend their sleeping time on the Boston Common, and tries to get them into housing, trying to skip the step of an emergency shelter.
Applications for Boston Housing Authority were being handed out and filled out and submitted. This is an attempt to enact by outreach the Housing First initiative, federally mandated. Boston's Mayor, Thomas Menino, was quoted as saying "The solution to homelessness is permanent housing". Still, this is a very controversial strategy, especially if the people are not able to sustain a house with proper community, health, substance counseling, and mental health supportive programs.
In October 2009, as part of the city's "Leading the Way" initiative, Mayor Thomas M. Menino of Boston dedicated and opened the Weintraub Day Center which is the first city-operated day center for chronically homeless persons. It is a multi-service center, providing shelter, counseling, healthcare, housing assistance, and other support services. It is a facility located in the Woods Mullen Shelter. It is also meant to reduce the strain on the city's hospital emergency rooms by providing services and identifying health problems before they escalate into emergencies. It was funded by $3 million in grants from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Massachusetts Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCD), the Massachusetts Medical Society and Alliance Charitable Foundation, and the United States Department of Health and Human Services Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA).
In 2010 in New York City, where there were over 36,000 homeless people in 2009, there was a mobile video exhibit in the streets showing a homeless person on a screen and asking onlookers and passersby to text with their cellphones a message for him, and they also could donate money by cellphones to the organization Pathways to Housing.
In September 2010, it was reported that the Housing First Initiative had significantly reduced the chronic homeless single person population in Boston, Massachusetts, although homeless families were still increasing in number. Some shelters were reducing the number of beds due to lowered numbers of homeless, and some emergency shelter facilities were closing, especially the emergency Boston Night Center.
In 2011, the Department of Veterans Affairs Supportive Services for Veterans Families Initiative, SSVF, began funding private non-profit organizations and consumer cooperatives to provide supportive services to very low-income Veteran families living in or transitioning to permanent housing. Supportive Services for Veteran Families
Refuges.
There are many places where a homeless person might seek refuge.
Health care.
Health care for homeless people is a major public health challenge. Homeless people are more likely to suffer injuries and medical problems from their lifestyle on the street, which includes poor nutrition, exposure to the severe elements of weather, and a higher exposure to violence (robberies, beatings, and so on). Yet at the same time, they have little access to public medical services or clinics.
There are significant challenges in treating homeless people who have psychiatric disorders, because clinical appointments may not be kept, their continuing whereabouts are unknown, their medicines are not taken and monitored, medical and psychiatric histories are not accurate, and for other reasons. Because many homeless people have mental illnesses, this has presented a crisis in care.
Homeless people often find it difficult to document their date of birth or their address. Because homeless people usually have no place to store possessions, they often lose their belongings, including their identification and other documents, or find them destroyed by police or others. Without a photo ID, homeless persons cannot get a job or access many social services. They can be denied access to even the most basic assistance: clothing closets, food pantries, certain public benefits, and in some cases, emergency shelters.
Obtaining replacement identification is difficult. Without an address, birth certificates cannot be mailed. Fees may be cost-prohibitive for impoverished persons. And some states will not issue birth certificates unless the person has photo identification, creating a Catch-22.
This problem is far less acute in countries which provide free-at-use health care, such as the UK, where hospitals are open-access day and night, and make no charges for treatment. In the US, free-care clinics, for homeless and other people, do exist in major cities, but they often attract more demand than they can meet.
The conditions affecting homeless people are somewhat specialized and have opened a new area of medicine tailored to this population. Skin conditions, including scabies, are common because homeless people are exposed to extreme cold in the winter and they have little access to bathing facilities. They have problems caring for their feet and have more severe dental problems than the general population. Specialized medical textbooks have been written to address this for providers.
There are many organizations providing free care to homeless people in countries which do not offer free medical treatment organised by the state, but the services are in great demand given the limited number of medical practitioners. For example, it might take months to get a minimal dental appointment in a free-care clinic. Communicable diseases are of great concern, especially tuberculosis, which spreads more easily in crowded homeless shelters in high density urban settings.
There has been an ongoing concern and studies about the health and wellness of the older homeless population, typically ages fifty to sixty four years of age, and even older, as to whether they are significantly more sickly than their younger counterparts and if they are under-served.
In 1999, Dr. Susan Barrow of the Columbia University Center for Homelessness Prevention Studies reported in a study that the "age-adjusted death rates of homeless men and women were 4 times those of the general US population and 2 to 3 times those of the general population of New York City".
In 2004, Boston Health Care for the Homeless in conjunction with the National Health Care for the Homeless Council published a medical manual called "The Health Care of Homeless Persons", edited by James J. O'Connell, M.D., specifically for the treatment of the homeless population.
In June 2008, in Boston, Massachusetts, the Jean Yawkey Place, a four-story, building, was opened by the Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program. It is an entire full service building on the Boston Medical Center campus dedicated to providing health care for homeless people. It also contains a long term care facility, the Barbara McInnis House, which expanded to 104 beds, and is the first and largest medical respite program for homeless people in the United States.
A 2011 study led by Dr. Rebecca T. Brown in Boston, Massachusetts conducted by the Institute for Aging Research (an affiliate of Harvard Medical School), Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, and the Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program found the elderly homeless population had "higher rates of geriatric syndromes, including functional decline, falls, frailty and depression, than seniors in the general population and that many of these conditions may be easily treated if detected". The report was published in the Journal of Geriatric Internal Medicine.
A report commissioned by homeless charity Crisis in 2011 found that on average homeless people have a life expectancy of 47 years, 30 years younger than the rest of the population.
There are government avenues which provide resources for the development of healthcare for the homeless. Although these resources are limited they have been able to make an impact in the homeless community. The Bureau of Primary Health Care has a health care for the homeless program which provides grants to fund the delivery of healthcare to the homeless. According to 2011 UDS data community health centers were able to provide service to 1,087,431 homeless individuals. Furthermore there are many nonprofit and religious organizations which provide healthcare services to the homeless. These organizations also contribute to the large need which exists for expanding healthcare for the homeless.
Tracking and counting.
In the USA, the federal government's HUD agency has required federally funded organizations to use a computer tracking system for homeless people and their statistics, called HMIS (Homeless Management Information System). There has been some opposition to this kind of tracking by privacy advocacy groups, such as EPIC. However, HUD considers its reporting techniques to be reasonably accurate for homeless in shelters and programs in its "Annual Homeless Assessment Report" to Congress.
Actually determining and counting the number of homeless is very difficult in general due to their lifestyle habits. There are so-called "hidden homeless" out of sight of the normal population and perhaps staying on private property.
Various countries, states, and cities have come up with differing means and techniques to calculate an approximate count. For example, a one night "homeless census count", called a point-in-time (PIT) count, usually held in the early Winter, for the year, is a technique used by a number of American cities, especially Boston, Massachusetts. Los Angeles, California uses a mixed set of techniques for counting, including the PIT street count. In 2003, The United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) had begun requiring a PIT count in all "Continuum of Care" communities which required them to report the count of people, housing status, and geographic locations of individuals counted. Some communities will give sub-population information to the PIT, such as information on veterans, youth, and elderly individuals as done in Boston.
Global definition.
Statistics for developed countries.
In 2005, an estimated 100 million people worldwide were homeless.
The following statistics indicate the approximate average number of homeless people at any one time. Each country has a different approach to counting homeless people, and estimates of homelessness made by different organizations vary wildly, so comparisons should be made with caution.
Developing and undeveloped countries.
The number of homeless people worldwide has grown steadily in recent years. In some Third World nations such as Nigeria, and South Africa, homelessness is rampant, with millions of children living and working on the streets. Homelessness has become a problem in the countries of China, India, Thailand, Indonesia, and the Philippines despite their growing prosperity, mainly due to migrant workers who have trouble finding permanent homes.
Determining the true number of homeless people worldwide varies between 100 million and 1 billion people based on the exact definition used. Refugees, asylum seekers, and internally-displaced persons (ITDs) can also be considered homeless in that they too experience “marginalization, minority status, socio-economic disadvantage, poor physical health, collapse of social supports, psychological distress, and difficulty adapting to host cultures” like the domestic homeless. In the past twenty years, scholars like Tipple and Speak have begun to refer to homelessness as the “antithesis or absence of home” rather than rooflessness or the “lack of physical shelter.” This complication in the homelessness debate further delineates the idea that home actually consists of an adequate shelter, an experienced and dynamic place that serves as a “base” for nurturing human relationships and the “free development of individuals” and their identity ). Thus, the home is perceived to be an extension of one’s self and identity. In contrast, the homeless experience, according to Moore, constitutes more as a “lack of belonging” and a loss of identity that leads to individuals or communities feeling “out of place” once they can no longer call a place of their own home 
This new perspective on homelessness sheds light on the plight of refugees, a population of stateless people who are not normally included in the mainstream definition of homelessness. It has also created problems for researchers because the nature of “counting” homeless people across the globe relies heavily on who is considered a homeless person. Homeless individuals, and by extension refugees, can be seen as lacking lack the “crucible of our modern society” and lacking a way of actively belonging to and engaging with their respective communities or cultures As Casavant demonstrates, a spectrum of definitions for homelessness, called the “continuum of homelessness,” should refer to refugees as homeless individuals because they not only lose their home, but they are also afflicted with a myriad of problems that parallel those affecting the domestic homeless, such as “lack of stable, safe and healthy housing, an extremely low income, adverse discrimination in access to services, with problems of mental health, alcohol, and drug abuse or social disorganization” Refugees, like the domestic homeless, lose their source of identity and way of connecting with their culture for an indefinite period of time. Thus, the current definition of homelessness unfortunately allows people to simplistically assume that homeless people, including refugees, are merely “without a place to live” when that is not the case. As numerous studies show, forced migration and displacement brings with it another host of problems including socioeconomic instability, “increased stress, isolation, and new responsibilities” in a completely new environment 
For people in Russia, especially the youth, alcoholism and substance abuse is a major cause and reason for becoming and continuing to be homeless. The United Nations, United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (UN-Habitat) wrote in its "Global Report on Human Settlements" in 1995: "Homelessness is a problem in developed as well as in developing countries. In London, for example, life expectancy among homeless people is more than 25 years lower than the national average.
Poor urban housing conditions are a global problem, but conditions are worst in developing countries. Habitat says that today 600 million people live in life- and health-threatening homes in Asia, Africa and Latin America. For example, more than three in four young people had insufficient means of shelter and sanitation in some Afican countries like Malawi. The threat of mass homelessness is greatest in those regions because that is where population is growing fastest. By 2015, the 10 largest cities in the world will be in Asia, Latin America and Africa. Nine of them will be in developing countries: Mumbai, India – 27.4 million; Lagos, Nigeria – 24.4; Shanghai, China – 23.4; Jakarta, Indonesia – 21.2; São Paulo, Brazil – 20.8; Karachi, Pakistan – 20.6; Beijing, China – 19.4; Dhaka, Bangladesh – 19; Mexico City, Mexico – 18.8. The only city in a developed country that will be in the top ten is Tokyo, Japan – 28.7 million."
In 2008, Dr. Anna Tibaijuka, Executive Director of UN-HABITAT, referring to the recent report "State of the World's Cities Report 2008/2009", said that the world economic crisis we are in should be viewed as a "housing finance crisis" in which the poorest of poor were left to fend for themselves.
Strategies.
Housing first / rapid rehousing
In the USA, the government asked many major cities to come up with a ten year plan to end homelessness; and one of the results of this was a "Housing first" solution, also known as "rapid re-housing", which quickly gets a homeless person permanent housing of some sort and the necessary support services to sustain a new home. There are many complications of this kind of program and these must be dealt with to make such an initiative work successfully in the middle to long term.
Enhanced data collection and evaluation
Homeless enumeration counts are mandated by HUD for all jurisdictions participating in HUD Continuum of Care grant programs. These occur as frequently as every two years. More recently,organizations such as Ground have piggy-backed those counts with compilation of Vulnerability Indexes which prioritize homeless persons. The factors include the existence of late stage terminal disease, HIV-AIDS, kidney or liver disease, frequent hospitalizations and frequent emergency room visits. The data which is compiled which exceeds the BUD mandate is retained and held confidential by Common Ground. Advocates of the system claim high rates of success in placing the most vulnerable persons, but skeptics remain concerned with confidentiality and security issues.
Potential solutions.
Transitional housing
Transitional housing provides temporary housing for the certain segments of the homeless population, including working homeless, and is set up to transition their residents into permanent, affordable housing. It's not in an emergency homeless shelter but usually a room or apartment in a residence with support services. The transitional time can be short, for example one or two years, and in that time the person must file for and get permanent housing and usually some gainful employment or income, even if Social Security or assistance. Sometimes, the transitional housing residence program charges a room and board fee, maybe 30% of an individual's income, which is sometimes partially or fully refunded after the person procures a permanent place to live in. In the USA, federal funding for transitional housing programs was originally allocated in the McKinney–Vento Homeless Assistance Act of 1986.
Supportive housing
Supportive housing is a combination of housing and services intended as a cost-effective way to help people live more stable, productive lives. Supportive housing works well for those who face the most complex challenges—individuals and families confronted with homelessness and who also have very low incomes and/or serious, persistent issues that may include substance abuse, addiction or alcoholism, mental illness, HIV/AIDS, or other serious challenges to a successful life.
Pedestrian villages
In 2007 urban designer and social theorist Michael E. Arth proposed a controversial national solution for homelessness that would involve building nearly carfree "Pedestrian Villages" in place of what he terms "the current band-aid approach to the problem." A prototype, Tiger Bay Village, was proposed for near Daytona Beach, FL. He claims that this would be superior for treating the psychological as well as psychiatric needs of both temporarily and permanently homeless adults, and would cost less than the current approach. It would also provide a lower cost alternative to jail, and provide a half-way station for those getting out of prison. Work opportunities, including construction and maintenance of the villages, as well as the creation of work force agencies would help make the villages financially and socially viable.
Government initiatives
In South Australia, the State Government of Premier Mike Rann (2002 to 2011) committed substantial funding to a series of intiatives designed to combat homelessness. Advised by Social Inclusion Commissioner David Cappo and the founder of New York's Common Ground program, Rosanne Haggerty, the Rann Government established Common Ground Adelaide building high quality inner city apartments (combined with intensive support) for "rough sleeping" homeless people. The government also funded the Street to Home program and a hospital liaison service designed to assist homeless people who are admitted to the Emergency Departments of Adelaide's major public hospitals. Rather than being released back into homelessness, patients identified as rough sleepers are found accommodation backed by professional support. Common Ground and Street to Home now operate across Australia in other States.    

</doc>
<doc id="19394675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394675" title="Ranbir Rano">
Ranbir Rano

Ranbir Rano is a Hindi television series that aired on Zee TV channel between September 22, 2008 - May 28, 2009. The story summary is: two young souls in search of love, as and a natural view of the Punjab and an unconditional belief in the power of destiny.
Plot.
The story is set in a small town in the Punjab, 'Dera-Bassi'. Ranbir and Rano live in Dera-Bassi, but Rano is from a conservative Punjabi family and hence has limited exposure with the outside world. Her father is the station master of Dera-bassi and it is one day, on her way to 'Dharamsala' that she meets the man who is to become a part of her life – Ranbir. What transpires after is what dreams are made of – sweet moments between the couple, feuding households, and love that outshines the toughest of all obstacles.

</doc>
<doc id="19394681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394681" title="Lake Parime">
Lake Parime

Lake Parime is a legendary lake located in South America. It was believed that on its shores was located the city of Manõa or El Dorado. The lake was searched for by several explores such as Sir Walter Raleigh and Alexander von Humboldt. The lake was printed on maps in the 17th century up until the 19th century. It was believed to be somewhere in Guiana for several years. Then later cartographers like Robert Schonburg and Van Huevel moved the lake more to the southeast of the Orinoco River and north of the Amazon river, often being situated south of the mountains that border Venezuela, Guiana, and Brazil. However explorers were unable to find the magical and mythical lake, and so they declared the lake as being imaginary.
The Nhamini-wi and the Lake of Milk.
The Tukano and Piratapuias tribes of the upper Negro River tell a story of the Nhamini-wi. The Nhamini-wi was a pre-Columbian road that traveled from the mountains in the west where the "house of the night" was located. The trail began at "axpeko-dixtara", or the "lake of milk" in the east. Explorer and artist Roland Stevenson found ruins north of the Negro River in the Uaupés basin that are believed to be the remnants of the Nhamini-wi.
Stevenson followed the vestiges of the extinct pre-Columbian road eastward to find the lake at its beginning and ended up in Roraima, Brazil, in the plains of Boa Vista.
Upon examining the region Brazilian geologists Gert Woeltje and Frederico Guimarães Cruz along with Roland Stevenson found that on all the surrounding hillsides a horizontal line appears at a uniform level approximately above sea level. This line registers the water level of an extinct lake which existed until relatively recent times. Researchers who studied it found that about 700 years ago this giant lake began to drain due to tectonic movement and slowly over the centuries dried up.
Foreign explorers who have come to the plains of Roraima to explore the area with Stevenson have included the Paititi investigator Gregory Deyermenjian, who in 1997 documented Stevenson's finds, and the likely correctness of Stevenson's conclusions concerning the pre-history of the region, in expedition reports filed at the Explorers Club headquarters in New York City. 
The lake's previous diameter measured and its area . It is believed by many modern searchers of El Dorado that the plains of Boa Vista may be the location of Lake Parime. Though due to the drainage it was not found, and therefore considered a myth.

</doc>
<doc id="19394683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394683" title="Cry Me a River (film)">
Cry Me a River (film)

Cry Me a River is a 2008 short film directed by Chinese filmmaker Jia Zhangke. The film is a romance based around the reunion of four college friends and lovers after ten years. The leads are played by Jia regulars Zhao Tao and Wang Hongwei, and Hao Lei and Guo Xiaodong, who starred together in Lou Ye's 2006 film "Summer Palace". Jia has stated that he was inspired by the classic Chinese film "Spring in a Small Town", also about the reuniting of former lovers in a rural river town in eastern China.
The film was produced by Jia's own Xstream Pictures.
Release.
The film premiered at the 65th Venice International Film Festival out-of-competition as one of two Chinese films in the lineup (Yu Lik-wai's "Plastic City" was the other). The short film also screened with Jia's feature length "24 City" as a companion piece at the BFI London Film Festival in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19394713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394713" title="Green Lake, Michigan">
Green Lake, Michigan

Green Lake, Michigan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19394797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394797" title="The Black Prince (play)">
The Black Prince (play)

The Black Prince is a Restoration era stage play, a historical tragedy written by Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery. It premiered on stage in 1667 and was first published in 1669. The play relied on influences from contemporaneous French theatre, and contributed to the evolution of the sub-genre of heroic drama; yet it also looked back to the Caroline era to assimilate masque-like dramatic effects.
As its title indicates, the play deals with the historical career of Edward, the Black Prince and his defeat and capture of King John II of France at the Battle of Poitiers.
The premiere was staged by the King's Company at the first Theatre Royal, Drury Lane on 19 October 1667. The opening performance was attended by many members of the English royal court, including the King: "Charles II and persons of the court gathered to honor the most distinguished playwright of the nobility." The production featured Edward Kynaston as the title character, Michael Mohun as King Edward III, William Wintershall as King John, Charles Hart as Lord Delaware, Nicholas Burt as Count Guesselin, and William Cartwright as Lord Latimer; Nell Gwyn as Alizia Pearce, Rebecca Marshall as Plantagenet, and Katherine Corey as Cleorin.
Samuel Pepys attended the first and third performances of the play; he thought the drama itself was weak, but admired the staging.
The play was first printed in "Two New Tragedies" (1669), along with Boyle's "Tryphon", by Henry Herringman. In the following year in appeared again in "Four New Plays", a collection of Boyle's dramas, also from Herringman.

</doc>
<doc id="19394927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394927" title="Uncial 080">
Uncial 080

Uncial 080 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 20 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Mark 9:14-18.20-22; 10:23-24.29, on two purple parchment leaves. Size of the leaves is unknown because of their fragmentary condition. It is written in two columns per page, 18 lines per page, in large uncial letters, in gold. The uncial letters are similar to the Codex Petropolitanus Purpureus.
Kurt Aland did not place the Greek text of the codex in any Category, on the grounds that it was too brief to classify.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Porphyrius Uspensky saw this codex in 1850 and described it. Oscar von Gebhardt made another description of the codex.
One leaf of the codex is located now at the Russian National Library (Gr. 275, 3) in Saint Petersburg, and one leaf in Alexandria (Greek Orthodox Patriarchate 496). 
The Greek text of this codex is too brief to certainly classify its text-type. Kurt Aland did not place it to any Category of New Testament manuscripts.

</doc>
<doc id="19394928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394928" title="Avon Players">
Avon Players

Avon Players is a nonprofit community theatre located along the banks of Stony Creek in the Historic District of Rochester Hills, Michigan. Located two miles from the heart of downtown Rochester, Michigan. Avon players has served the Metro Detroit Area since 1947.
History.
Avon Players was founded in 1947. Many of the original members had earlier been part of a church theatre group.
The name "Avon Players" was inspired by Avon Township and Stratford-upon-Avon. The Avon Players theatre group was established when Rochester Hills, Michigan was still called Avon Township.
Avon Players owns its own playhouse, a unique multiple A-frame design, built in 1965. The governing body for the group consists of a nine member Executive Board elected by active members at an annual meeting. The playhouse is located in the Historic district of Rochester Hills.
Typical season.
Volunteers bring to the stage five full-scale productions. Full scale means a computerized lighting system, sound effects equipment, costumes, live orchestra, completely constructed sets, and scenic backdrops painted by local talented artists.
Seasons have included award-winning dramas, British farces, Broadway musicals, and mysteries.
Youth theatre.
In addition to five regular season offerings, Avon Players puts on a Youth Theatre production – either a musical or a large-cast play – for students in the sixth through twelfth grades.
Seating chart.
Avon Players theatre seats 229 guests. The lines in the image to the side indicate elevated platforms within the theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19394938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394938" title="Technical Support Working Group">
Technical Support Working Group

Technical Support Working Group (TSWG) is a United States Interagency program for research and development into counter-terrorism measures. Established in 1986, TSWG falls under the oversight of the Office of the Coordinator for Counterterrorism at the Department of State and is a sub-group of the Interagency Working Group on Counterterrorism.
TSWG is organized into several subgroups and has representatives from more than 50 federal organizations. It addresses R&D requirement in various application and technology areas including:
TSWG is a key sponsor of the Global Security Challenge at London Business School
TSWG was credited with helping save lives in the September 11 attacks on The Pentagon. Following the 1998 United States embassy bombings, TSWG conducted research into improved blast-resistant structures and windows, some of which was incorporated into the recently renovated part of the Pentagon which was hit by the attack.

</doc>
<doc id="19394946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19394946" title="The Spectator (VSU)">
The Spectator (VSU)

"The Spectator" is the independent student newspaper of Valdosta State University, published every Thursday morning during each Fall and Spring Semester. Originally known as the "Campus Canopy", the paper became "The Spectator" in 1970. It contains latest campus news, local news, opinions, features, entertainment, and sports.
Awards.
"The Spectator" has won multiple awards over the years and the Georgia College and Press Association (GCPA) Better Newspaper Awards Conference held annually each February. The paper competes in the 4 year Division A category.
2004.
The Valdosta State paper won five awards on Saturday, Feb. 5, 2005 at the Georgia College and Press Association (GCPA) Better Newspaper Awards Conference. Awards included first place for Matt Stubbs in the Best Sports Story, T. A. Glanton winning third in Best Editorial or Editorial Series, second Place in the Improvement Award, second place for General Photography Excellence, and third place for General Advertising Excellence.
2005, 2006, 2007.
At the 2005 GCPA Conference VSU won third in the Improvement Award and second for General Advertising Excellence. "The Spectator" won first place in Best Campus Community Service - News at the 2006 Conference. And the paper won four awards at the 2007 GCPA Better Newspaper Awards Conference in February 2008.
2008.
"The Spectator" brought home 10 awards at the 2008 GCPA Better Newspaper Awards Conference,the most ever received by a single publication, in 2009.
Among those awards, four "Spectator" writers won individual awards. Karah-Leigh Hancock, the 2008/2009 Editor-in-Chief, won first place in Best Entertainment / Feature. Ashley George, the 2008/2009 Opinions Editor, came in second for Best Column. Dustin Swedelson, a former Sports Editor, came in second for Best Sports Story. Staff writer Angel Bass came in third for Best Feature. Among the other awards that "The Spectator" placed in was General Excellence, Layout & Design, Best Community Service - News and a first place in Advertising.
2009.
The paper captured six awards in the annual GCPA Better Newspaper Contest in 2010. Including Managing Editor Danielle Everson placing first in Best News Article Based on Investigative Reporting and Sports Editor Michael Wilson placing third for Best Sports Story. The publication also won several general awards, including second place for General Photography Excellence, General Advertising and Best Campus Community Service - Editorial Excellence, and third place for Best Community Service - Features.
2010.
"The Spectator" received four awards in the annual GCPA Better Newspaper Contest presented on February 4 and 5, 2011 in Athens. Editor-in-Chief Amy Johnstono placed first in Best Objective News Article. The publication also won three staff awards, which include first place for General Photography, second place for General Advertising and third place for Best Website.

</doc>
<doc id="19395020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395020" title="Planogyra asteriscus">
Planogyra asteriscus

Planogyra astericus, common name the Eastern Flat-whorl, is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae.
This species is listed as of "Special Concern" in the U.S. State of Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="19395026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395026" title="Tika Ram Paliwal">
Tika Ram Paliwal

Tika Ram Paliwal (1909–1995) was an Indian politician, who served as the Chief Minister of Rajasthan from 3 March 1952 to 31 October 1952. 
Paliwal was born at Mandawar village in the present-day Mahuwa tehsil of dausha district. He was a prominent Indian independence activist. He was a minister in Jai Narayan Vyas government form 26 April 1951 to 2 March 1952. He became the chief Minister of first democratically elected Rajasthan Legislative Assembly as Jai Narayan Vyas lost in the elections. Later Jai Narayan Vyas got elected in by-election from Kishangarh and again took over the post on 1 November 1952. So Tika Ram Paliwal resigned from the Cabinet for a short period and re-joined it.
He was MLA from Mahuwa twice in 1952 and 1957. In 1962, he was elected from the Hindaun Lok Sabha constituency as independent candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="19395027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395027" title="Abbas Chamanyan">
Abbas Chamanyan

Abbas Chamanyan, (born May 10, 1963) is an Iranian football coach who is AFC certified and currently Head Coach of Payam Mashhad. He is also a university lecturer who teaches Physical Education courses at Ferdowsi University of Mashhad, Islamic Azad University of Mashhad and Mashhad University of Medical Sciences.
He has numerous years of experience at club level and international level.

</doc>
<doc id="19395056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395056" title="National States Geographic Information Council">
National States Geographic Information Council

The National States Geographic Information Council, known as NSGIC, is an organization in the United States of America of the states, the District of Columbia, and the territories that works to improve the use and sharing of geospatial data and GIS tools. The purpose of the organization is "to encourage effective and efficient government through the coordinated development of geographic information and technologies to ensure that information may be integrated at all levels of government."
Membership.
NSGIC members include state GIS coordinators and senior state GIS managers, representatives of federal agencies, local and county governments, the private sector, the academic sector, and other professional organizations. Among the NSGIC membership are experts, recognized nationally and internationally, in GIS, in IT policy, and in data creation and data management.
Goals.
NSGIC works to foster the creation of "intelligent maps and databases that enable public and private decision makers to make better informed and timelier decisions in a wide array of governmental areas."
Among the major focus areas of NSGIC are:
Meetings and Communication.
NSGIC members gather in person twice each year; once in early spring for a Mid-Year Meeting and once in the early fall for an Annual Conference. Mid-Year meetings are held in Annapolis, Maryland and include meetings with federal leaders on Capitol Hill. NSGIC Annual Conferences have been held since 1991 and rotate among the states. 
The NSGIC Board of Directors meets monthly by conference call. Several standing committees and special workgroups meet by conference call monthly, or as needed.
The membership is kept informed via a NSGIC e-mail list, a NSGIC web site, and a NSGIC Blog.

</doc>
<doc id="19395065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395065" title="Ganden Sumtseling Monastery">
Ganden Sumtseling Monastery

The Ganden Sumtsenling Monastery, also known as Sungtseling and Guihuasi (Tibetan: དགའ་ལྡན་སུམ་རྩེན་གླིང་, dga' ldan sum rtsen gling, Chinese: 松赞林寺 "Sōngzànlín Sì"), is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery situated from the city of Zhongdian at elevation in Yunnan province, China. Built in 1679, the monastery is the largest Tibetan Buddhist monastery in Yunnan province and is sometimes referred to as the "Little Potala Palace." Located in the capital of Diqing Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, it is also the most important monastery in southwest China. 
It belongs to the Yellow Hat sect of Tibetan Buddhism of the Gelukpa order of the Dalai Lama. The Fifth Dalai Lama's Buddhist visionary zeal established the monastery in Zhongdian, in 1679. Its architecture is a fusion of the Tibetan and Han Chinese. It was extensively damaged in the Cultural Revolution and subsequently rebuilt in 1983; at its peak, the monastery contained accommodation for 2,000 monks; it currently accommodates in its rebuilt structures 700 monks in 200 associated houses.
Because of the popularity of James Hilton's novel Lost Horizon (novel) (1933), which introduced Shangri-La and is said have been written on an inspirational theme of "the Tibetan Buddhist Scriptures, where human beings, animals, and nature lived in harmony under the rule of a Tibetan", the Chinese authorities changed the name of Zhongdian County to Shangri-La County in 2001, basically to encourage tourism. The earlier names were – the Zhongdian (建塘镇 "Jiàntáng Zhèn") to the Chinese, and Gyalthang () to the Tibetans, of the town which has predominantly Tibetan population. The name of the county's capital town was similarly changed from Jiantang to Shangri-la. The ambiance of the town is distinctly Tibetan with prayer flags fluttering, mountains known by holy names, lamaseries and rocks inscribed in Tibetan language with Buddhist sutras.
Geography.
The monastery, with a group of structures packed together on a rolling farm land, located in the town of Jiantang in the Yunnan province, now renamed as Shangri-la town in the renamed Shangri-la county, is in the heart of the mountain range known as Hengduan Mountain Range; it is part of the Mount Baimang Nature Reserve in Yunnan province but the monastery does not have snow covered backdrop. It is delimited in the north west contiguously by Tibet, to the north by Muli and Ganzi, on the west by the Salween River Lisu Autonomous Prefecture, on its south by the Lijiang; the populace is an amalgam of Tibetans, Hui, Bai, Naxi and Han. The town is located on the famous Southern Silk Road, which originates in Sichuan province in the north, crosses Yunnan province and goes to Vietnam.
Well established road links exist from Shangri-la to Lhasa, Litang, Dali and Tibetan Sichuan. It is to the northwest of Lijiang. Shangri-La is also well connected by air with Lhasa and Kunming from its airport known as Shangri-La Diqing Airport, which is to the south of the town in the Diqing Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture. However, there are no rail links at present. The monastery is an hour's walk from the Shangri-la town and is a major attraction for tourists and the change of name of the town to Shangri-la and the impressive Monastery complex are stated to have encouraged tourism to this place.
History.
The Sumtseling monastery belonging to the Gelukpa order of Buddhism was established by the Fifth Dalai Lama in 1679. It was built during the rule of the Qing dynasty Kangxi Emperor (r.1662-1722). He fully patronized the development of this monastery. It is also said that the emperor was associated in the reincarnation search for the Seventh Dalai Lama.
In the 1930s, the monastery had provided full support to the Communist general He Long who passed through this area during his campaign. However, in 1959, the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China bombed the monastery during their invasion of Tibet. Since 1981, the situation has changed, the monastery buildings have been mostly restored and normality prevails.
Structures.
The Monastery built in the 17th century as the largest Buddhist monastery in Yunnan province, after a revelation by the Fifth Dalai Lama is in accordance with Tibetan traditional architectural style. It has six main structures including eight colleges. The entrance gate is at the foot of the hill and provides access to the main hall of the monastery through 146 steps.
In the main hall of the monastery, more than 1500 monks congregate to recite the Buddhist scriptures. This hall houses a plethora of scriptures written on palm leaves, a gilded statue of Shakyamuni Buddha which is tall at the main altar along with paintings depicting the life of Buddha. The altar has permanent decorated by yak butter lamps.
The monastery has two major lamasery buildings – Zhacang and Jikang – apart from several smaller lamaseries. Numerous living rooms have also been built for the monks to reside. The main monastery structure built in Tibetan style has a gilded copper roof similar to the one at the Potala Monastery in Lhasa. The other buildings in the complex are built in Han Chinese style.
The road from the old town of the city, leads to the scripture chamber ("Gucheng Zangjingtang"), which was earlier a Red Army Memorial hall to commemorate the Red Army's long march in the 1930s. At the opposite end of this hall, across the street is the Gulshan Park ("Gulshan Gongyuan"), which has a monastery with a commanding view of the town and its surroundings. Further along the road, known as the 'Changzeng Lu' ( long north-south trending street with intersecting roads laid in grid pattern) to the extreme south, is another temple. Passing through this street leads to gardens and a pavilion; and further to the north on a hill, there is a Chorten (Tibetan stupa). The east west road 'Tuanje Jie' leads to many smaller temples at the south end around the old town.
Festivals.
The Gedong Festival is held in the precincts of the monastery annually on 29 November when devotees from the region attend to worship and also to witness the religious mask dances – the Cham dance – that are performed by the monks in colourful costumes depicting deities, ghosts and animals.
A three day 'Horse Racing Festival' also known as 'Heavenly Steed Festival' is held at Zandiaong, some time in June (according to the lunar calendar: 5th day of the 5th month), to the south east of the town, which involves dancing, singing and eating, in addition to the racing of horses. Horse traders assemble here in their finest attire of furs and silks. Families of villagers camp in tents at the designated horse racing meadow land at an elevation of . 
A new festival introduced in 1990s is called the 'Minority Festival' held in September when artists from neighbouring districts and Tibet participate to present their art forms.

</doc>
<doc id="19395099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395099" title="Anheuser-Busch InBev">
Anheuser-Busch InBev

Anheuser-Busch InBev (, abbreviated as AB InBev) is a Belgian-Brazilian multinational beverage and brewing company headquartered in Leuven, Belgium. It is the world's largest brewer with nearly 25 percent global market share and the third largest fast-moving consumer goods company by firm value (as of March 2012).
AB InBev has 14 brands that individually generate over 1 billion USD per year in revenue out of a portfolio of more than 200 brands (2010). This portfolio includes global brands Budweiser, Corona, Stella Artois, Beck's and Brahma, smaller multi-country brands like Alexander Keith's, Leffe and Hoegaarden, and regional brands such as Spaten, Hasseröder, Löwenbräu, Bud Light, Skol, Quilmes, Harbin, Cass, Jupiler and recently their acquired Presidente beer from Dominican Republic. Total revenue for all InBev brands in 2010 was over 36 billion USD.
The company employs around 116,000 people in over 30 countries. With the integration of Anheuser-Busch, 45% of the company's sales come from North America, and the company now reports its financial results in US Dollars.
AB InBev has a primary listing on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange and is a constituent of the BEL20 index. It has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange.
History.
AB InBev was formed following the acquisition of American brewer Anheuser-Busch by Belgian-Brazilian brewer InBev, which itself is a merger of AmBev and Interbrew.
In 2004, Interbrew and AmBev merged, creating the world's largest brewer, InBev.
In 2006, InBev acquired the Fujian Sedrin brewery in China, making InBev the No. 3 brewer in China (the world's largest beer market). In 2007, Labatt acquired Lakeport in Canada, and InBev increased its shareholding in Quinsa, strengthening the company’s foothold in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Paraguay and Uruguay.
On 18 November 2008, the merger of InBev and Anheuser-Busch was completed, creating Anheuser–Busch InBev, the world's largest brewer and one of the top five consumer products companies in the world. Under the terms of the merger agreement, all shares of Anheuser-Busch will be acquired for 70 USD per share in cash, for an aggregate of 52 billion USD.
Interbrew.
After the merger in 1987, Interbrew acquired a number of local breweries in Belgium. By 1991, a second phase of targeted external growth began outside of Belgium’s borders. The first transaction in this phase took place in Hungary, followed in 1995 by the acquisition of Labatt, in Canada, and then in 1999 by a joint venture with Sun in Russia.
In 2000, Interbrew acquired Bass and Whitbread in the U.K., and in 2001 the company established itself in Germany, with the acquisition of Diebels. This was followed by the acquisition of Beck’s & Co., the Gilde Group and Spaten. Interbrew operated as a family-owned business until December 2000. At this point it organized an Initial Public Offering, becoming a publicly owned company trading on the Euronext stock exchange (Brussels, Belgium).
In 2002, Interbrew strengthened its position in China, by acquiring stakes in the K.K. Brewery and the Zhujiang Brewery.
AmBev.
AmBev is a Brazilian beverages company formed by a merger in 1999 between the Brahma and Antarctica breweries. It has a dominant position in South America and the Caribbean. The subsidiary is listed on BM&F Bovespa, the São Paulo stock exchange, and on the New York Stock Exchange.
Anheuser-Busch.
Anheuser-Busch is the largest brewing company in the United States in volume with a 49.2% share of beer sales. It was the world's largest brewing company based on revenue, but third in brewing volume, before the acquisition by InBev announced 13 July 2008. The division operates 12 breweries in the United States and 17 others overseas.
Anheuser-Busch's best known beers included brands such as Budweiser, the Busch (originally known as Busch Bavarian Beer) and Michelob families, and Natural Light and Ice. The company also produced a number of smaller-volume and specialty beers, nonalcoholic brews, malt liquors (King Cobra and the Hurricane family), and flavored malt beverages (e.g. the Bacardi Silver family and Tequiza).
Anheuser-Busch was also one of the largest theme park operators in the United States with ten parks throughout the United States. In October 2009, AB InBev announced the sale of its Busch Entertainment theme park division to The Blackstone Group for $2.7 billion. The company had been investigating a sale of Busch Entertainment since the merger with Inbev.
InBev.
InBev was the second largest brewery company in the world. While its core business is beer, the company also had a strong presence in the soft drink market in Latin America. It employed about 86,000 people and was headquartered in Leuven, Belgium, where Anheuser–Busch InBev will now be based.
Before the merger with AmBev, Interbrew was the third largest brewing company in the world by volume, Anheuser-Busch was the largest, followed by SABMiller in second place. Heineken International was in fourth place and AmBev was the world's fifth largest brewer.
InBev employed close to 89,000 people, running operations in over 30 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. In 2007, InBev realized 14.4 billion euro of revenue.
Brands.
AB InBev's brand portfolio includes highly popular beer and soft drinks brands. The company classifies it brands as Global Brands, Multi-Country Brands, and Local Champions
Global brands include:
Multi-country brands include:
Local brands include:
The company also owns distribution rights to the Bacardi and Monster Energy brands. Additionally, the company owns Grupo Modelo, Mexico's leading brewer and owner of the global Corona brand; the United States Department of Justice is seeking to stop Anheuser-Busch from purchasing the remainder of the company. The group has a 51% controlling stock on Cerveceria Nacional Dominicana through the AmBev division.

</doc>
<doc id="19395113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395113" title="Vallonia gracilicosta">
Vallonia gracilicosta

Vallonia gracilicosta, common name the multirib vallonia or multiribbed vallonia, is a species of very small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae.
Subspecies.
The subspecies, Vallonia gracilicosta albula, is an endangered species in the U.S. State of Michigan.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="19395137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395137" title="Portes, Aegina">
Portes, Aegina

Portes is a Greek fishing village located on the east side of Aegina. The inhabitants of the village live mainly on fishing and tourism. The landscape and the wild beauty attracts visitors.
It is said that Portes suffered from the activities of the pirate Barvarossa, so they built houses without windows, only with doors (portes or πόρτες in Greek) which is the origin of the name of the village. A second explanation is that the name Portes comes from the word porto (i.e. port) since the village has a port from which volcanic material, named Mafropetres, were loaded into ships that sailed to Crete.
There are fishing areas at "Kavos Antoni". The area is ideal for scuba diving and underwater fishing.
The motorway ends at Portes. The most common way to go to Portes is to take the path to the left, leaving Agia Marina and going for Alones. The same applies if coming from Alones, turning right. The road connecting with Anitsaio Portes can also be used. Another possibility is taking the exit from Agia Marina towards the Alones, and turning left on the road to the Portes.

</doc>
<doc id="19395155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395155" title="Fairfax Square">
Fairfax Square

Fairfax Square is an upscale mixed-use development located directly south of Tysons Corner Center across Leesburg Pike in Tysons Corner, Virginia. It includes of Class A office space, primarily occupied by financial tenants such as American Express, Merrill Lynch, and New York Life, and high-end ground-floor retail among its three identical high-rises. Fairfax Square was designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill. Its buildings are clad in Brazilian granite, and its lobbies are finished with Italian marble and wood paneling. Ground was broken for the development in 1988.
When it opened in 1990, the Tiffany & Co. store at Fairfax Square was the largest outside of New York with of retail space. Hermès has its only Washington metropolitan area store in Fairfax Square and doubled its retail space after a reopening in 2006 due to store consistently outperforming the rest of the U.S. market. The Tiffany store in this location is twice as large as its newer counterpart on Wisconsin Avenue. Fendi opened its fourth store in the nation at Fairfax Square but it has closed, but has currently opened a new Boutique within Saks Fifth Avenue in Chevy Chase,MD. Fendi does, however, have a Fendi Casa showroom nearby in Washington. The Equinox fitness facility replaced an 8-screen movie theater, which closed in 2007, shortly after a 16-screen theater opened in Tysons Corner Center.
The following stores are located in Fairfax Square:
This location should not be confused with another older development, also named Fairfax Square, located in the City of Fairfax and consisting of a small amount of office and retail space.

</doc>
<doc id="19395230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395230" title="Goryeosan">
Goryeosan

Goryeosan is a mountain in Incheon, South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19395246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395246" title="Amy Chapman">
Amy Chapman

Amy Lucille Chapman (born 2 December 1987 in Albury) is an Australian football (soccer) player, playing with Brisbane Roar and a member of the Matildas, appearing for the national team on 20 occasions between 2007 and 2013.
Chapman played for Australia at the 2006 FIFA U-20 Women's World Championship finals in Russia.
With Brisbane Roar:

</doc>
<doc id="19395273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395273" title="Haemyeongsan">
Haemyeongsan

Haemyeongsan is a mountain in Incheon, South Korea. It is on the island of Seongmodo in the county of Ganghwa. The mountain has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19395275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395275" title="Mike Jungbauer">
Mike Jungbauer

Michael J. "Mike" Jungbauer (born February 9, 1958) is a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota Senate representing District 48 in the northern part of the Twin Cities metropolitan area. The district includes portions of Anoka and Sherburne counties. A Republican, he was first elected in 2002, and was re-elected in 2006 and 2010. Prior to becoming a senator, he was the mayor of East Bethel from 1998 to 2002.
Jungbauer is currently a member of the Senate's Capital Investment, Commerce and Consumer Protection, Energy, Utilities and Telecommunications, and Judiciary and Public Safety committees. His special legislative concerns include transportation, education, aviation issues, and concealed carry.
On February 18, 2005, the Minnesota Senate's Subcommittee on Ethical Conduct issued a report on Jungbauer's 2004 misuse of his Senate legislative assistant, as well as Senate communications equipment such as computers and e-mail, to publicize a partisan campaign activity on behalf of Jeffrey Davis, a Republican candidate for Minnesota Senate District 50.
In July 2007, the Minnesota Campaign Finance and Public Disclosure Board ruled that Jungbauer had knowingly accepted a campaign contribution in the form of a wholesale discount on model airplanes for his office. The Jungbauer campaign was forced to pay nearly $2,000 in fines.
On July 1, 2009, Jungbauer announced his candidacy for the 2010 Minnesota governor's race. He officially launched his campaign in Anoka on August 8, 2009. 
Jungbauer's viewpoint on climate change has been called into question. It has also been alleged that certain claims he made regarding his studies and degrees may not be accurate. He "claims to have a bachelor's degree from the Moody Bible Institute with a "background in biochemistry." However, MinnPost reported on June 16, 2011, that he never graduated, and that the closest thing he has to a bachelor of science degree is a ministerial ordainment from Christian Motorsports International, which provides "chapel services" at "races, car shows, cruise-ins, and tractor pulls." His campaign website refers to "pursuing a degree in Environmental Policy at Metropolitan State University," although the school has no such program.
External links.
<br><br>

</doc>
<doc id="19395293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395293" title="Jumoke (gorilla)">
Jumoke (gorilla)

Jumoke (November 10, 1989 – August 18, 2008) was a western lowland gorilla at the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium in Powell, Ohio.
Life.
Jumoke was born on November 10, 1989 at the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium. She was the daughter of Toni and granddaughter of Colo, the first gorilla born in captivity. Jumoke was hand-reared until she was 18 months old. While being raised, the keepers would snap their fingers as they came towards the room to make sure she was not startled. She learned from observation how to snap her fingers and smile, and would often do these things when bored or towards people. Because she was hand raised she had a hard time raising her own offspring and required the assistance of surrogates. Jumoke however did save the life of her son Jontu who was not breathing at birth. She put Jontu's head to her mouth and started breathing for him.
Jumoke died unexpectedly on August 18, 2008. The cause of death is believed to be complications from an earlier miscarriage.

</doc>
<doc id="19395303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395303" title="Gubru">
Gubru

The Gubru are a fictional extraterrestrial race in David Brin's Uplift Universe series. Their full name is Gubru ab-Gooksyu-ul-Kwackoo-ul-Okukoo.
General information.
The Gubru are an avian race. Most Gubru are neuter and white in color, but after consumption of certain hormones, triads of Gubru begin a path toward gender and sexual maturity. These triads are considered royalty, with the queens a deep red color, and the princes blue and green. Two princes are required to fertilize a queen's eggs, and the queens are the top of the hierarchy. The process by which it is determined which member of the triad will become which gender is a complex one. Each has an assumed role as Suzerain of Beam and Talon, Propriety, or Cost and Caution, and in their search for a policy, the member whose ideas are most successful becomes the dominant queen.
They are a fanatic race, among those who believe that military action is justified and necessary before the return of the Progenitors. They are prominent among the races in the battle over Kithrup in Startide Rising. In "The Uplift War", they make an effort to force EarthClan to reveal the whereabouts of the Streaker by occupying Garth, one of Earth's colonies, populated primarily only with Humans and Chimpanzees, resulting in a guerrilla war. 

</doc>
<doc id="19395325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395325" title="Euschemon rafflesia">
Euschemon rafflesia

The Regent Skipper, Euschemon rafflesia, is a skipper butterfly (family (Hesperiidae). It is found in Australia. It is the only member of its genus Euschemon.
It is large by Hesperiidae standards, but still a fairly small butterfly. Its common name refers to the gaudy coloration, basically black with conspicuous yellow and red dots and bands. A peculiar trait of this butterfly are the males' frenulum and retinaculum which couple the fore- and hindwing together in flight. This structure is presumably plesiomorphic for most or all Macrolepidoptera, but is absent in all known Rhopalocera (butterflies) except "E. rafflesia" and the moth-butterflies (Hedylidae).
It was formerly often included in the tribe Tagiadini of the subfamily of spread-winged skippers (Pyrginae). But in reality, it seems to be the single most distinct living skipper butterfly. Consequently, it is treated as a monotypic subfamily Euschemoninae, as was first proposed by William Forsell Kirby as early as 1897.
Synonyms.
The Regent Skipper, in addition to the systematic uncertainties that have surrounded it for long, is a rather variable species. Consequently, it has been treated under a variety of names, which are nowadays considered junior synonyms. For example:
William Sharp Macleay named the butterfly after Sir Stamford Raffles "to whose scientific ardour and indefatigable exertions in Java and Sumatra, every Naturalist must feel himself indebted."

</doc>
<doc id="19395327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395327" title="Abraham Mendis Gunasekera">
Abraham Mendis Gunasekera

Gate Mudaliyar Abraham Mendis Gunasekera (1869–1931) was a leading literary figure in Ceylon. Gunasekera produced a Sinhalese grammar as well as Sinhalese-English and English-Sinhalese dictionaries. He is the grandfather of the famous Sri Lankan construction engineer U.N. Gunasekera.

</doc>
<doc id="19395343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395343" title="Village Christian School">
Village Christian School

Village Christian School (VILLAGE) is a private school established in 1994 by Dwight and Kitty Hesson. It is located on the property owned and operated under the auspice of Mid-Western Children’s Home. 
History.
The school is chartered by the Ohio Department of Education and is accredited to give high school diplomas to every student who successfully completes the requirements for graduation from the 12th grade. The school serves students 7th through 12th grade. Students receive instruction in core courses, plus electives such as health, home economics, speech and cultural research. 
Mid-Western Children’s Home shares its 167 acre campus with VILLAGE. The complex includes 2 basketball gymnasiums, baseball and soccer fields, a campground, an 18 hole golf course, and a 14 acre lake. 
Academics.
The school is staffed by a 100% highly qualified faculty. Students also receive therapeutic services including group and individual counseling, family counseling, community support and home bound services.
VILLAGE provides its students with the latest in technology available with its computer lab and classrooms. They also have a home economics lab that is utilized for life skills development.
Services.
Their students might exhibit one or more of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19395371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395371" title="Horyonggoksan">
Horyonggoksan

Horyonggoksan is a mountain in Incheon, South Korea. The mountain is on the southern end of Muuido, in the district of Jung-gu. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19395404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395404" title="James Mills">
James Mills

James Mills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19395439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395439" title="Henty railway station">
Henty railway station

Henty railway station is located in the Riverina town of Henty, New South Wales, Australia on the Main Southern railway line — the main line connecting Australia's two largest cities, Sydney and Melbourne. The station is served by the NSW TrainLink Melbourne–Sydney rail service.
The station has a single track with one platform. The station building is of timber construction dating back to 1904, with the goods shed being a semi-elliptical roof design, one of the few remaining. The platform face is made of brick and was built in 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="19395447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395447" title="Nakgasan">
Nakgasan

Nakgasan is a mountain in Incheon, South Korea. It sits on the island of Seongmodo in the county of Ganghwa. Nakgasan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19395490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395490" title="Qin Sheng">
Qin Sheng

Qin Sheng (; born 2 November 1986 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Qingdao Jonoon.
While Qin Sheng was born and raised in Dalian, he would move to Shandong in 1999 to play for the various Shandong Luneng youth teams. After rising through the club's various youth teams, Qin could not break into the senior team and did not make any senior level appearance for Shandong Luneng. At the beginning of the 2005 season, Qin joined top tier side Qingdao Jonoon as part of a deal that saw Shandong Luneng buy Gao Ming from Qingdao Jonoon. At Qingdao, he was given his chance to break into the senior team and made his league debut against Shanghai Shenhua on 2 April 2005 in a 2–0 defeat where he came on as a second half substitute. At Qingdao, he would gradually start to establish himself as a regular within the team until the 2007 season when he had a dispute with the manager Yin Tiesheng after a 2–1 defeat against Changchun Yatai on 7 April 2007 and lost favor in the team. The following season, Qin was given another chance within the team when his former Shandong youth manager Guo Kanfeng came in to coach the team, however Qin was unable to take this chance and only played in eight league games throughout the league campaign.
Jiangsu Sainty.
In September 2008, halfway through the season, Qin transferred to second tier club Jiangsu Sainty for 1,000,000 yuan and would go on to make his debut against Chongqing Lifan on 27 September 2008 in a 2–1 victory where he came on as substitute. Throughout the league campaign, Qin would gain significant playing time and go on to score his first goal on 31 October 2008 against Shanghai East Asia in a 4–1 victory. By the end of the season, Qin would have played in seven league games and scored one goal as Jiangsu won the division title and promotion to the top tier.
Liaoning Whowin.
Qin moved to Liaoning Whowin on a free transfer in January 2011. Qin had a decent 2011 season, playing 28 games and scoring no goals during his time with Liaoning Whowin.
Guangzhou Evergrande.
Qin transferred to Guangzhou Evergrande on 10 January 2012. On 3 February 2012, he scored his first goal for Guangzhou in a 1–0 preseason victory against CSKA Moscow in the 2012 Marbella Cup. On 25 February 2012, he made his official debut for Guangzhou in the 2–1 Chinese Super Cup victory against Tianjin Teda, coming on as a substitute for Zhao Xuri in 59th minute. Qin made his league debut in the third round of the season in a 3–0 home win against Henan Construction on 25 March 2012 and scored his first league goal for Guangzhou in his seventh league appearance on 11 May 2012 in a 3–1 away defeat against Dalian Shide.
International career.
Qin made his senior international debut for China on 22 February 2012 in a 2–0 home friendly victory against Kuwait, coming on as a substitute in the second half.
Honours.
Club.
Jiangsu Sainty
Guangzhou Evergrande

</doc>
<doc id="19395512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395512" title="Sangbongsan">
Sangbongsan

Sangbongsan is a mountain in Incheon, South Korea. It sits on the island of Seongmodo in the county of Ganghwa. Sangbongsan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19395518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395518" title="Justin Pierre (actor)">
Justin Pierre (actor)

Justin Pierre is a British actor working in theatre, film and television. His numerous roles have included Prince Ivar in Saban's "The Mystic Knights of Tir Na Nog", Mike in World Productions series Attachments (BBC), Dave Summers in the series Burnside (ITV) and Guillermo del Toro's Hellboy II: The Goldon Army.
Biography.
Justin Pierre is a British Actor and has appeared as Detective Sergeant Dave Summers on the British television police procedural "Burnside", as well as Mike on the BBC's "Attachments". He also appeared in the American-German film "" by Oscar winning director Guillermo Del Toro.
Justin graduated from the Rose Burford College of Speech and Drama and performed in a wealth of theatrical productions before taking to our screens. Some of his theatrical roles include (Othello) directed by Sam Walters, Tybalt (Romeo & Juliet) and (Generations of the Dead) at the Young Vic (London).
Justin is a qualified performance lecturer as well as teaching LAMDA examinations and has taught at the Randolph Academy of Performing Arts in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="19395526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395526" title="Stanley Peak">
Stanley Peak

Stanley Peak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19395533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395533" title="In the House of Stone and Light">
In the House of Stone and Light

"In the House of Stone and Light" is a song by British musician Martin Page. The song was released in July 1994 from the album of the same name. The song peaked at number 14 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 pop singles chart in 1995 and reached number one on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary chart.
The mountain in the intro of the song is Mt. Kailas, located near the land of Shambala. The present Mt. Kailash in Tibet is linked with the history of the Ramayana.
He also references Havasupai in the song. 

</doc>
<doc id="19395547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395547" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T11">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T11

The Men's 200m T11 had its first round held on September 11, beginning at 10:00. The Semifinals were held on September 12, at 17:25 and the A and B Finals were held on September 13 at 10:47.

</doc>
<doc id="19395556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395556" title="Hannah Friedman">
Hannah Friedman

Hannah Friedman (born September 29, 1986) is a writer, director, and musician from New York.
Biography.
Hannah Friedman is the elder of two children born to notable singer-songwriter Dean Friedman. Hannah's mother worked for a time training monkeys. While in this job, she adopted a capuchin monkey named Amelia, who has lived with the family for almost thirty years.
Friedman's high school career saw her first publication, a 2004 article in Newsweek Magazine called "When Your Friends Become The Enemy" about the difficulties of the college application process; to date, Friedman remains one of the youngest people to have been published in Newsweek.
Friedman then attended Yale University, graduating in 2008. She was a winner of the 2007 Yale Playwrights Festival for her play, "Spread It Thin".
In 2008, Friedman won the Procter & Gamble / New York Television Festival Flying Solo competition. Her original television pilot premiered at the NYTVF and on mylifetime.com and chronicled the writing process for her first book, "Everything Sucks", which was published in August 2009 by HCI Books.
"Everything Sucks".
Friedman's debut book, "Everything Sucks", was a teen memoir released by HCI Books in August 2009 that recounts the story of her adolescence. It begins with the story of the year when Friedman was in middle school that her family spent living on a tour bus traveling the United Kingdom as her father performed concerts around the country. It then describes her struggle to fit in when she returned to public school, which leads her parents to put her in private school instead. After enrolling at a prestigious boarding school, Friedman falls in with the popular crowd and finally begins to live the life of which she has always dreamed, only to find that it is not quite what she had imagined.
In interviews Friedman has described the book as the story of "sex, drugs, and SATs," including "a live monkey, a dead friend..., a national scandal, a diet disaster, and all the rest of that fantastic awkwardness that makes our teenage years so deliciously angst-ridden." She has indicated on several occasions that she wrote it to provide honest information about real-world problems facing teenagers everywhere, the kind of information that she says she wishes had been available to her when she was in high school.
Friedman's book has been well received, with an average customer rating of 4.5 out of 5 stars on Amazon.com. Further, the book was reviewed very positively on Salon.com, which concluded, "Not only is Friedman's writing striking for its blunt, unromantic realism; her prose also displays a self-aware wit that is all too rare in the genre."
Musical career.
Friedman maintains a popular account on YouTube under the user name "WritingHannah." Her videos often consist of original comedy songs, which Friedman typically sings while accompanying herself on the guitar; these videos have attracted thousands of subscribers and hundreds of thousands of views.
In October 2009, Friedman was asked to perform at the 35th Anniversary Celebration of the National Coalition Against Censorship, a charity benefit gala hosted by Judy Blume that also featured appearances by Whoopi Goldberg, Mary-Louise Parker, Joan Rivers, Rachel Dratch, Michelle Branch, and Junot Diaz. Friedman wrote and performed an original comedy song called "Party Like It's 1984."

</doc>
<doc id="19395577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395577" title="Pandorea pandorana">
Pandorea pandorana

Pandorea pandorana, commonly known as the Wonga Wonga Vine, is a species of woody climbing vine in the family Bignoniaceae. It is found in Australia, Malesia and the southwestern Pacific region. It forms large pointed pods filled with papery seeds. It is easy to germinate, having two-lobed dicotyledons. It is a popular garden plant, common cultivars include the yellow-flowered "P." 'Golden Showers', the white-flowered "P." 'Snowbells', and the pinkish "P." 'Ruby Belle'. The wood was used as in making spears for woomeras in the Central and Western deserts. 
Taxonomy.
The species was first described by English botanist Henry Charles Andrews in 1800 as "Bignonia pandorana", before being given its current binomial name in 1928 by Steenis. Both the generic and specific name are derived from Greek mythological figure Pandora. The Scottish botanist Robert Brown had described it as "Tecoma australis" but this name was ruled invalid. A form found in dryer inland regions was previously known as "P. doratoxylon".
The subspecies "austrocaledonica", known locally as Boat Vine, is known from New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Lord Howe Island.
Description.
"Pandorea pandorana" ranges in habit from a scrambling plant to a vigorous vine, growing on larger trees in forested habitats. It has glossy green leaves arranged oppositely along the stem. The pinnate leaves are around 8–16 cm (3–6.5 in) long and have 3–9 leaflets of varying widths. The juvenile leaves are finer and have serrated margins, and more finely divided into 7–13 leaflets. Flowering occurs in spring. The tubular or funnel-shaped flowers are highly variable in colour, ranging from cream-white or all-white to maroon-throated, burgundy or even yellow-orange. Flowering is followed in summer by 3–8 cm (1.4–3.4 in) long and 1–2 cm (0.4–0.8 in) wide oblong-shaped seed pods, which are initially bright green before turning brown and releasing numerous papery seeds around 1-1.5 cm (0.5 in) in diameter which are released in large quantities.
Distribution and habitat.
A highly variable species, it is found across continental Australia in every state. It is also found in Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, New Caledonia and Vanuatu. It is also found on Flinders Island in Bass Strait, but not on mainland Tasmania. In New Zealand the species has become naturalised within disturbed native vegetation near parks and gardens in which it is cultivated.
It occurs in many habitats, from rainforest, to dry sclerophyll forest, to dry scrub and rocky outcrops in arid regions. It can grow in either clay or sand-based soils.
Uses.
The highly flexible wood of "Pandorea pandorana" was the most sought-after for use in woomera-cast spears among the people of the Central and Western Deserts. Its versatility allowed short pieces to be spliced together if longer ones could not be found. Due to its cultural significance, a group of mythological women with slender and flexible bodies were named after it. 
Cultivation.
"Pandorea pandorana" was first raised in England in 1793 by Lee and Kennedy at their nursery in Hammersmith and had flowered in cultivation by 1805. Material was also sent to the garden of the Château de Malmaison under the auspices of Joséphine de Beauharnais. Its floral display makes it a popular and widely grown garden plant. It is an evergreen, half-hardy (hardy to about minus 5°C once established), twining plant with lovely foliage, particularly so on young plants when it is very finely cut and somewhat fern-like. It is suitable for indoor or outdoor planting. Pruning is necessary to control the quick growing plant, which can overwhelm other plants in a small garden. The plant prefers full-sun to partial shade. It has been argued that the more sun it receives, the more flowers will bloom as a result. The species may be propagated by fresh seed or semi hard wood tip cuttings.
The Nursery and Garden Industry in Australia promoted "P. pandorana" as a native alternative to the invasive garden climber Black-eyed Susan ("Thunbergia alata").
Cultivars.
Several different coloured varieties have become available in Australia and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19395600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395600" title="List of U.S. state constitutional provisions allowing self-representation in state courts">
List of U.S. state constitutional provisions allowing self-representation in state courts

Most U.S. states have a constitutional, statutory, judicial code, or court decision provision either expressly or by interpretation allowing self-representation in state courts.

</doc>
<doc id="19395604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395604" title="Miss Colombia 1993">
Miss Colombia 1993

Miss Colombia 1993, the 59th Miss Colombia pageant, was held in the Centro de Convenciones Cartagena de Indias, located in Cartagena de Indias, Bolívar Department, Colombia. 
Results.
The runners-up:

</doc>
<doc id="19395616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395616" title="Kim Petras">
Kim Petras

Kim Petras (born 27 August 1992) is a German singer/songwriter who creates electronic dance pop music and various covers in an a cappella style. She has been the subject of extensive worldwide news media reporting of her gender transition medical history in the context of her young age.
Early life.
Kim Petras was born Tim Petras on 27 August 1992. Her parents, Lutz and Konni, have said that from the age of two, she began insisting she was a girl. It became apparent this was "not just a phase," and her parents tried to be supportive but made her wear gender neutral clothes in public. Eventually her parents sought professional help but struggled to find people who were knowledgeable on the subject. In time they found Bernd Meyenburg at Frankfurt University who was head of a clinic for children and had studied transsexuality since the 1970s.
Music career.
In 2007, Petras recorded a few home videos of herself singing, and uploaded them onto the internet. Her videos, which included some of her own compositions, were seen by German music producer Fabian Görg. She was subsequently signed to the independent record label, Joyce Records.
In 2008, Petras released two more compositions, this time produced by Görg. The first, "Last Forever", was released online and became popular on YouTube and MySpace. A few months later in September 2008, she released her first commercially available CD single, "Fade Away", into the German market. The title track from the single was also made available for download worldwide via a number of online electronic music retailers.
On 17 April 2009, the previously free promotional track "Last Forever" was made available on iTunes Germany. She released her first extended play on 11 March 2011 titled "One Piece of Tape". In 2013, Petras was featured on the single "Flight To Paris" by Klaas.
Joyce Records has announced plans to release a debut album for which Petras is currently working on new songs.
Many other songs have been released to the public via YouTube, including many a cappella covers, alternate versions of her own material, and a couple new original songs.
Publicity.
In 2006, Petras, then aged 13, made her first significant media appearance in a story on "Stern TV", a German television current affairs show. In it, she described her gender transition and the medical treatment received at the Endokrinologikum (endocrinology center) in Hamburg by Achim Wüsthof. However, it wasn't until the following year, aged 14, that Petras gained worldwide attention from the news media. This came about after she appeared in a German television documentary, and a talk show, in a push to get permission for early gender reassignment surgery at age 16. According to German law, a person must normally be at least 18 to be allowed to undergo this kind of surgery.
The publicity generated from the 2007 TV appearances resulted in many news articles about her gender transition at age 12 and describing her as the "world's youngest transsexual". This assertion, however, is inaccurate, as gender identity disorder is often diagnosed in early childhood and transition by children under 12, though uncommon, is not unknown. However, Petras may have been one of the youngest people at that time to receive female hormone treatments.
In September 2007, she was a model for a nationwide chain of German hair salons.
Petras turned 16 in 2008, and announced in a November 2008 post on her blog that she had recently completed her gender reassignment surgery. The story hit the news media on 4 February 2009 and appeared in newspapers worldwide, even making the front page of some. A common theme of these articles is that Petras may be the youngest person in the world to have had gender reassignment surgery.
Petras is very adamant that her gender has always been female. In an interview about her surgery she stated "I was asked if I feel like a woman now - but the truth is I have always felt like a woman - I just ended up in the wrong body".

</doc>
<doc id="19395622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395622" title="Herman Tønnessen">
Herman Tønnessen

Herman Tønnessen (1918-2001) was a Norwegian-Canadian philosopher and writer. Having studied under Arne Næss, in the years following the end of World War II he was affiliated with the Norwegian Institute for Social Research. In 1957 he became a professor of philosophy at the University of California, USA, a position he held until 1961, when he relocated to the University of Alberta, Canada. His primary influences were the pessimistic ideals of German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer and Norwegian biosophist Peter Wessel Zapffe. In his essay "Happiness Is for the Pigs: Philosophy versus Psychotherapy" (1966), he formulated his attempt to "out-Zapffe Zapffe", in rejecting the former's metaphysical theory that life is meaningless, and as a response to Zapffe's claim stated that "life is not even meaningless". This idea is further elaborated in the book "I Choose Truth" ("Jeg velger sannheten" (1983)), a dialogue between Tønnessen and Zapffe in which they discuss the existential condition of humankind.

</doc>
<doc id="19395625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395625" title="Say OK">
Say OK

"Say OK" is the second single by American pop singer Vanessa Hudgens on her debut album "V", which was written by Arnthor Birgisson and Savan Kotecha.
Background.
At first, "Let Go" would have been the second single from the album, but this was replaced at the last minute for "Say OK". The song was released on the U.S. iTunes on January 12, 2007 and had an impact on U.S. radio two months later, on March 27. In New Zealand the song was released on May 26, 2007 and in Europe on May 28, 2007.
The song was included on the CD "Radio Disney Jams, Vol. 10", as well as the Family Jams CD Under Walt Disney Records. Vanessa released the song on the tour of and opening some shows on the tour the band The Cheetah Girls: The Party’s Just Begun Tour.
Composition.
"Say OK" was written by Arnthor Birgisson and Savan Kotecha. The song's lyrics talks about a girl seeking the assurance of affection with her boyfriend.
Music videos.
The first version premiered on Disney Channel on January 12, 2007, after the series premiere of "Cory in the House". It features Hudgens performing the song on the tour and also includes some behind-the-scenes footage shown in black-and-white. It was directed by Chris Applebaum, who directed her first music video, "Come Back to Me".
The second version was directed Darren Grant and features Hudgens, Zac Efron and some friends at a bowling alley playing a game of bowling. After they finish the game, they have dinner at the bowling alley. The video then shows Hudgens and Efron frolicking on a beach together and later, their friends arrive and join in on the fun. Solo shots of Hudgens both at the bowling alley and on the beach sitting on a swing are interspersed throughout the video, as of December 31, 2013 it has received over 140 million views on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="19395628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395628" title="Rogues gallery (disambiguation)">
Rogues gallery (disambiguation)

Rogues gallery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19395629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395629" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Louis County, Minnesota">
National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Louis County, Minnesota

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Saint Louis County, Minnesota. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in an online map.
There are 118 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including three National Historic Landmarks. A supplementary list includes two additional sites that were formerly on the National Register.
Many of Saint Louis County's listings are associated with the city of Duluth's role as the westernmost port on the Great Lakes, shared with Superior, Wisconsin. The iron ore of the Mesabi Range and the Vermilion Range led to the development of the cities of Chisholm, Hibbing, Virginia, and Ely. Three of the iron mines are National Historic Landmarks: Hull-Rust-Mahoning Open Pit Iron Mine, Mountain Iron Mine, and the underground Soudan Iron Mine.

</doc>
<doc id="19395636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395636" title="Anna Sophie of Anhalt">
Anna Sophie of Anhalt

Anna Sophie of Anhalt (15 June 1584 – 9 June 1652) was by birth a member of the House of Ascania and princess of Anhalt. After her marriage, she became Countess of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt.
Anna Sophie was born in Dessau, the eighth and youngest daughter of Joachim Ernest, Prince of Anhalt, but fourth-born daughter of his second wife Eleonore, daughter of Christoph, Duke of Württemberg.
Life.
In Rudolstadt on 13 June 1613 she married Charles Günther, Count of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt. Their union was childless.
Anna Sophie was considered as one of the most educated women of her time. After the death of her husband in 1630 she moved her residence to Kranichfeld and founded there a society that admitted only women, following the example of her brother Louis of Anhalt-Köthen, who was one of the co-founders of the Fruitbearing Society. At the same time, she took the famous educational reformer Wolfgang Ratke under her protection.
Anna Sophie died in Oberkranichfeld.

</doc>
<doc id="19395640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395640" title="New South Wales Z26 class locomotive">
New South Wales Z26 class locomotive

The 26 class (formally I.17 class) was a class of steam locomotives built by Dübs and Company for the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
History.
Dübs and Company were contracted to supply 20 large mineral tank locomotives, the design of which included the fitting of a Webb radial axle at the bunker end. The locomotives were delivered in the early months of 1892.
Originally intended for assisting freight trains over the Blue Mountains line, they were found unsatisfactory due to insufficient water capacity and inflexibility around tight curves. Several were sent to Waterfall for working coal and blue metal trains. Shunting at Darling Harbour and Alexandria goods yards was the duty of the remainder of those based in Sydney. Others were stationed at the old Hamilton locomotive depot for working trains from the interchange with the South Maitland Railway at East Greta to Newcastle.
Although replaced in 1905 by larger locomotives between Waterfall and Sydney, they continued to haul coal hopper wagons to Waterfall and, additionally were used to assist northbound trains through Otford Tunnel. At holiday times, some of these locomotives were transferred to working picnic trains to The National Park.
During the 1920s most of the class was withdrawn. After several years out of use, were returned to traffic as shunters, particularly at western centres such as Lithgow, Bathurst and Orange. Several were sent to Albury to assist at this busy break-of-gauge station and others to Port Kembla.
From 1942 until 1956 two of the class were engaged in shunting carriages at Sydney Central Station. They were removed when overhead wiring was installed as using the water columns was a hazard owing to the location of the inlet.
The first was withdrawn in September 1956 with only nine remaining by 1961. The final two representatives of the class in service were 2604 and 2606, which were to be found at Bathurst until 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19395642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395642" title="Cauld wind pipes">
Cauld wind pipes

Cauld wind pipes is a Scottish term referring to any Scottish bagpipe that is bellows-blown rather than blown with the mouth. Such pipes include:

</doc>
<doc id="19395658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395658" title="Bastian Schulz">
Bastian Schulz

Bastian Schulz (born 10 July 1985 in Hanover) is a German footballer who currently plays for VfL Wolfsburg II.
Career.
Schulz began his career with Hannover 96 in summer 1997 on youthside and was promoted to the first team in June 2008.
On 20 June 2009, he announced his departure from Hannover 96 after twelve years and signed a three year contract with 1. FC Kaiserslautern. After two seasons with Kaiserslautern, Schulz left the Bundesliga and joined RB Leipzig.

</doc>
<doc id="19395693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395693" title="Three Tickets to Lani">
Three Tickets to Lani

"Three Tickets to Lani" is an episode of the American television detective series "Hawaiian Eye".
Synopsis.
Jack Ferris and his mate Kala throw the body of a middle-aged man named Rennie off a power yacht. They murdered him in a badger game scenario gone bad. When Hawaiian Eye is commissioned by Stu Bailey to find Rennie, they stumble on the gang's next victim, Martin Fawcett. He is being enticed by Anita Callaghan, who poses as the sister of Jack Ferris and works in his travel agency. They offer their marks a "ticket to Lani" (the Hawaiian word for paradise), but instead knock them unconscious and leave them on the beach.
Tracey Steele finds the boat used by Ferris, also called "Lani", while Tom Lopaka discovers their bungalow. Frightened by Lopaka's appearance, Ferris and Kala force Fawcett to accompany them and Anita on a quick sea voyage. Steele hides aboard the yacht and gets the drop on the villains while Lopaka and Kim summon the Coast Guard.
Musical interlude.
All the Warner Brothers detective shows of the late 1950s and early 1960s had one or more musical interludes written into the teleplay. For this episode, Poncie Ponce sang "Your Lips Tell Me No-No" with his own ukelele accompaniment.
Episode notes.
This episode featured a prequel before the opening credits, instead of the usual preview of a later scene.
Recurring characters Lt Quon and doorman Bert are mentioned but not seen, as is "77 Sunset Strip" tie-in character Stu Bailey.

</doc>
<doc id="19395694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395694" title="List of sites and peoples visited by the Hernando de Soto Expedition">
List of sites and peoples visited by the Hernando de Soto Expedition

This is a list of sites and peoples visited by the Hernando de Soto Expedition in the years 1539–1543. In May 1539, de Soto left Havana, Cuba, with nine ships, over 620 men and 220 surviving horses and landed at Charlotte Harbor, Florida. This began his three-year odyssey through the Southeastern North American continent, from which de Soto and a large portion of his men would not return. They met many varied Native American groups, most of them belonging to the widespread Mississippian culture. Only a few of these cultures survived into the seventeenth century. The others' only appearance in the written historical record was in the accounts of de Soto's expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="19395695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395695" title="Kanakides">
Kanakides

Kanakides is a small deserted village on the east coast of Aegina Island in Greece.
The village was named after the family (Kanakis) that once lived there. It was probably established sometime in the Middle Ages. 
The geographical location was chosen in order to avoid pirate raids since it cannot be seen from the sea. The last inhabitants moved out in the 1970s. Today all that remains are the ruins of a few stone houses. The village can be reached by either foot or car, and offers spectacular views of the east side of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="19395700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395700" title="National Zoological Park Delhi">
National Zoological Park Delhi

The National Zoological Park (originally Delhi Zoo) is a zoo near the Old Fort in Delhi, India. A 16th-century citadel, a sprawling green island and a motley collection of animals and birds, all in the middle of a burgeoning urbane Delhi. The zoo is home to about 1350 animals representing almost 130 species of animals and birds from around the world.
The zoo can be seen on foot or using a battery-operated vehicle which can be rented at the zoo. Visitors are not permitted to bring any food other than drinking water, but there is a canteen in the zoo.
History.
The delhi zoo came decades later after the New delhi was built. although the idea to have a zoo at the national capital was mooted in 1951, the park was inaugurated in November 1959.
In 1952 the Indian Board for Wildlife created a committee to look into creating a zoo for Delhi. The government of India was to develop the zoo and then turn it over to Delhi as a working enterprise. In 1953 the committee approved the location of the zoo, and in October 1955 it assigned N. D. Bachkheti of the Indian Forest Service to oversee the creation of the zoo.
Initially Major Aubrey Weinman of the Ceylon Zoological Garden (now the National Zoological Gardens of Sri Lanka) was asked to help draw the plans for the zoo, but because he was not available for the long term, Carl Hagenbeck of the Zoological Garden of Hamburg was hired. In March 1956, Hagenbeck presented a preliminary plan, which included the recommendation to use moated enclosures for the new zoo. The plan was modified as needed to account for local conditions, and approved by the Indian government in December 1956.
By the end of 1959, the Northern part of the zoo was complete, and animals which had been arriving for some time and which had been housed in temporary pens were moved into their permanent homes. The park was opened on 1 November 1959 as the Delhi Zoo. In 1982 it was officially renamed to National Zoological Park, with hopes that it could become a model for other zoos in the country.
Exhibits.
Going to the right from the entrance brings visitors to the enclosures for animals including chimpanzee, hippopotamus, spider monkey, African wild buffalo, Giraffes, Gir lion, and Zebras. Going to the left, visitors will see animals including migratory birds like peafowl, and well as hyenas, macaques, and jaguars in the swamps that were designed for water birds. In the center of the zoo is the underground reptile house.
Conservation breeding.
The zoo is part of conservation breeding programs of the Central Zoo Authority for the royal Bengal tiger, Indian rhinoceros, swamp deer, Asiatic lion, brow antlered deer, and red jungle fowl.
The breeding program for the brow antlered deer has been so successful, starting with a pair of these deer in 1962, that individuals from the herd have been distributed to zoos in Ahmedabad, Kanpur, Lucknow, Hyderabad, Junagarh, and Mysore, and have acclimated well to all of these locations.

</doc>
<doc id="19395707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395707" title="Suzi Quatro (album)">
Suzi Quatro (album)

Suzi Quatro is Suzi Quatro's 1973 debut album. The title of the album in Australia is Can the Can.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Suzi Quatro and Len Tuckey; except where indicated
Personnel.
Source: Suzi Quatro's "Suzi Quatro" album cover

</doc>
<doc id="19395715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395715" title="Seishu">
Seishu

Seishu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19395720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395720" title="Richard Kunin">
Richard Kunin

Richard A. Kunin (pronounced "Kun"-yin; born 1932), (born 1932) is an American physician specializing in orthomolecular medicine. Kunin has written books and articles on nutrition and orthomolecular medicine. He was a co-founder of the Orthomolecular Medical Society with Dr. Linus Pauling in 1976. Along with Richard Huemer, MD, he heads the Society for Orthomolecular Health-Medicine (OHM), which conducts an annual conference on nutrition science in San Francisco, California.
Early life and education.
Kunin, at age 21, received his MD degree in 1955 from the University of Minnesota and completed psychiatric residency training in 1959 at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital's Payne Whitney Psychiatric Clinic. Kunin was a National Institute of Health special fellow in neurophysiology at Stanford University.
Career.
After completing his psychiatric residency, Kunin served for two years
in the United States Army Medical Corps. Kunin is a diplomate in psychiatry, and has been an instructor at the Cornell University School of Medicine and the College of Osteopathic Medicine of the Pacific.[http://books.google.com/books?id=KQxzJ-Hg15gC&pg=PA189&lpg=PA189&dq=%22Richard+Kunin%22&source=web&ots=VTsR8Rrz4q&sig=bRq6487f2xHESoA8k7-AKpuhVoY&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=10&ct=result#PPA192,M1]
He is a member of the board of directors of the National Health Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="19395726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395726" title="I Gotta Be Me">
I Gotta Be Me

I Gotta Be Me is a Dancehall album that was the first and only album by the late hip-hop producer Johnny "J" on Shade Tree Records, with distribution by Solar Records by way of their recently formed independent label distribution unit, The J. Hines Company. 
"I Gotta Be Me" was an album that explored Johnny J's lyrical skills and abilities as well as his experiences in life, love, sex, relationships, and music, and was also the first appearance of the gangsta-themed female Hip-Hop/R&B quartet Y?N-Vee, who soon after recorded with Johnny J's friend 2Pac and his affiliate group, Thug Life, and released their one and only album for PMP Records, the same label that launched the career of R&B star Montell Jordan a year later. "I Gotta Be Me" spawned two singles -- "Get Away From Me" and the Bass rap cut, "Diggin Um' Out".
The musical backing track of the song "Better Off" was later recycled into the tune "Picture Me Rollin'" by Tupac for his album "All Eyez On Me" in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19395737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395737" title="Clásico del Astillero">
Clásico del Astillero

The Clásico del Astillero (English: "The Shipyard Derby") also known as the ""El Clásico Ecuatoriano"" (English: "The Ecuadorian Classic") is the most important and historic football rivalry in Ecuador between Barcelona & Emelec, both from Guayaquil, the largest and the most populous city in Ecuador, with about 2.3 million inhabitants in the city and nearly 3.1 million in the metropolitan area, as well as that nation's main port. This derby is also called ""El partido inmortal del fútbol Ecuatoriano"" (English: "The immortal Ecuadorian football game").
Origins and background.
"El Clásico del Astillero" is a match played against Barcelona's old rival Emelec. It was not until 22 August 1943 that the two sides faced each other for the first time, in a Guayaquil League match. Sporting their distinctive yellow jerseys, Los Canarios defeated El Eléctrico 4-3, with Pedro Villalta scoring a late winner for Barcelona. It was a match that would forever be remembered as The Derby of the Posts, due to the number of times that the Emelec forwards struck the woodwork.
In 1948, the local derby received a name of its own in a preview in the newspaper El Universo, becoming known forever more as "El Clásico del Astillero" (The Shipyard Derby).
In 1990 proved to be a very special year in the history of "El Clásico del Astillero", with the two sides facing off in a Copa Libertadores quarter-final second leg on 29 August. Barcelona advanced to the semis after a 1-0 win.
The game remains one of the most important matches in Ecuador and is recognized by FIFA as one of the fiercest football rivalries in the world.
Accidents.
Sur Oscura destroys George Capwell stadium.
On April 30, 2006 the second Clásico del Astillero of the year was played. Emelec was leading comfortably 3-0 over Barcelona. When the second half began, the fans of Barcelona, the Sur oscura ("Dark south") began rioting in the stadium and in the San Martin stand, where they were situated. First, they started throwing objects onto the field; one struck a linesman, who was injured. Then, they started to take a billboard and break the meshes. The hooligans broke into the radio broadcast booths and looted the private property of the media, causing a scandal that had never been seen before. Some people, who had been seated near the Sur oscura, ran onto the field in fear, to avoid the turmoil of the crowd. There were about 40 injured and nine arrested.
Death of an innocent child.
On September 16, 2007, Carlos Cedeño Veliz, an 11-year-old Emelec fan, died after being hit by a flare before the start of the Clásico del Astillero. The child was born in San Vicente, Manabi province and was with family in one of the suites at the Estadio Monumental Isidro Romero Carbo. When Cedeño was hit, the object came from the southern general stands, the location where the fans of Barcelona, the Sur oscura ("Dark south") were situated. About 20 minutes prior to the start of the game, the Sur oscura fired a flare that hit the child's body. The flare smashed into Cedeño's chest, affecting his lungs and part of the heart.
The game was not suspended and in the first 10 minutes, Jorge Ladines scored for Emelec. The final score was 1-0 in favor of Emelec.
On film.
The rivalries between these two teams was immense in Ecuador and international that it caught the eye of international filmmaker Filmadora Panamericana and in 1973 a movie was made titled "El derecho de los pobres", starting Spanish-Mexican actor Enrique Rambal, Mexican actor Enrique Rocha and Ecuadorian footballer Alberto Spencer, proclaim the best Ecuadorian soccer player of all times, makes his cinema debut.
Statistics.
" As of the last game played (Nov 4, 2012)."
"(*) Number is for officially sanctioned professional matches by Asociación de Fútbol del Guayas, Federación Ecuatoriana de Fútbol, & CONMEBOL. Unofficial matches (friendlies, amateur, etc.) have been played."
Special Clasicos: Emelec beat Barcelona in the Clasico played for finals of the official inauguration tournament organized by Barcelona when the Estadio Monumental was opened in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19395739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395739" title="Ulrich Heyse">
Ulrich Heyse

Ulrich Heyse (20 September 1906 in Berlin-Friedenau – 19 November 1970 in Flensburg) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of Ulrich Heyse is credited with the sinking of 12 ships for a total of of merchant shipping.

</doc>
<doc id="19395749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395749" title="Christopher Jamison">
Christopher Jamison

Christopher Jamison OSB is a Benedictine monk and former Abbot of Worth Abbey in West Sussex, England. He became well-known through the BBC TV series The Monastery.
Early life.
Jamison was born in Melbourne, Australia, in 1951 as one of four siblings whose family moved to Buckinghamshire, England while he was a child. He went on to study at Downside School and later Oxford University where he attained a Bachelor's degree in French and Spanish.
Work.
Jamison came into wider public awareness after his appearance in the BBC Two television documentary, "The Monastery". The series charted the trials and tribulations of six men of varying levels of belief over a period of forty days and nights as they attempt the follow the monastic life. He also made the TV documentary "The Big Silence" in 2010, which follows several ordinary people as they explore the value and challenge of silent meditation.
Jamison has written two books: "Finding Sanctuary: Monastic steps for Everyday Life" and "" as well as contributing to many others. He is also the president of the International Conference on Benedictine Education (ICBE) which facilitates dialogue between Benedictine secondary schools across the world.
Fr Christopher currently works as the Director for the National Office of Vocation.
On BBC Radio 4 Any Questions Broadcast 10 and 11 August 2012, Christopher Jamison stated that he used to be the head teacher of Worth School in West Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="19395751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395751" title="Jahana Noboru">
Jahana Noboru

Life and career.
Jahana Noboru was born in 1865 into a farming family in Kochinda "magiri" on Okinawa. In 1882, he traveled to Tokyo to study, one of five to be the first to be funded by Okinawa Prefecture to do so, attending Gakushūin and Tokyo University.　The first Okinawan university graduate, he was hired into the prefectural government as an engineer of agriculture and forestry. In this role, he set forth to revise various strict and oppressive agricultural policies, including regulations related to sugar production, and wrote a book on the matter, . He also helped establish the , and was involved in forestry and other related projects. However, he opposed the governor of the prefecture, Narahara Shigeru, on various aspects of policies related to the sales of public land and the bringing of new land under cultivation, and resigned from employment at the prefectural office.
Returning to Tokyo, Jahana joined with Tōyama Kyūzō and gathered together other commoners of a like mind, forming the "Okinawa Club" and beginning a suffrage movement. He published a treatise on his positions entitled . The movement was opposed by the governor, prefectural government, and various former officials, who strongly pressured the organization, and eventually forced it to break up. This setback drove Jahana mad, and he died at age 44.

</doc>
<doc id="19395762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395762" title="Nils Fischer">
Nils Fischer

Nils Fischer (born 14 February 1987 in Bielefeld) is a German footballer who plays as a right back for 1. FC Saarbrücken.

</doc>
<doc id="19395770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395770" title="Dawn Gibbons">
Dawn Gibbons

Dawn Gibbons (born March 9, 1954) is an American politician from Nevada. She is known for being the wife of Governor Jim Gibbons, although they were divorced on July 21, 2010.
Early and personal life.
Dawn Gibbons was born in Atlanta, Georgia and moved to Nevada at the age of 20. She graduated from the University of Nevada, Reno with a bachelor's degree in geological studies. Following graduation, she owned and operated two wedding chapels in Reno, Nevada. During this period, she met her future husband, Jim Gibbons, then a Delta Air Lines pilot. They married in 1986. Together they have one child, Jimmy, now serving in the United States Navy and currently at Whiting Field in flight training.
Political career.
In 1991, Dawn Gibbons was appointed to the Nevada Assembly, filling a vacancy created when her husband resigned his seat in order to serve in the Persian Gulf War. She resigned from the state legislature in April 1991, allowing her husband to reclaim his seat. Following her husband's reappointment to the seat, she resumed her career in business until 1998, when she was elected to the Nevada Assembly, serving from 1999 to 2005. During the 2006 election season, she was defeated in the Republican Party primary to succeed her husband in the U.S. House of Representatives, finishing in third place behind Nevada Secretary of State Dean Heller, the eventual winner of both the primary and the general elections, and State Assemblywoman Sharron Angle. In that same election cycle, her husband won both the Republican primary and the general election to become Governor of Nevada.
Divorce.
On May 2, 2008, the governor filed for divorce on grounds of incompatibility, citing an undisclosed incident in Reno, and asked the court to determine whether he or his wife would live at the Nevada Governor's Mansion in Carson City. 
On July 21, 2010, the divorce became final.
Subsequent career.
Gibbons debuted her talk radio show, "The Dawn Gibbons Show", on Fox News on March 30, 2010, with Nevada Assembly Republican Minority Leader Heidi Gansert and U.S. Senator Harry Reid as her first guests. Gibbons endorsed Reid in his re-election bid, saying he "was the only one to call to see how I was filing for divorce. The only elected official to do that. He's a gift from God."
Gibbons is the Senior Vice President of Intermountain West Communications Company, and was a radio talk show host for Fox News, and co-hosted the Dawn & Jim Show and the Dawn & Rory Show.
In February, 2013, she announced her engagement to Jim Hooban, President of the Independent Nevada Doctors Exchange. 

</doc>
<doc id="19395772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395772" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T12">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T12

The Men's 200m T12 had its first round held on September 14, beginning at 9:05. The Semifinals were held on September 15, at 10:38 and the A and B Finals were held on September 16 at 9:57.

</doc>
<doc id="19395785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395785" title="Jason Reeves (songwriter)">
Jason Reeves (songwriter)

Jason Reeves (born 1 July 1984) is an American singer-songwriter and musician.  He grew up in Iowa City, Iowa before locating to California in 2005, where he began a long-standing working relationship with producer Mikal Blue and singer Colbie Caillat. He co-wrote many songs with Caillat, most notably the songs "Bubbly", "Realize" and "I Never Told You".  "Bubbly" has been Reeves most successful work to date, hitting #1 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary charts, #5 on the Hot 100 and being certified Platinum (along with "Realize") by the RIAA. He has won awards from ASCAP.
Reeves works as a solo artist and also as a co-writer with other artists, including Australian artist Lenka, with whom he wrote the "The Show". He self-released four albums and an EP before he signed to major label Warner Bros. Records in 2008 with the help of Kara DioGuardi and released an album and an EP with the label.  He again self-released an album in 2011 with "The Lovesick". His work has led to being named one of the Top Indie Singer-Songwriters by iTunes in 2007 and a No. 1 Folk Artist by Myspace.
Early life.
Jason Reeves was born on 1 July 1984 in Arlington, Texas and relocated to Iowa City, Iowa when he was around 3 years old with his father, a worker at Maytag/Whirlpool, and his mother, a food stylist/ice skating teacher.  When Reeves was five years old his mother started him on piano lessons, lessons that he continued for five years before quitting.  After the piano, he began to take drum lessons for a few years, before eventually settling on the guitar at 17 and teaching himself how to play.  Around this time he began listening to artists such as Bob Dylan, Led Zeppelin and James Taylor, which he'd later cite as personal influences.
Attending Iowa City High School, Reeves was involved with various choirs and vocal groups, even touring Europe with the Midwest Honor Choir in 2002.  During this time he also performed in a band with friends and recorded his own full-length album with a local community music program.
Music career.
Early career in Iowa.
Reeves began to get into musical recording at the end of high school, with his first CD being a self-produced album with a run of about 200 copies.  After graduating high school, he went on to attend college at the nearby University of Iowa but quickly dropped out due to a lack of interest.  He continued on with music, playing at local venues and bars.  For the next two years he continued to play around Iowa City and self-released two albums with a local producer, Ken Heaton.  These two albums, "Makeshift Aircraft" (2003) and "Nervous Mind of Love" (2004), were sold at his shows as well as on independent, online music seller cdbaby.com.
Around late 2004/early 2005 he was contacted by California producer Mikal Blue who was interested in working together.  Blue became aware of Reeves through his own manager, Anna Rambeau, who herself became aware of Reeves through cdbaby.com.  Blue offered to have Reeves come out to his California studio, Revolver, to record some tracks together.  Reeves accepted and flew out to Los Angeles, California, with the intention of recording and coming back to Iowa.
Mikal Blue and Colbie Caillat.
Reeves arrived in California around February 2005 and met with Blue to begin recording songs. Shortly after arriving, Blue introduced Reeves to a young female singer he was working with, Colbie Caillat. Caillat and Reeves formed a quick friendship and Caillat's family invited Reeves to stay with them during his recordings with Blue. This eventually became Reeve's home as he decided to stay in California and not return to Iowa.
Caillat and Reeves began a working partnership, hanging out and co-writing many songs together and playing local venues. Caillat also introduced Reeves to the social networking site Myspace, using the site to release music they wrote. After the release of the Blue-produced EP "Hearts Are Magnets" in 2006, Caillat and Reeves kept composing and posting songs to Myspace.
"Coco" and "The Magnificent Adventures of Heartache".
Caillat was gaining traction and attention with her music on Myspace, leading her to be declared the No. 1 unsigned artist on the site.  This attention and the popularity of the Myspace-hosted song "Bubbly" lead to a record deal for Caillat with Universal Republic Records.  Using the material that Caillat had worked on with Reeves, Caillat released her debut album Coco in 2007.  The Mikal Blue-produced album featured 10 song co-written with Reeves.  The lead single from the album, the Reeve's co-write "Bubbly", was a commercial success, reaching up to the top 5 on the Billboard charts.  The song "Realize", which featured vocals by Reeves, also performed well on the charts.  Reeves and Caillat would eventually win three ASCAP awards for these two songs.
Reeves continued to work on his own music as well, and in 2007 self-released the album "The Magnificent Adventures of Heartache (And Other Frightening Tales...)", which was again produced by Mikal Blue, as well two tracks produced by Lenka producer Stuart Brawley.  The album had modest success on iTunes, debuting at #2 on the folk charts and went to being named one of the top indie albums of the year on iTunes. He also had popularity as an artist on Myspace, being named the site's #1 unsigned folk artist for nine months.
Kara DioGuardi and Warner Bros. Records.
In 2007/2008, Reeves was playing many shows around Los Angeles and had residencies at places like the Hotel Café.  Kara DioGuardi became aware of Jason Reeves after the release of his album "The Magnificent Adventures of Heartache" and listened to the CD during a long car trip in Maine.  As the vice president of A&R at Warner Bros. Records, she contacted Reeves and brought him to then-president Tom Whalley who signed Reeves to the label.  DioGuardi and Reeves would end up working together on music, most notably co-writing the song "Terrified" which they would perform together on YouTube and Lopez Tonight.  The song was later covered by Didi Benami on the ninth season of American Idol and Katharine McPhee for her sophomore album Unbroken and featured vocals from Reeves.
Now signed to major label, Reeves' recently completed album, "The Magnificent Adventures of Heartache", was re-released under the Warner Bros. Records label in 2008 with four remixed tracks.  Songs from that and previous albums would also be featured on TV shows such as "Army Wives" and "One Tree Hill" around this time.  Reeves also began touring nationally to support "The Magnificent Adventures of Heartache" with musician Tyrone Wells and others.
Reeves began work on an EP and also doing co-writing sessions with Colbie Caillat for her second album, Breakthrough, as well as writing sessions with other artists.  He did more frequent bouts of touring, including a May 2009 Vespa-sponsored "green tour" with Brendan James and Amber Rubarth during which they toured the California Coast on Vespa scooters while focusing on environmental friendliness.  Near the end of 2009, Reeve's EP "Patience for the Waiting" was released by Warner Bros. Records.
"The Lovesick" and "Caged Birds Set Free".
Reeves had completed material for a new album, "The Lovesick", with producer Adam B Smith in Nashville, in early 2010 but the album was put on hold during the transition at Warner. Bros Records when CEO Tom Whalley stepped down in September 2010.  The album featured collaborations with Kara DiaGuardi and Colbie Caillat. Warner Bros. Records eventually released a track from the album, "Helium Hearts", as a single in July 2010.  With the single, a music video was also released. Months passed and Reeves was dropped from Warner Bros. Records following the aftermath of Tom Whalley leaving, but was allowed to keep his master tapes.  He self-released the album "The Lovesick" in August 2011, a whole year after the initial single was released and nearly four years since his last full-length album.
On 15 November 2011, Reeves released another EP, "Caged Birds Set Free", which hailed back to acoustic styles from "The Magnificent Adventures of Heartache". The EP features a re-recording of "Wishing Weed" featuring Colbie Caillat and a song featuring Kara DioGuardi, "New York In Wintertime".
Reeves also continues to work as a co-writer, writing songs for such artists as Lenka, Angel Taylor, Demi Lovato, The JaneDear Girls and the Japanese group Kimaguren. The song "The Show" that Reeves co-wrote with artist Lenka did well, being used in advertisements for Old Navy and Ugly Betty. "The Show" was also featured in the films "Moneyball" and "Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging".
"Songs Are Silent Films".
Reeves released his new full-length album called "Songs Are Silent Films" on 12 June, later than expected, on all digital retailers. He again worked with Nashville Producer, Adam Smith, on many of the tracks. Through pledgemusic.com, Jason asked fans to pledge to support the production of his new album, after being dropped by the Major Label. Pledgers get access to updates about the album as well as some of the songs to be released on the album.
“There’s a little bit of everything on it,” Reeves said about the new record. “It goes from really stripped-down acoustic to full band. There’s a couple things on there that I’ve never tried before, but for the most part it’s a return to the way I have been doing it all along — just the acoustic, organic feel.”
The first song from the album is called "Back With Me" and was released on 27 March along with a video on YouTube, which was directed by Reeves.
The second promotional released song from "Songs Are Silent Films" is "You're My Best Friend" and was released on 17 April.
The first official single is called "More In Love With You" and features Nelly Joy, who formerly recorded under her real name Danelle Leverett as one-half of the JaneDear girls.
Personal life.
Reeves is mainly interested in the arts and besides music is into writing, photography and illustration.  He has done the artwork for his own albums and is passionate about taking photos.  After years of living in Los Angeles, Reeves currently resides in Nashville, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="19395800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395800" title="HD 126009">
HD 126009

HD 126009 or CI Boötis is a variable star in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19395804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395804" title="Île-Bigras (AMT)">
Île-Bigras (AMT)

Île-Bigras is a commuter rail station on the AMT Deux-Montagnes line in the Greater Montreal, Quebec, Canada area.
Connecting bus routes.
There are no Société de transport de Laval (STL) bus routes on Île Bigras so most people wanting to use public transit on this small island take the Deux-Montagnes Line to commute to Central Station or other stations on Montreal Island or walk across the bridge to connect with the nearby bus routes on chemin du Bord-de-l'Eau (26, 402, 404 and 903) if they wish to travel within Laval.

</doc>
<doc id="19395812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395812" title="Disputationes">
Disputationes

Disputationes (full title: Disputationes de Controversiis Christianae Fidei adversus hujus temporis Haereticos, also referred to as De Controversiis) is a work on dogmatics by Robert Bellarmine. It has been described as "the definitive defence of papal power". After its publication, Bellarmine was regarded as Rome's foremost apologist on doctrine and papal power.
It was written while Bellarmine was lecturing at the Roman College, and was first published at Ingolstadt in three volumes (1581, 1582, 1593) or four. This work was the earliest attempt to systematize the various controversies of the time, and made an immense impression throughout Europe, the strength of its arguments against Protestantism so acutely felt in Germany and England that special chairs were founded in order to provide replies to it. Thomas Hobbes, Theodore Beza and John Rainolds were among those who wrote counter-arguments against the work.
The first volume treats of the Word of God, of Christ, and of the pope; the second of the authority of ecumenical councils, and of the Church, whether militant, suffering, or triumphant; the third of the sacraments; and the fourth of Divine grace, free will, justification, and good works.
As much as Protestants disliked Bellarmine's theories, he was in fact moderate in his defence of papal power. In 1590, Pope Sixtus V had, or very nearly had, the first volume placed on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum for denying temporal hegemony to the papacy. Bellarmine's reasoning was that though the pope is the vicar of Christ, since Christ did not "exercise" his temporal power, nor may the pope.
The most important part of the work is contained in the five books regarding the pope. In these, after a speculative introduction on forms of government in general, holding monarchy to be relatively the best, Bellarmine says that a monarchical government and the related temporal power are necessary for the Church, to preserve unity and order in it.
Such power Bellarmine considers to have been established by the commission of Christ to St. Peter. He then proceeds to demonstrate that this power has been transmitted to the successors of Peter, admitting that a heretical pope may be freely judged and deposed by the Church since by the very fact of his heresy he would cease to be pope, or even a member of the Church.
The third section discusses the Antichrist. Bellarmine gives in full the theory set forth by the Church Fathers, of a personal Antichrist to come just before the end of the world and to be accepted by the Jews and enthroned in the Temple in Jerusalem—thus endeavoring to dispose of the Protestant exposition which saw in the pope the Antichrist.
The fourth section sets forth the pope as the supreme judge in matters of faith and morals, though making the concessions that the pope may err in questions of fact which may be known by ordinary human knowledge, and also when he speaks as a mere unofficial theologian. Bellarmine took in particular the example of Pope Honorius I, who had been anathemized by the Third Council of Constantinople as holding to monothelitism. He claimed that although monothelitism had been rightly condemned, Honorius was however orthodox as he had not really held these views, and that papal authority did not extend itself to the factual interpretation of what was to be found in Honorius or not.

</doc>
<doc id="19395815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395815" title="2008 Petit Le Mans">
2008 Petit Le Mans

The 2008 Petit Le Mans powered by the Totally New Mazda6 was the eleventh running of the Petit Le Mans and the tenth round of the 2008 American Le Mans Series season. It took place at Road Atlanta in Braselton, Georgia, United States of America on October 4, 2008. This race marked the first time that the American Le Mans Series awarded victors in their Green Challenge, in preparation for a full championship in the 2009 season.
Report.
Qualifying.
On Friday afternoon before Saturday's race, qualifying was held in two 25-minute sessions. The two GT categories ran first, led by the lone GT1 entries of Corvette Racing. Halfway through the session, it was Johnny O'Connell's #3 Corvette which achieved the fastest time before the squad ended the session early. In GT2, much of the battle was between the various Porsche and Ferrari teams. The Porsche of Farnbacher-Loles and the Ferrari of European entrant JMB Racing led early, but Jaime Melo in the Risi Competizione was able to give Ferrari the pole position by a margin of 0.057 seconds. Marc Goossens' LG Motorsports Chevrolet Corvette was the fastest qualifier not in a Ferrari or Porsche, completing the session in seventh.
After a short break, the two Le Mans Prototype classes began their qualification session. After six minutes, Allan McNish in the Audi R10 TDI claimed overall pole position. Although Peugeot closed the gap on the Audi, McNish eventually returned to the pits to end his session. As McNish exited the car, Stéphane Sarrazin was able to better the Audi's time by 0.085 seconds and claim overall pole position for the race. In the LMP2 category, returning Penske Porsche driver Ryan Briscoe led the class early. He was eventually joined by his two Penske teammates, giving the team a lock on the top three qualifying positions in the class. Andretti Green Racing's Acura followed the Porsche trio.
Previous qualifying records for all four classes were broken in these two sessions. The top six overall qualifiers, the Peugeot, two Audis, and three Penske Porsches were also able to break an absolute track qualifying record initially set by Davy Jones in a Jaguar XJR-9 in 1992. Sarrazin's Peugeot bettered the Jaguar's record lap by approximately in average speed.
Qualifying result.
Pole position winners in each class are marked in bold.
† - The #73 Tafel Racing was penalized due to a rule infraction during a pit stop in qualifying. The car was therefore moved to the back of the starting grid.
Race.
Just twenty minutes short of the ten hour limit, the #1 Audi of Allan McNish completed the endurance just 4.5 seconds ahead of the #07 Peugeot of Christian Klien. The second Audi finished the overall podium, also on the lead lap. In LMP2, rookie Petit Le Mans entrant Hélio Castroneves led the trio of Penske Porsches past the checkered flag, locking out the podium. Porsches finished in five of the top six positions in the LMP2 class, joined only by the de Ferran Acura in fifth.
After earlier mechanical problems with the #4 Corvette, its #3 teammate led to victory in the GT1 class unchallenged. The GT2 class was won by a Ferrari for the first time in the event's history, the #62 car of Risi Competizione leading the marque. It was followed by several seconds by the championship-leading Flying Lizard Porsche.
In the first ever Green Challenge, Penske Racing and Corvette Racing won in their respective categories. The #6 car was the most efficient of the LMP cars, while the already victorious #3 Corvette was also the most efficient amongst GTs.
Race result.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 70% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="19395821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395821" title="Stoel Rives">
Stoel Rives

Stoel Rives LLP is a U.S. business law firm with 12 office locations in seven U.S. states and Washington, D.C. Headquartered in Portland, Oregon in the Standard Insurance Center, it is the 117th largest law firm in the United States, making it the largest law firm in the state of Oregon, and one of the largest in the Northwestern United States.
With 391 attorneys and a total staff of 856 as of 2010. Stoel Rives is considered a leader in corporate, energy, environmental, intellectual property, labor and employment, land use and construction, litigation, natural resources and renewable energy law. Representative clients include financial institutions, public and private utilities, energy and renewable energy companies, developers, manufacturers, retailers, hospitals, universities, agribusiness, telecommunications and software companies, and charitable foundations. The firm represents business at all stages of growth, from start-ups to internationally known public companies.
History.
Stoel Rives traces its lineage back to the Portland-based firm of Davies, Biggs, Strayer, Stoel and Boley, which was founded in 1907. In 1930, the name became Carey, Hart, Spencer & McCulloch, with the later being Charles E. McCulloch for which McCulloch Stadium is named after. In 1979, this firm merged with another large Portland firm, Rives, Bonyhadi and Smith, which had been founded in 1935. In 1987, the firm acquired the Seattle-based Jones, Grey and Bayley (founded 1912). The firm expanded into Boise, Idaho in 1991, Salt Lake City, Utah in 1992, and in 2001 established a California presence in Sacramento, San Francisco and Lake Tahoe with the acquisition of Washburn, Briscoe & McCarthy. The firm's geographic footprint expanded further with the opening of offices in San Diego, California (2006), Minneapolis, Minnesota (2007), Anchorage, Alaska (2008) and Washington, D.C. (2013). In June 2013, the firm was hit with a $12.8 million judgment in Utah for negligence in handling a land use application, though the firm planned to appeal.
Blogs and Publications.
Stoel Rives publishes a series of “Law of” handbooks, intended to provide a general overview of the legal and business issues involved in specific emerging or rapidly developing areas of law. The series include "The Law of Wind—A Guide to Business and Legal Issues, Lava Law—Legal Issues in Geothermal Energy Development, The Law of Building Green—Business and Legal Issues of Sustainable Real Estate Development, The Law of Ocean and Tidal Energy—A Guide to Business and Legal Issues, Lex Helius: The Law of Solar Energy—A Guide to Business and Legal Issues, The Law of Biofuels, The Law of Biomass, The Law of Algae—Business and Legal Issues of Producing Algae Biofuels," and "Show Me the Money—The Law of the Stimulus Package."
Stoel Rives attorneys also actively maintain a variety of practice specific blogs, including Oregon Patent Tracker, Alcoholic Beverages Law Blog, Renewable + Law Blog, LLC Law Monitor Blog, Food Liability Law, Ahead of Schedule (construction law), Stoel Rives World of Employment, and Essential Nutrition Law Blog.

</doc>
<doc id="19395846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395846" title="Telegraph Peak">
Telegraph Peak

Telegraph Peak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19395852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395852" title="Jason Reeves">
Jason Reeves

Jason Reeves may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19395877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395877" title="Bodega (band)">
Bodega (band)

Bodega was a Scottish band based in Glasgow, formed in March 2005. Its members met while they were studying together at the National Centre of Excellence in Traditional Music in Plockton, Scotland, from which they all graduated. The group was originally called Fiddle Dee Fiddle Dum. They disbanded at the end of 2011, citing the changing musical trajectories of the band's principal founding members. 
Membership.
The group had five members:
A sixth member, Sandie Forbes (fiddle and vocals) played with the group until 2006. The group's members were all born between the years of approximately 1987 and 1989.
Career.
The band performed at the festival Celtic Connections for two years in a row, and also played at large festivals such as The Shetland Folk Festival and the HebCelt Fest. 
The group performed traditional Scottish and Irish music, as well as newly composed material by its members, combining improvisation and eclectic influences from jazz, rock, funk, and other non-traditional genres. It also performed American repertoire, such as "Wagon Wheel" by Bob Dylan which has also been performed by Old Crow Medicine Show. The lead singer, Norrie MacIver, sings in both Scottish Gaelic (including waulking songs and "puirt à beul") and English.
In late 2005 the group won the 2005/2006 BBC Radio 2 Young Folk Award. They toured Europe and the United States several times.

</doc>
<doc id="19395878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395878" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T13">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T13

The Men's 200m T13 had its First Round held on September 15 at 9:46 and its Final on September 16 at 19:28.

</doc>
<doc id="19395882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395882" title="Go, Cubs, Go">
Go, Cubs, Go

"Go Cubs Go", "Go, Cubs, Go" or "Go, Cubs, Go!" is a song written by Steve Goodman in 1984. At various times the Goodman version of the song has been the official Chicago Cubs team song and the official Cubs victory song. The Goodman version of the song is now referred to as the official Chicago Cubs victory song. The Goodman version has been included in both a 1994 Steve Goodman anthology album and a 2008 Cubs songs and sounds album. An alternate 2008 version by Manic Sewing Circle has also been released.
History.
Goodman was a lifelong Cubs fan. The song was written by Goodman at the request of WGN/720, which is the Cubs' radio broadcast partner. Goodman had in 1981 recorded "A Dying Cub Fan's Last Request", a song about the historic failures of the Cubs franchise, but had been banned from playing it at Wrigley Field. That song described the team as "doormat of the National League" and referred to Wrigley Field as an "ivy-covered burial ground."
At the time that WGN Program Director Dan Fabian requested the new song, "It’s a Beautiful Day for a Ball Game" by The Harry Simeone Songsters was the theme song. He had been motivated by Cubs manager Dallas Green's effort to change the team spirit. Goodman happened to be in town for a WGN radio talk show and was receptive to the idea of writing the team a new song.
"Go, Cubs, Go" first became popular during when the Cubs won the 1984 National League East Division Championship and subsequently lost in the 1984 National League Championship Series. That season (and for several afterwards) it was the official team song. It was first aired on WGN on Opening Day and played every gameday for the rest of the season. During that season, Goodman lost his sixteen-year battle with leukemia four days before the Cubs clinched the division title. In the next three years, 60,000 copies of the song were sold with proceeds going to charity. Some 1984 Cubs players can be heard performing the refrain.
In 1987, the song gave way to The Beach Boys' "Here Come the Cubs". Later team songs included songs such as Kool & the Gang's "Celebration" and KC and the Sunshine Band's "Get Down Tonight". The song was eventually included on Goodman's album "No Big Surprise: Anthology", which was released on September 15, 1994.
Modern resurgence.
The song has had a resurgence in tandem with the success of the 2007 and 2008 Chicago Cubs, who won consecutive National League Central Division regular season championships, and the May 2007 release of the biography of Steve Goodman, "Steve Goodman: Facing the Music" (ISBN 1-55022-732-7). In recent years, broadcasts on WGN-TV and CSN Chicago have begun delaying postgame commentary to enables viewers to hear Goodman's song and to watch fans at Wrigley listening and singing along. Cubs management decided to incorporate the song into the stadium experience following the team's annual winter conference (not to be confused with baseball's winter meetings) in which attendees dropped everything they were doing to sing along.
More recently, in the 2012 season, Chicago band The Fold used the lyric "Go Cubs Go" in their winning track for WGN Radio's 2012 Season, "Let's Go Cubbies".
In the first week of October 2007, it was the most popular folk music digital download on iTunes. With the Cubs in playoff contention for the first time in three years, the Cubs' victory tune, Go Cubs Go! became more popular among the fans. Due to the song's growing popularity, after wins at home, Cubs TV broadcasters Len Kasper and Bob Brenly would have their microphones shut off, while the camera pans around the stadium to view the jubilant fans singing Go Cubs Go! playing in the background. During that season, it was known as the unofficial Chicago Cubs victory song and it was played at Wrigley Field after each Cubs victory. There were 44 such victories during the 2007 regular season. On October 5, 2007, Illinois Lieutenant Governor Pat Quinn declared the day "Steve Goodman Day" throughout the state.
On August 1, 2008, WGN Radio and Vibes Media released a ringtone version of the song for purchase by text message for a cost of US$2.99. At that time it was described as the official Cubs victory song. Also in 2008, the song was included on the album Take Me Out To A Cubs Game which was subtitled "Music For The Cubs Fan". The album is a 17-song album with a total run time of 55 minutes and 35 seconds that includes the September 21, 1997 Harry Caray performance of "Take Me Out to the Ball Game", which was his last. The album was produced in celebration of the 100th anniversary of the Cubs 1908 World Series victory and contains sounds and songs of the Cubs and Wrigley Field. The album is an officially licensed Major League Baseball music CD. Neither of Goodman's other notable songs about the Cubs ("A Dying Cub Fan's Last Request" or "When the Cubs Go Marching In") was included on the album.
Also in 2008, the song was released by Manic Sewing Circle. It was performed for the first time live on WGN-TV at the Skybox on Sheffield, located directly across from Wrigley Field on opening day 2008. Their cover version of the song was released with proceeds going to official charities of the Chicago Cubs and WGN-Radio: Cubs Care and Neediest Kids Fund. The Manic Sewing Circle version of the song is also available on iTunes by digital download, and they publicized this version throughout Chicago. Although the original Goodman version of the song is 2:51, the new Manic Sewing Circle version is only 2:23 long.
In September 2008, prompted by the Cubs' 2008 season and a piece by Mike Leonard on the NBC "Today Show" about Steve Goodman, Red Pajamas Records issued a 4-cut EP titled "The Baseball Singles" with Goodman's performances of "Go Cubs Go", "A Dying Cub Fan's Last Request", "When The Cubs Go Marching In", and "Take Me Out to the Ball Game".
Thematic issues.
The song is perceived as an upbeat one that leaves listeners with a happy feeling. It is described as having catchy riffs and exuberant vocals that characterized the essence of Cubs fandom while, noting in the lyrics, "You can catch it all on WGN." A favorite verse for the fans is the one that includes "So stamp your feet and clap your hands". The new Manic Sewing Circle cover is a ska-punk version instead of the original folk music.

</doc>
<doc id="19395884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395884" title="1996 Detroit Lions season">
1996 Detroit Lions season

The 1996 Detroit Lions season was their 67th in the National Football League (NFL). The team failed to improve upon their previous season's output of 10–6 and missed the playoffs for the first time in four years.

</doc>
<doc id="19395893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395893" title="Strykersville, New York">
Strykersville, New York

Strykersville is a hamlet (and census-designated place) located within the town of Sheldon, with a small southern portion in the Town of Java, in the western part of Wyoming County, New York. The population is 647 people in the 2010 census. It is located on New York State Route 78.
Cultural references.
Strykersville is mentioned in the 2002 novel "I'll Take You There by Joyce Carol Oates.

</doc>
<doc id="19395903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395903" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T36">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T36

The Men's 200m T36 had its Final held on September 15 at 17:42.

</doc>
<doc id="19395922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395922" title="Berliner-Joyce">
Berliner-Joyce

Berliner-Joyce Aircraft was an American aircraft manufacturer. It was founded on 4 February 1929 when Henry Berliner and his 1922 company, "Berliner Aircraft Company" of Alexandria, Virginia, joined with Maryland Aviation Commission leader Captain Temple Nach Joyce.
Berliner-Joyce hired William H. Miller as chief designer, and opened a 58,000 square foot factory in Dundalk, Maryland, near Logan Field. The Great Depression ended the civil aircraft production market, so Berliner-Joyce concentrated on designing aircraft for the USAAC and US Navy.
In May 1929 the company received its first order, for the Berliner-Joyce XFJ. Other projects, the P-16 and OJ-2, also received orders, but in 1933 North American Aviation bought controlling interest in the company and appointed its own executives. In January 1934 Joyce left the company to join Bellanca Aircraft, and soon after Berliner left for Engineering and Research Corporation. The company became the B/J division of North American Aviation, and was moved from Maryland to Inglewood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19395927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395927" title="Code Blue (Japanese TV series)">
Code Blue (Japanese TV series)

Synopsis.
Season 1.
The "Doctor Helicopter" system was legalized in Japan in June 2007. A medical team is dispatched to the patients on a helicopter to provide medical care in the field as soon as possible. One day, four young physicians are assigned to this latest medical system. The doctors experience traumatic medical situations, deal with personal ambitions, witness the fragility of life, and they grow personally and professionally.
Special.
After their suspension from the tunnel incident, the four interns: Aizawa, Shiraishi, Hiyama, Fujikawa together with nurse Saejima, are back on Shohoku's Emergency Medical Services. But as soon as their return, Kuroda suddenly handed his resignation. While, on the other hand, a train in Chiba had a major accident.
Season 2.
"Doctor Helicoptor" candidate Kōsaku Aizawa (Tomohisa Yamashita) does his best in the medical care spot. This season begins with a mother and son on a bicycle who crashes into a motorcycle. The boys falls into a river and doctor Kousaku Aizawa jumps into the cold river to save the boy.

</doc>
<doc id="19395930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395930" title="No Child Left Unplugged">
No Child Left Unplugged

No Child Left Unplugged (NOCU) is a San Francisco based non-profit organization founded by Corey Linehan
with the purpose of teaching technology skills at economically challenged schools as well as providing computers for such schools.
History.
Corey Linehan, a student of Stuart Hall High School founded No Child Left Unplugged in the Spring of 2005, with the initial pilot program launching in the fall of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19395975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395975" title="Karl Thurmann">
Karl Thurmann

Karl Thurmann (4 September 1909—20 January 1943) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Life and career.
Thurmann was born in Mühlheim, Ruhr. He joined the "Reichsmarine" in April 1928, serving aboard the light cruisers and .
After training, and sailing on a patrol as "Kommandantenschüler" (Commander-in-Training") aboard under Otto Schuhart, Thurmann commissioned the Type VIIC U-boat on 23 December 1940. Thurmann took "U-553" out on nine patrols in 1941 and 1942, and sank 12 merchant ships totalling one warship, and damaged two more.
On 16 January 1943, Thurmann left La Pallice, France, on his tenth patrol. On 20 January, he sent the radio message: "Seerohr unklar" ("Periscope not clear"). "U-553" was never heard from again and her fate remains a mystery.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of Karl Thurmann is credited with the sinking of 12 ships for a total of , further damaging two ships of and sinking one warship, the HMS "Gladiolus", of .

</doc>
<doc id="19395984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19395984" title="Aribert">
Aribert

Aribert () is a Germanic given name, from "hari" ("host") and "beraht" ("bright"). It may refer to:
See also.
Herbert (given name)

</doc>
<doc id="19396013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396013" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T37">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T37

The Men's 200m T37 had its First Round held on September 15 at 10:59 and the Final on September 16 at 17:17.

</doc>
<doc id="19396041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396041" title="Gundoald (name)">
Gundoald (name)

Gundoald, Gundowald, Gundovald, Gondovald, or Gombald (, ) is a Germanic given name that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19396049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396049" title="Nhamini-wi">
Nhamini-wi

The Nhamini-wi is, according to indigenous oral history, an ancient trail leading from the Amazon jungle to the mountains in the west.
Myth.
Indigenous peoples in Brazil and Colombia from the upper Rio Negro, such as the Tukano people and the Pira-tapuya, have a common narrative that their elders tell about the Nhamini-wi, which that led west to the "house of the night." The house was so called because that is where the sun disappeared for several days, leaving the people in total darkness. Large groups of soldiers traveled travel this road carrying loads of baskets filled with “insects of gold”. It is said that they would take them to the mountains to be given as gifts to the Gods so as not to darken the sun again. But opening these baskets before they arrived would cause the sun to leave. Many tribes’ narratives say that some of the baskets were opened and the resulting darkness caused the trail to never be used again. The Tukano tribe says that the trail began at "axpeko-dixtara", the "Lake of Milk" in the east, believed to be Lake Parime. The trail is also known as the "trail of tears" due to large groups of widows that were told to have traveled by it.
Possibly evidence of existence.
The location of this pre-Columbian road is believed to be in Northern Brazil in the Amazon region. 19th century Brazilian writer Barbosa Rodrigues wrote about ruins that existed in the forests north of Rio Negro. In 1977 artist and explorer Roland Stevenson traveled up the Rio Negro in search of the same stone ruins. Led by indigenous guides he found old and collapsed stone walls that were dotted every twenty kilometers along an east to western line.
Significance of find.
The existence of the Nhamini-wi supports theories of the existence of Inca roads that traveled far into the Amazon Basin. It also supports the possibility of the reality of the legendary city of El Dorado near Lake Parime.

</doc>
<doc id="19396065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396065" title="Jictzad Viña">
Jictzad Viña

Jictzad Nakarhyt Viña Carreño (born May 27, 1983 in Carúpano) is a Venezuelan pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Venezuela 2005 and represented her country at Miss Universe 2006.
Pageantry.
Miss Reina Sudamericana 2005.
She placed as 1st Runner-Up in Reina Sudamericana 2005 in Santa Cruz, Bolivia, on October 14, 2005.
Miss Venezuela 2005.
Viña won Miss Venezuela 2005 and was crowned by Mónica Spear. She was the second delegate from Sucre to win the Miss Venezuela pageant since its inception in 1952. The first was Ida Margarita Pieri, Miss Venezuela 1958.
Miss Universe 2006.
She was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 2006 pageant held in Los Angeles, California, USA on July 23, 2006 where she became the second representative in 24 years from Venezuela who did not place in Miss Universe, just 2 years after Ana Karina Añez failed to place at Miss Universe 2004.
Personal life.
She currently lives in Mexico City where she works as a model.

</doc>
<doc id="19396070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396070" title="Light On">
Light On

"Light On" is the first official single released from "American Idol" season 7 winner David Cook's major label debut studio album, "David Cook". The single has been certified Platinum by the RIAA.
Song information.
"Light On" was co-written by Soundgarden and Audioslave front man Chris Cornell, as well as famed producer/songwriter Brian Howes. The song was produced by Grammy winning producer Rob Cavallo, who has produced hits for Green Day and Kid Rock.
The song also displays Cook's powerful upper register, with the singer hitting a high C at the end of each verse.
Release.
The song's lyrics were posted on Cook's official website on September 22, 2008. "Light On" officially debuted on AOL Music's PopEater section on September 23, 2008. It became available for radio airplay later on the 23rd, but officially went for adds on Mainstream Top 40, AC, and Rock radio on October 13, 2008. It was released via iTunes and Amazon on September 30, 2008.
Reception.
Reception of "Light On" was generally positive to mixed. 
"Billboard"'s Chuck Taylor gave a very favorable review saying "melodically, there's no question that this bullet is heading right for the brain, where the only thing stickier than the chorus is Cook's appreciably sweaty performance." He predicted success for Cook, stating "Like Chris Daughtry before him, here's an Idol who is bound for true rock cred", summing it up with "Light On" is right on." 
Todd Martens of the "Los Angeles Times" gave a decent review, predicting chart success by saying the song was "sure to be inescapable this holiday season." He called it "full-on, cellphone-waving arena rock schmaltz, with husky, slow-moving guitars and a wallop of meaninglessly earnest vocals." 
Michael Slezak of "Entertainment Weekly" also gave a mostly good review, saying Cook "is poised to be part of a balanced, mainstream rock diet alongside artists like 3 Doors Down, Nickelback, and Staind." He also called the song catchy saying, "After two listens, the "Light On" chorus got caught in my head like butter in the crannies of an English muffin." Though unimpressed with the song's lyrics, claiming they "feel more like a logjam of carefully focus-grouped words than anything deeply meaningful", he concluded however that "the bottom line is: "Light On" is probably going to be a major hit." 
Ken Barnes of "USA Today" however was unimpressed with the single, despite being a fervent supporter of Cook on "American Idol". Barnes called the song "Daughtry lite" as well as "a paint-by-numbers rock-ballad tune." "Los Angeles Times" writer Ann Powers also appeared unimpressed with the single, referring to it as a "banger in the worst sense of the word." 
Music video.
The music video for "Light On" was shot on October 21 and 22 at the Los Angeles Valley College football stadium with Wayne Isham as the director. The video was debuted on November 3 shortly after midnight. The video is a performance video of Cook and his band singing on a stage in the football stadium, and also features a plot of a teenage boy working at a diner. A teenage girl, portrayed by Mika Boorem, walks into the diner and he watches her, becoming jealous when her boyfriend comes to the diner. Near the end, the girl fights with her boyfriend in his car, after he hit on some girls at the diner before her eyes, and gets out of the car, but he drives away and leaves her stranded there, late at night. The boy from the diner shows up on his bike and gives her a ride home on the handlebars of the bike.
Chart performance.
"Light On" sold 109,000 digital downloads in its first week of availability, leading to a number seventeen debut on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It is Cook's second top twenty hit on the chart and second top forty hit. On 2/1/09 "Light On" reached number twenty on Mainstream Top 40 radio, becoming Cook's first top twenty hit in that format. It has become his second consecutive top ten hit on the Adult Top 40, reaching number four. It has sold more than 1 million downloads in the U.S. to date. The single would later receive its RIAA Gold and Platinum certifications on January 20, 2010. In Canada it debuted at number 61 on the Canadian Hot 100 based on downloads, but then fell off the chart the next week. A few weeks later it made a re-entry on the chart, finally peaking at number 27.

</doc>
<doc id="19396079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396079" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T38">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T38

The Men's 200m T38 had its First Round held on September 13 at 9:30 and the Final on September 14 at 18:03.

</doc>
<doc id="19396083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396083" title="List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1979">
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1979

These are the number-one hits on the Top 100 Singles chart in 1979 as published by "Cash Box" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19396088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396088" title="Siegfried Strelow">
Siegfried Strelow

Siegfried Strelow (15 April 1911 – 15 July 1943) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (), awarded for extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. He and the entire crew of were killed in action west of Figueira da Foz Municipality, Portugal, in position when their boat was sunk by 4 depth charges from a Royal Air Force (RAF) Vickers Wellington bomber of No. 179 Squadron RAF.
Summary of career.
Ships Attacked.
As a U-boat commander of Strelow is credited with the sinking of nine merchant ships for a total of , further sinking one auxiliary warship of and three warships of .

</doc>
<doc id="19396102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396102" title="Secretary of State of Nevada">
Secretary of State of Nevada

The Secretary of State of Nevada is a statewide elected office in the State of Nevada. The secretary of state post is common to many U.S. states. In Nevada, it is a constitutional office (i.e., it is mandated by the Constitution of Nevada).
The current Secretary of State, Democrat Ross Miller, was elected in 2006. Miller was preceded by Dean Heller, who served as Secretary of State from 1995 to 2007 and was subsequently elected to the United States House of Representatives
Organization.
The Nevada Secretary of State's Office is composed of five divisions:
Other duties.
The Secretary of State acts as the official record-keeper of the state of Nevada, and is the keeper of the State Seal of Nevada. The Secretary also maintains the official bond of the state treasurer, and serves on the State Board of Prison Commissioners, the State Board of Examiners, the Tahoe Regional Planning Agency Governing Board, the State Records Committee, the State Advisory Committee on Participatory Democracy and the Executive Branch Audit Committee.
The Secretary also maintains the state's registry of living wills and advance medical directives, and maintains a list of ministers and clergy in the state.
Additional.
In 2004, under the leadership of then Secretary of State Dean Heller, Nevada became the first state in the nation to implement an auditable paper trail to electronic voting machines.

</doc>
<doc id="19396112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396112" title="Barsha Priyadarshini">
Barsha Priyadarshini

Barsha Priyadarshini () is an Oriya actress in Oriya cinema. She also has acted in Bengali cinemas. Her debut Oriya film was "E Juga ra Krushna Sudama" and Bengali film was "Jor".
Personal life.
Barsha, also known as Barsa or Varsha, was born in Bhubaneswar, Odisha, and studied in Rama Devi Women's College. Her mother, Dipa Sahu was former Oriya actress. Barsha was influenced by watching her mother in films. She is the youngest among three sisters. She got married to actor Anubhav Mohanty on February 9, 2014.
Awards and accreditation.
Many Awards as the Best Actress.
Latest was for last year's movie "Ama Bhitare kichi achi"

</doc>
<doc id="19396126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396126" title="Koleje Mazowieckie">
Koleje Mazowieckie

Koleje Mazowieckie (Masovian Railways) is a regional rail operator in the Masovian Voivodeship of Poland.
History.
The company was founded in 2004 as a joint venture of the Masovian Voivodeship, with 51% shares, and the, then government-owned, PKP Przewozy Regionalne, with 49% shares, to handle local passenger traffic in the Voivodeship. It started operating on 1 January 2005. Since the end of 2007 Koleje Mazowieckie has been fully owned by the Masovian Voivodeship.
Rolling stock.
At the beginning the rolling stock consisted of old electric multiple units taken over from PKP. These were gradually modernised, and further units purchased second-hand from other operators. Later on, the company purchased or leased new rolling stock. As of 2010 the Koleje Mazowieckie had just under 200 PKP class EN57, five EN71 and two EW60. Additionally the company purchased seven DB Class 627 railcars and four 628 diesel multiple units to serve on non-electrified routes.
In 2008 the company bought 10 modern Stadler FLIRT EMUs and 26 Bombardier Double-deck Coaches along with 11 cab cars. At the beginning, Koleje Mazowieckie leased 11 EU07 electric locomotives from PKP Cargo to work these trains, since 2011 they are pulled by TRAXX P160 DC purchased from Bombardier.
In 2011 the company bought 16 PESA ELF EMUs designated class EN76 and 4 SA135 DMUs also from PESA.
As of April 2012, the company owns, leases, or hires the following rolling stock:
Railway lines.
Regional Express.
Trains which compete with InterRegio and PKP Intercity. Most of them have air conditioning and are accessible to disabled passengers.
Some trains on KM2 Warsaw – Mińsk Mazowiecki – Siedlce line do not stop at certain stops.
Cooperation with Warsaw public transport system.
Within the Warsaw metropolitan area long- and medium-term tickets issued by the Warsaw Transport Authority (those valid for 24 hours or longer), previously validated in city buses, trams, metro or Fast Urban Rail are honoured in all regular trains of Koleje Mazowieckie.

</doc>
<doc id="19396138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396138" title="Gardena Police Department">
Gardena Police Department

The Gardena Police Department is the principle law enforcement agency responsible for the city of Gardena, California, in the United States. The current Chief of Police is Edward Medrano, appointed in 2007. 
The Gardena Police Department is located in the South Bay area of Los Angeles County, about south of Downtown Los Angeles, between the Harbor (I-110), San Diego (I-405) and Glenn Anderson (I-105) freeways. The city of Gardena encompasses an area of approximately with a diverse population of nearly 60,000. The Police Department is funded for 115 full-time and 31 part-time employees. Of those, 93 are sworn positions with assignments in Patrol, Traffic, Motors, Detectives, Narco/Vice/Intelligence, Canine, Tactical Team, and participation on various task forces.
GCARS.
Gardena Crime Accountability and Reduction Strategy (G-CARS)
In 2006, the Gardena Police Department developed an innovative program for the prevention and investigation of criminal activity. The Gardena Crime Accountability and Reduction Strategy (GCARS) is a system that was developed to create a simple but effective method of distributing crime information in the form of maps and reports to affected personnel. GCARS uses real-time crime statistics to detect patterns and identify geographic areas which require increased police services. This information is disseminated to police personnel by various methods, including publishing the information through email, posting to an in-house Intranet, and printed for watch commanders prior to patrol shift deployments. The reports contain crime maps displaying current and 30-day trends with accompanying information about the crimes. Detailed information about crime descriptors, heavy police call-for-service locations, and a log which all police employees share important information are contained in the report. 
The system places a heavy emphasis on the use of technology and real time information systems (computer statistics) to put police resources where they are needed to reduce and prevent crime. The foundation of this process creates an environment that puts officers back in the business of proactively fighting crime rather than just reacting to it. It also provides an opportunity for the department to be flexible in responding to emerging crime patterns. 
The main focus of the strategy is to impact crime and disorder by using advanced technology to identify, track and categorize crime patterns in real-time so that our department can place appropriate resources where necessary to prevent and reduce crime. The department focuses its efforts to affect three identified sources of crime: high-risk people, high-risk places, and high-risk activities. It is believed that by targeting these contributing factors to crime overall safety in the community will be improved and the resources necessary to effective change will be minimized.
G-CARS is very similar to CompStat which is system of management accountability utilizing crime statistics to identify recent patterns in criminal activity. It is used by hundreds of law enforcement agencies in the United States.
District Policing.
In 2007, the Gardena Police Department developed a District Policing model. The city was divided into three districts, each managed by a police lieutenant. Each lieutenant has a team of specialized personnel that was brought together from various bureaus. A major goal of District Policing is to localize efforts for better control of incidents of crime and the prevention of criminal activity. 
Each district is led by a lieutenant, designated as the Area Commander. Along with the lieutenant, there is a sergeant, an officer from the COPPS (Community Oriented Policing and Problem Solving) Team, a Code Enforcement Officer, a detective from the Special Investigations Detail (narcotics), and a patrol officer from each of the four patrol teams assigned to each district. 
These patrol officers provide 24/7 coverage in each of the three districts, and a designated contact point for citizens to voice their concerns and complaints. The strategy is to have those designated officers focus on their respective districts so the needs and problems relevant to those districts are addressed. These officers are held accountable for the service they provide to their districts, and likewise give residents confidence in the quality of that service.
Communications.
Radio communications and the 9-1-1 call center are handled by the South Bay Regional Public Communications Authority located in Hawthorne, California. 

</doc>
<doc id="19396142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396142" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T44">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T44

The Men's 200m T44 had its whole competition held on September 13, with the First Round at 10:26 and the Final at 19:00.

</doc>
<doc id="19396145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396145" title="Günther Müller-Stöckheim">
Günther Müller-Stöckheim

Günther Müller-Stöckheim (17 December 1913 in Klein Stöckheim, district of Braunschweig—16 July 1943 in the Atlantic Ocean) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Müller-Stöckheim joined the "Kriegsmarine" in April 1934. He served for a time on the battleship , and was a training officer at the "Marineschule Mürwik" Naval Academy. He transferred to the U-boat force in April 1940, and made two patrols as 1st Watch Officer of under Karl-Heinz Moehle in early 1941. In July 1941 Müller-Stöckheim took command of the IXC U-boat and made eight patrols, sinking thirteen merchant ships totalling , and damaging five more ().
Müller-Stöckheim was killed when "U-67" was sunk on 16 July 1943 in the Atlantic Ocean by bombs from an Avenger torpedo bomber from the escort carrier .

</doc>
<doc id="19396152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396152" title="Claudia Moreno">
Claudia Moreno

Claudia Cristina Moreno González ; (born November 8, 1977 in Caracas) is a Venezuelan beauty pageant titleholder who was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 2000 pageant.
Pageant participation.
Miss Venezuela 1999.
Moreno competed in Miss Venezuela 1999, representing Distrito Capital, where she finished in the Top 10.
Miss Republica Bolivariana Venezuela 2000.
When the winner of Miss Venezuela 1999, Martina Thorogood, was denied for Miss Universe 2000, the Miss Venezuela Organization decided to have a second, smaller pageant to send a delegate to Miss Universe, consisting of delegates who had competed in previous Miss Venezuela competitions, called Miss Republica Bolivariana Venezuela 2000. Moreno competed and was chosen to represent Venezuela at Miss Universe.
Miss Universe 2000.
Moreno competed in the 49th annual Miss Universe competition, held in Nicosia, Cyprus on May 12, 2000 where she finished as 1st Runner Up to Lara Dutta of India.

</doc>
<doc id="19396153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396153" title="El Dorado Apartments">
El Dorado Apartments

El Dorado Apartments may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19396161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396161" title="Islam Siam">
Islam Siam


</doc>
<doc id="19396188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396188" title="Hermann Rasch">
Hermann Rasch

Hermann Rasch (26 August 1914 – 10 June 1974) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="19396200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396200" title="WKJQ">
WKJQ

WKJQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19396214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396214" title="Josh Roenicke">
Josh Roenicke

Joshua James Roenicke (born August 4, 1982) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball.
Career.
Cincinnati Reds.
Roenicke was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 10th round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft out of UCLA where he was both an outfielder and a relief pitcher, as well as a defensive back and kick returner on the UCLA football team. Beginning his professional career with the Gulf Coast Reds, Roenicke pitched 8 innings and gave up only one run. He was promoted to the Rookie level Billings Mustangs where he finished 2006. He began with the High-A Sarasota Reds before being promoted to Double-A Chattanooga. Combined, he had a 3–2 record with a 2.31 ERA, 56 strikeouts, and 24 saves. Roenicke remained in Chattanooga to begin , but was promoted to Triple-A Louisville after 22 appearances. In 35 games for Louisville, he had a 2.54 ERA and was promoted to the majors on September 9.
Roenicke made his major league debut on September 13, walking, striking out, and hitting 1 batter each.
Toronto Blue Jays.
On July 31, 2009, he was traded to the Toronto Blue Jays along with Edwin Encarnación and Zach Stewart, in exchange for Scott Rolen and cash considerations
In 2 seasons with the Blue Jays, Roenicke went 1-0 with a 6.38 ERA in 29 games
Colorado Rockies.
On June 2, 2011, Roenicke was claimed off waivers by the Colorado Rockies and was optioned to Triple-A Colorado Springs.
In 2 seasons with the Rockies, Roenicke went 4-2 with a 3.33 ERA in 82 games, most of them coming in 2012.
Minnesota Twins.
The Minnesota Twins claimed him off waivers on November 2, 2012. He was outrighted to the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings on October 2, 2013.
Washington Nationals.
He signed a minor league contract (including a spring training invitation) with the Washington Nationals on February 14, 2014.
Pitching style.
Roenicke throws five pitches. He has a four-seam fastball thrown at 91–95 mph, a two-seam fastball at 91–94, a slider (82–86), a curveball (76–79), and an occasional changeup (83–85). He does not use his changeup against right-handed hitters. His primary fastball against righties is the four-seamer, while he leans toward the two-seamer against lefties. Despite average to above-average whiff rates on his pitches, he strikes hitters out a rate well below one per inning.
Personal.
Roenicke, who grew up in Nevada City, California, comes from a baseball family as his brother Jason plays in Toronto's minor league system, his father Gary played 12 major league seasons from – and is currently a scout in the Baltimore Orioles organization, and his uncle Ron played 8 seasons from –1988 and is currently the manager of the Milwaukee Brewers.
Roenicke is the brother-in-law of Washington Nationals shortstop Ian Desmond, having married Desmond's sister Nikki in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19396237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396237" title="Nuliajuk">
Nuliajuk

Nuliajuk is a goddess of the Netsilik Inuit. According to Rasmussen Nuliajuk lives on the bottom of the sea and controls sea mammals (seals, walruses, and sea lions). Whenever humans neglect to observe ritual prohibitions, she imprisons the sea-mammals within the drip-basin under her lamp (making them unavailable to hunters), so that shamans must conjure her so as to release them.
Nuliajuk is co-wife with Isarraitaitsoq; their husband is the sea scorpion. They have an adopted baby, which they stole ""from a sleeping mother when her husband was out hunting at the breathing holes"".
Here is one of the stories of Nuliajuk from the Kivalliq Region.
Nuliayuk lives in the ocean for a very long time. Nuliayuk just sits on the ocean floor, her long hair flowing, moving back and forth with the tides and the currents. When you look down into the sea over the side of a boat in summer, you can see her hair, swaying back and forth. Sometimes as her hair moves with the water, it gets all disheveled and tangled up. The creatures of the sea get caught in it and no matter how hard they try they cannot get out. It would be so nice if Nuliayuk can run her fingers through her hair and let all these animals out, but Nuliayuk has no fingers.
You see a long time ago, when she was just a girl, Nuliayuk refused to marry; she would take no men for a husband. It was a cruel world in which she lived. There were no animals to hunt, no caribou, seals, whales, walruses, fish, nothing. Her family was starving and could no longer feed her. If she had married she would have had a husband to support her but no she refused to marry anyone.
One day Nuliayuk’s parents loaded their boat with the few things they had and headed off to another hunting place, hoping for better luck. They left Nuliayuk behind. They could no longer support a woman who had refused to marry. Nuliayuk did not want to be left behind so she swam out to the boat. Nuliayuk grabbed the gunwales and tried to climb aboard. Her father took his axe and chopped her fingers off to keep her from climbing in. Nuliayuk no longer to hold on to the gunwales of the boat, slipped down to the depths of the sea. And that is where she lives to this day. Her fingers too fell into the sea one by one and one by one they became the animals of the sea. They became whales, walruses, fishes and all the other sea creatures.
But now Nuliayuk has no fingers with which to comb her hair, and when her hair is all tangled up, these poor animals get caught in and cannot get out. They tickle her head and that makes her angry. She shakes her head; she screams and flails her arms about. She makes the water boil until there are big waves. If her hair gets tangled up, there are no animals to hunt, no meat to eat, no sealskin for boats, no whale meat to feed the dogs. Even if there were animals about no one could go to sea to hunt them when Nuliayuk is angry. Nuliayuk has become the most feared creature in all the land. She has the power of life and death over all the people.
The only people who can calm her down are the shamans. Now and then, they dive down to the bottom of the sea. They run their fingers through her hair and make it all neat and tidy. They free the animals. They soothe her and settle her down and the sea becomes calm and smooth again. There are seals, walruses, fish, and whales again. People can go out to hunt and have food to eat.

</doc>
<doc id="19396238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396238" title="WKSR">
WKSR

WKSR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19396240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396240" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T46">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T46

The Men's 200m T46 had its first round held on September 8 at 9:15 and the Final on September 9 at 18:16.

</doc>
<doc id="19396259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396259" title="Supernatural (season 4)">
Supernatural (season 4)

Season four of "Supernatural", an American television series, premiered September 18, 2008. It was the third season to air on the CW television network.
This season focuses on Sam (Jared Padalecki) and Dean Winchester (Jensen Ackles) continuing to hunt demons, the first introduction of a mysterious angel of the lord, Castiel (Misha Collins), as well as Sam Winchester's new powers, and Dean's return from Hell and his memory of his time spent there. This season also touches on the brothers' continuing hunt for Lilith, who is trying to release the fallen archangel Lucifer on the world.
Episodes.
In this table, the number in the first column refers to the episode's number within the entire series, whereas the number in the second column indicates the episode's number within that particular season. "U.S. viewers in millions" refers to how many Americans watched the episode live or on the day of broadcast.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Production.
Creator Eric Kripke originally did not want angels to be featured in the series, believing God worked through hunters rather than angels. However, with so many demonic villains, he and the writers changed their minds when they realized that the show needed angels to create a "cosmic battle". As Kripke put it, "We had the empire, but we didn't really have the rebellion." They had always wanted to have a storyline with a few central characters but having massive battles in the background, comparable to "Star Wars" and "Lord of the Rings", and the addition of angels allowed for this. Kripke has found that it has opened up many new storylines.

</doc>
<doc id="19396262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396262" title="Kobi Peretz">
Kobi Peretz

Kobi Peretz (; born October 28, 1975), also known as Koby Perez, is a popular Israeli singer who sings in the Mizrahi style. Born in Tel Aviv, Israel, Kobi comes from a big family, being the youngest of 10 siblings. After his one hit wonder Balbeli Oto (Confuse Him), He sang in major concerts. He is looked up to as an Israeli Pop Idol to most.

</doc>
<doc id="19396265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396265" title="Ente Mamattikkuttiyammakku">
Ente Mamattikkuttiyammakku

Ente Mamattukkuttiyammakku is a 1983 Malayalam film produced by Navodaya Appachan and directed by Fazil. This Blockbuster was Shalini's first movie. She acted in it when she was three years old and won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Child Artiste. The film was remade, soon after in Tamil as "En Bommukutty Ammavukku", by the same director.
Plot.
A couple (Sangeeta Naik and Bharath Gopi) who lost their daughter in an accident decide to adopt a girl from the local orphanage. But problems arise when the child's real mother (Poornima Jayaram) and father (Mohanlal) seek her.

</doc>
<doc id="19396270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396270" title="Interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase">
Interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase

Interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase is a family of kinases.
Types include:

</doc>
<doc id="19396279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396279" title="Arthur and Nina Zwebell">
Arthur and Nina Zwebell

Arthur B. Zwebell (September 27, 1891 - January 29, 1973) and Nina L. Zwebell (January 5, 1895 - March 11, 1976), formerly Nina Jacobson, were a husband and wife architectural team known for their innovation in the design of courtyard apartments in Southern California. Several of their buildings have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places, including El Cabrillo (1928), at 1832-1850 N. Grace Ave., and Andalusia Apartments (1926–27) at 1471-1475 Havenhurst Drive in Hollywood and West Hollywood,California, respectively, and the Ronda Apartments, at 1400 Havenhurst Drive, and Patio del Moro (1925), at 8225 Fountain Avenue, both in West Hollywood, California. The Casa Laguna (1929) at 5200 Franklin Avenue in the Los Feliz section of Los Angeles is another well-known example of the Zwebells' courtyard architecture. Arthur was born Iowa, and Nina in Illinois. Both died in Los Angeles County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19396286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396286" title="Charles Erskine, 21st Earl of Mar">
Charles Erskine, 21st Earl of Mar

Charles Erskine, 21st Earl of Mar ("de jure" 5th Earl of Mar) (19 October 1650 – 23 May 1689) was a Scottish nobleman.
On 2 April 1674 he married Mary Maule, daughter of George Maule, 2nd Earl of Panmure. Their son John Erskine became 22nd Earl of Mar. 

</doc>
<doc id="19396288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396288" title="Harro Schacht">
Harro Schacht

Harro Schacht (15 December 1907 in Cuxhaven – 14 January 1943 in the South Atlantic) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. He is credited with the sinking of 19 ships for a total of , including the SS "Alcoa Puritan" and one ship damaged of .
Biography.
Schacht began his naval career in April 1926 as an "Offiziersanwärter" (Officer Cadet), receiving promotion to "Fähnrich" in April 1928 and "Oberfähnrich" in June 1930. On 1 October 1930 he was commissioned as a "Leutnant zur See", serving on the light cruisers and , and receiving promotion to "Oberleutnant zur See" on 1 August 1932.
Promoted to "Kapitänleutnant" on 1 April 1936, he served in the staff of the "Oberkommando der Marine" (OKM) from 1937. Promoted to "Korvettenkapitän" on 1 October 1940, he joined the U-boat force in June 1941, sailing under Erich Topp in as a commander-in-training. 
Following this, in October 1941 he was appointed commander of the newly built Type IXC submarine. On his second patrol, Schacht took "U-507" to the Gulf of Mexico in May 1942, sinking 9 ships, including 4 tankers.
On his next patrol, he took "U-507" to operate off the coast of Brazil. From 16 to 19 August 1942, "U-507" sank six neutral Brazilian ships and a Swedish tanker. As a result of this (and previous attacks) Brazil declared war on Germany on 22 August 1942. On the way home from this patrol, "U-507", together with , and the Italian submarine took part in the rescue operations during the Laconia incident, rescuing survivors, including many Italian Prisoners of War after the Laconia was sunk on 12 September 1942. 
Schacht and the entire crew of "U-507" were killed in the South Atlantic on 13 January 1943 when a U.S. PBY Catalina aircraft sank the U-boat with depth charges. Schacht received posthumous promotion to "Fregattenkapitän" on 1 January 1944. Under his command "U-507" sank 19 merchant ships totalling 77,143 tons and damaged another of 6,561 tons.

</doc>
<doc id="19396291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396291" title="Marseilles, Free State">
Marseilles, Free State

Marseilles is a town in Free State, South Africa fairly close to the Lesotho border. It is served by a station on the South African Railways.
Village 113 km east of Bloemfontein and 24 km west of Ladybrand. It was named after the seaport Marseilles in France.

</doc>
<doc id="19396295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396295" title="Stanley Greene">
Stanley Greene

Stanley Greene (born 1949, in Brooklyn, New York) is a photojournalist.
Greene was born to middle class parents in Brooklyn. Both his parents were actors. His father, who was born in Harlem, was a union organizer, one of the first African Americans elected as an officer in the Screen Actors Guild, and belonged to the Harlem Renaissance movement. Greene's father was blacklisted as a Communist in the 1950s and forced to take uncredited parts in movies. Greene's parents gave him his first camera when he was eleven years old.
Greene began his art career as a painter, but started taking photos as a means of cataloging material for his paintings. In 1971, when Greene was a member of the anti-war movement and the Black Panthers, his friend, photographer W. Eugene Smith offered him space in his studio and encouraged him to study photography at the School of Visual Arts in New York and the San Francisco Art Institute.
Greene held various jobs as a photographer, including taking pictures of rock bands and working at Newsday. In 1986, he shot fashion in Paris. He called himself a "dilettante, sitting in cafes, taking pictures of girls and doing heroin". After a friend died of AIDS, Greene kicked his drug habit and began to seriously pursue a photography career. He began photojournalism in 1989, when his image ("Kisses to All, Berlin Wall") of a tutu-clad girl with a champagne bottle became a symbol of the fall of the Berlin Wall. While working for the Paris-based photo agency "Agence Vu" in October 1993, Greene was trapped and almost killed in the White House in Moscow during a coup attempt against President Boris Yeltsin. He has covered the war-torn countries Azerbaijan, Georgia, Iraq, Somalia, Croatia, Kashmir, and Lebanon. He has taken pictures of the genocide in Rwanda in 1994 and the US Gulf Coast in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Since 1994, Greene is best known for his documentation of the conflict in Chechnya, between rebels and the Russian armed forces, which was compiled in his 2004 book, "Open Wound". These photos have drawn attention to the "suffering that has marked the latest surge in Chechnya's centuries-long struggle for independence from Russia".
In 2008, Greene revealed that he had hepatitis C, which he believed he had contracted from a contaminated razor while working in Chad in 2007. After controlling the disease with medication, he traveled to Afghanistan and shot a story about "the crisis of drug abuse and infectious disease". Greene has lived and worked in Paris since 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19396297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396297" title="Berliner-Joyce XF3J">
Berliner-Joyce XF3J

The Berliner-Joyce XF3J was an American biplane fighter, built by Berliner-Joyce Aircraft. It was submitted to the United States Navy for their request for a single-seat carrier-based fighter powered by a Wright R-1510-26 engine.
Development and design.
The XF3J had elliptical fabric covered wings which gave it the appearance of a butterfly. The fuselage was semimonocoque metallic with an aluminum skin. The undercarriage was fixed, and would be the last biplane fighter without a retractable gear that the U.S. Navy would test. The aircraft performed satisfactorily in testing, but more promising aircraft had been developed and, in September 1935, the program was terminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19396328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396328" title="Matao guitar">
Matao guitar

Matao
Matao guitars were good quality, low-priced, entry-level instruments made in Japan and Korea. Most of the guitars/bass's were made from Mahogony, Ash, and Alder with Maple necks, and Maple or Rosewood fretboards. Some guitar/bass bodies were also constructed with cheap plywood.
Matao guitars were manufactured at several factories over the years, including the Hoshino factory, and the Matsumoku factory for a time. 
The guitars/basses were aesthetic replicas of Martin, Gibson and Fender instruments. Matao guitars and basses were a popular alternative for aspiring West coast musicians 
in the 1970s & 80s who wanted a professional looking and playable guitar or bass, but couldn't afford the expense of the original high quality Fenders, Gibsons or Martins.
The Matao brand was exclusive to the Music West franchise in Washington, Oregon,
Idaho and Nevada. In addition to the Matao line, Music West stores were licensed to sell 
Fender guitars and amplifiers, as well as Moog and Arp synthesizers, Yamaha pianos, 
and Ibanez, Electro-Harmonix, MXR, Shure, and AKG audio products.
Matao included a 90 day repair/replacement warranty on all their products. 
Matao also made bass guitars, ukuleles, and banjos, and band instruments for school orchestras including drums, brass (trumpet and trombones), strings (violins, cellos) & woodwinds, (clarinet, flute).
In 1975 Matao Corp. in Bellvue Washington changed its product logo from the neatly handwritten Matao with fonts in bold script, to the much larger graphical Matao with the large "T" in the middle that transorms into bullhorns to crown the logo. In 1976 Matao decided to replace the pickups in both their "P Bass" and "Jazz Bass" models to replicas of the actual pickups used on the original bass's. 
In 1979 Matao premiered their own high quality guitar effects pedal line, 
including the "Phase Shifter", "Flanger", "Over Drive", "Chorus", and "Analog Delay" pedals which were priced from $49.99 to $129.99 MSRP. These FX pedals featured sturdy die cast housings, and could use either a 9 volt battery or an optional AC adaptor (wall wart) to power up.
In 1979-1980, Matao released and promoted their non-replica guitar line, the "Matao Artist" series. The Artist series were an exclusive design manufactured with high quality woods and electronics and featured "neck through body" construction. There were two versions of the Artist series, the economy "Artist" series guitars and bass's with dot inlays as fret
markers, and the more expensive Artist "Custom" series that featured a mother of pearl "vine" inlaid along the entire length of the neck and active electronics. These same guitars and basses
were also released around the world under different brand names, and those were stamped with their own company product name on the headstock, not the gold Matao logo.
Matao Corp. instruments and audio products were produced and imported to the United States for sale exclusively by Music West stores from 1967 to 1983, 
at which time Music West & Matao Corp. went out of business and ended their 16 year run due to low retail sales and declining profits.

</doc>
<doc id="19396360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396360" title="Herbert Schneider">
Herbert Schneider

Herbert Schneider (25 June 1915 in Nürnberg – 23 February 1943 in the Middle Atlantic) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. He is credited with the sinking of seven ships for a total of and further damaging two ships of .
Career.
Herbert Schneider began his naval career with the Reichsmarine on 8 April 1934 as a member "Crew 1934" (the incoming class of 1934).. After officer's training, he transferred to the "Luftwaffe" and received air reconnaissance training in October 1936. In early 1939 (22 February 1939 – 30 April 1939), during the Spanish Civil War, he spent a few months in Spain making eight sorties with the "Aufklärungsgruppe See" 88 (AS/88—88th sea reconnaissance group) of the "Legion Condor". In October 1940 he returned to the "Kriegsmarine". Over the next several months he received U-boat training and became the I. "Wachoffizier" (1st watch officer) on the . After two patrols, he left to complete commander training, and it was then that he received the commission for the . During his first patrol in the North Atlantic he sank four ships, totalling 20,077 tons and damaged another vessel. During his second patrol, he sunk three ships sunk and damaged another. The "U-522" was sunk by depth charges from the British cutter HMS "Totland" on 23 February, 1943, which resulted in the loss of all hands.

</doc>
<doc id="19396361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396361" title="Niram">
Niram

Niram (English: "Colour") is a 1999 Malayalam musical film directed by Kamal, starring Kunchacko Boban and Shalini in the lead roles. The film is about a special friendship between a boy and girl, Aby (Kunchacko Boban) and Sona (Shalini). The film's music was composed by Vidyasagar. 
"Niram" was a commercial success, and brought back in a genre of college campus based films in Malayalam cinema. The film was remade in Telugu as "Nuvve Kavali" starring Tarun and Richa Pallod, in Tamil as "Piriyadha Varam Vendum" starring Prashanth and Shalini, in Kannada as "Ninagagi" with Vijay Raghavendra and in Hindi as "Tujhe Meri Kasam" starring Ritesh Deshmukh and Genelia D'souza.
Plot.
Aby (Kunchacko Boban) and Sona (Shalini) are neighbors and family friends. They were brought up together and have been together since childhood. They share a special form of friendship and romance was nowhere in their plan. They are pair of pranksters, fun-loving and always up to some tricks. Their families find their friendship special, their friends call them siamese twins (having never seen them away from each other).
The story take a turn, when Sona goes to Bangalore to participate in a youth festival, Aby misses her so much that he realizes that what he feels for Sona is more than friendship. He is all set to tell her his love when he realizes that he doesn't know how she feels about him, also he feels he should not take undue advantage of the freedom their parents have given them. When Sona returns, she tells Aby about Prakash Mathew (Boban Alummodan), who proposed to her when they were in Bangalore. Sona, who is confused about her feelings for Prakash, confides in Aby who encourages her to confess her feelings to Prakash. Sona and Prakash become a couple but this brings unexpected strain into Aby's and Sona's friendship. Prakash's reactions to Aby's closeness to Sona makes Aby realize things will never be the same again. Aby realizing that Sona is hurt by Prakash's actions towards him starts showing interest towards Varsha (Jomol) who has always been in love with Aby. Aby starts avoiding Sona and starts spending more time with Varsha. This infuriates Sona.
Meanwhile, Prakash and Sona's marriage is fixed. Varsha asks Aby to meet her Dad, but he does not turn up for the meeting giving excuses. Varsha later tells him that she realizes that he loves Sona and as long as that is the case, he would never reciprocate her feelings and it is best to tell Sona the truth. In the meantime, arrangements start for Sona's marriage to Prakash. After a dinner where the families of Aby, Sona and Prakash discuss marriage, Sona realizes that she would be moving to USA, away from her parents and Aby . She gets emotional and asks him why he never loved her, then everything would have been perfect! Aby is overcome by emotion and hugs her. He apologizes and leaves immediately. Sona is shocked at the extent of his feelings and she goes to his house and finds a card in which he has written SUK-RI-YA (which in the movie means - I love you) near her name. Sona is hurt and when Aby comes into the room gets very angry at him for having hidden so many things from her and finally tells him that she loves him too. Aby tries to pacify her and make her understand that it would be inappropriate to tell their parents at this stage.
She gets engaged to Prakash and Aby decides to leave before the wedding. Their parents are flummoxed at his sudden decision to leave and try to dissuade him. Aby is adamant and Sona goes to leave him to the railway station. In the meantime, their parents find out that they are in love and come in search of them to find the pair sitting on the stairs of the station, Aby not having left. Their parents suggest that they get married as they are special for each other.
Soundtrack.
Music: Vidyasagar
Box office.
The movie was a large commercial success and made a theatrical run of more than 150 days due to positive reviews and word of mouth. The film became immensely popular among the youth and turned the lead pair into overnight superstars. 

</doc>
<doc id="19396364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396364" title="Cristian Gabriel Chávez">
Cristian Gabriel Chávez

Cristian Gabriel Chávez (born 4 June 1987 in Lomas de Zamora) is an Argentine football midfielder. He plays for Quilmes on loan from PAS Giannina from the Greek Superleague.
Career.
From San Lorenzo to Napoli and the homecoming.
Chávez made his league debut for San Lorenzo in a 1-0 win to Racing Club on March 7, 2008. In the 2008 Copa Libertadores he scored a goal in a 3-2 victory against Real Potosí, helping San Lorenzo's comeback in the game. He was subsequently loaned to Godoy Cruz and Atlético Tucumán.
On August 14, 2011 he signed for the Italian club Napoli for €1.5 million. On 10 February 2012 he goes on loan to San Lorenzo.

</doc>
<doc id="19396378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396378" title="SekChek Classic">
SekChek Classic

SekChek Classic comprises a set of automated computer security audit and benchmarking tools for non-mainframe platforms developed by SekChek IPS in 1996.
The product analyses the effectiveness of security controls on host systems supporting organisations’ applications and produces reports highlighting strengths, weaknesses, and recommended corrective actions, relating to security controls on a host or domain.
The reports are offered in user selectable formats, including Microsoft Word, Excel and Access. The product comprises four security analysis modules: "Windows", "AS400", "UNIX" and "NetWare" as well as "SekCrypt", a symmetric encryption/decryption module.
Supported platforms and technologies.
Operating systems:
Encryption technologies
Microsoft Office versions:
Features.
The audit tools scan security policies, control settings and values from the enterprise’s host operating system. The security settings and values are benchmarked against data points contained in a statistics database and mapped against various industry types, geography, operating platform and number of system accounts.
The statistics database contains over 30 million anonymous security measures retrieved from over 70,000 analyzed systems located in 130 countries. The reports are offered in Microsoft Word, Excel and Access and contain technical and high level summaries. The developers of the software designed the reports to assist IT and Audit professionals determine the effectiveness of host security and provide formal evidence of auditing for inclusion in working papers.
The Windows, AS400, UNIX and NetWare tools scan a system for security policies and objects defined on the target host or domain. The product analyses the host’s details, User and Group accounts, Group memberships, Account Rights, Administrative privileges, Security policies, Security properties, Services, Audit Events, Network Shares, Disks and Host Properties.
The SekCrypt utility is a symmetric encryption tool that can encrypt and decrypt files using encryption algorithms 3DES and AES (Rijndael).
Criticism.
Clients, with company policies against exporting sensitive corporate data, were concerned about using SekChek Classic. Some of these concerns were dissipated with the development of the SekChek Local tool – a product utilized for on-site assessment of Windows systems.

</doc>
<doc id="19396419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396419" title="Cinema of Odisha">
Cinema of Odisha

Oriya Film Industry () or Ollywood refers to the Oriya language Indian film industry based in Cuttack and Bhubaneswar in Odisha, India. The origin of the name is disputed, and is believed to be a portmanteau of the words Oriya and Hollywood.
Industry.
In 1974, the Government of Odisha declared film making and construction of cinema theaters as industry in the state, and two years later in 1976, it established the Orissa Film Development Corporation, based in Cuttack.
History.
Oriya filmography has no history of silent film like Bengali cinema. Its first production was a talkie. The first Oriya talkie Sita Bibaha was made by Mohan Sundar Deb Goswami in 1936. Drawn from the great Indian epic Ramayana, the story tells about the marriage of Sita with Ram. The actual plot was made from a drama written by Kamala Mishra. Prepared with a budget of only Rs 30,000, the film has 14 song sequences. Despite it being the first Oriya film with several drawbacks in every section of its making, the two-hour-long movie generated great enthusiasm among the people. Released by Laksmi Talkies,Puri. The 12-reeled film had in its cast line Makhanlal Banerjee (Ram) who received only Rs 120 for his performance, Aditya Ballav Mohanty (Lakhsman) who got only Rs 35 as conveyance allowance and Prabati Devi (Sita) who was paid the highest amount of Rs 150. This was a landmark film of Oriya Film Industry.
The pace of Oriya film production in the initial years was very slow. After Sita Bibaha, only two films were produced till 1951. A joint consortium of landlords and businessmen who collected fund after 1948 produced those two movies. The 1951 production Roles to Eight was the first Oriya film having an English name. It was released after 15 years of the first Oriya film Sita Bibaha. It was the fourth Oriya film produced by Ratikant Pkadhi. The eleventh Oriya film Sri Lokenath was the first Oriya film, which got National Award in 1960 directed by Prafulla Sengupta.
The same year, Prasanta Nanda won National Award as best actor for the film Nua Bou with his debut film. The name of Prasanta Nanda would always come while dealing with Oriya Film Industry. He was present in Oriya films since 1939, but he became super active only after 1976. Nanda served Oriya Film Industry as an actor, director, screenplay writer, and lyricist and even as a playback singer. Such a versatile genius is quite rare in Indian cinema history. Nanda alone carried Oriya films into the national honor list by winning National Awards for three times in 1960, 1966 and 1969 for his acting in Nua Bou, Matir Manisha and Adina Megha.
Mohammed Mohsin started the revolution in the Oriya film industry by not only securing the essence of the Oriya culture but also bringing in the newness in the way the film industry was watching Oriya movies. PHOOL CHANDAN was written by sankar Das. He belongs to mayurbhanj. His movies heralded in the golden era of the Oriya film industry by bringing in freshness to Oriya movies. His directorial debut was Phoola Chandana for which he won the best director award from the state. He had to his credit 16 box office successful movies in his directorial stint. He started as an actor in character roles and gave household names like Raaka to Odisha. Mohsin stated his career with B.R. Chopra as an assistant director before making his presence felt in the Oriya film industry.
Uttam Mohanty, whose debut film Abhiman won accolade, was ruling hero of the Oriya Film Industry in 90s. His wife Aparajita Mohanty is also a roaring actress. Actress Nandita Das, who acted in several Hindi movies like Fire, has Oriya origin. She acted in Susanta Misra directed Biswaprakash which won National Award in 2000. Many critic have so far termed Bijay Mohanty and Mihir Das to be two of the best ever Oriya actors so far. Siddhanta Mahapatra, a new generation star, has an increasing number of fans following rightly to be included amongst all time greats. Archita, another successful actress in the millennium era of Oriya cinema has been also hitting the silver screen with a golden touch. Anubhab Mohanty is a well-known name in Ollywood. He is famous for his action and romantic movie.
Oriya Film Industry, especially in 1960s and in 1970s, were highly indebted to Bengali films. Several Bengali directors help their Oriya counterparts to help make films. Eminent director Mrinal Sen even directed an Oriya film Matira Manisha which won National Award for best actor Prashanta Nanda.
Cast and crew.
Personalities of the Oriya film industry include:

</doc>
<doc id="19396428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396428" title="Erich Würdemann">
Erich Würdemann

Erich Würdemann (15 January 1914, in Hamburg – 14 July 1943, west of Vigo in the Bay of Biscay) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
In April 1933, Würdemann joined the "Reichsmarine", which became the "Kriegsmarine" two years later. During the first year of the war he served on the destroyer "Paul Jacobi", before transferring to the U-boat force in November 1940. After the usual training he served for one patrol aboard under Wolfgang Lüth, before commissioning the Type IXC U-boat in September 1941. He sailed on five war patrols, and sank 15 merchant ships for a total of and damaged three ships ().
Würdemann's most successful patrol (his second) took him into the Gulf of Mexico in May 1942, where he sank nine ships and damaged three. His next patrol took him to the waters off West Africa, where he sank another five ships and was involved in the Laconia incident. After "U-156" sank the passenger liner , which was carrying 450 British and Polish soldiers, and about 1,800 Italian prisoners of war, the U-boat commenced rescue operations, and was joined by other U-boats in the area, including "U-506", but were later attacked by an American aircraft, which resulted in Admiral Dönitz issuing an order to the Navy not to pick up survivors.
Würdemann sailed to the waters off South Africa in early 1943 and sank two more ships. Finally, on 14 July 1943, six days into his fifth patrol, Würdemann was killed, along with all but six of his crew, when "U-506" was sunk by depth charges in the Atlantic west of Vigo, Spain, by an B-24 Liberator of the USAAF 1st Antisubmarine Squadron.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of Erich Würdemann is credited with the sinking of 14 ships for a total of , further damaging three ships of and damaging one ship so severely that it was a total loss of .

</doc>
<doc id="19396435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396435" title="Eustache le Peintre de Reims">
Eustache le Peintre de Reims

Eustache le Peintre de Reims or Eustache de Rains (fl. 1225–40) was a trouvère from Reims, possibly a painter ("peintre"), but that may just be a family name. Seven poems of his are preserved in surviving chansonniers. 
Eustache addressed one of his songs, "Amours, coment porroie chancon faire", to Guigues IV, Count of Forez and Nevers. Guigues participated in the Crusade of Theobald I of Navarre in 1239 and died in 1241; Eustache's poem was probably written during this time. 
All of Eustache's poems are in isometric decasyllables; stanzas are usually eight lines in length with two rhymes. His melodies are simple, and recorded in bar form. He must have participated in "puys", for his "Force d'Amours me destraint et mestroie" is labelled a "chanson couronnée" (crowned, i.e. prized, song) in one of the manuscripts. 

</doc>
<doc id="19396437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396437" title="Northern Mariana Islands' at-large congressional district">
Northern Mariana Islands' at-large congressional district

The Northern Mariana Islands' At-large congressional district encompasses the entire U.S. Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI). The territory does not have a voting member of Congress, but does elect a delegate who can participate in debates with the United States House of Representatives. On November 4, 2008, the first delegate was elected to the 111th United States Congress which began on January 3, 2009.
Electoral history.
Pursuant to , the Northern Mariana Islands elected a non-voting delegate to Congress, replacing a CNMI-paid non-congressional position. Among nine candidates, independent candidate Gregorio Sablan won the election with 24% of the votes, and incumbent Resident Representative Pedro Agulto Tenorio (Republican) came in second with 21% of the votes. Since the CNMI traditionally has general elections in odd-numbered years, this office was the only contest in the November 2008 ballot.

</doc>
<doc id="19396446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396446" title="Party lists in the New Zealand general election, 2008">
Party lists in the New Zealand general election, 2008

This page provides the party lists put forward in New Zealand's 2008 elections. Party lists determine (in the light of country-wide proportional voting) the appointment of list MPs under the MMP electoral system. Electoral law required submission of all party lists for this particular election by 14 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19396450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396450" title="Nereo Champagne">
Nereo Champagne

Nereo Champagne (born 20 January 1985 in Salto) is an Argentine football goalkeeper currently playing for Club Olimpo in the Argentine Primera División.
Career.
Club.
Champagne made his league debut for San Lorenzo in a 4-1 win to Gimnasia de Jujuy on December 9, 2007. In 2010, after only 3 games played in 3 years, Champagne was loaned to second division side Ferro.
National team.
Champagne was a part of the Argentine squad for the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19396454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396454" title="John Murray Mitchell">
John Murray Mitchell

John Murray Mitchell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19396468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396468" title="Young, Wild and Free">
Young, Wild and Free

Young, Wild and Free is the first full length album by Canadian glam metal band, Brighton Rock. The album was released in 1986, and spawned the Canadian hit singles; "We Came to Rock" and "Can't Wait for the Night". The album charted at #82 in Canada and was certified Gold by the CRIA in 1989. Gerry McGhee announced on April 30th, 2013 that Young, Wild and Free will be remastered by Warner Records
Track listing.
All songs by Gerry McGhee and Greg Fraser.

</doc>
<doc id="19396477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396477" title="Chimalpopoca (Moctezuma)">
Chimalpopoca (Moctezuma)

Chimalpopoca is identified by some sources as a son of the Tlatoani Moctezuma II, not be confused with an earlier Aztec ruler of the same name. According to some authors he was taken out of Tenochtitlan as a prisoner with other noble men by the
Spaniards in the Noche Triste. Chimalpopoca is the son of Tlatoani Acamapichtli and the brother of Huitzilihuitl. He was born 1480 in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="19396496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396496" title="Coastal trevally">
Coastal trevally

The coastal trevally, "Carangoides coeruleopinnatus" (also known as the onion trevally, Japanese trevally and bluefin kingfish) is a species of inshore marine fish in the jack family Carangidae. The species is distributed throughout the tropical and subtropical waters of the Indian and west Pacific Oceans, from South Africa in the west to Japan and New Caledonia in the east, reaching as far south as Australia. The species is found on deep coastal reefs, both in schools and as solitary individuals, where they prey on small midwater organisms including crustaceans, small fish and cephalopods. The species is taken as bycatch in a number of fisheries throughout its range by a number of fishing methods and is of little commercial value, but is considered to be a good table fish. A mistype in the original volume in which Eduard Rüppell named the species led to the combination "Carangoides caeruleopinnatus", which has incorrectly spread through the literature.
Taxonomy and naming.
The coastal trevally is formally classified within the genus "Carangoides", one of a number of groups of fish referred to as jacks and trevallies. "Carangoides" is further classified in the family Carangidae, itself part of the suborder Percoidei and the order Perciformes; the perch-like fishes.
The species was first scientifically described and named by the German naturalist Eduard Rüppell in 1830 based on a specimen collected from the waters of the Red Sea off Saudi Arabia, which was designated to be the holotype. He named the new species "Caranx coeruleopinnatus", with the species name translating to 'blue-finned', although the species shows no such colouration, and may be the result of some confusion by the author. In the volume in which the species is described, an apparent mistype produces the name "Caranx caeruleopinnatus", which has also widely, albeit incorrectly, entered the scientific literature. The species was transferred initially to the genus "Citula", a now defunct genus of jacks, before moving to its current status in "Carangoides". The species has also been independently renamed five times; the first as "Carangoides ophthalmotaenia" by Pieter Bleeker in 1852 and most recently as "Citula diversa" by Gilbert Whitley in 1940. In 1924, a juvenile specimen was named "Caranx uii" by Yojiro Wakiya, a name which became widespread throughout the literature, and was commonly known as the 'Japanese trevally', before being sunk into "C. coeruleopinnatus" in 1986 by William Smith-Vaniz.
The species is commonly known as the 'coastal trevally' or 'coastal kingfish', with other commonly applied English names including 'onion trevally', 'Japanese trevally', 'bluefin kingfish', 'shortfin kingfish', and 'diverse trevally'.
Description.
The coastal trevally is similar in body to most other jacks, having a nearly ovate, strongly compressed body, with the dorsal profile more convex than the ventral profile, with a moderately curved nape. It is moderately large, growing to a recorded maximum of 40 cm, although more commonly seen at around 25 cm. The dorsal fin is divided into two distinct sections, the first consisting of 8 spines, with the second consisting of a single spine followed by 20 to 23 soft rays. The lobe of the second dorsal fin is filamentous in juveniles, becoming shorter with age until at the adult stage, the lobe is shorter than the head length and the anal fin lobe. The anal fin consists of 2 detached spines followed by 1 spine anterior to 16 to 20 soft rays. The pelvic fin contains a single spine and 18 to 20 soft rays. The lateral line has a moderate anterior arch, with the junction of the curved and straight section below the 12th to 14th dorsal ray. The straight section of the lateral line contains 16 to 20 scutes, with the lateral line having 31 to 50 combined scales and scutes over its entire length. The breast is devoid of scales ventrally to behind the pelvic fin origin and up to the pectoral fin base, although in rare cases this is interrupted by a lateral band of scales. Both jaws contain bands of villiform teeth, with the bands becoming wider anteriorly. There are a total of 21 to 27 gill rakers and 24 vertebrae.
In life, the coastal trevally is bluish green above, fading to a silvery grey on the underside, with the sides having many small yellow spots. There is a small dark blotch on the upper margin of the opercle. The dorsal, anal and caudal fins are dusky, although the caudal is often slightly yellow, while the pectoral fins are pale yellow and the pelvic fins are hyaline to grey. Juveniles have dark vertical bands which fade as the fish become adults, and become indistinct at larger sizes.
Distribution and habitat.
Coastal trevally are rarely found close to shore, with adults inhabiting deep coastal reef systems, and the species is also thought to live a pelagic lifestyle. Juveniles have been recorded in Natal estuaries, and in shallow bays in northern Australia,
but the movements of the species are poorly understood. Like other species of jack, the coastal trevally is attracted to floating devices, with the fish occasionally caught by anglers around specially built FADs (fish attracting devices).
Biology and fishery.
The coastal trevally is poorly studied, and as such there is little information regarding its biology and ecology. The species is known to occur both in small shoals and individually, and is a planktonivorous fish, consuming small midwater organisms including krill, mantis shrimp, small fish and squid. The mouth of the coastal trevally is soft, and the teeth fairly weak, which prevents the capture of larger prey items. It is a rather sluggish fish in comparison to other members of the Carangidae. Nothing is known of reproduction in the species, and its movements are also unknown.
The coastal trevally is of little or no importance to most fisheries throughout its range, occasionally taken as bycatch in finfish and prawn operations, using hook and line, gill nets and other various types of trap. Due to its deep reef nature, the species is of little interest to anglers, and is rarely taken by them. The coastal trevally is considered to be a good table fish, however, and it has limited commercial value in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="19396514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396514" title="Libera Me (album)">
Libera Me (album)

Libera Me (en: "Set Me Free") is the third album (not including the English version, "The Dark Side") by Spanish power metal band DarkSun, released on September 29, 2008. 
"Libera Me" was produced by lead vocalist Daniel González. David Figueiras performed the lead guitars, now that González has left the guitars and centred mainly on vocal duties. The drums were played by former member Dani Cabal, who played on the band's first album, "El Legado", and returned to the group from 2007 to 2008, being replaced by current drummer José Ojeda. The keyboards were played by Ana Fernandes, who replaced Víctor Fernández after leaving in the summer of 2007. "Miedo" was the first single for the album and also the new video clip of the band, which was directed and produced by Jacinto Hinojal. The album contained special features, like the video clip, pictures of the making of. The cover was created by Daniel Alonso, who has also worked for bands like WarCry and Hard Spirit, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19396531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396531" title="J0">
J0

J0 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19396574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396574" title="Oak Street School">
Oak Street School

Oak Street School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19396594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396594" title="Martina Thorogood">
Martina Thorogood

Martina Thorogood Heemsen (born February 4, 1975 in Valencia) is a Venezuelan pageant titleholder who represented her country at Miss World 1999. 
Pageant participation.
Miss Venezuela.
Thorogood, who is tall, competed in the national beauty pageant Miss Venezuela 1999 where she won the title. Also won the special awards of "Miss Internet" and "Miss Integral". She represented the Miranda state at the contest.
Unlike previous Miss Venezuela pageants where the winner was sent to Miss Universe and the 1st Runner-Up was sent to Miss World, Martina was selected to represent Venezuela at both Miss World and Miss Universe. This was due to shocking exclusions of Venezuelan delegates Christina Dieckmann in 1997 and Veronica Schneider in 1998. 
Miss World 1999.
Thorogood was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss World 1999 pageant held in London, England, UK on December 4, 1999, where she finished as the 1st Runner-up to the eventual winner, Yukta Mookhey of India. 
After competing in Miss World she was to compete in Miss Universe 2000 but was denied by the Miss Universe Organization because she was 1st Runner-Up in Miss World and there was a chance that she could become Miss World should the winner resign or lose her crown. As a result a second, smaller pageant was held among delegates who had competed in previous Miss Venezuela competitions, and Claudia Moreno was chosen to compete at Miss Universe. Moreno also placed 1st Runner-Up. After this the Miss Venezuela Organization reverted back to its original system of the winner competing in Miss Universe and the 1st Runner-Up competing in Miss World.

</doc>
<doc id="19396597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396597" title="Denis Leyne">
Denis Leyne

The Senior Vice President of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Denis Leyne was removed from his position in 1991 after he was investigated for his links to Sean John McCann, who had been charged with trying to purchase a Stinger missile for the Provisional Irish Republican Army. The following year, Leyne was arrested himself as part of a 1992 investigation that alleged that four citizens of the Republic of Ireland had conspired to ship detonators to the Provos. He died less than a year after his acquittal.
Life.
In 1956, Leyne immigrated to Canada and took a job as a banker. He married Maureen Moore, with whom he had a daughter and four sons.
Leyne, Michael Quigley and Greth Dillon formed a group named "Action Grosse Ile", and published a book titled "The Holocaust at Grosse Ile".
Leyne was arrested as he flew from Toronto to New York City in 1992. 
Although he was granted bail on November 17, he was held pending extradition to Arizona to face charges; amidst complaints from family members that visits were difficult. Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) agent Richard D. Garland testified against Leyne, although he was acquitted of all charges on April 26, 1994.
Despite being found Not Guilty, CSIS continued to watch Leyne, and agent Don Lunau sought Auxiliary Postal Inspector John Farrell's help in stealing a postal relay key, to allow them to intercept Leyne's mail without the required judicial warrant.
Leyne died of a massive heart attack on February 5, 1995. A Gaelic Athletics Tournament, hosted by St.Michael's Gaelic Football and Hurling Club in Toronto was named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19396603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396603" title="J8">
J8

J8, J08, J 8 or J-8 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19396608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396608" title="Hunterian Society">
Hunterian Society

The Hunterian Society, founded in 1819 in honour of the Scottish surgeon John Hunter (1728–1793), is a society of physicians and dentists based in London.
Established by Dr William Cooke, a general practitioner, and Thomas Armiger, a surgeon, who both practiced in the City of London and the East End of London, the Society has devoted its activities for nearly two hundred years towards the pursuit of medical knowledge and learning. Meetings are always held over dinner, which precedes the subject for debate.
Between 1815 and 1828, Sir William Blizard (1743–1835), who was a former pupil of John Hunter, praised Hunter at the Royal College of Surgeons of England in three Hunterian Orations, and it is believed to be due to his influence that the new Society adopted the name 'Hunterian', rather than 'The London Medical and Physical Society', which was the name first proposed for it.
Blizard became the Society's first President and had the aim of keeping it within the Hunterian tradition. In an oration of 1826, he said: "May the honoured name of Hunter ever have a magic influence on the minds of its members".
The Society promotes an annual oration and awards an annual medal.
Hunterian Society Oration.
According to the rules of the society:" "The Annual Oration, to be called the Hunterian Society Oration, shall be delivered by the Orator for the current session, at a Meeting of the Society. The primary purpose of the Oration is to Commemorate the life and work of John Hunter, as also of his brother William Hunter, and to set forth the influence of the Hunterian example and tradition in the development of the science and art of Medicine. This tradition includes exact observation, experiment, and the application of anatomical and physiological science, human and comparative, to practical Medicine.It is not intended to exclude from the scope of the Annual Oration topics bearing upon the History of Medicine, and upon the relation of Medicine to other sciences and to human life in its widest sense, as well as other topics which cannot suitably be made the subject of an ordinary medical communication".".
Not to be confused with the Hunterian oration at the Royal College of Surgeons of England.
"Source of names 1826-1907" : Hunterian Society 
Hunterian Society medal.
The gold medal has been awarded annually since 1932 for the best essay on a subject selected by the society.
The silver medal has been awarded since 1908 for the best essay by a general practitioner which embodied the results of his own investigations on the subject of medicine, surgery or midwifery.
The Society gives an annual prize, which is awarded for a presentation on a subject connected to the history of medicine, which "...may be modern but should have a Hunterian flavour". The Award is of £1,000, a medal and one year's membership of the Society.
Presidents.
"Source for 1819-1906:" Hunterian Society 

</doc>
<doc id="19396612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396612" title="Tlaltecatzin">
Tlaltecatzin

Tlaltecatzin, according to some sources, was a son of the Aztec tlatoani Moctezuma II. In the Noche Triste he was taken out of Tenochtitlán as a prisoner with other Aztec noble men, also prisoners, one of them was his brother Chimalpopoca. The Aztecs killed Montezuma’s sons Chimalpopoca, Tlaltecatzin.
References.
Orozco y Berra, Manuel; Historia Antigua y de la Conquista de México; Ciudad de México, 1888. Volume IV, pp 445 and 446.
González-Obregón, Luis; Las Calles de México; Ciudad de México, 1992. Page 6.

</doc>
<doc id="19396618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396618" title="1992 North American IRA arrests">
1992 North American IRA arrests

Described as a "political witch hunt", four men were arrested as part of a "terrorism operation" on charges of trying to purchase 2,900 detonators from a supplier in Arizona in November 1989, believed to be destined for the Provisional Irish Republican Army. They were found not guilty of conspiracy to smuggle the devices back to their native Ireland.
Although all citizens of the Republic of Ireland, Thomas Maguire from Fermanagh, and Gerard Branigan and Patrick Moley from Armagh were legal residents of the United States, and Denis Leyne from Cork was a legal Canadian resident living in Toronto. Moley's brother Shamus had been arrested in 1990, along with Canadian Sean John McCann, following the attempted purchase of a Stinger missile.
Although they were granted bail on November 17, they were held pending extradition to Arizona to face charges; amidst complaints from their family members that visits were difficult.
Two native-born Floridians, John Lynch and William Kelly, were also charged in the conspiracy, but denied ever having even known the four men.

</doc>
<doc id="19396619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396619" title="Tin Kai-Man">
Tin Kai-Man

Tin Kai-Man, also spelled Tin Kai-mun, is a Hong Kong actor and production manager, most notable for his role in "Shaolin Soccer". A well-known friend of Stephen Chow, he began acting in his films with the 1994 "Hail the Judge". Tin also worked with Chow on the actor and director's highly successful "Kung Fu Hustle".

</doc>
<doc id="19396633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396633" title="Carolina Indriago">
Carolina Indriago

Lucbel Carolina Indriago Pinto (born 22 Aug 1980) is a Venezuelan show hostess and a pageant titleholder. She was born in Valencia, Venezuela on August 22, 1980. She is the first woman of noticeably black heritage to win the Miss Venezuela title. Indriago was the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1998, and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1999 pageant held in Chaguaramas, Trinidad & Tobago on May 26, 1999, when she classified in the 5 finalists.
Currently, Carolina is a TV host in Venezuela, where she host the show Portada's on Venevisión.

</doc>
<doc id="19396674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396674" title="Princeton Friends School">
Princeton Friends School

Princeton Friends School (PFS) is an independent Quaker day Kindergarten-8th grade school in Princeton, Mercer County, New Jersey, USA. It is under the care of Princeton Monthly Meeting and located on the Meeting's historic property, adjacent to both the Institute for Advanced Study Woods and the Princeton Battlefield. The school is governed by a Board of Trustees who are appointed by the head of school and include members of the Religious Society of Friends, attenders of the Princeton Monthly Meeting, parents of students in the school, and members of the broader Princeton community.
PFS History: "In 1781, a small school was opened in what we now call the Schoolmaster’s House, on the 10-acre grounds of the Princeton Monthly Meeting. Contrary to the times, the little Quaker school was open to all, and students included children of slaves and Native Americans. A larger one-room schoolhouse, adjacent to the Meetinghouse, was built in 1800 and served the community for decades. After it fell into disrepair, the old schoolhouse was dismantled around 1900.
Almost 100 years later, Princeton Friends School was founded in 1987 by a small group of educators inspired by the ideals of both Friends education and progressive education. Renting space from Princeton Monthly Meeting, and later coming “under the care of” that meeting, the school opened with 19 students in 1st through 7th grades, two full-time teachers (Head of School Jane Fremon and Gale Whittier), and two part-time teachers (Assistant Head Nancy Wilson and PFS math teacher and advisor Richard Fischer). As the school gradually expanded over the following years, Princeton Monthly Meeting gave permission for the construction of a permanent home – the Schoolhouse – on the property.
In September 1997 the Schoolhouse opened its doors, providing for the school a central library, a large assembly space, faculty office space, and six classrooms. Portable classrooms in trailers that had for several years graced what is known as the school’s “back circle” were retired, and Princeton Friends School now had the space to serve its enrollment of 125 students.
Ten years later, West House, with its two primary classrooms, two science labs, a Learning Center, an art room, and a nurse’s office, opened its doors in September 2008. An outdoor hard-surface play court, an expanded playground, and a pair of outbuildings were also included in this project. In the coming years the campus plan will be completed with the renovation of the Schoolmaster’s House for administrative offices and the expansion of the Schoolhouse Great Room." Schoolhouse

</doc>
<doc id="19396690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396690" title="Love Machine (album)">
Love Machine (album)

Love Machine is the third full length album by Canadian glam metal band, Brighton Rock. The album was released in 1991.
History.
Before the album was recorded, the band's keyboardist, Johnny Rogers, departed the band. Brighton Rock wanted a harder sound, with lead vocalist Gerry McGhee stating, "We didn't really feel that keyboards were part of us anymore. There's really no place for them in our musical direction now." Rogers was replaced for touring purposes by a second guitar player, Greg Bioleau, who previously played with McGhee in his first band, The Rockers.
The album failed to chart, but the single "Hollywood Shuffle" charted at #6 on the Cancon: To Watch chart. In 1992 the album was nominated for a Juno Award for Hard Rock Album of the Year. Cocaine was recorded live in the studio with one take.

</doc>
<doc id="19396706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396706" title="Downtown Anaheim">
Downtown Anaheim

Downtown Anaheim, also known as Anaheim's Colonial District [http://www.anaheimcolony.com/index.html], is the administrative and historic center of Anaheim, California. Unlike most big city downtowns, Downtown Anaheim is not the economic heart and focal point of this city. The economic heart and focal point of Anaheim and Orange County is the adjacent district just south of Downtown Anaheim--the Anaheim Resort District, which includes the Disneyland Resort and the Anaheim Convention Center. Another prominent district located south east of Downtown Anaheim, and adjacent to the Anaheim Resort, is the Platinum Triangle District. 
Buildings and attractions.
The Downtown Anaheim Skyline consists of the Bank of America Building and the Wells Fargo Building, which are both over 10 stories high. Other high-rise buildings in Downtown Anaheim include City Hall, West City Hall, the AT & T Building, the Anaheim Memorial Manor, and the Kraemer Building. Anaheim Police Headquarters, Anaheim's Main Central Library, and the Anaheim Chamber of Commerce are also located in Downtown Anaheim. The "Center Street Promenade" consists of shops, restaurants, and Downtown Anaheim's Farmers Market. Other attractions in the Center Street Promenade include Anaheim's "Art in Public Places" Artwalk, and Anaheim's History Walk which was unveiled on June 20, 2007. Also near the Center Street Promenade are The Muzeo, a major museum which opened in the Fall of 2007, and Anaheim Ice (formerly called "Disney Ice"), which is an ice skating rink opened to the public, and it also serves as the practice arena for the NHL team, the Anaheim Ducks. Also located in Anaheim's Colonial District is the oldest museum in Orange County—the Mother Colony House. The city park in Downtown Anaheim is Pearson Park, which was named after Charles Pearson, who served as Mayor of Anaheim when Disneyland opened its doors to the public in 1955. The Pearson Park Amphitheatre, an outdoor theater, is one of the big attractions in Pearson Park.
History.
During the days when Anaheim was a rural community surrounded by orange groves, the geographic center of town was at the intersection of Center Street and Los Angeles Street (now Lincoln Ave and Anaheim Blvd.) and the central business district was built around the center of town. Prior to the Grand Opening of Walt Disney's Theme Park, the old business district consisted of establishments such as the SQR Department Store, Chung King Restaurant, and the Pickwick Hotel. The Grand Opening of Disneyland brought the need for expansion of the Heart of Anaheim. Prior to Walt Disney's death in 1966, The City of Anaheim had plans to construct a forty-story office tower on the other side of Ball Road from Disneyland. Walt Disney knew right off that the skyscraper would be seen from inside Disneyland, thus altering the theme park's "Magic Kingdom Atmosphere." Disney met with the Anaheim city officials and an "Anti Skyline Ordinance" was passed, which stated that no high rise in Anaheim could be built which could be seen from inside Walt Disney's Magical Kingdom. This forced the city to expand its heart outward, instead of upward like most major cities do. Today, the heart of Anaheim consists of three districts: 1) Downtown Anaheim, 2) the Anaheim Resort, and 3) the Platinum Triangle. As the Heart of Anaheim expanded outward more and more during the mid-late 1960s and 1970s, the old downtown district began to deteriorate. By the mid 1970s, Downtown Anaheim had succumbed entirely to urban blight. The city began the process of demolishing the old downtown district and replacing it with a new Downtown District with a miniature skyline development. This process took a little more than fifteen years. The only structures from the old business district which still stand today are the old Carnegie Library Building which is now a museum, and the Kraemer Building (the old Bank of America Building) which was the tallest building in Anaheim prior to Disneyland's opening in 1955. The tallest building in Downtown Anaheim today is West City Hall, which is fourteen stories high. Currently, the tallest building in the entire city is the Anaheim Marriott Hotel which is nineteen stories high and located in the Anaheim Resort District.
New Developments.
New Skyscrapers are planned for the city's A-Town Project which is currently under construction in the Platinum Triangle District. A-Town is supposed to be Orange County's Main "Downtown District" once it is completed. Downtown Anaheim's newest and most recent developments include, The Muzeo, the Promenade @ Anaheim, Carnegie Plaza, and the Harbor Lofts.

</doc>
<doc id="19396714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396714" title="Changampuzha Park">
Changampuzha Park

The Changampuzha Park is a popular location for various cultural activities in the coastal city of Kochi, Kerala, India. It is situated at Edappally, the birthplace of the great poet Changampuzha Krishna Pillai, on the side of the National Highway leading to Aluva. The beautifully laid-out Changampuzha park is popular among children, elderly persons and others. It serves as a venue for several art and cultural programmes of importance. The park is maintained by Greater Cochin Development Authority, and houses the Changampuzha Samskarika Kendram (Changampuzha Cultural Society). The park serves as a live monument to the evergreen romantic Malayalam poet, Changampuzha Krishna Pillai and houses a statue of the great poet.
History.
The foundation stone for the Changampuzha Memorial Art centre was laid by the then Chief Minister of Kerala, C. Achutha Menon. However, until the formation of the Changampuzha Samskarika Kendram, the park was often home to anti-social elements of the city. However, with the establishment of CSK, things started to change. In 2001-2002, the Executive Committee of the Kendram decided to conduct a workshop of veterans in the fields of various channels of art worldwide and present with their participation manifold cultural programmes in the Park, extending over an uninterrupted period of three weeks. This multi dimensional exercise named "Viswa Kala Sangamam". This was an astounding success, and the organization started to conduct events on a regular basis. The significant events held over the years are documented on its web site[http://www.changampuzhapark.com].
Details.
The Park has a platform which measures 40 feet X 40 feet, opposite to the old platform which was much smaller. This platform serves as an open-air auditorium for various performances including Kathakali, traditional theatre, realistic drama etc. The park has a children's play area which has seesaws, slides, swing and a merry-go-round. There are two circular rooms in the park which serve as recreation rooms, of which one is used for playing chess and carroms and houses a television and radio. A real IN172 aeroplane stands proudly at one end of the park, facing the national highway. Works of art, created during sculpture camps held in the park have been installed in the park.
Major Recurring Activities in the Park.
The contents in this section have been obtained from information in
Edappally Sangeetha Sadas formed in Nov 2003 conducts Classical Music Concerts every month,besides 9 Day Navarathri Festival and 4 Day Annual Music Festival.Thyagaraja Aradhana,Muthuswami Dikshithar Day,Swathi Thirunal Day and Muthaiaha Bhagavathar Day are also observed every year.
Edappally Kathakali Aswadaka Sadas founded in 2002 for promoting and popularising Kathakali conducts Kathakali every month besides its 3 Day Annual Kathakali Festival in January.
Edappally Senior Citizen's Forum is also very active with weekly meetings on every Tuesday evening ( Aazhchaavattom ) and birthday celebrations of its members.
Kavyamoola: This event is held on the second Sunday of every month starting at 1600 hours. During this event, budding young poets present poems composed by themselves. The fourth anniversary of Kavyamoola was celebrated in 2006. During this event, noted Kathakali artist and poet, Kalamandalam Keshavan was all praise for the young poets who regularly turn up at Kavyamoola and their works.
Akshara Sloka Sadas: This event, which is held on the fourth Sunday of every month starting at 1400 hours usually attracts at least 35 experts in who engage in Aksharaslokam recitals. On an annual basis, Akshara Sloka competitions are held for school students.
Malayalam Day Celebrations: On November 1 every year (the day of the formation of the state of Kerala), a public meeting of eminent people in Malayalam literature is held followed by recital of poems and Thiruvathirakali.

</doc>
<doc id="19396720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396720" title="Sandy Hoffmann">
Sandy Hoffmann

Sandy Hoffmann (born 16 April 1993) is a German figure skater. She has one senior international medal, bronze at the 2012 Warsaw Cup, and is the 2013 German national bronze medalist.
Career.
Hoffmann was coached by Evelyn Gutzeit until early summer 2008, when Gutzeit retired from coaching. Since then, she is coached by Ilona Schindler and Ingrid Lehmann, former coaches of Simone Koch, in Dresden and Chemnitz, Germany.
Hoffmann won junior titles at the Bavarian Open and the Heiko Fischer Pokal. She made her Junior Grand Prix debut at the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix event in Ostrava, Czech Republic, where she placed 5th and set her personal best. During this competition, she was coached by Ilona Schindler.
Hoffmann made her international senior debut at the 2008 NRW Trophy in Dortmund and her national senior debut at the 2009 German Championships in Oberstdorf.

</doc>
<doc id="19396723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396723" title="Moumin Bahdon Farah">
Moumin Bahdon Farah

Moumin Bahdon Farah (24 October 1939 – 1 September 2009) is a Djiboutian politician and the President of the Social Democratic People's Party (PPSD). He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1978 to 1993 and Minister of Justice from 1993 to 1996. Currently, he is a member of the National Assembly of Djibouti.
Farah is an Issa and a member of the Odah Gob subclan. Prior to independence, he became Minister of the Interior, Posts and Telecommunications in 1976, as part of the transitional government headed by Abdallah Mohamed Kamil. In Djibouti's first post-independence government, named on 15 July 1977, Farah was Minister of the Interior. He was moved to the post of Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation on 2 October 1978, and he remained Foreign Minister for nearly 15 years. In the December 1992 parliamentary election, Farah was the third candidate on the candidate list of the governing People's Rally for Progress (RPP) for the District of Djibouti. Following the 1992 election, Farah was moved to the position of Minister of Justice, Muslim Affairs and Prisons on 4 February 1993. He represented President Hassan Gouled Aptidon on the National Electoral Commission at the time of the May 1993 presidential election. He opposed the 1994 peace agreement with the moderate faction of the Front for the Restoration of Unity and Democracy (FRUD) rebel group. 
In 1995, Farah led a faction of the government that opposed Prime Minister Barkat Gourad Hamadou and the head of the Cabinet, Ismail Omar Guelleh. He was dismissed from his position as Minister of Justice, Muslim Affairs and Prisons by President Gouled on 27 March 1996. He also served as Secretary-General of the RPP, but was removed from the party leadership in 1996. In April 1996, he and his supporters established a new parliamentary group, the Group for Democracy and the Republic; Farah became its President.
At about the same time, together with two other deputies in the National Assembly, Ahmed Boulaleh Barreh and Ali Mahamade Houmed, Farah released a communiqué urging party militants and the people "to come together and mobilize to thwart, by all legal and peaceful means, this deliberate policy of President Hassan Gouled Aptidon to rule by terror and force while trampling underfoot our Constitution and republican institutions." As a result of this communiqué, he and the other two deputies were accused of offending the Head of State, and their parliamentary immunity was lifted on 15 June 1996 so that they could be tried on this charge. They appealed the lifting of their parliamentary immunity to the Constitutional Council on 20 June, and it responded favorably in a decision on 31 July 1996. Despite this, they were sentenced to six months in prison on 7 August 1996. They were also fined 200,000 Djiboutian francs and deprived of their civic rights for five years, thereby barring them from seeking election to the National Assembly during that time. A subsequent report to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights asserted that the trial was unfair. Farah joined the Unified Djiboutian Opposition (ODU) after his release and became a member of the ODU's High Council. Because the Group for Democracy and the Republic could not participate in the December 1997 parliamentary election, Farah instead urged support for Party for Democratic Renewal (PRD).
Farah was arrested in early May 1998 on the grounds that he was suspected of financing a radical faction of the Front for the Restoration of Unity and Democracy (FRUD). Along with Boulaleh Barreh and 15 soldiers, Farah was charged with fomenting military unrest and plotting a coup; they were put on trial in September 1998. On 25 November 1998, Farah signed a communiqué together with Abdillahi Hamareiteh, the President of the Party of Democratic Renewal (PRD), and Mahdi Ibrahim God, the President of the Djibouti United Opposition Front (FUOD), providing for the creation of an alliance between the three groups. On 1 October 2001, he and the others convicted of insulting the Head of State in 1996 were granted an amnesty.
Farah subsequently founded the PPSD in 2002; he filed a declaration for the PPSD at the Interior Ministry on 26 October 2002, and Interior Minister Abdoulkader Doualeh Waïs announced that the party was legally registered on 31 October 2002. Speaking in a television interview on 22 November 2002, Farah said that his new party was not part of the opposition, expressing support for the government and stating that the PPSD planned to ally with the RPP. Accordingly, the PPSD joined the RPP and two other parties in a coalition, the Union for a Presidential Majority (UMP), for the January 2003 parliamentary election. Farah was included as the 21st candidate on the UMP's candidate list for the District of Djibouti in this election and won a seat (the UMP won all 65 seats in the National Assembly). In the National Assembly, he has served on the External Affairs Commission.
In 2007, a former member of French intelligence said that Farah, while serving as Justice Minister, ordered Bernard Borrel—a French judge who was killed in Djibouti in 1995—to investigate major Djiboutian political figures. Farah released a statement on 15 July 2007 denying this claim. In the February 2008 parliamentary election, Farah was the fifth candidate on the UMP's candidate list for the District of Djibouti.
On September 1 2009, Moumin Bahdon Farah died in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19396733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396733" title="Psarosoupa">
Psarosoupa

Psarosoupa () is a fish soup, traditional to Greek cuisine. There are several variations on the soup. All include fish and vegetables. 
The types of fish used vary: carp, cod, hake, mackerel, salmon, skate, trout, turbot, perch, haddock, and swordfish are all possibilities. Some prefer a firm, white-fleshed fish, such as grouper, snapper, or rockfish, and avoid more oily fish.
Psarosoupa may be served with retsina.

</doc>
<doc id="19396759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396759" title="HAT-P-4">
HAT-P-4

HAT-P-4 is a F9-type main-sequence star in the constellation of Boötes. It is also designated BD+36°2593.
Planetary System.
This star is home to the transiting extrasolar planet HAT-P-4b.

</doc>
<doc id="19396762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396762" title="Compagnie de Chine">
Compagnie de Chine

The Compagnie de Chine was a French trading company established in 1660 by the Catholic society Compagnie du Saint-Sacrement, in order to dispatch missionaries to Asia (initially Bishops François Pallu, Pierre Lambert de la Motte and Ignace Cotolendi of the newly founded Paris Foreign Missions Society). The company was modelled on the Dutch East India Company.
A ship was built in the Netherlands by the shipowner Fermanel, but the ship foundered soon after being launched. The only remaining solution for the missionaries was to travel on land, since Portugal would have refused to take non-"Padroado" missionaries by ship, and the Dutch and the English refused to take Catholic missionaries. 
In 1664, the China Company would be fused by Jean-Baptiste Colbert with the Compagnie d'Orient and Compagnie de Madagascar into the Compagnie des Indes Orientales.
A second Compagnie de Chine was established in 1698. 
The Compagnie de Chine was reactivated in 1723.

</doc>
<doc id="19396764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396764" title="J. Clarence Karcher">
J. Clarence Karcher

John Clarence Karcher (June 4, 1894 – July 13, 1978) was an American geophysicist and businessman. He invented and eventually commercialized the reflection seismograph, applying for patents on this in 1919. In doing this he created the means by which most of the world's oil reserves have been discovered. In 1930 he and Eugene McDermott founded Geophysical Service Incorporated, a pioneering provider of seismic exploration services to the petroleum industry. This company later spun off what would become Texas Instruments.
Biography.
Early life.
John Clarence Karcher was born on April 15, 1894 in Dale, Indiana. He was the son of Leo and Mary (Madlon) Karcher. When he was five the family moved to Oklahoma Territory and settled in a farming community near Hennessey. In 1912 he earned a high school diploma.
Education.
As an undergraduate Karcher attended the University of Oklahoma where in 1916 he received a B.S. degree in both Electrical Engineering and physics and was at the head of his class. When the university was granted a chapter in 1918, he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. Upon graduation Karcher accepted the Tyndal Fellowship in Physics at the University of Pennsylvania where he began graduate work in September 1916. For his Ph.D. thesis he studied X-ray emissions. World War I interrupted his graduate studies and he served with the United States Bureau of Standards. His assignment was to locate heavy artillery batteries in France by studying acoustic waves the guns generated in the air. He noted an unexpected event in his research and switched his concentration to seismic waves in the earth. He thought it would be possible to determine the depth of underlying geological strata by vibrating the Earth's surface while precisely recording and timing the returning waves of energy. 
On October 16, 1920, Karcher married Lydia Kilborn; they had two children.
Career.
In 1919 Karcher applied for patents in reflection seismography. In 1921 this technology was proven as a valid method in the search for oil but at the time oil prices were such there was no demand for this new technology. Karcher first went to work for the Bureau of Standards, and then joined Western Electric Company where he performed research on ocean-bottom telegraph cable. It was here that he first met a young Eugene McDermott. 
Later when Everette Lee DeGolyer, vice president and general manager of Amerada Petroleum Corporation of Dallas, learned of Karcher's 1921 experiments with the seismograph he held a meeting with Karcher that resulted in the creation of Geophysical Research Corporation (GRC) of Tulsa. This was as a subsidiary of Amerada. Karcher was made vice president, given a $300,000 research fund and given a 15 percent stock interest. One of his first actions after establishing headquarters in Bloomfield, New Jersey, was to hire Eugene B. McDermott, his protégé from Western Electric, then a Columbia University graduate student. GRC introduced the seismic reflection method which over the next five years was accepted by the petroleum industry as a promising new tool. In 1930, with the backing of DeGolyer, now president of Amerada, Karcher and McDermott launched Geophysical Service Incorporated, which was later sold and renamed as Texas Instruments. Karcher served as president and McDermott as vice-president.
Legacy.
On June 4, 1971, the Geophysical Society of Oklahoma city erected a monument stating that at this site they "proved the validity of the reflection seismograph as a useful tool in the search for oil." To commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the first reflection seismic oil exploration test, a granite monument was erected at the site of this test. At this site, currently in Oklahoma City in the front lawn of Belle Isle Library, in 1921 Karcher and his team recorded their first seismic data.

</doc>
<doc id="19396805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396805" title="Checkered Flag (video game)">
Checkered Flag (video game)

Checkered Flag is a 1991 racing video game, for the Atari Lynx handheld game console which was developed and published by the Atari Corporation. This version of the game can support up to six players.
A remake of Checkered Flag was made for the Atari Jaguar in 1994. Unlike in the Atari Lynx version, the game features the option to change the color of a player's car in addition to the ability to modify the weather conditions.
A sequel was originally planned for the Jaguar under the name Checkered Flag 2, but the game was never released. Destination Software also planned to release a Game Boy Advance version of the title around 2005, but it was canceled before it was released.
Gameplay.
Indy-style racing game. Similar to SEGA's Virtua Racing.
Atari Lynx Version.
The Atari Lynx version of Checkered Flag was released in 1991, and was used as a pack-in game with the system in the Australian and European markets at some point in the system's life. It received a perfect 10 score from Robert A. Jung of IGN.
Atari Jaguar Version.
The polygonal graphics of the Jaguar version were reminiscent of an earlier Atari arcade hit Hard Drivin' from 1988, however by the time this game was released in 1994, it looked very outdated compared to SEGA's more polished Virtua Racing. 
The 2-D graphics of the Lynx version were reminiscent of early Atari 2600 hit Pole Position with several improvements.
Checkered Flag was released in November 1994 for Atari's Christmas campaign, alongside Doom, Club Drive, and . It was met with poor reception, possibly due to outdated graphics or its $69.99 MSRP.

</doc>
<doc id="19396811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396811" title="New South Wales C32 class locomotive">
New South Wales C32 class locomotive

The C32 class was a class of steam locomotives built for the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
History.
Introduction.
When the new Chief Commissioner, Edward Eddy, took office in 1888, he was anxious to have additional locomotives manufactured within the Colony, and the Government sought the formation of a manufacturing company in New South Wales by interested parties. When this failed, designs were prepared prior to inviting tenders in England.
Beyer, Peacock and Company was selected to build the new locomotives. The first batch of 50 locomotives were delivered between February 1892 and July 1893. They became known as the "Manchester Engines".
At the request of the Railway Commissioners, the builders altered the last two engines of the first batch to operate as compounds, but these did not prove satisfactory and during 1901 were converted to 2-cylinders. The particular compound arrangement was never used in another locomotive, before or since.
Further orders over the 19 years saw 11 locomotives built the last being delivered in April 1911. The initial 50 were built with six wheel tenders, the remainder with eight wheel bogie tenders. Many of the originals were later equipped with bogie tenders, however a number of the class kept the shorter tenders to enable them to be turned on the turntables at certain locations, including Hornsby, Campbelltown and Maitland. Hornsby had a 60' turntable in the 1960s. When was it 50'?
The final engine was built with a superheater, and tests showed a significant improvement in performance; as result the remaining 190 engines were similarly fitted as they became due for boiler renewal between 1914 and 1939.
The first passenger locomotives used on the Trans-Australian Railway the 26 strong G class, were of similar design, and the class leader is preserved at the National Railway Museum, Port Adelaide.
Into service.
When first introduced, the class was assigned to the Northern and Southern mail and express trains. Following the strengthening of the Wagga Wagga Viaduct in 1901, they worked the full length of the Main South line from Sydney to Albury, the express covering the 621 km in 12 hours and 35 minutes, including 14 stops.
With the arrival of even larger engines from 1909 to handle the important mail and express trains, the P class were redeployed to other passenger services. In November 1929 they were used on the inaugural "Newcastle Flyers". They also began hauling the "Caves Express" to Mount Victoria and the "South Coast Daylight Express" to Bomaderry.
Apart from some very light country branch lines, the class worked throughout the state. They worked almost all South Coast line passenger services right up until the end of steam. They were equally at home on commuter services to Campbelltown or Richmond; on Newcastle suburban trains as far as Singleton and Dungog; on country branch line mixed or goods trains or even the "Riverina Express" from Narrandera to Griffith.
Last years & demise.
The first of the class to be withdrawn was 3264 following an accident at Otford in July 1956. Following the arrival of the 48 class diesels from 1959 withdrawals began in earnest. On 24 July 1971 the last regularly steam-hauled passenger train in New South Wales was hauled by 3246 from Newcastle to Singleton. In December 1971 3229 (a shunting locomotive at Goulburn Depot) was the last of its class to be withdrawn.
The member of the class which attained the highest distance travelled in its life was 3210, with a figure of which was also the highest distance travelled by any New South Wales steam locomotive.

</doc>
<doc id="19396835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396835" title="List of Oriya-language films">
List of Oriya-language films

List of films produced in Oriya cinema in the Oriya language.
1994 in film.
Sagar Ganga Debut movie of Rachana Benerji
1997 in film.
Ahalya||Bijoy Ketan Mishra ||Tanuja Devi, Netrananda, Madhu Kar|| ||Was in Indian Panorama section of IFFI-1998. Won eight major Odisha State Awards for the year 1997. Mohan Sundar Dev Goswami award for Best Film, Best Director, Best Screenplay, Best Music, Best Actress, Best Cameraman, Best Art Direction, Best Supporting Actor.
2013 in film.
! width=20% | Title
! width=20% | Director
! width=20% | Cast
! width=10% | Genre
! width=10% | Release Date
! width=20% | Producer
! width=20% | Note
2014 in film.
! width=20% | Title
! width=20% | Director
! width=20% | Cast
! width=10% | Genre
! width=10% | Release Date
! width=20% | Producer
! width=20% | Note

</doc>
<doc id="19396840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396840" title="Michael Andersen">
Michael Andersen

Michael Dahl Andersen (born January 29, 1974), is a retired Danish professional basketball player. He is 2.13 m (7'0") in height and he plays at the position of center. 

</doc>
<doc id="19396940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396940" title="Gerry McGhee">
Gerry McGhee

Gerry McGhee is a Scottish singer who is most famous for singing for the Canadian glam metal band Brighton Rock.
Brighton Rock released four albums throughout their career, their most successful album being "Take a Deep Breath". That album was released in 1988. It charted at number 22 in Canada and was certified Gold by the CRIA. The album also spawned the hit single "One More Try". They broke up in 1991, reuniting in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19396975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396975" title="Hyun Sook-Hee">
Hyun Sook-Hee

Hyun Sook-Hee (Hangul: 현숙희, Hanja: 玄淑姫) (born March 3, 1973 in Seoul, South Korea) is a female South Korean judoka.
Hyun won the silver medal in the half-lightweight division (-52 kg) at the 1996 Summer Olympics. She also won bronze at the 1997 World Judo Championships in Paris, France.
In 2002, she earned an international judo referee licence from International Judo Federation, and is currently serving as a judo coach for Kwangyoung Girl's High School in Seoul, Korea. 

</doc>
<doc id="19396977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396977" title="2009 Tri Nations Series">
2009 Tri Nations Series

The 2009 Tri Nations Series was the fourteenth annual Tri Nations rugby union series between the national rugby union teams of New Zealand, Australia and South Africa, respectively nicknamed the All Blacks, Wallabies, and Springboks. The Springboks secured the season crown in their final match on 12 September, defeating the defending series champion All Blacks 32–29 in Hamilton.
Background.
New Zealand, South Africa and Australia were ranked first, second, and third in the world respectively by the International Rugby Board (IRB) immediately before the start of the Tri Nations on 30 June 2009. For South Africa, the tournament comes on the back of the British and Irish Lions Tour.
all blacks
Tri-Nations 2009.
On 18 July, the All Blacks drew first blood in the series, coming from behind to defeat the Wallabies 22–16 at Eden Park. The All Blacks then departed for a two-test series against the Springboks in South Africa (Bloemfontein and Durban). The Boks won the first test 28–19, a result that not only gave them the series lead but also put them ahead of the All Blacks for first place in the IRB World Rankings. The following week, they defeated the All Blacks again, with Morné Steyn scoring all of their points in a 31–19 win. Steyn's performance broke the previous mark of New Zealand's Andrew Mehrtens for individual points in a Tri Nations match. The Boks completed their home leg with a 29–17 win over the Wallabies in Cape Town, with Steyn scoring 24 of their points.
The series then travelled to Australia for the Wallabies' three home matches. It opened with the second Bledisloe Cup match with the All Blacks, won by the All Blacks 19–18. The Springboks then picked up a 32–25 bonus-point win over the Wallabies in Perth.
The Wallabies then defeated the Springboks 21–6, at Brisbane.
The Springboks had to wait another week to try grasp the Tri-Nations title, but had to face the All Blacks at home in Hamilton. The Boks claimed the Tri Nations crown for the first time since 2004 with a 32–29 win. In the final match of the series on 19 September, the All Blacks thumped the Wallabies 33–6 in Wellington.

</doc>
<doc id="19396979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396979" title="J52">
J52

J52 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19396988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19396988" title="Temple of Beit el-Wali">
Temple of Beit el-Wali

The Temple of Beit el-Wali is a rock-cut Ancient Egyptian temple in Nubia which was built by Pharaoh Ramesses II and dedicated to the deities of Amun-Re, Re-Horakhti, Khnum and Anuket. It was the first in a series of temples built by Ramesses II in this region; its name Beit el-Wali means 'House of the Holy Man' and may indicate its previous use as by a Christian hermit at some point in time. The temple was relocated during the 1960s as a result of the Aswan High Dam project and moved towards higher ground along with the Temple of Kalabsha. This move was coordinated with a team of Polish archaeologists financed jointly by a Swiss and Chicago Institute respectively. The temple was located 50 kilometres south of Aswan.
Political history.
The Nubian temples of Ramesses II (i.e. Wadi es-Sebua, Beit el-Wali and Abu Simbel), were part of a state sponsored policy designed to maintain Egyptian control over this area. During the New Kingdom period of Egypt, Nubia was not only ruled by Egyptian officials but also subject to:
Temple architecture and decorations.
There is a large amount of original colour remaining in the inner part of this temple though sadly the paint has disappeared from the more interesting historical scenes on its Forecourt. Near the middle of the south wall of the temple, Ramesses II is depicted charging into battle against the Nubians while his two young sons Amun-her-khepsef and Khaemwaset are shown being present in this relief scene. In the next relief scene,
"A painted cast from a wall relief" in the Beit el-Wali temple then illustrates the wealth of exotic products which the Egyptians obtained in trade or tribute from the Kushites; here, the pharaoh receives "leopard-skins, giraffe tails, giraffes, monkeys, leopards, cattle, antelopes, gazelles, lions, ostrich feathers and eggs, ebony, ivory, fans, bowls, shields made of hides, and gold." Some of the Nubians who are part of the tribute "would be destined to be taken to Egypt to work on the king's building projects, act as policemen or be recruited into the army for service in Syria." The overriding theme of Egyptian military success is also hammered home on the opposite wall, where Ramesses II's triumphal campaigns in Libya and Syria were recorded: he is portrayed trampling his enemies and holding others "by their hair in his left hand while smiting them with his right."
The theme of Ramesses' might is also carried into the temple's interior where there are further smiting scenes on the walls of the vestibule. Henceforth, Ramesses II is shown as a pious ruler who worships other deities; besides the doorway leading to the sanctuary "are niches containing statues of the king with (on the left) Isis and Horus and (on the right) Khnum and Anuket, the gods of Elephantine and the First Cataract." The pharaoh is shown presenting vases of wine to Khnum. The deity Anuket offers Ramesses several jubilees. The sanctuary contains 3 rock-cut cult images perhaps that of Amun, Ptah and Ramesses II. The most touching scenes are on eitherside of the doorway where Ramesses is shown as a child being suckled by Isis and Anuket; however, the statue niche was destroyed later perhaps in the Christian era. The exquisite reliefs of Beit el-Wali and its unusual plan differentiates it from later temples by this pharaoh which are located further south in Nubia.
The temple of Beit el-Wali is small, and was built on a symmetrical level. It is made up of a forecourt, an anteroom with two columns and a sanctuary cut into the surrounding rock, with the exception of the entrance and the doorway. The temple was fronted by a pylon.
At the beginning of the Christian Coptic period, the temple was used as a church. Many early travellers visited the temple; its architectural and artistic details were published by Günther Roeder in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="19397008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397008" title="R Boötis">
R Boötis

R Boötis is a variable star in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19397014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397014" title="Marena Bencomo">
Marena Bencomo

Marena Josefina Bencomo Giménez (born April 15, 1974 in Valencia, Carabobo) is Miss Venezuela 1996 and first runner-up to Miss Universe 1997.
Miss Venezuela.
Bencomo competed in 1996 as Miss Carabobo in her country's national beauty pageant, Miss Venezuela, capturing the crown and the right to represent her country in Miss Universe 1997.
Miss Universe.
As the official representative of her country to the 1997 Miss Universe pageant held in Miami Beach, Florida on May 16, 1997, she placed first runner-up to eventual winner Brook Lee of the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19397015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397015" title="Malika Amar Sheikh">
Malika Amar Sheikh

Malika Amar Sheikh is a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.
Family.
Malika is the daughter of Shahir Amar Sheikh, and the wife of Namdeo Dhasal.

</doc>
<doc id="19397022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397022" title="Estonian vernacular architecture">
Estonian vernacular architecture

The Estonian vernacular architecture consists of a number of traditional vernacular architectural styles throughout Estonia, embodied in villages, farmyards and farm houses. The oldest written sources describing Estonian villages date back to the 13th century when they were mentioned in the Liber Census Daniae and by the chronicler Henry of Livonia
Villages and farmyards.
Village styles varied according to geographical regions each having its own characteristic features. In the flat plains of northern Estonia and Saaremaa are seen the oldest forms of village where farms are assembled in compact clusters, with denser clusters found to the north west. In hilly country of southern Estonia a more dispersed type of village was found. In the east, on the coast of Lake Peipus and the eastern part of Setumaa, the classical street type village was predominant, while row type villages can be found all over the country.
Farm buildings.
The Estonian farmhouse has a unique architectural style that differs fundamentally from similar buildings in neighbouring countries. Its evolution is connected with the Estonian staple black bread and an agrarian tradition dating back some 4000 years, with the threshing barn and dwelling housed under the same roof, thatched with reeds or rye straw. 
The form of a traditional 19th century farmhouse is a long chimney-less building with low walls of horizontal logs and a high straw thatched roof. The log walls are one third and the roof two thirds of the total building height. The build has three sections, the threshing floor, the kiln room and the dwelling chamber and was used as the primary residence during the winter. The kiln room was the only heated room and all indoor activities were carried out there. During the autumn it was used to dry grain. From summer to autumn cooking was performed in an external summer kitchen and people slept in hay lofts and store rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="19397028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397028" title="Communauté de communes Caux vallée de Seine">
Communauté de communes Caux vallée de Seine

The communauté de communes Caux vallée de Seine was created on January 1, 2008 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of northern France. <br>
It evolved from an amalgamation of three earlier communautés de communes - Port-Jérôme, Caudebec-en-Caux and Canton of Bolbec.
Participants.
The communauté comprises the following 47 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19397033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397033" title="Boyzone discography">
Boyzone discography

The discography of Boyzone, an Irish boy band, contains five studio albums, five compilation albums, one singles box set, nineteen singles and ten video albums.
Boyzone released its debut single, a cover version of the Four Seasons' hit "Working My Way Back to You", in 1994 and it reached number three on the Irish Singles Chart. The release of their second single and cover version of the classic Osmonds' hit, "Love Me for a Reason", was their debut elsewhere. It peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart and was included in their 1995 debut album "Said and Done". The album reached number one in Ireland and the UK. Boyzone's second album, "A Different Beat", was released in 1996 and contained the band's first UK number one single, a cover of the Bee Gees' hit "Words". The album also contained the singles; "A Different Beat" and "Isn't It a Wonder". Their third album, "Where We Belong", was released in 1998 and it contained the singles "All That I Need", "Baby Can I Hold You" and "No Matter What". In 1999, Boyzone released a greatest hits compilation, "By Request". The band then went on hiatus whilst all the members pursued solo projects. In September 2008, the band returned with "Love You Anyway" which peaked at number five in the UK, making it their seventeenth consecutive top five single.

</doc>
<doc id="19397053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397053" title="Keith Morris (disambiguation)">
Keith Morris (disambiguation)

Keith Morris (born 1952) is the co-founder and former lead singer of the punk rock band Black Flag.
Keith Morris may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19397056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397056" title="Fire-fighting sport">
Fire-fighting sport

Fire-fighting sport () is a sport discipline developed in the Soviet Union in 1937. It includes a competition between various fire fighting teams in fire fighting-related exercises, such as climbing stairs in a mock-up house, unfolding a water hose, and extinguishing a fire using hoses or extinguishers. International competitions have taken place since 1968.
The VII Worldwide Championship in Fire and Rescue Sports took place in Cottbus, Germany, from 31 August to 5 September 2011.
First international competitions among juniors were conducted on 7–9 August 2010 in Kazan, Tatarstan. The next international junior contest was held in 2011 in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19397073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397073" title="István Németh">
István Németh

István Németh (born November 16, 1979) is a retired Hungarian professional basketball player.
Hungarian national team.
Németh was a member of the Hungarian national team at the EuroBasket 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19397092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397092" title="Kilmez River">
Kilmez River

Kilmez River () is a river in Udmurtia and Kirov Oblast in Russia, a left tributary of the Vyatka River. The length of the river is 270 km, the area of its drainage basin is 17,200 km². The Kilmez freezes up in November and remains icebound until the second half of April. Its main tributaries are the Lumpun, Loban, and Vala rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="19397111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397111" title="1954–55 DFB-Pokal">
1954–55 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1954–55 was the 12th season of the competition. It began on 15 August 1954 and ended on 21 May 1955. 32 teams competed in the tournament of five rounds. In the final Karlsruher SC defeated Schalke 04 3–2.

</doc>
<doc id="19397120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397120" title="Siva River">
Siva River

Siva River () is a river in Udmurt Republic and Perm Krai in Russia, a right tributary of the Kama River. The length of the river is 206 km, the area of its drainage basin is 4,870 km². It starts in Chastinsky District, near village Pikhtovka. Then, it flows through Bolshesosnovsky District of perm Krai and Votkinsky District of Udmurtia. Its mouth located downstream of dam of Votkinsk Hydroelectric Station. 
The Siva freezes up in the second half of October and remains icebound until April. 
Main tributaries:

</doc>
<doc id="19397139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397139" title="List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1986">
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1986

These are the number-one singles of 1986 according to the Top 100 Singles chart in "Cash Box" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19397142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397142" title="Street Spies">
Street Spies

Street Spies is a Hardy boys novel.
Frank and Joe head to New York to pose as bike messengers. They hear of "computer secrets" being stolen by cyberspace thieves, and they hear of a renegade messenger out to destroy the Hardys. They must find a lead, before it becomes too much.

</doc>
<doc id="19397148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397148" title="Islamic Socialist Party">
Islamic Socialist Party

The Islamic Socialist Party is a Sudanese political party. It was first founded by Babiker Karrar in March 1949 under the name of Islamic Liberation Front حركة التحرير الاسلامي while a student of law at the university of khartoum. The party spread amongst University of Khartoum and secondary school students. It was a revivalist Islamic movement with a tendency of locality and nationality.
In 1951 The Islamic Liberation Front candidates won the elections to the leadership of the University of Kartoum Student Union (KUSU). It also headed the political leadership of some secondary schools' student unions.
Following the 1953 agreement of the Sudanese political parties for self determination in Cairo- Egypt, the Islamic Liberation Movement's name was changed to Gama'a Islamyia. The newly formed Gama'a Islamyia published its constitution and manifesto which was expounding the main principles of the former Islamic Liberation Movement. It was essentially anti imperialist, anti capitalist and socialists. The manifesto was titled "Al Gama'a Al Islamya Daw'a wa Minhag"( The Gama'a Islamyia A call a and a program). The Gama'a Islamya directed its efforts and struggle towards the trade unions of workers and farmers, students and intellectuals in Sudan.
In 1956, after the tripartite invasion of Egypt by Britain, France and Israel which led to the wide Arab support for President Gamal Abdel Nasir of Egypt, the Gama'a Islamyia acquired an extra dimension and emphasis on Arab unity and liberation under the title of the Islamic Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19397156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397156" title="Zabih Etemadi">
Zabih Etemadi

Zabih Etemadi born September 19, 1982 in Tehran is an Iranian footballer. He currently plays for WKE. He also has Dutch citizenship and is the older brother of Agil Etemadi. Zabih finished his Master Corporate Law in 2009. He studied at Rijksuniversiteit Groningen. 
He was a member of the board of Studentengenootschap voor Onderneming en Recht (SGOR). SGOR is a student association for Corporate Law. Zabih was the vice-president and secretary of SGOR in 2006-2007. 
Zabih used to be the head coach of sc Joure C1 (youth, U15). He was very successful and promoted to the 3rd division with his team. In July 2008 he was successful as well at the International Children's Games in San Francisco.
Zabih got his UEFA-B coaching license in 2008.
Zabih Etemadi has been working for Speciaaladvocaten since 2009. He is specialized in dispute resolution in the field of corporate and commercial law. Besides this specialization, he is a member of a practice-group mainly concerning sports law. He advises and litigates on behalf of national and international clients.
Zabih Etemadi is a member of the Dutch Association of Sports Law, De Vereniging voor Sport en Recht.
Club career.
Zabih Etemadi plays for WKE.

</doc>
<doc id="19397170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397170" title="Belenois java">
Belenois java

Belenois java, the Caper White or Common White, is a small-sized butterfly of the family Pieridae found in Australia, Indonesia, and Melanesia. It is highly migratory and is often confused with the Cabbage White ("Pieris rapae").
Identification.
Adult.
The upper surface of the male's wings are white with a broad black apical patch, the hindwing has a black terminal border. On both wings the black area encloses white dots. The under surface of the hindwing is almost exclusively black except for white and yellow patches between the veins. The wingspan on the male is 5 cm whereas the female's wingspan is larger at 6 cm. The female can vary dramatically including a pale form which looks strikingly similar to the males. The upper surface of the wings are white and have a much broader black margin. The body of both is olive green to dark brown.
Immature.
The first instar of this species is pale yellow sparsely covered in long hairs. The later instars of this species are dark brownish-green with white and yellow raised spots. The head has a V-shaped white mark and is shiny black. There are two lines of hair on the side of the caterpillar's 3 cm body in its later stages. The pupa is white with black markings and is about 2.5 cm. Eggs are small and orange.
Life cycle.
Eggs are laid in groups on the top of the host plant's leaves. The caterpillar feeds on Currant bush ("Apophyllum anomalum"), Scrub caper berry ("Capparis arborea"), Dog caper ("Capparis canescens"), Nipan ("Capparis lasiantha"), Australian native orange ("Capparis mitchellii"), Wild orange ("Capparis sepiaria"), Australian native caper ("Capparis spinosa") and Bush orange ("Capparis umbonata"). Unlike other caterpillars of its size the "B. java" feeds on a fairly minimal amount of food, making it less of an agricultural pest than the others. The caterpillars feed for about three weeks until fully grown and pupate. They emerge around December in much of its range.

</doc>
<doc id="19397188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397188" title="HMS Scott (J79)">
HMS Scott (J79)

HMS "Scott" (J79) was a (officially, "fleet minesweeping sloop") of the British Royal Navy completed as an unarmed survey ship with an enlarged bridge and a large chart room abaft the extended forecastle deck. She served through World War II and the two following decades.
World War II.
"Scott" surveyed the English Channel in 1939 in preparation for laying a Channel Mine Barrage, and directed minelayers laying the barrage immediately following declaration of war. She was equipped for anti-submarine escort assignments when the Channel minelaying was completed, but retained the chart room by sacrificing her mainmast to compensate for the additional topside weight of a QF 12 pounder 12 cwt naval gun on the forecastle. By the spring of 1940 her assignments were refocused on minelaying surveys rather than escort work. She measured depth of water with tidal fluctuations and currents to determine suitable minefield locations.
In May 1941 "Scott" narrowly avoided detection by the German battleship "Bismarck" while surveying Greenland pack ice in the Denmark Strait. She was damaged in a collision with in December 1941 while assisting the British Commando raid Operation Anklet on the Lofoten Islands.
After the collision damage was repaired, "Scott" focused on providing navigational information for the minelayers placing the Northern Barrage between Greenland and Scotland from the spring of 1942 until the project was abandoned in the autumn of 1943. She surveyed the minefields in advance, and then accompanied the minelayers while the fields were placed.
After testing the Decca Navigator System at Moray Firth in early 1944, "Scott" surveyed positions for the blockships and Phoenix breakwaters of the Mulberry harbour at Arromanches during the Invasion of Normandy. She then surveyed liberated harbours including Morlaix, Boulogne, Brest, Dunkirk and Antwerp; and surveyed locations for the cross-channel pipelines of Operation Pluto.
Post-war service.
"Scott" completed two decades of peacetime hydrographic duties in Home Waters before being retired in 1964 and scrapped in 1965. She located and swept many war-time wrecks while re-surveying coastal Great Britain. Her work was continued by survey vessels which have, in turn, been replaced by a new . 

</doc>
<doc id="19397202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397202" title="Venkatamakhin">
Venkatamakhin

Introduction.
Venkatamakhin also known as Venkateshwara, was a prominent musicologist and composer of Carnatic music; renowned for his "Chaturdandi Prakashika" in which he explicates the melakarta system of classifying ragas. Venkatamakhin composed geethams and prabandhas, as well as 24 ashtapadis in praise of Lord Thyagaraja of Tiruvarur. 
Venkatamakhin was the son of Govinda Dikshita, a Kannada Brahmin from Mysore. Govinda Dikshita himself was a scholar and musicologist, as well as a minister in the kingdom of Thanjavur. Venkatamakhin received his formal training under his elder brother, Yagnanarayana Dikshita.
Early Life.
Born in a family of seven brothers and sisters, Venkatamakhin or Venkateswara Dikshitar was the son of the great scholar, administrator and musicologist, Govinda Dikshitar, who was also a Minister in the kingdom of Tanjavur. He had his training in music under his elder brother, Yagnanarayana Dikshitar and later under Danappachariar, alias Venkata Sarma, in praise of whom he composed the Gita ‘Gandharva Janata’ (Arabhi). Vijayaraghava Bhoopala was the ruler who encouraged Venkatamakhin in his pursuits in musicology. Venkatamakhin also composed twenty four Ashtapadis on Lord Tyagaraja, the presiding deity of Tiruvarur. Apart from this, very little is known about the life of this great musicologist. 
The epoch-making work ‘Chaturdandi Prakasika’ was a landmark in the annals of Carnatic music. It had been in circulation only in manuscript form until it was taken up for print early last century. This immortal work gives a systematic and scientific classification of Mela ragas based on swaras. The name itself means ‘Exposition orillumination of the four channels through which a raga manifests itself’. Out of the ten chapters, the last and part of the ninth are said to be missing. Twelve hundred and odd couplets available are in simple, elegant Sanskrit. His grandson, Muddu Venkatamakhi, added a supplement to the work.
Father, Govinda Dikshitar and son, Venkatamakhin, were erudite scholars, geniuses in musicology and have carved out for themselves a lofty place in the history of Carnatic music. Govinda Dikshitar and Venkatamakhin are to musicology what Ramaswamy Dikshitar and Muthuswamy Dikshitar are to musical compositions. 
It is said that Venkatamakhin freed himself from thieves by singing ‘Hare Nipidakantaka Dushpradesa’ (Lalita). He cared for his people too and freed them from the order of the ruler to get the symbols of conch and wheel tattooed by singing ‘Sankha Chakranganatyachara re’ (Ritigowla). He has also composed Lakshya Gitas and Prabandhas in Bandira Bhasha.

</doc>
<doc id="19397214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397214" title="Communauté de communes Cœur de Caux">
Communauté de communes Cœur de Caux

The communauté de communes Cœur de Caux was created on December 31, 1999 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Participants.
The communauté comprises the following 22 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19397233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397233" title="Agarista agricola">
Agarista agricola

Joseph's Coat Moth ("Agarista agricola") is a medium sized moth of the Family Noctuidae found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19397243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397243" title="Symphony No. 22 (Mozart)">
Symphony No. 22 (Mozart)

Symphony No. 22 in C major, K. 162, is a symphony composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in April 1773. The symphony has the scoring of two oboes, two horns, two trumpets, and strings. 
\relative c" {
</score>
The symphony consists of three movements:

</doc>
<doc id="19397244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397244" title="List of Australia international footballers born outside Australia">
List of Australia international footballers born outside Australia

This is a list of foreign-born footballers who played for the Australia national soccer team.

</doc>
<doc id="19397257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397257" title="Ken Newton">
Ken Newton

Ken Newton (born 17 April 1924) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
Newton was recruited locally to Essendon and played as a reserve in their 1947 Grand Final loss to Carlton. He kicked five goals in a game at Princes Park against the same opponents the following season. Newton often struggled to make the seniors in what was a strong Essendon side so during the 1950 season crossed to Hawthorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19397258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397258" title="Bahraini Super Cup">
Bahraini Super Cup

The Bahraini Super Cup is the curtain rasier to the Bahrain football season. 

</doc>
<doc id="19397286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397286" title="Percept knorigin">
Percept knorigin

Percept Knorigin (part of Percept Ltd, India's largest independent media & entertainment conglomerate) is a Gurgaon (India) based tech & media consulting company, servicing Indian and global clients by using digital media technologies like internet, mobile and gaming. Their services include strategy and advisory, content creation, digital advertising (including platform-based ad serving solutions) and marketing outsourcing. The company has offices in Bangalore, Mumbai, Gurgaon and Dubai (UAE).
Founded in September, 2007, the agency currently represents (and creates digital campaigns for) Kingfisher Bohemia, KingFisher ForceIndia F1, NIIT, SunBurn, Percept Picture Company, ICICI Lombard (travel insurance)ICICI Lombard, ICICI Bank (Forex), WAYN (where are you now), NoBrokerage.in and Ajmal Perfumes

</doc>
<doc id="19397302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397302" title="Neno District">
Neno District

Neno is a district in the Southern Region of Malawi. The district has a population of approximately 80,000. District Mwanza in 2003 was split into two districts, Neno and Mwanza, under the decentralisation program. 
There are two National Assembly constituencies in Neno: Neno North and Neno South. Since the 2009 election both constituencies have been held by members of the Democratic Progressive Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19397314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397314" title="Centre for Higher Secondary Education">
Centre for Higher Secondary Education

Centre For Higher Secondary Education more commonly known as CHSE is a Government run Higher Secondary school in Malé, Maldives which caters only to "A" level students. CHSE was inaugurated on 3 July 1979 under the name of Sciece Education Centre or SEC, with the aim of producing students qualified enough to enter universities abroad. It initially had 47 students and 4 teachers, and currently has over 1500 students and 90 teachers.
History.
Establishment of SEC.
SEC was established on the 3rd July 1979 by the President of Maldives, His Excellency Maumoon Abdul Gayoom. SEC aims to prepare students for university level studies. The subjects taught at SEC initially were Physics, Chemistry, Biology and English. The following year, Economics and History were introduced. On the first year of its establishment, only 47 students were studying at SEC. And only 30 of these students sat the exam.
In 2001, the name Science Education Centre was changed to Centre for Higher Secondary Education.
Establishment of PTA.
The PTA was first introduced in 1994. However, this association started functioning well only since 1999 when the association was re-established. Since then PTA meetings are conducted annually and the role of parents' especially the PTA members' is greatly seen in school activities like dinner nights, teachers' day celebrations and school anniversary preparations.
Change of School Uniform.
At first when SEC was established both male and female students were allowed to come to school in shirts and trousers of any colour. In 1986 the girls' uniform was changed to shirt and skirt of any colour. In 1990 students who wanted to wear scarfs were given the opportunity to change their uniforms to scarf, long sleeved shirts, trousers and skirts. In 1998, the uniform was changed from skirts/trousers of different colours to skirts and trousers of dark blue only and white shirt or blouse.
Silver Jubilee.
On 3rd July 2004 CHSE celebrated its 25th anniversary. Students, staff and parents worked tirelessly to make the occasion memorable.
School Houses.
In 2004, four houses were introduced. They are:
Prior to 2004 the student body was divided into the following houses:

</doc>
<doc id="19397332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397332" title="Ivan Goodingham">
Ivan Goodingham

Ivan Goodingham (born 8 January 1926) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1940s. 
From Mordialloc Juniors, Goodingham started out at Essendon in 1946. A left footed follower, he played as a forward pocket in the 1947 Grand Final which they lost to Carlton. He had a solid season that year, kicking 21 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19397346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397346" title="Ptychography">
Ptychography

Ptychography is a technique invented by Walter Hoppe that aims to solve the diffraction-pattern phase problem by interfering adjacent Bragg reflections coherently and thereby determine their relative phase. In the original formulation, Hoppe envisaged that such interference could be effected by placing a very narrow aperture in the plane of the specimen so that each reciprocal-lattice point would be spread out and thus overlap with one another. The name ptychography, from the Greek for "fold", derives from this optical configuration; each reciprocal lattice point is convolved with some function, and thus made to interfere with its neighbors. In fact, measuring only the intensities of interfering adjacent diffracted beams still leads to an ambiguity of two possible complex conjugates for each underlying complex diffraction amplitude. The original formulation of ptychography is equivalent to the well known theorem that for a finite specimen (that is one delineated by a narrow aperture, sometimes known as a "finite support"), the one-dimensional phase problem is soluble to within an ambiguity of 2N, where N is the number of Fourier components that make up the specimen. However, such ambiguities may be resolved by changing the phase, profile or position of the illuminating beam in some way. The fact that not only the intensities of the diffracted beams but also the intensities lying midway between the beams, where the convolved Bragg beams interfere, is an alternative statement of the Nyquist–Shannon sampling theorem for components of diffracted intensity. These components generally have twice the frequency (in reciprocal space) of their underlying complex amplitudes.
Ptychographic imaging along with advances in detectors and computing have resulted in X-ray microscopes, optical and electron microscopy with increased spatial resolution without the need for lenses, and is being commercialized by the company Phase Focus Ltd of Sheffield, United Kingdom 
References.
cited from 

</doc>
<doc id="19397347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397347" title="Southern Martlet">
Southern Martlet

The Southern Martlett was a single-engined, single-seat biplane sports aircraft. Six were built, including the rather different and unsuccessful Metal Martlet.
Design and development.
The Southern Martlet was the first aircraft designed by teams led Frederick George Miles, whose company was Southern Aircraft of Shoreham. It was a modified Avro Baby, differing in the tail unit, undercarriage and engine, the 85 hp A.B.C. Hornet air-cooled flat four. Like the Baby, it was a single-bay staggered tractor biplane, with fixed two-wheel main and tail-skid undercarriage. The undercarriage was a combination of "oleo and coil-spring shock absorbing gear" designed by Basil Henderson of Hendy Aircraft, Shoreham. The prototype "G-AAII" made its first public appearance on 30 August 1929 at London Air Park, Hanworth, and proved to be a very manoeuvrable sports machine.
Operational history.
Five production aircraft were built at Shoreham, differing chiefly in the choice of engine. Three of them had 80 hp Armstrong Siddeley Genet II and one a 100 hp Armstrong Siddeley Genet Major. These were five-cylinder uncowled radials. One aircraft had, at different times, a de Havilland Gipsy I or II (100 hp and 120 hp respectively), upright in-line air-cooled engines.
The Martlets were not very successful as racers but served a succession of private owners as aerobatic mounts.
Only one Martlet, the Genet Major engined "G-AAYX" survived the war. It was overhauled by Miles in 1947 and is now flying with the Shuttleworth Trust at Old Warden, UK
Variants.
From

</doc>
<doc id="19397378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397378" title="David Thornley">
David Thornley

David Thornley (31 July 1935 – 18 June 1978) was an Irish Labour Party politician and university professor at Trinity College, Dublin.
Political career.
Born in Surrey, England, David Thornley took out Irish citizenship and was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North–West constituency at the 1969 general election. He confronted the party leader Brendan Corish, who at the time of the Arms Crisis reportedly rejected out of hand any suggestion of military aid or use of force after the outbreak of violence in Northern Ireland.
In December 1972 he called for the immediate release of Seán Mac Stíofáin, then leader of the Provisional IRA. He was re-elected at the 1973 general election. In 1976 he voted for the Criminal Justice (Jurisdiction) Bill despite misgivings. He told "The Irish Times":"When I get very depressed I drink too much. When I voted for the Criminal Justice (Jurisdiction Bill) I went on the batter for a forthnight ." He lost his seat at the 1977 general election. In 1978 he joined the newly formed Socialist Labour Party stating that he had done so because: "There is no man in politics that I respect more than Noël Browne, despite our occasional differences. If the SLP is good for him, it's good enough for me".
Death.
Thornley died later that year (1978) in County Dublin, aged 42, from undisclosed causes.
Legacy.
The Trinity College Labour Branch is also known as the David Thornley Branch.

</doc>
<doc id="19397379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397379" title="Protographium leosthenes">
Protographium leosthenes

The Four-barred Swordtail ("Protographium leosthenes") is a medium sized butterfly of the family Papilionidae found in Australia. It is similar to the Five-barred (or Chain) Swordtail "Graphium aristeus" found in both Australia and India. 
The larvae feed on "Desmos wardianus", "Melodorum leichhardtii" and other "Melodorum" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19397390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397390" title="Legship">
Legship

Legship is a small town in West Sikkim district in the Indian state of Sikkim. The Rangit Dam lies up stream, a dam which the people of Legship were partly responsible for.
Another famous place of interest is the Kirateshwar Mahadev Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="19397405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397405" title="Managerial prerogative">
Managerial prerogative

Managerial prerogatives are the discretionary powers left at any moment in the hands of managers. Every act which a manager or his subordinates can lawfully do, without the consent of the worker organization, is done by virtue of this prerogative. Essentially, it is an area of managerial decision-making where managers believe they have exclusive rights to make decisions, and therefore resist any interference with that control.
Control was the essential managerial function in the time of industrialism in all countries and social systems. In the context of most modern employment relationships, there are large, hierarchical, and complex organizations where an element of subordination and discipline exists. The relationship between managerial control and worker resistance cannot be understood without considering the nature and distribution of power. Managerial prerogatives have been one of the most divisive factors between labor and management, due to the managed workers making an effort to challenge the authority of the manager, and the manager attempts to maintain control.
Management views on prerogative.
The two streams of argument from management relate the primacy of market rationality. They are:
Trade union views on prerogative.
Many workers and their representatives do acknowledge part of management’s role to manage. They often do not describe it as a right of management, but as part of the job managers are paid to do. Management use this term to defend their role, but also trade unions use this time to place an element of responsibility upon management.
Australian perspective.
The industrial relations policies of the Howard government in Australia during its initial terms increased the exercise of managerial prerogative by reducing the scope and importance of awards, encouraging decentralized enterprise bargaining, and reducing the power of unions and promoting individual contracts.
See also.
Manager's right to manage

</doc>
<doc id="19397416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397416" title="Letov Š-6">
Letov Š-6

__NOTOC__
The Letov Š-6 was a bomber aircraft produced in Czechoslovakia during the 1920s. Derived from the Š-2, it was a large biplane of conventional design. The wing cellule was an all-new design with a thicker profile, and while it had been intended to build them with a metal structure, wood was used instead due to shortages. Performance during testing was so promising that in 1924 an Š-6 was used to set a new altitude record with a 500 kg payload, and (on another occasion) a national endurance record of 10 hrs 32 min.
The Š-6 enjoyed a long career in Czechoslovakian service, remaining in use until 1934. One example was given a civil registration (L-BORA) and evaluated as an airliner for the Prague-Gothenburg route, but nothing came of this.

</doc>
<doc id="19397428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397428" title="Symphony No. 23 (Mozart)">
Symphony No. 23 (Mozart)

The Symphony No. 23 in D major, K. 181/162b, of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was dated as complete on May 19, 1773. It is sometimes called ""Overture"", even though the autograph score bears the title ""Sinfonia"". The symphony has the scoring of 2 oboes, 2 horns, 2 trumpets, and strings. 
\relative c {
</score>
He wrote the symphony as a single uninterrupted movement consisting of 3 distinct tempi:

</doc>
<doc id="19397442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397442" title="List of Malta Labour Party leaders">
List of Malta Labour Party leaders

The post of Leader of the Labour Party was created in 1928. Before this (1921-28) the post was known as President of the Camera del Lavoro (Labour Party)
†"Although technically leader of the Labour Party, they only assumed this role because of the resignation of the incumbent leader and were not elected to the post."

</doc>
<doc id="19397470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397470" title="Symphony No. 24 (Mozart)">
Symphony No. 24 (Mozart)

Symphony No. 24 in B flat major, K. 182/173dA, is a symphony composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart on October 3, 1773. The symphony has the scoring of 2 oboes, 2 flutes (only in the middle movement), 2 horns, and strings. 
\relative c {
</score>
He wrote the symphony in 3 movements:
The autograph score is today located in the "Staatsbibliothek Preusisscher Kulturbesitz" in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="19397471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397471" title="Messiah (software)">
Messiah (software)

Messiah (also known as messiah:studio) is an award-winning 3D animation and rendering application developed by pmG Worldwide. It runs on the Win32 and Win64 platforms. Messiah is in its fourth version, as messiah:studio (as of April 2009) and version 5.5b as messiah:animate (as of November 2006).
Early history and releases.
Messiah was developed as a commercial plugin for Lightwave 5.5 to 7.5, by principal programmers Fori Owurowa, Dan Milling and Lyle Milton. It was marketed as offering a superior toolset for creating animations than was provided natively by Lightwave. In 2000, pmG released "messiah:animate"; a stand-alone application that provided animators with an advanced rigging and animation toolset geared towards the animation of complex organic characters and shapes. This new package offered an Animation Host Connection which allowed users to transfer animation data into a variety of packages including Cinema4D, Lightwave, 3D Studio Max and Maya.
In 2001, pmG announced "messiah:studio", a stand-alone package comprising messiah:animate and messiah:render, boasting numerous animation enhancements coupled with an all new render engine. Previously, messiah:studio stored license information on a HASP hardware dongle, but now stores license information on a USB stick.
Core features.
Animation.
Messiah:studio offers a realtime full motion and deformation-based character animation toolset.
Features include:
Setup.
Messiah's setup mode allows for non-destructive animated character modifications. This means a character's rigging setup can be edited even after it has been fully animated.
Skeleton and deformation.
Creating bones is a "point and click" operation and the bones can be modified interactively. Weighting eliminating the need for direct weighting. Muscle Bones are possible in Messiah with a single click, providing squash and stretch on arms, legs, bodies, tails and tentacles.
Hierarchical expressions.
Messiah offers a mathematical expression system. Messiah's expressions system allow automation of existing animation, control over morphs, dynamic parenting and more.
Armatures.
Messiah's Armature system provides a visual method for creating character and program control. Armatures can be used for anything from stick figure animation and facial animation controls, to character selection sheets and command interfaces.
Animate immediate.
Messiah's Animate Immediate mode allows feedback and manipulation during object selection and transformation by combining individual mouse clicks for selection and then movement into one fluid motion.
Rendering.
Messiah:studio includes messiah:render, a hybrid scanline/raytracing render engine. Messiah also allows for the output of .rib files for use with RenderMan and offers network rendering via the ButterflyNetRender(BNR).
Features of messiah render include:
Import and export.
Whilst messiah:studio offers no native modelling tools it is capable of exporting and importing many common 3d filetypes, such as .3ds, .lwo, and .obj. Messiah can import and export motion capture, via .bvh files, and can transfer datasets using the host API suite. It also provides native support for .mdd files, for use with the Point Oven program.
On 17 April 2008, pmG released the source code and SDK for the Host Connections plugins, so that users could update and adapt the connections software and plugin files for external programs.
Uses.
Films.
Messiah has been used for character animation and the creation of VFX shots in feature films and shorts, including the following:
Television.
Messiah has been used in television productions, including "", "Robbie the Reindeer", "Andy's Airplanes" and the upcoming "Plankton Invasion", as well as commercials.

</doc>
<doc id="19397479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397479" title="Phaedyma shepherdi">
Phaedyma shepherdi

The Common Aeroplane ("Phaedyma shepherdi") is a medium sized butterfly of the Family Nymphalidae found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19397483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397483" title="Princess Lalla Aicha of Morocco">
Princess Lalla Aicha of Morocco

Princess Lalla Aicha, DCVO (17 June 1930 – 4 September 2011) was the eldest sister of the late King Hassan II of Morocco, and daughter of King Mohammed V of Morocco and Lalla Abla bint Tahar.
Life and career.
Born in Rabat, she was privately educated in Rabat and awarded a Baccalauréat degree. The exile in 1953 of Mohammed V and his family on Corsica interrupted her studies in languages. Lalla Aicha was the Ambassador of Morocco to the United Kingdom between 1965 and 1969, and then to Greece from 1969 to 1970, and to Italy between 1970 and 1973.
She was the first president of the "Entraide Nationale", as well as president of the Moroccan Red Crescent Society from the 1950s until 1969 and honorary president of the National Union of Moroccan Women since 1969 until her death in 2011, at age 81.
Family.
She married on 16 August 1961, at the Dar al-Makhzin in Rabat, Hassan al-Yaqubi (born 1934) and divorced in 1972. Together they had two daughters:
Titles, styles and honours.
Honours.
She received the following honours during her lifetime:

</doc>
<doc id="19397487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397487" title="Namig Sevdimov">
Namig Sevdimov

Namig Sevdimov (born on November 23, 1981 in Baku) is a male freestyle wrestler from Azerbaijan. He participated in Men's freestyle 55 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He was ranked 4th-5th after losing the bronze medal fight against Radoslav Velikov.

</doc>
<doc id="19397498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397498" title="Athletics at the 2005 Mediterranean Games">
Athletics at the 2005 Mediterranean Games

The athletics competition at the 2005 Mediterranean Games was held in the Mediterraneo Stadium in Almería, Spain from 29 June to 2 July 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19397502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397502" title="Petriti">
Petriti

Petriti () is a fishing village located on the south east coast of Corfu, Greece, about thirty kilometers south of Corfu Town. The village is the largest fishing port on the island and the five tavernas on the sea front all specialise in seafood. Petriti is also a low-key tourist destination catering for people who prefer relaxing holidays in contrast to some of the busier resorts in Corfu. Petriti is in the municipal unit of Korissia and the village has a population of 663.

</doc>
<doc id="19397513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397513" title="Symphony No. 27 (Mozart)">
Symphony No. 27 (Mozart)

Symphony No. 27 in G major, K. 199/161b, is a symphony composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in April, 1773. The symphony has the scoring of 2 flutes, 2 horns, and strings. 
\relative c {
</score>
He wrote the symphony in 3 movements:

</doc>
<doc id="19397532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397532" title="Anawin Jujeen">
Anawin Jujeen

Anawin Jujeen (, born March 13, 1987) is a Thai footballer who plays for Thai Premier League side Buriram United. He was the runner-up of Pepsi World Challenge 2006 with Wisuth Bunpeng.
He played for Krung Thai Bank FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.
Club Career.
Anawin played for Krung Thai Bank FC until the club changed to Bangkok Glass FC. He was a regular starter in Bangkok Glass FC, playing as an attacking midfielder or a right midfielder.
In 2013, he moved to Buriram United FC for an undisclosed fee. Transfer fee believe around ฿ 2.5 to 5 million. He normally plays as a right back and sometimes as a right midfielder in Buriram United. 
Anawin played in the 2013 AFC Champions League. He was a starter for playing for Buriram in the 2013 AFC Champions League against Vegalta Sendai, FC Seoul. He came in as a substitute against Jiangsu Sainty F.C. and received a red card after getting two yellow cards in the game. After advancing to the knockout phase Anawin scored a header against Bunyodkor at Buriram. He came in as a substitute for the remaining games against Bunyodkor and Esteghlal.
International Career.
in December 4th 2009, Anawin debuted for Thailand U23 at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games at Laos against Vietnam U23. He also scored his first and second goal for Thailand U23 against Timor-Leste U23 at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games. Anawin played for Thailand U23 in the 2010 Asian Games at Guangzhou, China, and scored a goal against Pakistan U23.
In 2014 he was called up to the national team by Kiatisuk Senamuang to play in the 2015 AFC Asian Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="19397540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397540" title="James Anderson (botanist)">
James Anderson (botanist)

James Anderson (17 January 1738, Long Hermiston, Midlothian - 6 August 1809, Garden House, by Madras, India) was a Scottish physician and botanist.
He was company surgeon for the East India Company from 1786 and physician-general from 1800.
He wrote about his experiences of culture in the South of India.
He published "Varnish and Tallow-trees" in 1791 and "Culture of Bastard Cedar Trees on Coast of Coromandel" in 1794. He was a member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. William Roxburgh (1751–1815) named the genus "Andersonia" after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19397558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397558" title="Communauté de Communes du Canton de Criquetot-l'Esneval">
Communauté de Communes du Canton de Criquetot-l'Esneval

The communauté de communes du Canton de Criquetot-l’Esneval was created on December 28, 2001 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Participants.
The communauté comprises the following 21 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19397560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397560" title="Dan-I">
Dan-I

Dan I (born Selmore Ezekiel Lewinson - born 1 July 1951, died 19 May 2006) was a British disco musician, signed to Island Records, who had a Top 30 hit in the UK Singles Chart in 1979 with a single called "Monkey Chop". He originated from Jamaica, and Trevor Horn was the uncredited record producer of "Monkey Chop". Without any further chart success, Dan I remains listed as a one-hit wonder.
His stage name derived from his interest in numerology, meaning "number one". In the early 1970s he was asked by George Clinton to join his band Funkadelic, but he declined, believing he was too young. During the 1970s he worked with Cat Stevens, Andy Fraser, and Joe Jammer, and led his own club band, D-Dancer. D-Dancer split up in 1976, after which Dan-I spent a year in Nigeria before embarking on a solo career, signing with Island Records after being introduced by Linton Kwesi Johnson, and having a major hit with "Monkey Chop", which he described as "music for the new optimism". He moved to Los Angeles, California in the mid-1980s, where he recorded several demos. He then moved to South Africa before returning to London. He died of unspecified causes in May 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19397567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397567" title="Franz Gottschalk">
Franz Gottschalk

Franz Gottschalk is a Danish guitarist and bassist. He plays in the death metal band Illdisposed and is a former member of Volbeat, Dominus and Hypodermic.
Gottschalk who is known under his nickname "Hellboss" was a member of the band Hypodermic with whom he released a record called "In Between". After Hypodermic split up, he founded the death metal band "Deadly Sins" with friends Lars B.(Koldborn), Rasmus, Huhle & Bvian. In the late 1990s, he joined Dominus and played bass on their final record "Godfellas" in 2000. A year later, Dominus split-up and their singer Michael Poulsen founded Volbeat. Gottschalk joined Volbeat in 2002 replacing their original guitarist Teddy Vang. Gottschalk appeared on the first two Volbeat albums "The Strength / The Sound / The Songs" and "Rock the Rebel / Metal the Devil". However, after the recordings of the second album were done, Gottschalk was fired "due to different personalities and working methods off stage," according to a statement on Volbeat's official website. Gottschalk later joined Illdisposed, replacing Martin Thim. He made his debut on the album "The Prestige".

</doc>
<doc id="19397583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397583" title="Humanitarian impact of the Russia–Georgia war">
Humanitarian impact of the Russia–Georgia war

According to an 18 August report by Human Rights Watch (HRW), at the start of the military conflict on 7 August 2008, Georgian military used indiscriminate and disproportionate force resulting in civilian deaths in South Ossetia. The Russian military has since used indiscriminate force in attacks in South Ossetia and in the Gori district, and has apparently targeted convoys of civilians attempting to flee the conflict zones. HRW said that ongoing looting, arson attacks, and abductions by South Ossetian militia are terrorizing the Georgian civilian population, forcing them to flee their homes and preventing displaced people from returning home.
The organisation called the conflict a disaster for civilians, and said an international security mission should be deployed to help protect civilians and create a safe environment for the displaced to return home. HRW also called for international organisations to send fact-finding missions to establish the facts, report on human rights, and urge the authorities to account for any crimes. Alexander Brod of the Moscow Bureau for Human Rights, stated that groups such as Human Rights Watch are "in no position to make an objective assessment of war casualties." and said most western NGOs "report events from a Georgian perspective".
South Ossetians.
On 8 August the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) urged the combatants to form a humanitarian corridor to evacuate the wounded and besieged civilians from within Tskhinvali. The fighting had disrupted electricity and telephone services, and inhabitants were forced to shelter in their basements without access to water or medical supplies. Russian media reported on 9 August that several journalists had gone into hiding as they appealed to the international community for right of passage. On 10 August the Russian Ambassador in Tbilisi claimed that "at least 2,000" people had been killed, and the chief of Russian ground forces said that the Georgian shelling has destroyed "all the hospitals" in Tskhinvali.
Human Rights Watch documented the damage caused to the Tskhinvali city hospital building by a rocket believed to have been fired from a Grad multiple rocket launcher which hit the hospital, severely damaging treatment rooms on the second and third floors. Hospital's chief surgeon told Human Rights Watch that it was impossible to leave the building because of the heavy shelling that went on for 18 hours during the first day of Georgian offencive. The staff had to move all the patients into the building basement because of the constant shelling. Part of the building was levelled by Georgian bombardment right after evacuating patients. In the basement hospital personnel continued to operate until 13 August, when all the patients were evacuated to Russia.
According to western media sources who had begun arriving in the city and were toured by the Russian military on 12 August, "residential areas seemed to have little damage", while the heaviest hit appeared to be buildings in and near the government district. Journalists witnessed theater, typesetting school and an apartment house 'heavily damaged or destroyed' close to the government district. Russia reported that 20% of some 7,000 buildings in Tskhinvali suffered any damage, half of which were beyond repair.
From 8 to 13 August, the Tskhinvali hospital treated 273 wounded, both military and civilians. Forty-four bodies had been brought to the hospital; these represented the majority of Ossetians killed in Tskhinvali, because the city morgue was not functioning due to the lack of electricity. On 14 August South Ossetian officials claimed they have identified 200 corpses of South Ossetian civilians, saying that 500 are missing; at the same time, Russian investigators said they had identified a total of 60 civilians killed during the fighting. By 18 August, following an investigation in South Ossetia and amongst refugees, the number of dead civilians identified was put by Russia at 133; nevertheless, South Ossetian officials said 1,492 people died. On a Russian blog the higher number was defended by an eye witness.
HRW entered the mostly deserted Tskhinvali on 13 August and reported that it saw numerous apartment buildings and houses damaged by shelling. It said some of them had been hit by "inherently indiscriminate" weapons that should not be used in areas populated by civilians, such as rockets most likely fired from BM-21 "Grad" multiple rocket launchers. Since Georgian and Russian forces use identical Soviet-era weapons systems including "Grad" rockets, HRW couldn't definitely attribute specific battle damage to a particular belligerent, but witness accounts and the timing of the damage would point to Georgian fire accounting for much of the damage. In Tskhinvali, HRW saw numerous severely damaged civilian objects, including a hospital, apartment buildings, houses, schools, kindergartens, shops, administrative buildings, and the university. However, the group also noted that Ossetian militias in some neighborhoods took up defensive positions inside civilian apartment buildings, which drew fire from Georgian forces.
On 18 August South Ossetians alleged that they "estimate 500 Ossetian civilians were kidnapped and taken away by Georgian forces from the south of Tskhinvali". Georgian government answered: "They want to exchange hostages for our hostages. The problem is we don't have any hostages so we can't do any exchange." By 20 August the South Ossetian estimate was scaled down to some 170 "peaceful citizens" allegedly held by Georgia.
On 26 August, Russian investigators said they found evidence of genocide by the Georgian military against South Ossetians. The Head of Russia's Investigative Committee, Aleksandr Bastrykin, said that witnesses reported that Georgian soldiers were throwing cluster bombs into shelters where civilians were hiding. He also said that investigators came across the body of a pregnant woman shot in the head.
On 2 October 2008 Resolution 1633 of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) confirms that Georgian army used cluster munitions saying "use of heavy weapons and cluster munitions, creating grave risks for civilians, constituted a disproportionate use of armed force by Georgia, albeit within its own territory, and as such a violation of international humanitarian law".
The UN refugee agency, United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), said that thousands of refugees left South Ossetia, mostly for North Ossetia–Alania in Russia within the first days of the conflict. On 10 August, HRW obtained official figures on the number of displaced persons tallied by the Russian government agency in Vladikavkaz, according to which, the Federal Migration Service registered 24,032 persons who crossed the border from South Ossetia into Russia. However, 11,190 of those went back after the Russian intervention in the war; the government stated that “the overall number the displaced was decreasing because of the people who return to join to volunteer militias of South Ossetia”; furthermore, the figures cannot be considered accurate, as many people cross the border back and forth and thus get registered two or more times. On 15 August the UNHCR, relying on figures provided by Georgian and Russian officials, said at least 30,000 South Ossetians have fled across the border into North Ossetia. On 16 August, Russia put this number at over 10,000 refugees, indicating that majority had returned.
On 5 September the first delegation consisting of European Members of Parliament visited Tskhinval on a journey organised by the Russian Duma. Lubomír Zaorálek, Deputy Chairman of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic stated that he did not understand the purpose of the military action and called the destruction of the homes of ordinary people a crime against humanity. The Latvian Nikolay Kabanov found the destruction greater than anticipated. The Bulgarian MP Petar Kanev, chairman of the group for Bulgarian-Russian Friendship in the National Assembly, said that he did not see any military object hit by the Georgian army.
End of October 2008 Georgia was accused of targeting civilians by the targeted South Ossetian civilians. The BBC has discovered evidence that Georgia may have committed war crimes. However, the evidence from BBC is contested by a documentary film Russian Lessons directed by Andrei Nekrasov.
Georgians.
Before the war started, one estimate of the population of ethnic Georgians living in South Ossetia was 18,000 people, up to one quarter of the population. On August 15, UNHCR said that up to 15,000 ethnic Georgians have fled into the other parts of Georgia from South Ossetia. In addition, as of August 15, some 73,000 people were displaced in Georgia proper (most of them from the city Gori); many also fled from Abkhazia. Most had no possessions with them, save for the clothes they were wearing when they fled, and were crammed into makeshift centres without even basic amenities. By August 19, the UNHCR figure of the displaced persons rose to 158,600.
On August 19, UN UN Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) Operational Satellite Applications Programme UNOSAT published report, based on satellite images of Gori with the analysis of the damage, inflicted to the city and the nearby military base, housing Georgian 1st Infantry Brigade. Total number of buildings affected by Russian air raid is 33, of which 18 were destroyed, and 13 were severely damaged. The UNOSAT report does not specify whether the damage was inflicted to military or civilian buildings, though BBC claims Russian air raid was bombing "mostly" military targets.
Between August 9 and 12, residential districts and a media centre in the Georgian city of Gori were attacked by Russian Air Force, killing and injuring numerous civilians (including several journalists, among them the Dutch cameraman Stan Storimans who died). On August 15, U.S. Human Rights Watch said it had collected evidence of Russian warplanes using RBK-250 cluster bombs, each containing 30 PTAB 2.5M submunitions; rights group urged Russia to stop using the weapons, which 107 nations have agreed to outlaw. On the same day, Russian General Nogovitsyn claimed: "We never use cluster bombs. There is no need to do so." During the final strikes, an air-to-ground missile smashed into the Gori hospital with deadly effect. On August 21, HRW reported that civilians continued to be killed and injured later due to contact with unexploded cluster munitions in Gori and at other locations.
On August 10, Georgia charged that ethnic cleansing of Georgians was occurring behind Russian lines. On August 12, HRW researchers in South Ossetia claimed that they witnessed at least four ethnic Georgian villages still burning from fires set by South Ossetian militias and witnessed looting by the militias. A HRW researcher said that "the remaining residents of these destroyed ethnic Georgian villages are facing desperate conditions, with no means of survival, no help, no protection, and nowhere to go." On 13 August an interviewed South Ossetian officer said that the forces "burned these houses (...) to make sure that they Georgians can’t come back." HRW also learned from an Ossetian officer about the summary execution of a Georgian combatant, and that the looters, who were "everywhere" in the Georgian villages in South Ossetia, were "now moving to Gori". In 2010, Georgia filed a claim to the European Court of Human Rights on behalf of the family of Giorgi Antsukhelidze, a Georgian soldier who died in captivity and an alleged subject of internet videos showing his torture at the hand of South Ossetian militias.
On August 12, Associated Press journalists toured by the Russian military through Tskhinvali claimed that they witnessed numerous fires in what appeared to be deserted ethnic Georgian neighborhoods and saw evidence of looting in those areas; they said that while a Russian army officer touring claimed said some of the buildings had been burning for days from the fighting, in fact none of the houses was burning before more than 24 hours after the battle for the city was over. By 14 August, already after the official ceasefire, many international media outlets reported Georgian government and refugee stories that Ossetian and often also other pro-Russian irregulars (including reports of Cossack and Chechen paramilitaries) were looting and burning Georgian villages in South Ossetia and near Gori. Some of the emerging stories featured reports of atrocities, including kidnapping, rape and indiscriminate murder. These reports could not be independently confirmed; as BBC News summed it up on 14 August, "The testimonies of those who have fled villages around South Ossetia are consistent, but with all roads blocked and the Russian military now in charge of the area, the scale of alleged reprisal killings and lootings is difficult to verify." The new waves of Georgian refugees bringing reports of the widespread pillage and "revenge" killings in the territories occupied by the Russian forces kept coming over the next days.
On August 13, Russian interior minister Rashid Nurgaliev said there would be "decisive and tough" measures taken against looters; according to Russia's Interfax, two looters were executed by firing squad in South Ossetia. Nevertheless, on August 15, "The Daily Telegraph" reporter witnessed South Ossetian irregulars continuing to loot and pillage around Gori, often with the encouragement of Russian troops, including a Russian officer shouting to "take whatever you want". Vehicles were even carjacked from the UN aid officials by paramiliaries while Russian soldiers watched. According to HRW, Russian military had indeed blocked the road from Java to Tskhinvali in an effort to prevent further attacks there, and by 14 August, researchers saw no more fires in this area; however, looting and burning of Georgian villages has continued in ethnic Georgian villages in Georgia's Gori district. On 13 August, Major General Vyacheslav Borisov, the Russian commander in Georgia, was quoted as saying that "now Ossetians are running around and killing poor Georgians. This is a problem and we are trying to deal with it. I have ordered my men to arrest anyone carrying out looting and other criminal acts." Also on August 15, the Russia-allied president Eduard Kokoity of South Ossetia, in the interview for "Kommersant", officially acknowledged that the alleged ethnic cleansing of South Ossetia was in fact committed against ethnic Georgians, saying that his forces "offered them a corridor and gave the peaceful population the chance to leave" and that the Ossetians "do not intend to allow" their return.
Russian ("Novaya Gazeta") and British ("The Sunday Times") journalists embedded with the Russian and Ossetian forces reported that irregulars were abusing and executing captured Georgian soldiers and suspected combatants captured during the "mopping-up operations" in South Ossetia and beyond.
On August 16, an AP reporter witnessed groups of Georgian forced laborers in Tskhinvali under armed guard of Ossetians and Russians; South Ossetia's interior minister Mikhail Mindzayev acknowledged this, saying that the Georgians "are cleaning up after themselves". "The Independent" reported that around 40 Georgian civilian captives, mostly elderly men, were "paraded" through the city and abused by South Ossetians. On August 18, South Ossetian leaders put the number of the hostages at more than 130, roughly half of them women and mostly former Georgian guest workers. The kidnapping of civilians by warring parties is a war crime according to the Article 3 of the Fourth Geneva Convention.
On August 17, HRW appealed to Russian authorities to "immediately take steps to end Ossetian militia attacks on ethnic Georgians" in the Gori district of Georgia and for the Russian military to ensure safe passage for civilians wishing to leave the region and for humanitarian aid agencies to enter. The organisation said hundreds of vulnerable civilians still in the area, including many elderly; they said they are afraid to leave after learning about militia attacks on those who fled. The UN described the humanitarian situation in the Russian military-controlled Gori as "desperate". It has been able to deliver only limited food supplies to the city.
The looting and burning of Georgian villages in South Ossetia continued long after the ceasefire agreement had been signed. In the end of August it was reported that the Georgian villages Achabetiug, Kekhvi, Tamarasheni, Ksuisi and Eregvi were still under attack of Ossetian looters. It was also reported that according to South Ossetian officials ethnic Georgian civilians in South Ossetia were "detained for their own protection" and bussed to the Georgian side.
The Finnish Minister for Foreign Affairs and the OSCE chairman Alexander Stubb twice visited the war-affected area in Georgia and accused the Russian troops of "clearly trying to empty southern Ossetia of Georgians." On 27 August, the French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner accused the Russian troops of "ethnic cleansing, creating a homogeneous South Ossetia."
On August 29, 2008, the refugees recently returned to the villages north of Gori which were still under the Russian military control had to flee a renewed harassments by the South Ossetian militias. The UN refugee agency (UNHCR) said that some 2,300 Georgian villagers arrived in Gori because of security concerns. The UNHCR official reported that that Russian forces had set up 18 checkpoints between Gori and South Ossetia, which were "an obstacle to the humanitarian relief effort and to people trying to return to their homes."
On September 8, it was reported that Russian soldiers prevented international aid convoys from visiting Georgian villages in South Ossetia. Likewise the ambassadors of Sweden, Latvia and Estonia had been barred from visiting Georgian villages beyond Russian checkpoints on September 5. The purpose of their visit had been to deliver aid, assess the situation and verify allegations of ethnic cleansing in they area. In a statement they said the restrictions violated the Vienna Convention on diplomatic relations and the cease-fire deal approved by Russia and Georgia.
On October 9, 2008, an analysis of satellite images of the South Ossetia area was released which showed that hundreds of houses in ethnic Georgian villages had been torched in August, after Russian troops took control of the area, "viz" from 10 August to 19 August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19397590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397590" title="87th Regiment">
87th Regiment

87th Regiment or 87th Infantry Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19397596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397596" title="List of representation theory topics">
List of representation theory topics

This is a list of representation theory topics, by Wikipedia page. See also list of harmonic analysis topics, which is more directed towards the mathematical analysis aspects of representation theory.

</doc>
<doc id="19397599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397599" title="87 Squadron">
87 Squadron

87 Squadron or 87th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19397600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397600" title="Heteronympha banksii">
Heteronympha banksii

Banks's brown butterfly, Heteronympha banksii, is a medium sized butterfly of the family Nymphalidae found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19397610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397610" title="Prashanta Nanda">
Prashanta Nanda

Prashanta Nanda (born May 2 1947 ) is a Oriya Movie star in the state of Orissa, India. He has worked in the Oriya Film Industry as an actor, director, screenplay writer, lyricist and playback singer. He was also the former Minister of State of Orissa.
Life and career.
In 1962, his debut movie Nua Bou won National Film Awards. The name of Prasantha Nanda would always come while dealing with Oriya Film Industry and Bengali Cinema of West Bengal. He was present in Oriya films since 1962, but he became super active only after 1976. Nanda served Oriya Film Industry as an actor, director, screenplay writer, and lyricist and even as a playback singer. Such a versatile genius is quite rare in Indian cinema history. Nanda never won any National Awards. 2009, his film Jianta Bhoota won National Film Awards under National Film Award for Best Non-Feature Environment/Conservation/Preservation Film category.
He was the Bharatiya Janata Party's senior leader and Orissa state BJP Vice President and resigned from the primary membership of the party in August 2007. After that he joined Nationalist Congress Party.In Oriya film industry Tarasankar Mishra won National award as a child artist for Oriya Film Lavynapreeti and Manjula Kunar won national award as a best supporting actress for her acting in Bhanga Silata, till 2012 no other Oriya actor or actress has won national award.
Nanda acted as male lead and directed the Hindi film Naiyya released in the year 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19397618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397618" title="Runway Awareness and Advisory System">
Runway Awareness and Advisory System

The Runway Awareness and Advisory System (RAAS) is an electronic detection system developed by Honeywell. It provides aircraft flight crews with information concerning the aircraft's position relative to an airport's runway (while operating on the ground at an airport).
Entrance into service.
Alaska Airlines announced in September 2008 that its entire airline fleet of Boeing 737s will be equipped with RAAS by the end of September. That will be the first airline fleet to be completely equipped with this system.

</doc>
<doc id="19397621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397621" title="Germanium dichloride">
Germanium dichloride

Germanium dichloride is a chemical compound of germanium and chlorine with the formula GeCl2. It is a solid and contains germanium in the +2 oxidation state. 
Preparation.
Solid GeCl2 can be produced by passing germanium tetrachloride, GeCl4, over Ge metal at 650°C.
It is also formed from the decomposition of chlorogermane, GeH3Cl, at 70°C.
Reactions.
GeCl2 is hydrolysed to give yellow germanium(II) hydroxide, which on warming gives brown germanium monoxide:
Solutions of GeCl2 in HCl are strongly reducing. With chloride ion, ionic compounds containg the pyramidal GeCl3− ion have been characterised, for example With rubidium and caesium chloride compounds, e.g.RbGeCl3 are produced; these have distorted perovskite structures. 
Molecular GeCl2, dichlorogermylene.
Molecular GeCl2 is often called dichlorogermylene, highlighting its resemblance to a carbene. The structure of gas-phase molecular GeCl2 shows that it is a bent molecule, as predicted by VSEPR theory. The dioxane complex, GeCl2.dioxane, has been used as a source of molecular GeCl2 for reaction syntheses, as has the "in situ" reaction of GeCl4 and Ge metal. GeCl2 is quite reactive and inserts into many different types of chemical bonds.

</doc>
<doc id="19397628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397628" title="1995–96 Liga Artzit">
1995–96 Liga Artzit

The 1995–96 Liga Artzit season saw Hapoel Tayibe win the title and become the first ever Arab club to be promoted to the top division. Hapoel Jerusalem were also promoted.
At the other end of the table, Shimshon Tel Aviv and Hapoel Kfar Shalem were relegated to Liga Alef.

</doc>
<doc id="19397663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397663" title="Fred Scrine">
Fred Scrine

Fred Scrine (25 March 1877 – 8 August 1962) was a Welsh international rugby union scrum-half who played club rugby for Swansea. Scrine's style of play was as a fast spoiling player and was first capped for Wales in 1899 against England.
Rugby career.
Swansea born, Scrine played most of his rugby for first class team Swansea Rugby Football Club. He was selected to play for Wales in the 1899 Home Nations Championship, and was selected alongside fellow Swansea players Billy Bancroft, Tom Parker and the 'Curly haired marmasets', David and Evan James. In the first international at Swansea's ground, St Helens, for four years Wales beat England with some ease. Scrine had a solid game and set up Willie Llewellyn for his third try during the game. Scrine was back two months later in the same tournament, but this time against Scotland. The Scottish won 21-10, and Scrine was not recalled for the final match against Ireland. He would get his day against the Irish two years later when selected again for a game at St Helens. Wales won the game, but Scrine was not selected again, as a new wave of exciting players jostled for selection. 
In 1905 Scrine was part of the Swansea team to face the Original All Blacks, and scored a try against the tourist, though the All Blacks won through 4-3.
In 1906, Scrine was part of a players' revolt at his club side Swansea, over the nature of professionalism, and managed to change the club rules. Scrine would later clash with the WRU in 1907, when as part of an investigation into professionalism at Aberdare and Treorchy, Scrine was temporarily suspended for breaking union payment laws.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19397668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397668" title="U-1 (semi-trailer)">
U-1 (semi-trailer)

The U-1 was a liquid hydrogen trailer designed to carry cryogenic liquid hydrogen (LH2) on roads being pulled by a powered vehicle. It was constructed by the Cambridge Corporation and had a capacity of 26 500 liters with a hydrogen loss rate of approximately 2 percent per day. The U-1 was a single axle semi-trailer, The specifications for its successor the U-2 a double axis semi-trailer were issued on 15 March 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="19397672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397672" title="Central African Republic at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Central African Republic at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Central African Republic sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. According to official records, the country's only athlete competed in athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="19397699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397699" title="Francie Schwartz">
Francie Schwartz

Francie Schwartz, born 1944, is an American scriptwriter and the former girlfriend, during the late 1960s, of Paul McCartney, who referred to her as "Franny". At the time McCartney was engaged to the actress Jane Asher, who broke off the engagement after she found them in bed together. In 1972 Schwartz wrote an account of these events in her "early autobiography", "Body Count". 
Affair with McCartney.
Intrigued by the Beatles' formation of the Apple Corps, which she had read about in the American magazine "Rolling Stone", she went to London at the age of 23 to see if one of her scripts was of interest to what she regarded as the "non-establishment". She met the Beatles at a critical point in their development, when they were making the "White Album".
Her script was for a film about a street violinist and actor she had met when he was doing his act in front of Carnegie Hall, New York. She thought the story would be perfect for Paul McCartney with the addition of his lyrical and romantic musical melodies. She came to London on 3 April 1968 and, a few days later, walked into the reception room of their first office in 95 Wigmore Street, London W1U 1QW. This was prior to Apple Corps' move to Savile Row later in 1968. At the time McCartney was just standing there in conversation with some business contacts. A relationship developed and he later invited her to move in with him at 7 Cavendish Avenue in St John's Wood, London NW8 9JD, where he was living at the time. McCartney gave her a job working for Derek Taylor, Apple Corps' Public Relations manager, writing press releases for various Apple Corps artists including James Taylor, Mary Hopkin, Badfinger and Jackie Lomax. 
While Jane Asher was away on holiday, Schwartz lived with McCartney. Schwartz says they had nicknames for one another: he was "Mr. Plump" and she was "Clancy". According to most accounts, Asher returned to find them in bed together. One of the fans who used to hang around McCartney's house at 7 Cavendish Avenue in St Johns Wood, London, says that "...Paul brought this American girl home...a little while later...another car turned into Cavendish Avenue — it was Jane. She'd come back...earlier than she was supposed to. Jane went into the house. A bit later on she came storming out again and drove away." Later on, Jane's mother arrived to retrieve Jane's things. Schwartz later stated in her book "Body Count" that McCartney and Asher had broken up before the affair, but she did not deny that Asher saw them in bed together. She insists that Asher "knocked" on the bedroom door first.
The relationship quickly degenerated. McCartney apparently made her leave several times before the final split between the two. Beatles associate Tony Barrow believed that Paul "used her" to break up with Jane.
Memories of "The White Album".
She was present, as was John Lennon's girlfriend Yoko Ono, when the "White Album" was being recorded. She said, at this time, she "was almost always stoned" and "the four began to diverge as artists during these sessions". Lennon and Ono came to live at Cavendish Avenue temporarily as guests when Schwartz was living there. Schwartz says that Lennon was upset one morning after McCartney admitted sending a note to Lennon, which referred to Ono as a "Jap tart". McCartney insisted that it was intended as a joke.
On Sunday, 28 July 1968, in the midst of recording the "White Album", the Beatles decided to spend what became known as "A Mad Day Out", being photographed at seemingly random locations in London. Schwartz had the task of picking suitable photographic sites. War photographer Don McCullin was the primary cameraman, with additional photographers Ronald Fitzgibbon, Stephen Goldblatt, Tom Murray, and Tony Bramwell coming along as well. Beatles' assistant Mal Evans also took pictures. Ono and Schwartz were also present. In February 2010, Tom Murray unearthed some of the "Mad Day Out" photographs and put them on display at the Three White Walls Gallery in Birmingham, England.
Later events.
In the late 1970s, Lennon received a letter purporting to be from Schwartz in which the author stated that she had become pregnant by McCartney and had borne his child. Lennon appears to have believed this to be true. Schwartz has denied having written any such letter and stated she had no children. 
In September 1999, Schwartz reconnected with Yoko in SoHo for a mini-reunion.

</doc>
<doc id="19397718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397718" title="Jason Turner (cartoonist)">
Jason Turner (cartoonist)

Jason Turner (born 22 November 1970) is a Canadian cartoonist, born in Manitoba and currently living in Vancouver. He is most well known for the graphic novel "True Loves", which he collaborated on with his wife, Manien Bothma. "True Loves", originally serialized in weekly installments online at Serializer, was published in 2006 by the Vancouver-based New Reliable Press. A second volume of "True Loves" is currently being serialized at Serializer and will be published in 2009, also by New Reliable Press. Prior to "True Loves", Turner self-published dozens of minicomics, the first being "The Roadhouse Stickler". Turner started publishing comics online in 2000 to much acclaim, most notably from cartoonist and comics theorist Scott McCloud, who lists Turner as one of his top twenty favorite cartoonists currently publishing work on the internet.
Turner is a member of the Crown Commission, a collective of Canadian cartoonists. He has contributed work to several anthology books, including "Elf World", "The Stick Figure Anthology", and several volumes of "You Ain't No Dancer".
In 2007, "True Loves" was nominated for the Vancouver Public Library "One Book, One Vancouver" award.

</doc>
<doc id="19397719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397719" title="Jalmenus evagoras">
Jalmenus evagoras

The Imperial Hairstreak or Common Imperial Blue ("Jalmenus evagoras") is a small-sized butterfly of the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria.
"Jalmenus eubulus" was formerly considered a subspecies of "Jalmenus evagoras".
The wingspan is about 40 mm.
The larvae feed on a various "Acacia" species, including "Acacia falcata" and "Acacia spectabilis".
The Caterpillars are attended by the ant species "Iridomyrmex anceps" and "Iridomyrmex rufoniger".
Behavior.
Ant-Related Mutualism.
"Jalmenus evagoras" exhibit an unusual mating system reflecting its close relationship with Iridomyrmex workers, commonly associating with both "Iridomyrmex anceps" and "Iridomyrmex vincinus". While butterfly larvae and pupae secrete food for the worker ants, the ants in return protect the organism from outside threats such as parasites and predators such as wasps, predatory ants, reduviid bugs, and spiders. This is an example of mutualism where both species work together, each benefiting in the process. Populations living without the presence of ants have a lower chance of survival. In mating, male "Jalmenus evagoras" learn the position of plants, taking into account the fact that healthy larvae and pupae are found in areas with attending ants.
Mating Process.
Adult males search for mates by investigating the clusters of larvae clumped together on the branches of host plants such as the Acacia tree. Males hover around the juveniles, often using their antennae as a tool to taste for the age and sex of the larvae. A mating ball is subsequently formed as on average twenty males scramble to the site of an eclosing pupa that is just about to emerge as an adult. This competitive aggregation of males around the pupa is termed the explosive mating strategy. After a female emerges, copulation takes place right away, usually before she has a chance to let her wings harden and expand.
Female Mating System and Living.
Female "Jalmenus evagoras" use hierarchical cues in oviposition, the egg laying process. Such cues include the appropriate host plant species, the nutritional quality of the plant, the presence or absence of attendant ants, and the presence or absence of conspecific juveniles. There is an interplay between these sets of cues that influences where a female decides to lay her eggs. To ensure that her eggs get the optimal chance of survival and reproduction later on, females prefer to lay eggs on high quality host plants, as these larvae can attract larger ant guards simply due to positioning. Female "Jalmenus evagoras" are monogamous. In experimentation it has been observed that females appear at a given site for shorter periods of time than males, although it is unknown if this is because females have a shorter life span or simply that they have emigrated out more. The shorter life span hypothesis is plausible given the fact that female "Jalmenus evagoras" are monogamous and do not necessarily need to live longer to mate with multiple mates.
Male Mating System and Living.
Male "Jalmenus evagoras" exhibit protandry, usually emerging before females of the same species. In an effort to find mates, they regularly patrol trees containing pupae, taking into account the fact that healthy larvae and pupae are found in areas with attending ants. Only the healthy juvenile butterflies they are seeking live amongst the ants, and learning this cue serves as a way for male butterflies to find suitable females before they even mature, saving them both time and energy. Males are not territorial and will readily leave one host plant to join another mating ball. Males are sexually indiscriminate in mate-searching, often resulting in attempted copulations with eclosing males. Female pupae are generally a bit larger than male pupae so size could in fact be used as an indicator of sex to avoid mistaken copulations. However, male "Jalmenus evagoras" do not depend on size and there is no evidence that they land on the bigger pupae, just the pupae that are tended to by more attendant ants. This shows the importance of the presence or absence of ants as a major factor in mate selection. In addition, males mate multiple times, and if they are successful, have been observed to mate as many as seven times in their lifetime. The three components of male lifetime mating success is longevity, encounter rate, and mating efficiency.

</doc>
<doc id="19397722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397722" title="Pipob On-Mo">
Pipob On-Mo

Pipob On-Mo () (born April 22, 1979 in Phichit, Thailand) is a Thai footballer, who captains Chonburi and plays for Thailand.
Club career.
The career of Pipob On-Mo began in 2000 with BEC Tero Sasana F.C.. He won two championships and two runner-up with the club. Although the club in 2003 was the final of the AFC Champions League, but did not Pipob used. Since 2007 he plays for Chonburi F.C.. In his first season with the new club succeeded him also equal the championship erringenund he was voted player of the year. He then played with the club in the AFC Champions League. By winning the 2008 runner-up, he plays with Chonburi in the 2009 AFC Cup. There they reached him, not least thanks to the Round of 32
International career.
In the Thailand national football team, he was appointed very late. Although he played in the U-17 Thailand and won with your the AFC U-17 Championships in 1998, but he made for the seniors in 2005 his first international match. He played in the 2012 AFF Suzuki Cup as a substitute. He later retired from the national team.
Honours.
Club
"BEC Tero Sasana"
"Chonburi"
International

</doc>
<doc id="19397726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397726" title="Mohan Chand Sharma">
Mohan Chand Sharma

Mohan Chand Sharma (23 September 1965 − 19 September 2008) was an Indian Police Inspector who served in the Delhi Police, Special Cell and was killed during the Batla House encounter in Delhi with suspected terrorists. Sharma was a much-decorated police officer and had won seven gallantry medals including the President of India's Medal in 2008. He was awarded the Ashoka Chakra on 26 January 2009.
Career.
Sharma is native to Chaukhutia Masi region of Almora in Uttar Pradesh now Uttarakhand. Sharma served the Delhi police for 19 years. He joined the Delhi Police as a sub-inspector in 1989 and was instrumental in the killing of 35 alleged Khalistani terrorists and the arrest of another 80 alleged militants, according to an authorised Delhi police statement. The police statement also claimed that he had killed 40 alleged gangsters from outside Delhi and arrested another 129. He died on 19 September 2008 after sustaining injuries during an encounter with terrorists involved in the 13 September 2008 Delhi bombings.
He was honored with seven gallantry medals, including the President’s Police Medal for Gallantry in 2003 and 2007 and Police Medals for Gallantry in 2001, 2002, 2004 and 2005. He also received 150 rewards for exemplary performance.
Death.
Sharma, who led the Batla House encounter at Jamia Nagar, New Delhi where terrorists linked with the 2008 Delhi blasts were suspected of hiding. Sharma received bullet injuries to his abdomen, thighs and right arm. According to the autopsy performed at the AIIMS, he died of excessive bleeding. Sharma was not wearing bulletproof armour.
Legacy.
He is noted for his involvement in high-profile cases that include the 2001 Indian Parliament attack, 2000 terrorist attack on Red Fort and 29 October 2005 Delhi bombings. Sharma was instrumental in arrest of four Jaish-e-Mohammad alleged militants in February 2007 after an encounter at DDU Marg, Delhi. He was also involved in an encounter which saw the death of one of the most wanted terrorists, Abu Hamza, at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in 2006.
Tribute.
The Prime Minister of India, Manmohan Singh said "Sharma had shown exceptional courage and was an inspiration for the security forces. He has shown exceptional courage and is an inspiration for our security forces," he stated. In a letter to Sharma's wife on his death, Singh wrote: "It is officers like your husband who make us all feel confident that our security is in safe hands. Your husband’s passing away is a great loss for our country and society."
President Pratibha Patil said "his was a supreme act of sacrifice, courage and bravery and he would be always remembered by the nation."
Congress president Sonia Gandhi in a condolence message said that Sharma "battled with the terrorists valiantly and sacrificed his life in the service of the country. Our battle against terrorism will continue with full resolve," she said.
"We will do whatever we can to pay homage to him on behalf of the entire country," said Home Minister Shivraj Patil. "Mohan Chand has been one of our most brave officers. He won many gallantry awards," said Police Commissioner YS Dadhwal.

</doc>
<doc id="19397728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397728" title="François Gelez">
François Gelez

François Gelez (born January 15, 1979 in Tyrosse) is a former French international rugby union player, who previously played as a fly-half for SU Agen.
Gelez has played for France, making his debut on November 10, 2001 against South Africa. He was also part of the team that won the Grand Slam in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19397739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397739" title="Jetsadakorn Hemdaeng">
Jetsadakorn Hemdaeng

Jetsadakorn Hemdaeng (Thai เจษฎากร เหมแดง), born March 2, 1986) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thailand Premier League clubside Bangkok Glass.
Club Career.
Jetsadakorn began his career with Chonburi. He played for Chonburi FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.In 2012 he was loaned to Wuachon United, after the second leg of the 2012 Thai Premier League he moved back to Chonburi FC. At the end of the 2013 Thai Premier League he moved to Ratchaburi FC, this is his first permanent move from Chonburi.
International Career.
In 2012 Jetsadakorn debuted for Thailand against Bhutan in a friendly match.
Style of Play.
Jetsadokorn was noted for his aggressive and highly-competitive style of play as well as his high work rate.
Honours.
Clubs

</doc>
<doc id="19397740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397740" title="1842 General Strike">
1842 General Strike

The 1842 General Strike, also known as the Plug Plot Riots, started among the miners in Staffordshire, England, and soon spread through Britain affecting factories, mills in Yorkshire, Lancashire and coal mines from Dundee to South Wales and Cornwall. 
The strike was influenced by the Chartist movement - a mass working class movement from 1838-1848. After the second Chartist Petition was presented to Parliament in April 1842, Stalybridge contributed 10,000 signatures. After the rejection of the petition the first general strike began in the coal mines of Staffordshire. The second phase of the strike originated in Stalybridge.
A movement of resistance to the imposition of wage cuts in the mills, also known as the "Plug Riots", it spread to involve nearly half a million workers throughout Britain and represented the biggest single exercise of working class strength in nineteenth century Britain. On 13 August 1842 there was a strike at Bayley's cotton mill in Stalybridge, and roving cohorts of operatives carried the stoppage first to the whole area of Stalybridge and Ashton, then to Manchester, and subsequently to towns adjacent to Manchester including Preston, using as much force as was necessary to bring mills to a standstill. The Preston Strike of 1842 resulted in a riot where four men were shot on 13 August at Lune Street. Three died in the riot at Halifax. The movement remained, to outward appearances, largely non-political. Although the People's Charter was praised at public meetings, the resolutions that were passed at these were in almost all cases merely for a restoration of the wages of 1820, a ten-hour working day, or reduced rents.

</doc>
<doc id="19397744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397744" title="Tchanaga">
Tchanaga

Tchanaga is a town in northern Togo.
Transport.
It is proposed to be served by a railway station on the Togo Railways network.

</doc>
<doc id="19397761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397761" title="Mohamed Koné">
Mohamed Koné

Mohamed Koné (born February 28, 1984) is an Ivorian footballer. He plays for Thai Premier League club side TOT.
Career.
He moved to the Burmese club Yangon United on loan from Thai Premier League club Chonburi F.C. in 2009 after finishing second top goalscorer with 14 goals in the 2009 Thai Premier League.
According to the Chonburi fan club, Koné is one of Chonburi's best players of all time, and they were shocked to find out that he has never played for a bigger club. Koné has most recently been linked with a move to England or France with reported interest from Preston North End and FC Lorient.
He now plays of TOT FC in the Thai Premier League, and frequently performs a moonwalk after scoring goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19397769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397769" title="Józef Gara">
Józef Gara

Józef Gara (29 January 1929 – 10 July 2013) was miner who spoke an endangered language of Wilamowice, Wymysorys, which had only 70 native speakers, and created the Wymysorys alphabet. He also wrote poetry in Wymysorys language. In 2003 he published "Zbiór wierszy oraz słownik języka wilamowskiego" ("A collection of poems and the dictionary of Wymysorys language"). In 2004 he collected old Wilamowicean songs, corrected and extended the old ones with a view of releasing them. Between 2004 and 2006 he taught Vilamovian in a primary school in Wilamowice.

</doc>
<doc id="19397815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397815" title="Richard Lippincott (Quaker)">
Richard Lippincott (Quaker)

Richard Lippincott (1615–1683) was an early settler of Shrewsbury, New Jersey. Lippincott was a devout English Quaker who emigrated to Colonial America to escape persecution for his religious beliefs.
Life.
Born in Devon, England, he was descended from Ruald Adolphus de Lovecote. De Lovecote was a Norman who was a companion of William the Conqueror. Richard Lippincott settled in Dorchester, Massachusetts Bay Colony and became a member of the church, consequently being made a Freeman by the General Court of Boston on 13 May 1640.
His first child, a son was born there and he was named Remembrance in the traditional Puritan manner. However Lippincott soon removed to Boston where his second son John and his eldest daughter Abigail were born. He was becoming disillusioned with New England Puritanism and was formally excommunicated on 6 July 1651 for being tenacious about his religious beliefs which became increasingly different from the church doctrine. A year later he returned to England hoping to find greater religious liberties than he did in Massachusetts Bay. He named his next child Restore in commemoration of this event.
After this he began to associate with George Fox and the Society of Friends(Quakers)and started debating with Fox's future wife Margaret Fell about whether Christ or the Scriptures was the Word of God. Lippincott was jailed at Plymouth, Devonshire for attesting that "Christ was the Word of God, and the Scriptures a document of the mind of God". After his release he found the occasion to name his next child, a son, "Freedom".
Things were quiet for a while and during this time a daughter named Increase and a son named Jacob were born. After this last child he was again jailed for the "faithfulness of his religious convictions". Fortunately he was released with the help of Margaret Fell who had some influence with Charles II.
Deciding that he was treated more poorly as a Quaker in England than he was in the New World he moved to Rhode Island where his last son Preserved was born as Lippincott finally believed that he had found liberty in Roger Williams' new colony. Later, he moved to the area of Shrewsbury, New Jersey after buying patents for purchase of which he was by far the largest shareholder. The reason given for the founding of the patents was in order that the inhabitants could experience "free liberty of Conscience without any molestation or disturbance whatever in the way of worship.
http://www.webcitation.org/query?url=http://www.geocities.com/angie_sullivan_family_tree/pafn36.htm&date=2009-10-25+12:27:57
Famous descendants.
George W. Bush is a descendant of his son Freedom Lippincott through his mother,
Barbara Bush
Richard Nixon is a descendant of his son Restore Lippincott
Sam Waterston, the American Actor, is a descendant of his son Freedom Lippincott through his mother, Alice.

</doc>
<doc id="19397825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397825" title="Misa Uehara">
Misa Uehara

Misa Uehara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19397838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397838" title="Hi'-Neighbor!">
Hi'-Neighbor!

"Hi'-Neighbor!" is a 1934 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, it was the 126th "Our Gang" short to be released and Meins' first series entry as director.
Plot.
While sailing their toy tugboat in a puddle outside their house, Wally and Spanky notice a moving van with a child-sized fire engine riding into the neighborhood. They quickly round up the rest of the gang, and follow the moving van to its destination. The fire truck's owner, a snobbish rich kid named Jerry, comes out to find a dozen strange children playing with his fire engine and shoos them all away, refusing to trade any sorts of collateral (pocket knives, gratitude) for even a ride. When Wally's girl Jane turns up, however, Jerry is quick to offer her a ride. Wally tries to dissuade Jane from riding with Jerry by telling her that the gang has a fire engine of its own, big enough to hold all of them. Jane agrees to a ride with Wally in his fire engine after she gets back from her ride with Jerry.
Wally, Stymie, and the gang quickly begin building a makeshift fire engine of their own, "borrowing" wheels, hoses, plywood, and other raw materials from around the neighborhood. As the older kids work on the fire engine, little Spanky and Scotty find themselves forced out of the proceedings, and sit on the sidelines giving commentary on the building process. Unknown to the kids, Jerry sneaks over to the gang's barn with Jane, hoping to prove the gang does not have a fire engine. He quickly ends up running away, however, when a drill from the other side of the barn door relieves him of his pants.
The unwieldy results of their labor fail to impress Jane, whom Jerry successfully coaxes into another ride with him. The gang follows them, and Jerry challenges them to a race to the bottom of a steep hill. Not long after the start of the race, the gang's fire engine loses its brake (a 2x4 nailed between the wheels) and Jerry fears that the gang might very well run him over. Halfway down the hill, he leaps out of his fire engine into a lawn, leaving Jane alone to crash in the next yard over. While the gang cheers in victory, their fire engine suddenly veers onto the sidewalk, where they knock over several pedestrians and ride straight through a hedge, which tears their clothes and causes them to emerge from the other side in their underwear.
Notes.
"Hi-Neighbor!" was the first "Our Gang" film produced after the series' four-month hiatus, necessitated by George "Spanky" McFarland's unavailability. While on loan to Paramount to appear in "Miss Fane's Baby Is Stolen" (1934), George McFarland caught whooping cough, but his parents allowed him to work while sick. As a result, McFarland gave the disease to his juvenile co-star Baby LeRoy, forcing a shutdown in production. As punishment to McFarland's parents, the Los Angeles Board of Education suspended George McFarland's work permit for ninety days, resulting in a four-month gap between the production of "Wild Poses" in August 1933 and "Hi'-Neighbor!" in January 1934.
Between "Wild Poses" and "Hi'-Neighbor", several changes were made to the "Our Gang" company. Producer-director Robert F. McGowan, who had been with the series from its beginnings in 1921, was worn out from the strain of working with child actors and left Hal Roach Studios to direct features at Paramount. He was replaced by Gus Meins, a veteran director who had worked on another series of shorts starring children, the "Buster Brown" films, during the silent era. Meins' approach would be different from McGowan's, as his films adhered closer to a prepared script with less room for improvisation or unrelated gags.
Also joining "Our Gang" at this time were several new child actors, in particular Wally Albright, Scotty Beckett, and Jackie Lynn Taylor. Albright, already a veteran actor at age eight, had appeared briefly in the "Our Gang" short "Choo-Choo!" in 1932. He would appear in four more "Our Gang" shorts as the kids' leader in 1934. Four-year-old Beckett made his film debut in "Hi'-Neighbor!", and was cast as Spanky's sidekick, a role he would continue in until mid-1935. Taylor appeared in five "Our Gang" shorts in 1934; Jane Withers was originally cast in her role for "Hi'-Neighbor!" before Withers backed out to appear in the feature "Bright Eyes" with Shirley Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="19397848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397848" title="William Reeve">
William Reeve

William Reeve (1757 – 22 June 1815) was an English theatre composer and organist.
Biography.
Reeve was born in London. He initially studied to be a law stationer but abandoned his studies in order to study the organ with a Mr Richardson of St James's, Westminster. He became an organist in Totnes, Devon in 1781. In 1783 he returned to London to work for John Astley's equestrian theatre where he composed all-sung burlettas. He also composed stage works of various kinds for John Palmer's short-lived Royalty Theatre. All of his works were entirely sung as none of these non-patent houses were permitted to perform works with any spoken drama. Some of Reeve's pieces were revived at the patent theatres after the Royalty closed in 1788. Most notably, his ballet-pantomime "Don Juan" (1787) was incredibly popular and both Drury Lane and Covent Garden adopted it for their repertories.
In 1787 Reeve was elected to the Royal Society of Musicians and eventually served as the Governor of the organization in both 1794 and 1804. Reeve occasionally worked as an actor at the Haymarket company during the late 1780s and early 1790s. He also appeared in productions at Covent Garden for two seasons (1789–91), playing minor roles for £2 a week. In the autumn of 1791, Covent Garden's house composer, William Shield, left abruptly and Reeve took over the position for £4 a week. While there he completed Shield's score for the ballet-pantomime, "Oscar and Malvina" (1791) in addition to composing some of his own theater works. After Shield's return in 1792 Reeve became organist of St Martin Ludgate but continued as a freelance composer for London's patent and minor theatres. He also provided much rather facile music for the topical spectacles and pantomimes at Sadler's Wells. During Lent of 1794 he was engaged at the Lyceum Theatre for four nights a week, producing "Mirth's Museum", a variety entertainment. He served a second term as Covent Garden's house composer during 1797–8 and began collaborating with other composers.
From 1803 until his death Reeve also served as co-proprietor, director of music, and shareholder of Sadler's Wells Aquatic Theatre, where he set about 80 librettos, many written by co-proprietor Charles Isaac Mungo Dibdin. Because of the success at Drury Lane of Reeve's comic opera "The Caravan" (1803), which featured an on-stage water tank into which "Carlos the wonder dog" leaped to rescue a drowning child, Sadler's Wells installed an irregularly shaped 8000-gallon tank, three feet deep, beneath the stage. Reeve wrote music for the new specialty, ‘aquadrama’: all-sung musicals featuring pirates, waterfalls, nautical battles, ocean fiends and other watery terrors.
Reeve wrote largely to support and highlight the talents of specific performers, such as the clown Joseph Grimaldi at Sadler's Wells, and to provide easy listening. He could rapidly compose strophic comic songs in the popular Scottish style and compile scores based on genuine ballads and folksongs. Reviewers found his music entertaining. Some of his other popular later works included a melodrama, "The Purse" (1794), a Robin Hood pantomime, "Merry Sherwood" (1795) (especially the drinking song "I am a friar of orders grey") and a comic opera, "The Cabinet" (1803). At the time of his death in London, Reeve owned seven of Sadler's Wells's 40 shares, which he bequeathed to his daughter, Charlotte. His family pursued theatrical careers as well: Mrs Reeve sang at Astley's and in "Mirth's Museum", Charlotte was an actress and his son George composed for Sadler's Wells and played the trumpet. A portrait of Reeve engraved by J. Hopwood (after E. Smith) appears in the libretto to "The Cabinet".

</doc>
<doc id="19397859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397859" title="Misa Uehara (actress, born 1983)">
Misa Uehara (actress, born 1983)

She appeared in the movie "" (呪怨) and live action TV series "Nodame Cantabile" (のだめカンタービレ).

</doc>
<doc id="19397863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397863" title="Palestinian general strike">
Palestinian general strike

The Arabs general strike lasted from April–October 1936 in the British Mandate of Palestine and was part of the 1936–1939 Arab revolt in Palestine.
The dissent was influenced by the Qassamite rebellion following the killing of Sheikh Izz ad-Din al-Qassam in 1935 as well as the declaration by Hajj Mohammad Amin al-Husayni of 16 May 1930 as 'Palestine Day' and calling for a General Strike on this day, following the 1929 Buraq (Western Wall) Uprising.
The strike began in Nablus and soon other committees in Haifa, Jenin, Tulkarm and Jerusalem were formed to join the protest. The demands of the strike were Independence for Jerusalem and a stop to removals of workers from the land.
While the strike was initially organised by workers and local committees, soon religious leaders and families were involved to help coordination. This led to the formation on 25 April 1936 of the Arab Higher Committee or HAC.
The response of the British to the strike was to impose heavy fines on villages and cities. The city-port of Jaffa was especially singled out. Under the guise of urban renewal the British ordered the demolition of hundreds of homes in the city and more than a thousand in neighbouring villages. The British also authorised the Zionist Movement to build a port in neighboring Tel Aviv, in proclaimed competition with the strike-bound Port of Jaffa. 
In July, the authorities imposed martial law and fresh troops were brought in from England. Special Night Squads of Zionist and British soldiers were formed to attack villages. It is believed that the British authorities dynamited 5000 houses and executed 148 prisoners in Acre Prison alone.
Solidarity campaign committees were formed in Damascus, Baghdad, Cairo and Beirut. In Syria a promise of self-government from the French was made after a 50 day strike. In Egypt anti-British demonstrations in November 1935 brought about the resumption of negotiations between the two countries for a treaty of independence. 
The strike was eventually called off in November 1936, by the HAC, under the influence of Britain. King Ghazi of Iraq, King Abdul Aziz of Saudi Arabia and Amir Abdullah of Transjordan appealed on the workers to end the strike because as they wrote in Palestinian newspapers, "We rely on the good intentions of our friend Great Britain, who has declared that she will do justice."

</doc>
<doc id="19397868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397868" title="Salsa Jeans">
Salsa Jeans

Salsa is a Portuguese company and brand of clothing. Salsa has stores around the globe and designs, produces, and sells products ranging from jeans to skirts.
History.
Founded in Portugal in 1994 as a family business, the company expanded into Spain in the 1990s and has since spread across Europe and Asia. In the last decade Salsa has spread to the Middle East, alone or in partnership with leading fashion retailers. Salsa is a bestseller in Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, and the United Arab Emirates.
Jeans.
Salsa jeans are made from denim, strengthened and then dyed to indigo blue. To ensure the ultimate fit throughout the garment's life, Salsa jeans are pre-shrunk and the fibres compressed before being cut in Salsa’s characteristic styles. "Salsa Wonder Jeans" are the brand's top selling jeans model.

</doc>
<doc id="19397880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397880" title="Mauritius at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Mauritius at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Mauritius sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. According to official records, two athletes represented the country in athletics and swimming.

</doc>
<doc id="19397887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397887" title="Diego de Pantoja">
Diego de Pantoja

Diego de Pantoja or Diego Pantoja (Chinese: 龐迪我, "Pang Diwo"; April 1571, Valdemoro, Spain – January 1618, Portuguese Macau, China) was a Spanish Jesuit and missionary to China who is best known for having accompanied Matteo Ricci in Beijing. His name also appears in some sources as Didaco Pantoia.
He arrived in Portuguese Macau on 20 July 1597, where he received his final instructions for his work in China at São Paulo Jesuit University. He was then sent to the Ming dynasty's southern capital, Nanjing, where he stayed from March 1600. He worked together with Matteo Ricci. Together, they left Nanjing on 19 May 1600 and arrived at the Ming dynasty's Northern and overall capital, Beijing, on 24 January 1601.
He worked in Beijing for many years, among others, as a musician, astronomer (with calendar corrections) and geographer (working with latitude).
On 18 March 1617 he was tried as an enemy of the Chinese astronomers and was expelled from China, along with his colleague Sabatino de Ursis, and settled down in Macao, where he stayed for the short time before his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19397917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397917" title="Cause and Effect (Maria Mena album)">
Cause and Effect (Maria Mena album)

Cause and Effect is the fifth album by the Norwegian singer-songwriter Maria Mena. "Belly Up" was the first single of the album, but only released in her home country. "All This Time" was the 2nd single in Norway and the first single released in the rest of Europe. A music video for "All This Time" aired on VH1 Europe.
Charts & certifications.
Year-end charts.
"All This Time (Pick-Me-Up Song)" (single):

</doc>
<doc id="19397918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397918" title="Almere Centrum railway station">
Almere Centrum railway station

Almere Centrum is a railway station in Almere, the Netherlands. It is located approximately 22 kilometres east of Amsterdam. The station lies on the Weesp–Lelystad railway. Almere Centrum is located in central Almere: a new town established in 1976 on land reclaimed from the sea (cf. Flevoland). Almere Centrum has two platforms and four tracks, and was opened in 1987 following the completion of the Flevolijn between Weesp railway station and Lelystad Centrum. The station's original name was Almere Central Station (CS), but it was renamed in 1999 to Almere Centrum.
The station building has a glass roof, and the tracks and platforms are elevated above street level. Almere Centrum bus station is located beneath the railway station.
Train services.
The following train services call at Almere Centrum:
Bus services.
These services are operated by Connexxion.

</doc>
<doc id="19397964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397964" title="Willem de Graaf">
Willem de Graaf

Willem de Graaf is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
De Graaf made his full All Whites debut in a 0-0 draw with New Caledonia on July 25, 1969, and he ended his international playing career with 22 A-international caps and 7 goals to his credit, his final cap gained in a 0-0 draw with Indonesia on September 7, 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="19397984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397984" title="Burnett Hillman Streeter">
Burnett Hillman Streeter

Burnett Hillman Streeter (17 November 1874 – 10 September 1937) was a British biblical scholar and textual critic.
Life.
Streeter was born in London. He was educated at The Queen's College, Oxford. He was ordained in 1899 and was a member of the Archbishop’s Commission on Doctrine in the Church of England (from 1922 to 1937). In 1910, he formed a group of Oxford dons known as The Group, which met weekly to discuss theological topics. He attended the 1935 Nuremberg Rally. He wrote a dozen volumes in the fields of philosophy of religion, comparative religion, and New Testament textual studies.
He was Dean Ireland's Professor of the Exegesis of Holy Scripture at the University of Oxford from 1932 to 1933, when he became Provost of Queen's College.
The most important work of Streeter was "The Four Gospels: A Study of Origins" (1924), in which he proposed a “four document hypothesis” (instead “two-source hypothesis”) as a new solution to the synoptic problem. In this work he also developed the theory of “local texts” in the manuscript transmission of the New Testament (pp. 27–50). Johann Leonhard Hug was his forerunner.
He found a new textual family: Caesarean text-type. He remarked a close textual relationship between Codex Sinaiticus and Vulgate of Jerome.
Streeter and his wife, Irene, were the only passengers on a Koolhoven FK.50, HB-AMO which crashed into Mount Kelleköpfli on a flight from Basel to Bern on September 10, 1937. The crew started the descent to Basel in low visibility due to foggy conditions. The plane hit Mount Kelleköpfli located near Waldenburg, 25 kilometers southeast from the Basel airport. The pilot Walter Eberschweiler and the Streeters were killed immediately, while the radio operator/navigator Hans Huggler survived the accident but was severely wounded.

</doc>
<doc id="19397994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19397994" title="Lesotho at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Lesotho at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Lesotho sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. According to official records, the country's only athlete was female runner Thato Mohasoa.

</doc>
<doc id="19398007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398007" title="Lealt Valley Diatomite Railway">
Lealt Valley Diatomite Railway

The Lealt Valley Diatomite Railway was a Two foot and 600 mm gauge railways narrow gauge tramway on the Isle of Skye, Scotland, which ran parallel with the River Lealt.
At the opening the line was worked by gravity - the line being on a falling gradient - and manpower. Later, the line acquired the use of a steam locomotive.
The western end of the line was at Loch Cuithir, where diatomite - known locally as "Cailc" (Scottish Gaelic for chalk) - was extracted from the lochbed and dried on wire nets. The seaward terminus had warehouses on the cliff-top at Invertote. At the base of the cliff was a factory where the diatomite was kiln dried, ground and calcined. The line was extended from the factory onto a pier into the Sound of Raasay. Diatomite was also extracted from Loch Valerain and transported by aerial ropeway to Staffin Bay. During its existence, the Skye Diatomite Company extracted 2000 tons of diatomite.
From Invertote, the diatomite was transferred by skiff, onto puffer boats, waiting in the bay, and shipped across to the mainland. The diatomite was converted into kieselguhr which was mixed with nitroglycerine by Nobel Industries, at Ardeer, to make dynamite.

</doc>
<doc id="19398027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398027" title="Trinummus">
Trinummus

Trinummus is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus. 

</doc>
<doc id="19398035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398035" title="Dennis Tindall">
Dennis Tindall

Dennis Tindall was a New Zealand soccer player who represented his country.
Tindall made his full All Whites debut in a 2-4 loss to New Caledonia on July 18, 1971 and ended his international playing career with 21 A-international caps and 5 goals to his credit, his final cap also earned in a loss to New Caledonia, 1-2 on October 2, 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19398052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398052" title="Cambridge School (Kandivali)">
Cambridge School (Kandivali)

Cambridge School is a school in Kandivali, Mumbai, India. The school is a member of the Ryan International Group of Institutions.
History.
The school was inaugurated by Dr. A. F. Pinto in 1998. 
Principal: Mrs Khushboo Anand, Past Principal: Mrs Aarti Channana, 
Secondary Supervisor: Mrs .Sughandi
Campus.
Cambridge School is located in Thakur Complex, Kandivali East. It has an assembly ground and two small gardens for the children to play in. The Grace Garden has been set up to display environmental efforts made by the school.
School Address:
Opp: Gokul Heights Thakur Complex Kandivli (E),Mumbai – 400 101.
Ph No : 022-28541864
Fax : 022-28541683
Sports and traditions.
The school has basketball, football and cricket teams.
Curriculum.
Cambridge School offers schooling from pre-primary to class X. The school follows the ICSE (Delhi) syllabus.
External links.
http://ryan.myclassboard.com/RyanDefault.aspx - for school's Student, Parents & Staff login

</doc>
<doc id="19398063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398063" title="Mynes geoffroyi">
Mynes geoffroyi

Mynes geoffroyi, the Jezebel Nymph is a medium-sized butterfly of the family Nymphalidae found in Australia. The subspecies M. g. guerini is called White Nymph.

</doc>
<doc id="19398079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398079" title="Mohanakrishnan Kaladi">
Mohanakrishnan Kaladi

Mohanakrishnan kaladi is a Malayalam poet of the new age. He was born in 1978 at kaladi( malappuram-kerala) and educated in Chemistry. His poems are collected in five books: "Palise", "Mazhappottan","Minukkam","Bhoothakkatta","Rain Coat" (D. C. Books, Kottayam) and "aanamazha"(Kerala balasahithya institute). He has also published a prose-collection named "Mattarum kanathey"(kairali books, Kannur)
"Palise" has won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi "Kanakashree" award for poetry in 2006. He has also won Vailoppilli-Shreerekha award, K.B. Menon memorial award, Atlas-kairali award and Vailoppilli award for poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="19398086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398086" title="David B. Mitchell (police chief)">
David B. Mitchell (police chief)

David B. Mitchell (born September 17, 1950) is an American police chief in Maryland and previously Delaware.
David B. Mitchell was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. His educational background includes B.S. in management and technology, M.A. in public policy degrees, and J.D. degrees from the University of Maryland, College Park, and graduation from the FBI National Academy. At the age of 21 in 1971, Mitchell began his professional career with the Prince George's County Police Department, rising through the ranks to become Police Chief from 1990 to 1995 under then-County Executive Parris Glendening. He was appointed as Superintendent of the Maryland State Police in the Cabinet of Governor Parris Glendening in 1995 serving in that post until 2003. 
In June 2004, Mitchell moved to Delaware to accept his appointment as state Secretary of Safety and Homeland Security in the Cabinet of Governor Ruth Ann Minner, serving in that post until January 2009. Following his return to Maryland, he was appointed as Director of Public Safety and Chief of the University of Maryland Police Department in May 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19398098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398098" title="Rothesay and Ettrick Bay Light Railway">
Rothesay and Ettrick Bay Light Railway

The Rothesay and Ettrick Bay Light Railway was a narrow gauge electric tramway on the Isle of Bute, Scotland.
History.
The original tramway was opened in 1882 - a horse-drawn gauge tramway running from the promenade at Rothesay to Port Bannatyne. 
In 1901 the tramway was bought by British Electric Traction and closed on 2 March 1902 for modernisation. It was regauged to and electrified. Some horse-drawn vehicles were re-gauged and operated a temporary service until the electrification was complete. Electric services started on 13 August 1902.
On 13 July 1905 a -mile extension from Port Bannatyne to Ettrick Bay along a reserved right of way was opened. It had been built by Dick, Kerr & Co..
On 1 January 1914, control of the company passed to the Scottish General Transport Company.
Closure.
On 1 June 1932, the company name changed to Western Scottish Motor Traction Company, and the tramway closed on 30 September 1936.
The depot in Port Bannatyne is still in use as a bus garage.

</doc>
<doc id="19398104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398104" title="Barry Fitzgerald (Australian rules footballer)">
Barry Fitzgerald (Australian rules footballer)

Barry Fitzgerald (born 1 October 1938 in Adelaide) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the VFL.

</doc>
<doc id="19398113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398113" title="Afternoon Ragas">
Afternoon Ragas

Afternoon Ragas is a 1970 studio album by Nikhil Banerjee and includes performances of the ragas Bhimpalasi (or Bhimpalasri) and Multani.

</doc>
<doc id="19398123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398123" title="Danish National Cycle Route 1">
Danish National Cycle Route 1

Danish national cycle route 1, known as the "Vestkystruten" (West Coast Route), is the first of the 11 Danish National Cycle Routes. It runs from the Danish-German border at Rudbøl in Southern Jutland to Skagen, at the northernmost tip of Vendsyssel island. It follows the west coast of Jutland and is long, with 70% of this distance being along paved roads.
It is part of EuroVelo 12 AKA the North Sea Cycle Route.
Route.
The route starts at Rudbøl, a small village on the Danish-German border which is also the starting-point of Danish National Cycle Route 8 (the "South Sea Route"). From here it runs north through Skærbæk, Esbjerg, Hvide Sande, and Thyborøn where there is a ferry-crossing to the island of Vendsyssel. Beyond the ferry-crossing the route continues northward through Hanstholm and Hirtshals before ending in Skagen.

</doc>
<doc id="19398146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398146" title="Tervoorst">
Tervoorst

Tervoorst, known as "Tervoeësj" in Limburgish, is a hamlet in the municipality of Nuth in the province of Limburg, the Netherlands.
The hamlet contains approximately sixty houses, located in a linear pattern along the "Voorsterstraat" and the "Horenweg", which run from the village of Nuth until the hamlet Brand. The Platsbeek river flows to the north of the settlement. In the south there is a hill supporting the nearby Hunnecum hamlet's windmill as well as houses situated on its slopes.

</doc>
<doc id="19398153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398153" title="Mamoutou Diarra">
Mamoutou Diarra

Mamoutou Diarra (born May 21, 1980) is a French professional basketball player. He is (2.00 m) (6 ft 6 ¾ in) tall and 225 lbs. (102 kg) in weight. He can play at both the shooting guard and small forward positions.
Pro career.
Diarra began his professional career with AS Bondy 93 of the French Second Division in 1999. He then moved to the French First Division club Paris Racing Basket, where he played from 2000 to 2005. He then moved to Chalon, where he played from 2005 to 2007.
He played with the Greek League club PAOK from 2007 to 2009. He then joined the Italian League club Air Avellino, before moving to the French League club Chorale Roanne. In 2010, he moved to the Greek League club Maroussi., but due to the economic problems of the Greek club he returned to French Pro A signing a one-year contract with Cholet.
French national team.
As a member of the senior men's French national basketball team, Diarra won the bronze medal at EuroBasket 2005, and he also played at the 2006 FIBA World Championship.
Personal.
Diarra is the brother of the rapper Oxmo Puccino.

</doc>
<doc id="19398198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398198" title="Dimmu Borgir discography">
Dimmu Borgir discography

The discography of Dimmu Borgir, a Norwegian symphonic black metal band, consists of one demo album, seven studio albums, six extended plays, one compilation album, four singles and three videos.
Dimmu Borgir was formed in 1993 by Shagrath, Silenoz, and Tjodalv in Oslo, Norway and released their first extended play, "Inn i evighetens mørke" (English: Into the Darkness of Eternity), in 1994 shortly followed by their début studio album, "For All Tid" (English: For all time), in the same year. Two years later, in 1996, they released their second studio album "Stormblåst" (English: Stormblown) under Cacophonous Records and was their final album sung entirely in Norwegian until its rerecording in 2005 under Nuclear Blast. The band's first release under Nuclear Blast was their third studio album "Enthrone Darkness Triumphant" and was also their first album to make it into the charts; peaking in its seventh week in the Finnish charts at number 26 and debuting in the German charts at number 75. Before the release of their fourth studio album, "Spiritual Black Dimensions"; in 1999, Dimmu Borgir released the compilation album "Godless Savage Garden" to, according to the band, "hold fans over while waiting for the next full-length, "Spiritual Black Dimensions"." Two years later, in 2001, they released their fifth studio album, "Puritanical Euphoric Misanthropia", and a further two years later their sixth and first album to chart in the United States; "Death Cult Armageddon". In 2005 the band released the rerecording of their second studio album under the title "Stormblåst MMV" followed by their first concept album "In Sorte Diaboli", in 2007, which debuted in at number one in the Norwegian album charts and at number 43 in the "Billboard 200", making them the first Norwegian band since a-ha to crack the United States Top 50.

</doc>
<doc id="19398229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398229" title="Jackie Saunders">
Jackie Saunders

Jackie Saunders (October 6, 1892 – July 14, 1954) was an American silent screen actress who was one of the major players and stars of Balboa Films. Before joining Balboa in 1914 at age 21, she had been a model and Orpheum Stock Company theater player. She starred in many of Balboa's films during its existence as a film producing company. In the '20s and after Balboa folded, she appeared in productions produced by William Fox, Metro Pictures, Lewis J. Selznick, Thomas H. Ince and B. P. Schulberg.
She was born Anna Jackal in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and died in Palm Springs, California. Her last known film credit was in 1925.
Personal life.
Saunders was married twice, first to E. D. Horkheimer from 1916 to 1920; a daughter, Jacqueline (1917–2006), was born of the marriage. In 1927 she married J. Ward Cohen. They were wed until his death in 1951. A daughter Mary Ann was born to them in 1927. Mary Ann died in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19398243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398243" title="Hexatic phase">
Hexatic phase

The hexatic phase is a phase that is between the solid and the isotropic liquid phases in two dimensional systems of particles. It is characterized by two order parameters: a short-range positional and a quasi-long-range orientational (sixfold) order. More generally, a hexatic is any phase that contains sixfold orientational order, in analogy with the nematic phase (with twofold orientational order). 
The existence of the hexatic phase was proposed by John Michael Kosterlitz and David J. Thouless as well as Bertrand Halperin, David R. Nelson and A. P. Young in theoretical studies about melting in two dimensions. They proposed two phase transitions by 
binding of topological defects (dislocation and declination). The first transition occurs when the solid (quasi-long-range positional order, long-range orientational order) undergoes a dislocation unbinding transition to the hexatic
phase (short-range positional order, quasi-long-range orientational order). The second transition is the disclination unbinding transition which transforms the hexatic phase into an isotropic phase (short-range positional and orientational order). 

</doc>
<doc id="19398255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398255" title="Troy Hickman">
Troy Hickman

Troy Hickman is an American comic book writer. He received two Eisner Award nominations for "Common Grounds" and in 2008 was one of the winners of the "Top Cow Pilot Season" competition for his comic, Twilight Guardian.
Biography.
Hickman spent a decade in independent comics before getting his break with Top Cow where he wrote "Common Grounds", a series that looked at superheroes gathered in a coffee shop.
It was revealed at the 2009 Comicon International that Common Grounds had been picked up by Starz Media for a television series.
He wrote issues 4-6 of the Top Cow run of the "City of Heroes" comic book. The story for these issues would prove popular enough to later become playable content in the City of Heroes MMORPG in Issue 11, and he scripted this as well. Hickman is also an active member of the City of Heroes forums.
Hickman entered the second Top Cow Pilot Season competition with "Twilight Guardian," a story which was one of the two winners and was turned into a four issue series which received great critical acclaim. This series has also been optioned for a film. 
In addition to his comic book work, he is a well-known and award-nominated teacher of Creative Writing and English.
Hickman lives in Lafayette, Indiana, and has a reputation as a proud Hoosier.
Bibliography.
Comics work includes:
Awards.
2005: Nominated for Eisner Awards, "Common Grounds" (Best Short Story and Best Anthology)

</doc>
<doc id="19398260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398260" title="Meols Park">
Meols Park

Meols Park and Recreation Ground is located in Meols on the Wirral Peninsula, England. The park consists of a small playground area and a larger grassed area, with an area for playing football. The park is situated on School Lane and is bordered by Mumfords Lane, Greenwood Road and Dovepoint Road. The park is also near to the North Wirral Coastal Park. There is a newly formed group, known as the Friends of Meols Park, whose aim is to look after the development of the park.
Friends of Meols Park.
The local community group was established in October 2007. The Friends of Meols Park work in partnership with the Wirral Council Parks Development Team. The group helps to organise community events and contribute to management of the park. The group also helps to raise funding for improvements and new facilities. The group chairperson is Esther Mcvey.
Meols Park Celebration Day.
The Liverpool band China Crisis made an appearance at the Meols Park Celebration Day, on 6 September 2009.
The occasion was to mark the success of the Friends of Meols Park community group, in raising funds to provide a new play area, within the park, with the assistance and guidance of Wirral Council. During the event, the park was filled with families enjoying the entertainment and activities. Entertainment was provided with donkey rides, horse & cart rides, a Punch and Judy show, a Viking show, children's rides and various novelty stalls. The Wirral Community Play Rangers were on hand to organise children's games, and there were mini soccer tournaments for children, with each participant receiving a souvenir medal. Church groups from St Andrew's URC and St Johns provided help with tea and coffee.
The 92.1FM 7Waves Community Radio Roadshow team hosted the event, and presented the entertainment. Local music artistes provided entertainment within a large marquee. A notable person, to make an appearance in the crowd, was Andy McCluskey, the frontman of OMD, who originated in Meols. Liverpool band China Crisis performed "Wishful Thinking", among other songs.

</doc>
<doc id="19398279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398279" title="Heinrich Reinhardt (composer)">
Heinrich Reinhardt (composer)

Heinrich Reinhardt (1865–1922) was an Austrian composer. He died on 31 January 1922 in Vienna and is buried at the Döbling Cemetery.
Biography.
Reinhardt was born on 13 April 1865 in Pressburg (now Bratislava). The son of a jeweller, he went to Vienna to study at the conservatory of the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde where he was one of Anton Bruckner's pupils. He became an accomplished pianist and organist, and his familiarity with several other instruments later served him well as orchestrator of his own works and those of others. Between 1890 and 1900 he published numerous songs, piano and salon pieces, as well as an opera, "Die Minnekönigin" (1895). 
He also wrote music reports for the "Neue Freie Presse", "Neues Wiener Journal" and "Die Zeit", but abandoned this after the tremendous success of his first operetta, "Das süsse Mädel" (Carltheater, 25 October 1901). It opened a new phase for Viennese operetta, being more overtly in the song and dance musical comedy style. However, Reinhardt's dozen later works were eclipsed by those of Edmund Eysler, Franz Lehár, Oscar Straus and Leo Fall.

</doc>
<doc id="19398284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398284" title="Vito Di Giorgio">
Vito Di Giorgio

Vito Di Giorgio (March 19, 1880 – May 13, 1922) was an early crime boss of the Los Angeles crime family. Originally from Palermo, Sicily, Di Giorgio lived most of his life as a grocer in New Orleans. While he lived in Los Angeles he was known as a wealthy food importer. During his New Orleans years he was an active Black Hander. As a Mafia boss in California, he was even feared by members of other crime families. He survived two shootings, only to be killed while visiting Chicago in 1922.
Early Life and Life in New Orleans.
Vito Di Giorgio was an early (and possibly the first) Mafia boss of Los Angeles. Born to Filippo and Giuseppa Di Giorgio in Palermo, Sicily, in 1880, he came to the United States around 1904. After a brief stay in New York with his reported cousin, he moved to New Orleans. There, he married Maria Cristoforo April 23, 1909, and joined the community of organized criminals. He was acknowledged as a cousin and a friend to New York City Mafia boss Giuseppe Morello, and with this connection became a leading Black Hander. It is not known when he joined the Honored Society; he may have been a member in Sicily. Using the alias of Joseph Caronia, he was arrested in 1908 for extortion. He was the leader of a Black Hand group that sent an extortion letter demanding money from a leading Italian grocer. He signed the letter "King of the Mafia." He and his associates were freed after a short stay in jail due to lack of evidence. Further investigation showed that Di Giorgio killed a man, Joseph Campisciano, in self-defense about a year earlier. He had used the name Caronia at that time too.
In 1914 he became the owner of a grocery and saloon that was sold to him by the brother of the original proprietor. It had been a successful business and the press did not understand why the owner would sell it. It is likely that the owner, Henry Sciambra, was forced to sell. Sciambra's brother Anthony, the original owner, was murdered in 1912 by an intruder while he was in his home sleeping.
Even for a powerful Mafioso life could be dangerous. Di Giorgio was shot and almost fatally wounded by an assassin on May 13, 1916. He recovered, but an associate who was in the saloon with him did not fare so well and died soon after. One of Di Giorgio's men was captured after he fired at the shooter and was found to have a letter from Frank Sicola of St. Louis. Sicola was a St. Louis Black Hand leader who was shot and killed in 1922. This is evidence of the connections early Mafiosi had, a network that remained unknown to the public until the 1957 Apalachin meeting.
Four years later Di Giorgio was alleged to have masterminded a robbery to some acquaintances that led to the death of Dallas Colmes, an Independence restaurant owner, on May 7, 1921. This resulted in the infamous hanging of the six men responsible in 1924.
Life in Los Angeles.
In 1920 Di Giorgio and his family were renting a house at 1017 East 21st Street in central Los Angeles. Nicola Gentile, who was a Mafia leader in Pittsburgh and several other cities, noted that he was feared throughout California. Nevertheless, Di Giorgio continued to have enemies and was shot a second time, on July 18, 1921, after returning home from a trip to the beach with his family. He was shot in the leg and recovered. Di Giorgio, described as a "wealthy fruit dealer," and his wife both told LAPD officers that he had no enemies and did not know who shot him or why.
Apparently not long after this incident, Gentile (who noted Di Giorgio's leg injury) visited him in the home of his underboss, Rosario DeSimone. Gentile was on a mission to remove a "death sentence" placed on his compare, Vincenzo Chiappetta. Gentile did not know the reason for the death sentence on Chiappetta, only that it concerned an unresolved issue between the two of them. Chiappetta was one of the men arrested with Di Giorgio in 1908, and was now a member of the Kansas City Family. Before meeting Di Giorgio, Gentile transferred his membership from the Cola Schiro crime family in Brooklyn (Salvatore Maranzano's predecessor), to the San Francisco Mafia organization. From there arrangements were made to meet with the Los Angeles Mafia leader. When they did meet, it was cordial and respectful. In the end, Gentile was successful in convincing Di Giorgio to drop the death sentence, and a letter of explanation was sent to the Kansas City leader Paolo DiGiovanni.
Death.
Nothing is heard of Di Giorgio until May 13, 1922. He and a friend from New Orleans, Vincenzo "James" Lo Cascio, had been traveling the country, most recently in Buffalo, New York. Shortly before their visit, a number of organized crime figures and bootleggers were killed in the Buffalo area. From there they went to Chicago. While the purpose of their meeting is unknown, it is likely that they met with Chicago Mafia leader Michele Merlo, who was also president of the Chicago chapter of the Unione Siciliana. On May 13, Di Giorgio, Lo Cascio, and an unidentified third man, went to a barber shop and pool hall on Larabee Street. While Di Giorgio was in a barber's chair for a shave and a haircut, and Lo Cascio was playing a game of billiards, two or three gunmen entered the shop, walked up to both men from behind and shot and killed them both. Their deaths were reported not only in Chicago, but in New Orleans and even by the New York Times. However, none of the Los Angeles papers reported on the killings.
Legacy.
When Vito Di Giorgio was killed in Chicago the rest of his family had already returned to New Orleans. His wife struggled and was arrested for bootlegging a year later. She died in 1933. Rosario DeSimone succeeded Di Giorgio as the Los Angeles boss, but appears to have stepped down in the mid-1920s. Joseph Ardizzone succeeded him. DeSimone died in 1946 of natural causes. Ten years later, DeSimone's son Frank DeSimone became boss of the Los Angeles crime family. Michele Merlo, known as the peacemaker among the warring Chicago bootlegging factions, died of cancer in 1924. Paolo DiGiovanni died in 1929. Vincenzo Chiappetta relocated to St. Louis, where he died in 1970 at the age of 83. Nick Gentile fled the country in 1937 to avoid prosecution for drug trafficking and remained in Italy for the rest of his life. He lived to be in his 90s.
References.
Baiamonte, John V., Jr. "Spirit of Vengeance: Nativism and Louisiana Justice, 1921-1924." Baton Rouge and London: Louisiana State University Press, 1986.
Flynn, William J. "The Barrel Mystery." New York, James A. McCann Company, 1919.
Gentile, Nick, with Felice Chilanti. "Vita di Capomafia." Rome: Editori Riuniti, 1963.
Warner, Richard N. "The First Mafia Boss of Los Angeles? The Mystery of Vito Di Giorgio, 1880-1922." "On The Spot Journal" (Summer 2008), 46-54.
Warner, Richard N. "The First Crime Boss of Los Angeles?" "Informer" 3:3 (July, 2010), 4-15.
http://www.scribd.com/doc/34455739/Informer-v03n3-2010-July
"New Orleans, Louisiana Marriage Records Index, 1831-1925, v. 31, p. 102"; Vito DiGiorgio documented incorrectly as DiGingio, married Maria Cristoforo April 23, 1909 (submitted by Frank Palisi).
"New Orleans, Louisiana Death Records Index, 1804-1949, v. 184, p. 641., DOD May 13, 1922 (submitted by Frank Palisi).
"World War I Draft Registration Cards, 1917-1918", Date of Birth March 19, 1880, Occupation Grocer, Residence 2301 Dauphine Street, New Orleans, Louisiana, which is near address as found on the 1920 US Census, New Orleans, Louisiana (submitted by Frank Palisi).
"U.S. Federal Census, Orleans Parish, New Orleans, Louisiana, 2309 Dauphine Street, Head of household Vito DiGiorgio; 2nd Precinct, SD1, ED130, Ward 8, Sheet 11A (submitted by Frank Palisi).

</doc>
<doc id="19398313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398313" title="Swimming at the 2005 Mediterranean Games">
Swimming at the 2005 Mediterranean Games

The swimming competition at the 2005 Mediterranean Games was held in the "Las Almadrabillas Sports Centre" in Almería, Spain from 24–28 June 2005. It was a long course (50 metres) event.

</doc>
<doc id="19398374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398374" title="Spirit of Burgas">
Spirit of Burgas

Spirit of Burgas is a summer music festival in the city of Burgas, on the Black Sea coast of Bulgaria. The first edition of the festival took place on 15–17 August 2008 and since then it has significantly grown in popularity, becoming one of the most prominent summer music festivals in Europe.
The premiere edition of the festival featured performers like The Sisters of Mercy and Hot Club de Paris (15 August), Asian Dub Foundation, Pharoahe Monch and Upsurt (16 August), Cradle of Filth, Kosheen and Bonobo on the main stage. Besides the main stage, there were separate dance, music space, rock, DJ and Latino stages presenting well-known and aspiring artists alike. Among the more popular artists on the other stages were Chris Liebing, Andy Cato of Groove Armada, King Roc of Ministry of Sound, Pendulum, Wickeda and Deep Zone Project.
The second edition of Spirit of Burgas took place on 14–16 August 2009, and featured Faith No More, Fun Lovin' Criminals, The Crystal Method, Clawfinger, Dreadzone, LTJ Bukem, De Phazz, Sub Focus, Alexander Kowalski, Speedy J, Mario Ranieri, and up and coming Australian alternative rock band The Monicans among others.
Spirit of Burgas is organized on Burgas' central beach, situated on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast. Among its partners and sponsors are MTV Europe, who aired two specials about the festival in September 2008, Tuborg, Mobiltel, Jack Daniel's, Jacobs, DSK Bank and others.
The 2010 edition took place on August 13, 14 and 15. The headliners were The Prodigy and Serj Tankian, former frontman of System of a Down. As always events were carried out on the city's central beach, with limited campsite places offered to visitors.
The 2011 line-up included Moby, Skunk Anansie and Leftfield.
The 2012 edition took place on 3, 4, and 5 of August.
The 2012 edition took place on July 27–28.
2012 line-up.
Main Stage
BG Hip Hop Unity, Ms Dynamite, Tinie Tempah, Busta Rhymes, Caspa, Platform Crew, Panican Whyasker, Sensor, Sum 41, The Prodigy, Skiller, Foreign Beggars DJ Set, DJ NoNames, Wickeda (Уикеда), Gentleman and the Evolution, Chase and Status, Korn, Audio & Mc Stapleton, HMSU Crew.
Solar Dance Arena
Juan Alvarez, Sunnery James & Ryan Marciano, Armin Van Buuren, Mark Knight, Fedde Le Grand, Liubo Ursiny, Richie Hawtin, Dubfire
Jack Daniels Rock Arena
Silhouette (Силует), Nomadia (Номадия), Les Elephants Bizzares, Ostava (Остава), Svetlio and the Legends (El Presidente), Milena, Cut Off, Redound, Vendetta, Last Hope, Контрол, Piranha, Downslot, Stop Stop, The Jim Jones Revue, ODD CREW, Saw This
Natamno (На Тъмно)
Preyah & Smooth, FRAPPE, Rock a Shock, Kozza Mostra, Django Ze (Джанго Зе), Upsurt, DJ 100 Kila, Top Stoppers, X Team, R&B Records vs. Sniper Records, Conquering Lion, MC NRG D + Band, Zion Lion's Soundsystem, Funkamental, Q Check feat. Сърмата Хари, DRS, Нокаут & Guests, Popa Sapka, DJ Bai Pop, Zion Lion's Reggae Experience
Brazzo Brazzie
Bee in the Bonnet, Mad Dogs, RomaNeno Project, Johnny Vasquez & Tumbaito, Dj Dobcho, Sentimental Swingers & Mihail Yossifov, J.I.B.R.I., Da New Generation, Leah Kline Quintet, Frankie Morales & Tumbaito, Southwick & Рут Колева (Ruth Koleva), Funkallero, Смут и мизерия в Източна Румелия, Mango Duende, Brazz ViliDJ & Friends
2013.
The 2013 edition of the festival has been moved back to 27–28 July, according to the organizers this was done so that the festival can fit in the European tours of "major" bands.
The announced artists are:
Wu-Tang Clan, The Editors, Zaz, Rizzle Kicks, Selah Sue, Chase & Status, Enter Shikari, Little Roy, Che Sudaka, Milenita and Upsurt.

</doc>
<doc id="19398376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398376" title="John Broderick">
John Broderick

John Broderick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19398396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398396" title="Too Late to Worry, Too Blue to Cry">
Too Late to Worry, Too Blue to Cry

Too Late to Worry, Too Blue to Cry is the second album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1963 by Capitol Records.
Charts.
Singles – Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19398440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398440" title="Eisarena Salzburg">
Eisarena Salzburg

Eisarena Salzburg is an indoor sports arena, located in Salzburg, Austria. The arena was built in 1960 and has a capacity of 3,600 people.
It is currently the home arena for the EC Red Bull Salzburg ice hockey team of the Austrian Hockey League, EC Red Bull Salzburg II of the Nationalliga, EC Oilers Salzburg of the Oberliga and the Ravens Salzburg of the Dameneishockey Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="19398448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398448" title="Intimate Stranger">
Intimate Stranger

Intimate Stranger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19398451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398451" title="Acid attack (disambiguation)">
Acid attack (disambiguation)

Acid attack may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19398469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398469" title="1996–97 Liga Artzit">
1996–97 Liga Artzit

The 1996–97 Liga Artzit season saw Hapoel Ashkelon win the title and earn promotion to the top division for the first time in their history. Ironi Ashdod were also promoted.
At the other end of the table, Hapoel Kiryat Shmona and Hapoel Hadera were relegated to Liga Alef.

</doc>
<doc id="19398480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398480" title="Kalipahari">
Kalipahari

Kalipahari is a village in the Jhunjhunu district of Rajasthan. It is situated 2 km south of Bagar town. The Nearest Railway Station is Ratan Sahar.
kailpahari is a village of warriors and Lt Roop singh ji of village fought with loin and killed him without any weapon.
in the village there a temple of Dakuurji and Dadi maa it is located on the sand dunes there is a pahari in the village which is average in size in the village one of the ancient mandir is sankar bhagavan mandir and ifrom the whole village welcome you in the village
References.
reference : shekhawat and there time.

</doc>
<doc id="19398487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398487" title="Francisco Sánchez (wrestler)">
Francisco Sánchez (wrestler)

Francisco Sánchez Parra (born 30 June 1979 in Mallorca) is a male freestyle wrestler from Spain. He participated in the Men's Freestyle (– 55 kg) at 2008 Summer Olympics losing in 1/8 of final to Kim Hyo-Sub.

</doc>
<doc id="19398497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398497" title="Josef Reiter (composer)">
Josef Reiter (composer)

Josef Reiter (January 19, 1862 – June 2, 1939) was an Austrian composer.
Biography.
Josef Reiter was born in Braunau am Inn in 1862. He studied music with his father in Braunau, and moved to Vienna in 1886, where he worked as a music teacher and conductor. He served as the director of the Mozarteum in Salzburg from 1908 to 1911, and was the Kapellmeister at the Hofburgtheater in Vienna from 1917 to 1918. Primarily a composer of lieder and choral music, Reiter also wrote sacred music and chamber music, including at least five string quartets, of which the fifth, published in 1903, was named "Aus der Heimat"). Reiter composed a number of operas in a neo-Wagnerian style, though none achieved any lasting success. "Der Bundschuh" (1897) was conducted by Mahler at the Hofoper in Vienna in 1901 and withdrawn after five performances. In 1904 Reiter submitted his next opera, "Der Totentanz", for performance in Vienna, but it was rejected by Mahler. "Der Tell" fared little better and was never revived.
Reiter became a staunch supporter of the Nazis during the 1920s, and in 1931 dedicated his "Goethe Symphony" to Hitler. His loyalty was rewarded with revivals of both "Der Bundschuh" and "Der Totentanz" at the Deutsche Oper Berlin in 1938. The same year Universal Edition reissued his "Festgesang an einen Friedensfürsten" under the new title of "Festgesang an den Führer des deutschen Volkes" in celebration of the Anschluss. He died in Bad Reichenhall in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="19398507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398507" title="Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994">
Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994

In September 1994, President Bill Clinton signed into law the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994, written by US Rep. Joseph P. Kennedy (D-Mass). The law requires certain disclosures and clamps restrictions on lenders of high-cost loans. 
Codified in Regulation Z at 12 CFR 226.32, it only applies to non-purchase money transactions.
The law also gives the Federal Reserve Board broad powers to adjust regulations as it sees fit. Critics of Alan Greenspan argue that he failed to properly use these powers when the subprime mortgage problems became apparent in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19398510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398510" title="Arthur Raikes">
Arthur Raikes

Arthur Edward Harington Raikes (5 February 1867 – 3 March 1915) was a British army officer. 
Raikes was born on 5 February 1867 to Reverend Charles Hall Raikes and Charlotte d'Ende Arbuthnot. Raikes served as a Lieutenant in the Wiltshire Regiment before moving to Zanzibar where he was appointed Brigadier-General in the Sultan's army. In 1896 he was involved in the Anglo-Zanzibar War, caused by the succession of a sultan unfavourable to the British, and led 900 pro-British Askaris during the bombardment of the Sultan's palace. In return for his service he was appointed a First Class (Second Grade) member of the Order of the Brilliant Star of Zanzibar on 24 September 1896, a First Class member of the Zanzibari Order of Hamondieh on 25 August 1897 and later promoted to Commander of the Zanzibar armies.
By 1902 Raikes had been promoted to Captain of the Wiltshire Regiment. On 6 November 1903 he was granted approval to accept and wear the Cross of a Commander of the Order of Franz Joseph awarded to him by Francis Joseph I of Austria when he visited Zanzibar on board SMS "Zenta". On 26 July 1905 he was given approval to accept and wear the insignia of a Knight Commander of the Order of Christ, awarded to him by the Carlos I of Portugal in return for valuable services. On 12 July 1906 Raikes was appointed a First Class Member of the Order of El Aliyeh for services rendered to the Sultan of Zanzibar.
Raikes served as Vizier to Zanzibar from 1906 until 1908 and was, at one stage, first minister to the country. He married Geraldine Arbuthnot on 16 December 1899 with whom he would have one son. He died on 3 March 1915 at number 28 Kensington Court Gardens, London.

</doc>
<doc id="19398518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398518" title="Glen Campbell Live! His Greatest Hits">
Glen Campbell Live! His Greatest Hits

Glen Campbell Live! His Greatest Hits is the 54th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="19398524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398524" title="For Pete's Sake!">
For Pete's Sake!

"For Pete's Sake!" is a 1934 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 127th (39th talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
Wally had finished filling little Marianne Edwards' favorite doll with sawdust. Just as he was handing it back to her, neighborhood bully, bully Leonard grabs it with a rope and throws it out on a road. A car then crushes it. The gang promise to purchase a new doll for the brokenhearted girl.
Unfortunately, the kids have no money, Leonard's equally obnoxious father, who owns the toy store, agrees to give the kids a doll if they will hand over their beloved Pete the Pup in exchange. Balking at this arrangement, the kids concoct a variety of moneymaking schemes, all of them doomed to failure. Tearfully, the youngsters trade Pete for the doll. Pete does major damage to the store seconds later. The store owner then grabs the doll back. But Pete's continued destruction convinces him to hand the doll and the dog back to the gang who then take it to Marianne.

</doc>
<doc id="19398537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398537" title="Eissporthalle Kassel">
Eissporthalle Kassel

Eissporthalle Kassel is an arena in Kassel, Germany in the southeast end of the Karlsaue park. It opened in 1977 and holds 6,100 spectators. It is primarily used for ice hockey and was the home arena of Kassel Huskies of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="19398562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398562" title="Freedom (Akon album)">
Freedom (Akon album)

Freedom is the third studio album by hip hop and R&B Senegalese-American singer and record producer Akon. The album was originally named Acquitted; however, Akon changed it before it was released. It was released as a download on December 1, 2008, and in stores December 2, 2008. The album debuted at number 7 on the "Billboard" 200 with 110,600 copies sold in its first week.
Recording.
Production on the album began in late 2007 and ended in late summer 2008. Originally the album was to be called "Acquitted", but was later confirmed to be "Freedom" by Akon's label, Universal Music. Although there are some vulgarities on "Freedom", it does not carry the Parental Advisory warning, making it Akon's first album not to do so. In July, a leaked recording of Akon's duet with Michael Jackson titled "Hold My Hand" was released to the Internet and at first showings of the song was supposedly taken out by Akon's music label. The song was originally posted as an Akon demo with only Akon performing the song. The leaked song was rumored to be featured on both his and Jackson's own upcoming album. In an interview with MTV, Akon was hopeful to include the song on the album. However, on October 17, Akon's label released information on the track listing and the album does not feature the duet with Jackson. The UK bonus track, "Clap Again" samples "Click Click Click" by New Kids on the Block. The leaked version of the lead single "Right Now (Na Na Na)" included verse from rhythm and blues artist Danny Fernandes but never made the final cut; Akon decided to go solo. The tracks "Against the Grain" and "We Don't Care" were originally named "Falling in Love" and "Could You Be the Reason" respectively. "Troublemaker" seems to be a continuation of Akon's first solo #1 "Billboard" Hot 100 single "Don't Matter", with the lyrics suggesting that it is, as he says "Similar to the words it "don't matter", but this time they wanna see us together, look at us now."
Critical reception.
"Freedom" so far has a score of 58 out of 100 from Metacritic based on "mixed or average reviews". "Rolling Stone" described Akon's third studio album as "melodrama about love and love lost delivered in a hooting style over synth-swamped beats." Dan LeRoy of "The Hartford Courant" gave a positive review to the album, stating, "Akon's undeniable gift for hooks makes this an easy listen, and the ex-con posturing isn't missed." "The Boston Globe" also stated, "This tuneful, seemingly effortless set of sun-kissed pop reminds you why he's in so much demand." 411mania gave the album a score of eight out of ten and said, "This CD is great for the clubs and perhaps for driving down the road trying to find something to put in your cars, but the lyrics are your basic run-of-the-mill R&B song lyrics and leave you a little empty. The one thing I can say for Akon is that he has a pretty decent voice, he's got a great look, and he's got great promoters." "Entertainment Weekly" gave the album a C-, stating, "Akon's philosophy of liberty also includes the freedom to reuse nearly identical hooks for 13 songs straight." musicOMH gave the album one star out of five and stated, "Unfortunately, all this really means is an extra emphasis on weirdly pitched keyboard riffs and slightly dated sounding beats," and also stated "The album opens with its two best songs, which is never a good idea when there are twelve still to get through." "The New York Times" critic Jon Caramanica described the track "Holla Holla", featuring T-Pain, "is the first of theirs (song) in which the student clearly bests the mentor." Meanwhile, following the album's UK release, noted R&B writer Pete Lewis of the award-winning Blues & Soul stated: "With his new album's expansive moods ranging from banging ghetto jams like 'I'm So Paid' and sexual, T-Pain-featuring 'Holla Holla', to uplifting universal anthems like the autobiographical title-track and reggae-infused 'Sunny Day', hopes are high this time round for 'Freedom' to even eclipse Akon's already-amazing past international success."
Singles.
The first single released from the album, "Right Now (Na Na Na)", which peaked at #8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 was Akon's 12th top 10 hit on the chart. The second single is "I'm So Paid", featuring Lil Wayne and Young Jeezy. The single made a "Hot Shot Debut" at #40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and fell off the charts after a few weeks, but then re-entered and peaked at #31. "Beautiful", the third single, debuted and peaked at #19 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The fourth single from the album was "We Don't Care", The music video surfaced online on June 16. The songs "Troublemaker" featuring Sweet Rush and "Keep You Much Longer" peaked at #97 and #123 respectively on the "Billboard" Hot 100 based solely on iTunes downloads following the album's release without single releases.

</doc>
<doc id="19398567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398567" title="Samar Minallah">
Samar Minallah

Samar Minallah ( ALA-LC: ) is an Anthropologist, documentary filmmaker, and human rights activist from Pakistan. The media has termed her as the 'Saviour of Souls', and 'The Crusader with the Camera'. She has produced a number of documentaries, documenting the Vanni and Swara traditions and films on cultural heritage of Pakistan. She has been using poetry, music and various forms of culture for advocacy around issues that are important and difficult.
Background and education.
Samar has an MPhil in Anthropology & Development from the University of Cambridge.Samar is a Pushtun Anthropologist who uses film for change and advocacy. [http://www.edgeofconsciousness.net/2006/09/quail-of-tale-in-pakistan.html][http://www.antropologi.info/blog/anthropology/2009/anthropological_activism_in_pakistan_wit]
Awards and Honors.
Samar Minallah is the daughter of Nasr Minallah who was a senior civil servant and Bilqees Minallah a former MNA. Her siblings are Athar Minallah, Fauzia and Akmal. Her sister Fauzia is a distinguished cartoonist, and Athar played a prominent role in the restoration movement for Chief Justice Iftikhar Choudhry and was his spokesman.
Her Fight Against 'Swara' 'Vanni' or Compensation Marriages in Pakistan.
'Swara' or 'Vanni' are marriages where girls, often minors, are given as compensation to an enemy family to end disputes, often murders. The murderer gets away with his crime and his daughter, sister or niece pay the price for his crime for the rest of their lives.[http://beta.dawn.com/news/700060/documentaries-make-social-change-happen][http://www.dailytimes.com.pk/default.asp?page=2006%5C11%5C13%5Cstory_13-11-2006_pg7_20][http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/jun/05/pakistan.humanrights][http://www.unfpa.org/gender/docs/fact_sheets/marriage.doc]
In 2003, Minallah made a documentary on the practice of 'Swara' where girls are given as compensation to end age old disputes, with the aim of raising the profile of the custom and to persuade policy makers to finally recognize the problem and act to eliminate it. The documentary was first of its kind that was dubbed in local regional languages to reach out at the grassroots level. She even spread awareness through traditional truck art in Khyber Pukhtunkhwa.[http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2013/07/12/malalas_forgotten_sisters_girls_marriage_pakistan]
In 2004, following the documentary, the law was amended and according to PPC-310-A, whoever gives or takes a girl in compensation can receive 3 to 10 years imprisonment.
Samar filed a Public Interest Litigation in the Supreme Court of Pakistan against the custom. As a result, the Supreme Court directed the Inspectors General of Police (IGPs) of the four provinces of Pakistan to stop marriages to settle family feuds, declaring the customs of Vanni and Swara un-Islamic.
Samar was awarded the "Perdita Houston Human Rights Activist Award" for her contribution in advocating change on this issue. The award was presented by well-renowned feminist and author Gloria Steinman.[http://beta.dawn.com/news/705910/steps-ordered-against-anti-women-jirgas][http://www.dailytimes.com.pk/default.asp?page=2007%5c06%5c19%5cstory_19-6-2007_pg7_13][http://www.dailytimes.com.pk/default.asp?page=2012%5c03%5c17%5cstory_17-3-2012_pg7_4][http://www.irinnews.org/report/95810/pakistan-enslaved-by-tradition][http://tribune.com.pk/story/356123/tribal-decisions-sc-declares-jirgas-unconstitutional/][http://www.thenews.com.pk/Todays-News-6-125532-Uprooting-culturally-sanctioned-forms-of-violence-Samar-Minallah-sees-hope]
Other work.
Other works include ‘Bibi Shireenay: Where Honour Comes From’ and ‘Shinwaray Lawangeena: Where the Waters Meet’ 
Samar has also won a Unesco-sponsored regional documentary-making competition, addressing the issue of HIV and AIDS. Other countries participating were Iran, Afghanistan and Tajikistan. Samar was selected as one of the "Young Leaders of Asia" by Asia Society New York in 2007.
The filmmaker is also a recipient of the Unicef Child Rights Award 2005, which was presented to her for upholding the principles of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child in programming for and about the girl child in Pakistan. 
Some of her recent documentaries are ‘Allaho: A Lullaby for You my Daughter!’ ‘Warawae-e-Lasoona: The Song of Unity,’ ‘The Missing Link,’'Da Bajaur Gooloona',‘The Hidden Colours of the Northwest Frontier Province,’'Land of a Thousand Colors' and ‘The Dark Side of Migration.[http://tribune.com.pk/story/450223/documentary-screening-there-is-a-way-out-of-forced-marriages-says-activist/][http://beta.dawn.com/news/327992/touching-film-on-bajaur-homeless-screened]

</doc>
<doc id="19398573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398573" title="JAG Communications">
JAG Communications

JAG Communications was Britain's third largest independent mobile phone retailer. It was formed in 1989 in Cornwall by owner John George and the company's first 'store' was a disused 1920s railway carriage in the back garden of George's house at Par.
JAG Communications grew to over 160 outlets in Cornwall, the South of England, and Wales. The company HQ was at Perranporth Airfield, Cornwall and over 600 people were employed across the UK at its height.
In January 2009, JAG Communications underwent prepack administration following Lloyds Bank withdrawing the company’s £2 million overdraft. The assets of the old company were taken over by a new company owned by JAG founder John George and continued to trade under the JAG brand in an attempt to save the bulk of the company and the jobs.
In order to save the company, JAG offered each store manager the chance to run the stores they worked in under licence. Very similar to a franchise program.
In July 2010, JAG agreed to enter a joint venture with Go Mobile, but John George exited in August 2010 and the JAG Brand ceasing to exist, with Go Mobile taking on 75 JAG stores which are currently run by franchise partners. George hopes to start a new venture in the air taxi industry and also has links to a chain of milk shake shops that are planned to be opened across the South west.

</doc>
<doc id="19398577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398577" title="Institute for the Management of Information Systems">
Institute for the Management of Information Systems

The Institute for the Management of Information Systems (IMIS), previously called the Institute of Data Processing Management (IDPM), is the leading international association promoting excellence in the field of Information Systems Management through professional association and education. Its headquarters is in the United Kingdom, and it has approximately 12,000 members the majority of whom reside outside the UK. The Institute was founded in the 1978 and is a registered charity. The Institute has consistently played a prominent role in fostering greater understanding of the importance of Information Systems management, working to enhance the status of those engaged in the profession, and promoting higher standards through better education and training, both in the UK and overseas.
While there are several professional associations concentrating primarily on the technical side of information systems, the IMIS is the only one which focuses specifically on the practical application and management of information systems within society. It strives towards the recognition of Information Systems Management as one of the key professions influencing the future of the world.
Since their early establishment, the IMIS (formerly the IDPM) and the British Computer Society (BCS) have been regarded as the two main UK professional institutes for computer professionals. In a Press Release dated 03 May 2013, the BCS announced that "Following an overwhelming majority vote from its membership, the Institute for the Management of Information Systems (IMIS), has ratified its decision to merge with BCS, The Chartered Institute for IT, with immediate effect. The agreement will see all IMIS professional members transfer into BCS membership".
IMIS Qualifications.
IMIS qualifications are divided into three levels: 
Files of each course syllabus are available from the institute in PDF format via their website.
Foundation Diploma.
This course is suitable for young people who want to work with computers and need some entry-level education. All modules defined within the course structure may be taken individually or collectively to form a Foundation Diploma. Each module is designed to introduce the student to the basic elements of information systems practices.
Diploma.
Completion of these examinations awards a Diploma Certificate and Licentiate grade of professional membership. The general standard equates to the National (ONC) Certificate. Candidates having completed the Diploma course are working at the equivalent level of early entry analysts..
Higher Diploma.
The Higher Diploma extends and complements the Diploma course to give students a comprehensive knowledge of the entire field of operations, programming, systems analysis and design, and computer management. Access at this level is also available to candidates who comply with the entrance requirements which can be found on the IMIS website page. Completion of these examinations awards a Higher Diploma Certificate and Associate grade of professional membership. The general standard equates to the Higher National Certificate/Diploma (HNC/HND) and prepares candidates for work at the equivalent level of analyst/team leader.
After gaining their academic IMIS qualifications students can become full Members (or later Fellows) of the Institute.
Membership Grades.
IMIS offers tiered levels of membership dependent on what stage the candidate is at within their career. There are two Affiliate grades and four Professional grades of membership in IMIS, reflecting an individual's level of academic and experiential qualifications. 
Affiliate grades.
Student Member.
Open to those studying for a recognised Information Systems qualification leading to a professional membership grade.
Practitioner Member.
Open to those who are spending a substantial proportion of their working day involved in some aspect of information systems.
Professional grades.
Retired professionals can retain their membership grade and benefits for a yearly fee.
Licentiate Member (LIMIS).
Open to members having up to four years information systems work experience, combined with an appropriate professional qualification or waiver.
Associate Member (AIMIS).
Requires a minimum of four years information systems work experience, combined with an appropriate professional qualification or waiver.
Fellow (FIMIS).
The highest grade, FIMIS is available to members of the profession who have achieved distinction and/or a senior position over a career of no less than 15 years experience.
IMIS Journal.
The Institute has its own professional magazine, the "IMIS Journal" which is a quarterly publication circulated to the organisation’s 12,000+ members, in addition to business leaders, policy makers and academic institutions. The editorial content contains coverage and analysis of current people, events and topics of interest to senior managers working in an information systems setting. There is also a section of the IMIS Journal devoted to college and student members. The journal is currently distributed only online.

</doc>
<doc id="19398582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398582" title="The First Round-Up">
The First Round-Up

The First Round-Up is a 1934 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 128th (40th talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19398630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398630" title="HC ’05 Banská Bystrica">
HC ’05 Banská Bystrica

Hockey Club '05 Banská Bystrica is a professional Slovak ice hockey club based in Banská Bystrica, Slovakia. The team is nicknamed "Barani", it means Rams in English.
History.
Czechoslovak era.
HC '05 was founded in 2005 but professional hockey in Banská Bystrica was playing long before. The previous club was established in 1922. The club was named Slávia but later changed name several times. In 1962, the club was named Iskra ("Spark" in English) and this name kept up until 2005. In interwar period and during the World War II, the club played in the Slovak League. Their best placement was second in 1930, 1931, and 1934. They were members of the first postwar Czechoslovak Extraliga season. In the 1945–46 season, they finished 6th in Group A and were relegated from the Top level. Banská Bystrica returned to the Extraliga in the 1947–48 season but they finished 6th in Group A and were relegated again. This season was their last at the Top level until the 1995–96 Slovak Extraliga season. Since 1963–64, Iskra played in the 1. SNHL (1st Slovak National Hockey League), the second level in Czechoslovak hockey. They were members of all seasons of the 1. SNHL since its introduction in 1963 until dissolution of league in 1993. Iskra won the 1. SNHL in the 1968–69 season and were qualified to the preliminary round for the Czechoslovak Extraliga. They lost 5 of 6 games in the preliminary round against Škoda Plzeň, VŽKG Ostrava, and Mladá Boleslav and did not promote to the Extraliga.
Slovak era.
After dissolution of Czechoslovakia in 1993, the club was included to the Slovak 1.Liga, the second level in Slovak hockey. In their first season, they finished second. In the next season, Iskra won the 1. Liga and was promoted to the Slovak Extraliga. Iskra placed ninth in the 1995–96 season and they had to play the relegation round. Iskra saved the Extraliga for the 1996–97 season but this season was less productive and they were relegated from the Top level. They returned in the 1998–99 season but were relegated again, by missing the cut by three points. In 2005, the club was transformed to an incorporated company and renamed to HC '05. They were promoted to the Extraliga in the 2007–08 season after their victory in the playoffs finals against HK Spišská Nová Ves. In the 2010–11 season, they finished third in the regular season, defeated their big rival HKm Zvolen in the quarterfinals, and lost 3–4 against HK Poprad in the semifinals. This season was their most successful since their 1. SNHL victory in 1969.
Season-by-season results.
"This is a partial list of the last five seasons completed by HC ’05 Banská Bystrica. Code explanation; GP—Games played, W—Wins, OTW—Overtime wins, OTW—Overtime losses, L—Losses, GF—Goals for, GA—Goals against, Pts—Points. Top Scorer: Points (Goals+Assists)
Achievements.
Slovak Championship 
1. SNHL
NHL alumni.
"GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/– = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
"GP = Games Played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OTL = Overtime losses; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average; MIN = Minutes on ice"

</doc>
<doc id="19398646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398646" title="Zimný Banska Bystrica">
Zimný Banska Bystrica

Zimný Banska Bystrica is an arena in Banská Bystrica, Slovakia. It is primarily used for ice hockey and is the home arena of HC 05 Banská Bystrica of the Slovak Extraliga. It has a capacity of 3,000 people and opened in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19398656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398656" title="Honky Donkey">
Honky Donkey

Honky Donkey is a 1934 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 129th (41st talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released. It was partially filmed at the historic Culver Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="19398662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398662" title="Sex Bomb (song)">
Sex Bomb (song)

"Sex Bomb" is a 1999 song recorded by Welsh pop singer Tom Jones. Performed in collaboration with producer Mousse T., it was released in May 2000 and became the biggest single from the album "Reload". It reached number three in the UK Singles Chart. 
The "Peppermint Disco mix", a club version with house music beats, contains a sample from "All American Girls" by Sister Sledge. A jazzier "swing version" appears in Mousse T.'s solo album "Gourmet De Funk".

</doc>
<doc id="19398722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398722" title="Mike Fright">
Mike Fright

Mike Fright is a 1934 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the (42nd talking episode) 130th "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
When open auditions are announced for a radio variety program, the local station is besieged by aggressively over-coached "professional kids." Also auditioning is the "International Silver String Submarine Band"—which turns out to be the gang, equipped (or rather, armed) with home-made instruments. 
After suffering through an endless parade of cute kiddie troupers (and inadvertently blowing tubes and bulbs in the control room in the process), the gang steal the show with a rendition of "The Daring Young Man on the Flying Trapeze".
Theme song.
"Mike Fright" was the first "Our Gang" short since "Pups Is Pups" to not contain the opening "Good Old Days" "Our Gang" theme song. Instead, it was replaced with the Leroy Shield incidental tune "Little Dancing Girl", which appeared as background music in many of the films.

</doc>
<doc id="19398732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398732" title="Bayfront Park (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Bayfront Park (Hamilton, Ontario)

Bayfront Park is a park found in the West-end of Hamilton Harbour near Bay Street North in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Over $9 million transformed formerly vacant land into a versatile green space, with of shoreline integrating fish habitat, native vegetation and facilities. The park is the site of a variety of summer festivals and concerts. A protected sandy beach and a wide trail circles the park.
Other important features of the park include: a public boat launch, fishing opportunities, a 250 space parking lot, and pedestrian and bicycle trails leading to Pier 4 Park.
Nearby attractions include the Harbour West Marina Complex, Macassa Bay Yacht Club, Pier 4 Park, Pier 8, HHC Sailing School and the Royal Hamilton Yacht Club.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19398747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398747" title="Chinna Thambi">
Chinna Thambi

Chinna Thambi is a 1991 Indian Tamil language film starring Prabhu and Kushboo. Chinna Thambi starring Prabhu in the role of Chinna Thambi an uneducated village simpleton and Kushboo as Nandini who is a home tutored wealthy girl, is a story of love, family bonds and typical south Indian village sentiments. The movie was remade in Kannada, Telugu, and Hindi languages as "Ramachaari" (1991) "Chanti" (1992) and "Anari" (1993) respectively. The film was one of Prabhu's biggest blockbusters and completed a 229-day run in 9 screens and 100-day run in 47 screens.
Plot.
The story begins with the childhood scene of all the main characters three brothers (eldest played by veteran Radha Ravi) and youngest sister nandhini (Kushboo Sundar) who is pampered and brought up by three brothers after they lost their parents, Chinna Thambi (Prabhu) is the son of a singer who also earns his livelihood by singing, he is not worldly wise and is amateurish and innocent, his mother (Manorama) lives with him in the outer area of the village where nandhini lives with her brothers, nandhini is considered very lucky by her brothers and each one wakes up to her face, things go awry when one day nandhini falls in love with Chinna thambi and tricks him into marrying him without even him knowing, she falls for him since it was him who saved her life when one of her brothers enemies tried to kill her, story line goes where Chinna thambi without knowing the importance seeks alliance for Nandhini, at last one of her sister in-laws realizes the truth and after a small struggle Chinna Thambi is accepted as Nandhini's husband by all.
Soundtrack.
Ilaiyaraaja composed all the songs for the film in 35 minutes. All of them were chartbusters.

</doc>
<doc id="19398748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398748" title="Fort Polk South – DeRidder combined statistical area">
Fort Polk South – DeRidder combined statistical area

The Fort Polk South-DeRidder Combined Statistical Area is made up of two parishes in central Louisiana. The statistical area consists of the Fort Polk South Micropolitan Statistical Area and the DeRidder Micropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2000 census, the CSA had a population of 85,517 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 82,035).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 85,517 people, 30,364 households, and 22,791 families residing within the CSA. The racial makeup of the CSA was 77.77% White, 15.46% African American, 1.15% Native American, 1.20% Asian, 0.21% Pacific Islander, 1.65% from other races, and 2.56% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.19% of the population.
The median income for a household in the CSA was $31,899, and the median income for a family was $36,283. Males had a median income of $30,860 versus $20,028 for females. The per capita income for the CSA was $14,775.

</doc>
<doc id="19398801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398801" title="Modello">
Modello

A modello (plural modelli), from Italian, is a preparatory study or model, usually at a smaller scale, for a work of art or architecture, especially one produced for the approval of the commissioning patron. The term gained currency in art circles in Tuscany in the fourteenth century. Modern definitions in reference works vary somewhat. Alternative and overlapping terms are "oil sketch" ("schizzo") and "cartoon" for paintings or stained glass, maquette, plastico or bozzetto for sculpture or architecture, or architectural model.
Though in Gothic figural arts bishops and abbots are often represented carrying small simulacra of buildings they had constructed—"models" in the familiar modern sense—"modello" is only used of pieces which pre-date the finished work, and were at least in part produced by the main artist involved. The less frequently found term ricordo (Italian for "record" or "memory") means a similar piece produced as a small copy "after" completion of the work as a record for the workshop. Naturally it is not always easy for art historians to decide whether a particular piece is one or the other, and, especially in the Late Renaissance and Baroque periods, when several versions of a painting were made, the "ricordo" for the prime version might serve in the atelier as the "modello" for the subsequent ones. No doubt a modello was often modified after the main work was completed to reflect any changes in the composition during painting, thus making it a ricordo also; this would normally be impossible for art historians to distinguish from a modello altered during its original production. 
The Tiepolo at right was catalogued as a modello by Michael Levey, but recent x-ray investigation of the huge finished work in Munich has revealed that in its underpainting it was closer to another, very different and less finished modello, now in the Courtauld Institute, and it has been asserted that the National Gallery picture illustrated is a ricordo. The National Gallery still describe it as "probably a modello", presumably produced after work had already begun.
"Cartoon", named for the sturdy "cartone" paper on which they were generally executed, is usually used of working drawings, often at full scale, but the distinction is not a firm one, and the terms "cartoon" and "working drawing" are often used interchangeably. "Modello" is especially used of older Italian art and architecture from the late Middle Ages onwards; initially these were mostly drawings, perhaps with some colour from chalk or watercolour, or with colours indicated in writing. The diminutive term modeletto will always be used of small-scale versions. As an Italian word, "modello" may be printed in italics, or not. The French version of the word, "modèle", may be used of French works, and is normally italicised.
Especially in the case of oil sketches, many "modelli" are greatly valued in their own right, as they may show a freedom in execution and freshness of inspiration missing in the final work, and also may show changes in composition from the finished work, throwing light on the process of artistic creation. Earlier stages of the creative process may be recorded in "preparatory drawings" or "studies", either for the whole composition, or a part of it, such as a single figure.
An example of a modello of a fresco cycle, which was rescued for its intrinsic value is in Giorgio Vasari's "vita" of Rosso Fiorentino: Vasari reports that a modello for Rosso's frescoes in Santa Maria delle Lagrime, Arezzo, was carried out by Rosso for Giovanni Pollastra, the inventor of the complex program there, "un bellisimo modello di tutto l'opera, che è oggi nelle nostre case di Arezzo." A preliminary "modello colorito" in the form of a painted three-dimensional model was especially important to prejudge the finished effect of illusionistic "sotto-in-su" perspectives on the curved surfaces of vaulted ceilings, as Andrea Pozzo, the perfector of the illusionistic ceiling, noted in his "Perspectiva pictorum et architectorum" (1700–17) 
Many modelli show versions of works which were never actually realised, or have been lost. Famous examples are the alternative designs produced for the competition in 1401 to design the North doors of the Florence Baptistry. Lorenzo Ghiberti won, beating six other artists, including Filippo Brunelleschi, Donatello and Jacopo della Quercia; the modelli survive, for a single panel, of the first two named (Bargello - picture above).
There are alternative, unrealised, modelli for many famous buildings, including St Peter's, Rome and the "Great Model" of St Paul's Cathedral, London, showing a different design by Sir Christopher Wren from that actually built. When accepted, such models were retained during the work, as concrete expressions of what was expected under the terms of the contract, and afterwards were preserved in storage through salutary neglect.

</doc>
<doc id="19398824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398824" title="Project Kenai">
Project Kenai

Project Kenai is a collaborative hosting site for free and open source projects, launched by Sun Microsystems and now owned by Oracle. The service will be moved over to the Java.net domain for public use as part of Oracle's restructuring of Sun.
Services.
Kenai.com's services include version controlled source code repositories (Mercurial, Subversion, Git), team wikis, a download area to host documents, an integrated team member IM chat, issue tracking (JIRA, Bugzilla), forums, mailing lists, and webhooks for selected events.
The Kenai portal supports tagging, an advanced site search that enables finding people and project types via a tag cloud and other properties, and a project search that enables developers to find projects. There is also context-sensitive help available on every page.
Similar to a social network, Kenai encourages members to create a profile page that shows personal tags and lists all projects they follow and participate in. This makes it easy to get in contact and work with other developers who have similar interests. Members use their profiles also to browse their forum and mailing histories.
IDE integration.
With the release of NetBeans IDE 6.7, it is possible to maintain Kenai projects directly from inside an IDE.
Developers can use the NetBeans IDE to check out source code and commit changes, to navigate between Kenai projects and local sources, and to submit bug reports and patches directly to the integrated issue tracker. The IDE also displays which project members are currently online.
Back-end.
Project Kenai was built using JRuby, Glassfish V2, and MySQL databases. 
Discontinuation.
As part of Oracle's restructuring of Sun the Project Kenai service will be migrated. The Java.net domain will be migrated to the Kenai infrastructure and all Kenai projects will then be moved to the Java.net domain. The exact date for this migration has yet to be announced.

</doc>
<doc id="19398834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398834" title="Cow Harbor Day">
Cow Harbor Day

Cow Harbor Day is an annual festival celebrating the history of the village of Northport, New York, which was once known as Great Cow Harbor. It is held annually on the Sunday of the third full weekend in September, always following the Great Cow Harbor 10K held on the Saturday before.
Cow Harbor Day draws thousand of visitors to Northport each September. Events kick off with a parade down Main Street, featuring floats, the areas best high school marching bands, antique cars and a temporary resurrection of the trolley that was once commonplace along this route. Bovine related costumes and floats are also a common theme. Celebrations are held at Northport Memorial Park at the harbor's edge. live music, boat races, and other attractions. For the past two years, the parade has been led by the US Coast Guard and Coast Guard Auxiliary Band from the local Ft. Salonga, NY Flotilla. Each year an appearance is made by the Regimental Band of the United States Merchant Marine Academy in Kings Point, NY and Northport High School Marching Band and flag team. 
Since 1977, there has also been a popular 10 kilometer footrace, the Great Cow Harbor 10K, which always takes place the day before Cow Harbor Day. The New York Road Runners Club considers the race an important run-up to the annual New York City Marathon, and practicing runners can be seen charging up the local hills starting in August.

</doc>
<doc id="19398853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398853" title="I Wish I Was James Bond">
I Wish I Was James Bond

"I Wish I Was James Bond" was the fifth single from Scouting for Girls' debut album, Scouting for Girls. It is the tenth track on the album, and on the album version it is followed by a hidden track called Michaela Strachan. The single peaked at #40 in the UK Singles Chart. The song is about the spy James Bond from Ian Fleming's books and the James Bond movies and his world in general (girls, gadgets, 00 status, licence to kill and vodka martinis). It mentions all of the six actors who played as him and a lyric of the song is the 19th movie's title, "The World is not Enough". It also references Bond's family motto invented by Ian Fleming in "On Her Majesty's Secret Service".
Music video.
The music video was released onto YouTube on 29 September 2008, it has the band playing in tuxedos on a white stage whilst there are men and women dancing to the side of the band.

</doc>
<doc id="19398858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398858" title="USNS Colonel William J. O'Brien (T-AK-246)">
USNS Colonel William J. O'Brien (T-AK-246)

USNS "Colonel William J. O’Brien" (T-AK-246) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. However, the war ended, and she was transferred to the U.S. Army as USAT "Colonel William J. O’Brien" who kept her in service until transferred to the U.S. Navy in 1950.
Built in Long Beach, California.
The ship was laid down as "MV Maiden's Eye" on 17 January 1945 and launched on 13 February 1945 at Consolidated Steel Corporation, Long Beach, California, as a type (C1-M-AV1) under U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 2323). She was acquired by the U.S. War Shipping Administration (WSA) on 10 April 1945.
U.S. Army service.
She was assigned to the U.S. Army which commissioned her on (date unknown) as USAT "Colonel William J. O'Brien". She was retained by the U.S. Army until she was transferred to the U.S. Navy 1 March 1950.
U.S. Navy service.
"Colonel William J. O’Brien" (AK-246) was acquired from the U.S. Army on 1 March 1950 and immediately transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) as USNS "Colonel William J. O’Brien" (T-AK-246) for permanent assignment. 
She continued to serve the U.S. Navy until she was placed out of service in the 1960s.
Final inactivation.
She was stricken from the Navy List on 1 September 1973 and laid up until she was sold on 1 October 1973 and subsequently scrapped.
Honors and awards.
Qualified vessel personnel were authorized the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19398860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398860" title="Dream a Little Dream of Me (Grey's Anatomy)">
Dream a Little Dream of Me (Grey's Anatomy)

"Dream a Little Dream of Me" is the two-part fifth-season season premiere of the serial drama television series "Grey's Anatomy", consisting of the 79th and 80th episodes in the overall series. The installment aired on September 25, 2008 on the American Broadcasting Company, in a two-hour special, which attracted in the United States 18.290 and 18.315 million viewers respectively. Both episodes were written by series creator and executive producer Shonda Rhimes, and directed by filmmaker and executive producer Rob Corn. Writing for "Film School Rejects", Michelle Graham elaborated, ""Grey's" managed a weak simmering throughout a mid-season-esque double episode. Attempting to catch the attention with a predictable shock twist, they not only failed to shock but then took the "Dallas" way out, crying that it was all a dream."

</doc>
<doc id="19398864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398864" title="Washee Ironee">
Washee Ironee

Washee Ironee is a 1934 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by James Parrott. It was the 131st "Our Gang" short (43rd talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
On the day that he is scheduled to perform a violin solo at a swank bridge luncheon held by his social-climbing mother, rich kid Waldo opts instead to play football with the gang. With Waldo's help, the kids win the game, but his expensive clothes are covered with mud. Spanky declares that he and his pals are perfectly capable of washing Wally's duds on their own—and the result is a slapstick smorgasbord, culminating in a typically outsized Hal Roach traffic jam.

</doc>
<doc id="19398877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398877" title="Todd Boyce">
Todd Boyce

Todd Boyce (born 1961) is an English-American actor known for playing amongst other roles the character Stephen Reid in the British television soap opera "Coronation Street".
Early and personal life.
Todd was born in Columbus, Ohio, Raised in New York, Germany, Chicago and Brazil, at age 16 he moved with his family to Australia. He graduated from the National Institute of Dramatic Art (Sydney, Australia) in 1983. He makes his home in London.
Career.
Todd Boyce graduated form Sydney Church of England Grammar School (S.C.E.G.S.) in December 1979 and joined the Australian soap opera "The Restless Years" in January of 1980. He attended the National Institute of Dramatic Art (N.I.D.A.) the following year. After graduating from NIDA he went on to star in the mini-series "Fields of Fire". Boyce debuted in "Coronation Street" as Audrey Roberts' illegitimate son Stephen Reid in 1996. He has appeared in 32 episodes of the series ranging between 1996 and 2007. Boyce stars in the E4 comedy drama "Beaver Falls" as Bobby Jefferson, Head of Camp. In January 2012 he made a guest appearance in the British drama "Sherlock". In August 2012, he made a guest appearance in "Hollyoaks" as Herb. In 2013 he made a guest appearance in Mr. Selfridge. 

</doc>
<doc id="19398895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398895" title="Orange Austria">
Orange Austria

Orange Austria was an Austrian mobile network operator. It started its business on 26 October 1998 as owner of the third GSM license of the country, and the first provider operating in the GSM 1800 band. Since 2004, Orange (previously known as "ONE") successfully applied for a UMTS-License and offers since 2005 also UMTS Services. ONE's logo was a blue circle. It was rebranded as Orange on 22 September 2008.
With 1.9 million customers (including approximately 180,000 Tele2mobil customers) it is Austria's third largest provider with a market share of 20%. Orange cooperates with UPC Telekabel (a Liberty Global company) for landline and ISP offers.
On 3 February 2012, Hutchison Whampoa announced that it would buy all of Orange Austria for US$1.7 billion. The deal closed on 3 January 2013. The combined business created a mobile carrier with 2.8 million customers and more than 20% market share in Austria. The Orange brand continued to operate in Austria until August 19, 2013, when its operations were merged into 3. 
Ownership.
Orange Austria was formerly owned by:
On 3 February 2012, Hutchison 3G Austria acquired 100% of Orange Austria from Mid Europa and France Télécom for US$1.7 billion. JPMorgan Chase advised Hutchison on the deal, while Morgan Stanley advised France Télécom and Mid Europa Partners.
Discount offers.
Since 2005, Orange Austria initiated two subsidiary discount companies, Yesss and Eety.
Yesss.
Yesss offers prepaid-services with various conditions. It shares the network with Orange Austria and operates under the network-codes 6998 and recently 681. The instant success of Yesss made Orange Austria's competitor A1 initiate a similar offer called BoB in 2006. Yesss itself offers neither cheap phones nor any kind of bonus-system. From time to time, there are special offers in cooperation with the supermarket Hofer.
At its beginning, some of the Austrian mobile providers protested, because Yesss operates a free unlocking service and describes how to remove the SIM lock from different phone models.
Following the sale of Orange to Hutchison Whampoa, Yesss was sold off to Mobilkom Austria.
Eety.
Eety is pretty similar to Yesss, but very dedicated to emigrants and guest workers. It offers localisation and support in many eastern- and south-European languages and offers low rates for calls to this areas. Also calls to the UK/USA are very cheap. If you travel to Austria you can order the new eety basic sim card at eety.eu

</doc>
<doc id="19398897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398897" title="Helen Clitheroe">
Helen Clitheroe

Helen Teresa Clitheroe (née Pattinson) (born 2 January 1974 in Preston, England) is a British middle- and long-distance runner coached by Trevor Painter. She competed in the 1500 metres at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney and in the 3000 m steeplechase at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She was the 1500 m bronze medallist at the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
She achieved the Olympic A qualifying standard for the 3000 m steeplechase at the Iberoamericano meeting, in Huelva on June 13, 2008, where she finished 8th in a time of 9:43.56. Her place in the British team for the Games was confirmed when she won the British trials in a new national record time of 9:36.98. At the Games she finished sixth in her heat and did not advance to the next round of competition, despite beating her own national record with a time of 9:29.14. At the 2008 IAAF World Athletics Final, in Stuttgart, Clitheroe placed 9th in the 3000 m steeplechase in a time of 9:39.72.
She completed a spell of high-altitude training in Iten, Kenya and then came close to a 3000 m lifetime best at the Aviva International Match in January 2011, finishing with a stadium record run. The May 2011 Great Manchester Run saw her produce a career best for the 10K as she completed a dominant performance to win the race in a time of 31:45 minutes. She set herself a similar target at the European Cup 10000m in June 2011, but suffered in hot conditions and finished in fourth with a time of 32:11.29 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19398910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398910" title="Kuwait at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Kuwait at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Kuwait sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. According to official records, eight athletes competed in athletics, powerlifting and wheelchair fencing.
Athletics.
3 competitors:
Powerlifting.
1 competitor:
Men
Wheelchair Fencing.
4 competitors:
Men

</doc>
<doc id="19398925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398925" title="Mama's Little Pirate">
Mama's Little Pirate

"Mama's Little Pirate" is a 1934 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 132nd "Our Gang" short (44th talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
While eating breakfast, Spanky's father reads a newspaper article about treasures found at a nearby cave. This inspires Spanky to explore another nearby cave with the gang for more treasures. The cave is too dark so Spanky goes back home to get a flashlight. Spanky's foster mother catches him and she refuses to allow him to participate in that treasure hunt.
Confined to his room, Spanky falls asleep and in his dream argues with his "inner self", who advises him to disobey his foster mother and join the rest of the gang in their search for buried treasure. Though the kids miraculously unearth a fortune in gold and jewels, their triumph nearly turns to disaster when they encounter a surly giant (Tex Madsen). During the height of the trouble they've found, Spanky wakes up from his dream.
Notes.
"Mama's Little Pirate" is the first "Our Gang" fantasy outing. The film was enhanced by Leroy Shield's unique background music composition "Cascadia", originally written for the "Boy Friends" comedy "Air Tight" (1931).
Leroy Shield's music composition was "Good Old Days" in the opening titles and "We're going to arrowhead" was in the end title.
The cave was a set from the 1934 film "Babes in Toyland" that was also directed by Gus Meins.

</doc>
<doc id="19398929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398929" title="Here Comes the Flood">
Here Comes the Flood

"Here Comes the Flood" is the third episode of the fifth season of the American television medical drama "Grey's Anatomy", and the show's 81st episode overall. It premiered on October 9, 2008. Written by executive producer Krista Vernoff and directed by filmmaker Michael Pressman, the episode was viewed by 14.540 million Americans. The "Buzzsugar" television review highlighted that "as far as "Grey's Anatomy" tragedies go, a little flooding doesn't really rate. But this episode still had some good moments that forced our residents to reevaluate where they've ended up. Now that Meredith and Derek are together-together, I suppose we can get used to a whole lot of domestic problems."

</doc>
