<doc id="19233217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233217" title="Military Medal of Honor (Japan)">
Military Medal of Honor (Japan)

These decorations were effectively abolished during the Allied Occupation of Japan in the post-war years (1945–1951). The plausible re-institution of a modern equivalent was made unlikely by the adoption of Japan's post-war Constitution which disavows the right of the state to engage in aggressive war; but on-going political pressure for an amending Article 9 of the Japanese Constitution renders that prospect marginally possible.
Japanese War Medals.
1874 Formosa Expedition War Medal.
The Japanese expedition of 1874 to Taiwan, also referred to as the Taiwan Expedition of 1874, was in response to the Mudan Incident of 1871. Fifty-four shipwrecked Ryukyuan sailors were killed by Paiwan aborigines in December 1871 in southern Taiwan. In seeking restitution from Quing China, Japan reached an impasse when the Chinese claimed that they were not responsible for the actions of the aborigines in territory that was nominally under Chinese sovereignty.
The Japanese government sent an expedition of 3,600 soldiers led by Saigō Tsugumichi in May 1874. The Japanese won a decisive victory at the Battle of Stone Gate on 22 May 1874. Thirty aborigines were either killed or mortally wounded in the battle, and a great number wounded. Japanese casualties were six killed and thirty wounded. 
In November 1874 the Japanese forces withdrew from Taiwan after the Qing government agreed to an indemnity of 500,000 Kuping taels.
1894-95 Sino-Japanese War Medal.
The First Sino–Japanese War, which lasted from 1 August 1894 to 17 April 1895, was fought between Qing Dynasty China and Meiji Japan, primarily over control of Korea. After more than six months of continuous successes by the Japanese army and naval forces, as well as the loss of the Chinese port of Weihai, the Qing leadership sued for peace in February 1895.
1900 Boxer War Medal.
Imperial Edict No. 142 was issued on April 21, 1901 ordering a commemorative medal for those who had participated in the relief of the Beijing legations during the Boxer Rebellion.
1904-05 Russo-Japanese War Medal.
A unique "jugun kiso" was ordered on March 31, 1906 by Imperial Edict No. 51 in recognition of those who served in the war which occurred during the 37th and 38th years of the Meiji period -- "Meiji" 37-38 (1904–1905). This is more commonly known as the Russo-Japanese War.
A rough translation of the body of the document explains:
An image of the front of the medal itself is shown at the bottom center of the certificate—crossed Army and Navy flags on either side of the Imperial Crysanthemum crest above and the Imperial Paulownia crest below.
Although it is not clear from the certificate whether Lt. Bruzagli did in fact participate in the battles or the award was honorary, we know from photographic sources that he was aboard one of the ships which contributing to the naval bombardment and blockade of Port Arthur in 1904. He was with the Japanese naval forces which aided in the capture of that strategic objective. Photographic records also place Burzagli with the entourage of the Japanese Minister of the Navy visiting the captured city of Dalny, just north of Port Arthur in January 1905. and with the occupying Japanese forces in January 1905.
1914-20 First World War Medal.
Japanese participation in World War I was commemorated by medals created on November 6, 1915 by Imperial Edict No. 203.
1937-45 China Incident War Medal.
Although the Japanese government still uses "China Incident" in formal documents, media in Japan often paraphrase with other expressions like . These terms were used by media even in the 1930s, and the word "Shina" is now construed by China as a derogatory term.
1941-45 Great East Asia War Medal.
A special "jugun kiso" was created on June 21, 1944 by Imperial Edict No. 417.

</doc>
<doc id="19233227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233227" title="Tatarlı">
Tatarlı

Tatarlı or Tatarly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19233235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233235" title="Halls (department store)">
Halls (department store)

Halls is the department store division of Kansas City, Missouri-based Hallmark Cards, consisting of two specialty department store locations — one adjoining Hallmark corporate headquarters and downtown Kansas City in the city's Crown Center commercial complex, the other in the city's high-end Country Club Plaza shopping district. Each store carries a variety of premium-branded items in apparel, cosmetics, jewelry, shoes, and other product categories, in addition to greeting cards and gift items carrying the Hallmark brand. The two Halls stores are positioned at a price level comparable to larger luxury-oriented chains including Bloomingdale's and Neiman Marcus.
History.
Hallmark founder Joyce C. Hall founded Halls in 1916, as a companion to his greeting card company which had begun three years earlier. The store evolved from a showcase in the lobby of downtown Kansas City's Gordon and Koppel Building. By 1916, Halls had moved its store to 11th Street along the city's fashionable "Petticoat Lane" with expanded offerings covering an array of high-quality gift items. Halls' move in 1950 to downtown's Grand Avenue further developed its local reputation as a premium specialty store, with more merchandise added.
Halls became part of the collection of stores at the city's high-profile Country Club Plaza in 1965, with a 55,000-square-foot store comprising a full city block in the shopping district. In addition to the store's merchandise selection, the structure was outfitted with elaborate building materials and accessories such as inlaid lapis lazuli floors and Baccarat crystal chandeliers, with details complementary to the district's overall Spanish and Moorish architectural styles.
The department store's location in Crown Center was conceived in 1973. It was part of the continued revitalization of downtown envisioned by J. C. Hall, associated with development surrounding Hallmark's corporate headquarters that had begun in earnest in 1967. Halls Crown Center replaced the original downtown Halls with a three-level, store designed by Paul László. In 2011, both the first and second floor of Halls Crown Center were converted to an aquarium from Sea Life Centres and a Legoland Discovery Centre in a combined $30 million project. The displaced men's department and Hallmark Cards location were relocated to the Crown Center Shops while the women's department stayed in its original third floor location.
The division in the present day notes J. C. Hall's mission for the store as a "unique shopping experience dedicated to the expression of personal style and the art of living well."
In June 2013, Halls announced plans to consolidate its two stores into a new, larger store in Crown Center. Halls president Kelly Cole said that it no longer made sense to operate two stores so close to one another. The existing Crown Center store is planned to close in February 2014, with the Plaza store closing in July or August 2014. The new store, opening in September 2014, will include all current Halls departments and a café. As a result of the consolidation, Halls is projected to eventually cut around 115 staff positions.
Products and services.
Halls offers a variety of premium brands in ladies' and men's apparel, cosmetics, jewelry, and housewares, with select items available exclusively at one of the two stores. Halls Plaza houses The Jewel Room, featuring creations by jewelry designers such as Van Cleef & Arpels and Buccellati. Halls Crown Center includes the Halls Station model train shop — with an extensive line of brands including Lionel and Märklin — and adjoins The American Restaurant — an award-winning fine dining restaurant with the only Mobil Four-Star ranking in Kansas City, also developed by J.C. Hall with his son Donald.
Bridal registry, corporate gift services, and custom tailoring are offered at both stores, along with in-store Hallmark Gold Crown shops. The stores are also long-time sponsors of several area humanitarian organizations, serving health care, fine arts, public broadcasting and other interests around greater Kansas City.

</doc>
<doc id="19233266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233266" title="Hadromeros">
Hadromeros

Hadromeros is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida. It contains one species, "H. elongatus".

</doc>
<doc id="19233300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233300" title="Rufino Bauzá">
Rufino Bauzá

Rufino Bauzá (1791–1854) was a Uruguayan independence fighter and military and political figure.
Earlier events in life; Family background.
He was involved many of the conflicts associated with the movement for Uruguayan independence, and subsequently in the early years of the intermittent Civil War which the country experienced throughout much of the 19th century. He was associated at various stages with noted figures such as José Artigas, Fructuoso Rivera and Manuel Oribe.
His son Francisco Bauzá was a political figure and noted historian.
Minister of War.
He served as Minister of War in 1844-1845. He identified with the emerging Colorado Party's outlook.
His son Francisco Bauzá was a political figure and noted historian.

</doc>
<doc id="19233303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233303" title="Hammannopyge">
Hammannopyge

Hammanopyge is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Cheiruridae), that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Scotland. It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985, and the type species is "Hammanopyge unica", which was originally described under the genus "Acidaspis" by Thomson in 1857. The type locality was the Balclatchie Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19233332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233332" title="Hapsiceraurus">
Hapsiceraurus

Hapsiceraurus is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Cheiruridae) that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Canada. It was described by Whittington in 1954, and the type species is "Hapsiceraurus hispidus" (type specimen: USNM 28169a). The type locality was on Baffin Island, in Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="19233357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233357" title="1998 Tennis Channel Open – Singles">
1998 Tennis Channel Open – Singles

Mark Philippoussis was the defending champion, but lost in the second round this year.
Andre Agassi won the title, defeating Jason Stoltenberg 6–4, 7–6(7–3) in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19233374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233374" title="Balbina Herrera">
Balbina Herrera

Balbina Del Carmen Herrera Araúz (born c. 1955) is a Panamanian politician and presidential candidate in the Panamanian general election, 2009. On May 3, 2009, she lost the race to the presidency of the Republic of Panama to center-right candidate Ricardo Martinelli.
Career.
She finished studies in the National Institute and the University of Panama, where she obtained her Bachelor Degree with honours in Agronomy Engineering. She also holds post-graduate studies in education.
She served as Mayor of San Miguelito, congresswoman, and President of the National Assembly with the Democratic Revolutionary Party (PRD). When a male legislator once interrupted her to say that women should be at home with her children, she punched him and yelled, "Respect women!"
As a National Assembly member in 1994, she opposed outgoing President Guillermo Endara's granting of temporary asylum to 10,000 Haitian boat people, but supported his initiative to abolish the armed forces. In 1996, Herrera supported President Ernesto Pérez Balladares's bill to grant amnesty to 950 former officials of military ruler Manuel Noriega, dismissing criticism of the bill as an attempt by fractured opposition parties to find a new common cause. In the same year, she spoke out against an attempt to revive capital punishment after a wave of murders of bus and taxi drivers. 
Herrera was elected as President of the National Assembly in 1994, the first woman to hold the post. She also served as chairwoman of the Parliamentary Trade Commission in 1998, calling on pharmaceutical companies to rein in rising prices or face government price controls. 
In December 2000, human remains were discovered at a Panamanian National Guard base, incorrectly believed to be those of Jesús Héctor Gallego Herrera, a priest murdered during the Omar Torrijos dictatorship. Moscoso appointed a truth commission to investigate the site and those at other bases. The commission faced opposition from the PRD-controlled National Assembly, who slashed its funding, and from Herrera, who threatened to seek legal action against the president for its creation. The commission ultimately reported on 110 of the 148 cases it examined, concluding that the Noriega government had engaged in "torture cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment", and recommending further exhumation and investigation. 
In 2001, Herrera led opposition to President Mireya Moscoso's appointment of former Interior Minister Winston Spadafora to the Supreme Court. The following year, National Assembly member Carlos Afu, who was being expelled from the PRD for his vote in support of Spadafora's nomination, accused the party of taking bribes "en masse" under Herrera's leadership from the San Lorenzo consortium, a government contractor.
During the presidency of Martin Torrijos (2004–09), Herrera served as Minister of Housing.
2009 presidential election.
Herrera served as the PRD candidate for President of Panama in the 2009 election. She won her party's primary on September 7, 2008, defeating Panama City Mayor Juan Carlos Navarro with a ten-point lead. Herrera was endorsed by Ruben Blades, a popular salsa musician who had previously run for president and served as Torrijos' Minister of Tourism, and was initially considered the favorite for the presidency. If elected, she would have become Panama's second female president. 
However, Herrera was badly damaged in the election by her "reputation as a henchwoman of General Manuel Noriega" and by the perception that she was a "Chavista", a supporter of leftist Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez. Ricardo Martinelli, the candidate of the opposition coalition led by his Democratic Change party, was also helped by strong support from the business community. On May 3, 2009, Martinelli won 60% of the vote to Herrera's 36%. Former president Guillermo Endara also ran in the race, finishing a distant third.
Personal life.
Herrera has three children. She was divorced some time before 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19233380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233380" title="David Andrew Smith">
David Andrew Smith

David Andrew Smith (born March 5, 1952) is the Deputy Director of the United Nations Information Office in Washington DC. He was formerly an award-winning TV correspondent with ITN and Channel 4 News. In January 2008, The Daily Telegraph identified him as one of the most influential Britons in America.
Biography.
Smith was born in 1952, the son of John and Patricia Smith. He was educated at Oxford University, where he received BA Hons and MA. He was a Reuters correspondent in Spain and Italy between 1975 and 1978 and then, working for ITN and Channel 4 News, reported from Africa and was Middle East Correspondent, Moscow Correspondent, Diplomatic Correspondent and United States Correspondent. While working as a TV correspondent, he wrote two books, a biography of Robert Mugabe and a study of Israel's relationship with the Palestinians. In 2004, he joined the United Nations Information Office in Washington, D.C., where he is now deputy director and link man for secretary general Ban Ki Moon.

</doc>
<doc id="19233383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233383" title="Academic studies about Wikipedia">
Academic studies about Wikipedia

In recent years there have been numerous academic studies about Wikipedia in peer-reviewed publications. This research can be grouped into two categories. The first analyzed the production and reliability of the encyclopedia content, while the second investigated social aspects, such as usage and administration. Such studies are greatly facilitated by the fact that Wikipedia's database can be downloaded without needing to ask for the assistance of the site owner.
Content.
Production.
A minority of editors produce the majority of persistent content.
In a landmark peer-reviewed paper, also mentioned in "The Guardian", a team of six researchers from the University of Minnesota measured the relationship between editors' edit count and the editors' ability to convey their writings to Wikipedia readers, measured in terms of persistent word views (PWV)—the number of times a word introduced by an edit is viewed. The accounting method is best described using the author's own words: "each time an article is viewed, each of its words is also viewed. When a word written by editor X is viewed, he or she is credited with one PWV." The number of times an article was viewed was estimated from the web server logs.
The researchers analyzed 25 trillion PWVs attributable to registered users in the interval September 1, 2002 − October 31, 2006. At the end of this period, the top 10% of editors (by edit count) were credited with 86% of PWVs, the top 1% about 70%, and the top 0.1% (4200 users) were attributed 44% of PWVs, i.e. nearly half of Wikipedia's "value" as measured in this study. The top 10 editors (by PWV) contributed only 2.6% of PWVs, and only three of them were in top 50 by edit count. From the data, the study authors derived the following relationship:
The study also analyzed the impact of bots on content. By edit count, bots dominate Wikipedia; 9 of the top 10 and 20 of the top 50 are bots. In contrast, in the PWV ranking only two bots appear in the top 50, and none in the top 10.
Based on the steady growth of the influence on those top 0.1% editors by PWV, the study concluded unequivocally:
Work distribution and social strata.
A peer-reviewed paper noted the "social stratification in the Wikipedia society" due to the "admins class". The paper suggested that such stratification could be beneficial in some respects but recognized a "clear subsequent shift in power among levels of stratification" due to the "status and power differentials" between administrators and other editors.
Analyzing the entire edit history of Wikipedia up to July 2006, the same study determined that the influence of administrator edits on contents has steadily diminished since 2003, when administrators performed roughly 50% of total edits, to 2006 when only 10% of the edits were performed by administrators. This happened "despite" the fact that the average number of edits per administrator had increased more than fivefold during the same period. This phenomenon was labeled the "rise of the crowd" by the authors of the paper. An analysis that used as metric the number of words edited instead of the number of edit actions showed a similar pattern. Because the admin class is somewhat arbitrary with respect to the number of edits, the study also considered a breakdown of users in categories based on the number of edits performed. The results for "elite users", i.e. users with more than 10,000 edits, were somewhat in line with those obtained for administrators, except that "the number of words changed by elite users has kept up with the changes made by novice users, even though the number of edits made by novice users has grown proportionally faster". The elite users were attributed about 30% of the changes for 2006. The study concludes:
Geography.
Wikipedia articles cover about half a million places on Earth. However, research conducted by the Oxford Internet Institute has shown that the geographic distribution of articles is highly uneven. Most articles are written about North America, Europe, and East Asia, with very little coverage of large parts of the developing world, including most of Africa.
Natural language processing.
The textual content and the structured hierarchy of Wikipedia has become an important knowledge source for researchers in natural language processing and artificial intelligence. In 2007 researchers at Technion - Israel Institute of Technology developed a technique called Explicit Semantic Analysis which uses the world knowledge contained in Wikipedia articles. Conceptual representations of words and texts are created automatically and used to compute the similarity between words and texts.
Researchers at Ubiquitous Knowledge Processing Lab use the linguistic and world knowledge encoded in Wikipedia and Wiktionary to automatically create linguistic knowledge bases which are similar to expert-built resources like WordNet. Strube and Ponzetto created an algorithm to identify relationships among words by traversing Wikipedia via its categorization scheme, and concluded that Wikipedia had created "a taxonomy able to compete with WordNet on linguistic processing tasks."
Machine learning.
Automated semantic knowledge extraction using machine learning algorithms is used to "extract machine-processable information at a relatively low complexity cost". DBpedia uses structured content extracted from infoboxes by machine learning algorithms to create a resource of linked data in a Semantic Web.
Wikipedia View Statistics.
In a study published in "PLoS ONE" researchers from Oxford Internet Institute and Central European University have shown that the page view statistics of articles about movies are well correlated with the box office revenue of them. They developed a mathematical model to predict the box office takings by analysing the page view counts as well as number of edits and unique editors of the Wikipedia pages on movies. In a related work published in "Scientific Reports" in 2013, Helen Susannah Moat, Tobias Preis and colleagues demonstrated a link between changes in the number of views of Wikipedia articles relating to financial topics and subsequent large stock market moves.
Social aspects.
Demographics.
A 2007 study by Hitwise, reproduced in "Time" magazine, found that visitors to Wikipedia are almost equally split 50/50 male/female, but that 60% of edits are made by male editors.
In an article published in 2012 in PLoS ONE, Yasseri et al. reported that based on circadian activity pattern analysis, the shares of contributions to English Wikipedia, from North America and Europe are almost equal, whereas this increases to 75% of European contributions for the Simple English Wikipedia. The research also covers some other demographic analysis on the other editions in different languages.
A study undertaken by Oxford University analysed the volume of editing of articles in various language versions of Wikipedia in order to establish the most controversial topics in different languages and groups of languages. For the English version, the top three most controversial articles were George W. Bush, Anarchism and Muhammad. Topics in other languages causing most controversy were Croatia (German), Ségolène Royal (French), Chile (Spanish) and Homosexuality (Czech).
Policies and guidelines.
A descriptive study that analyzed English language Wikipedia's policies and guidelines up to September 2007 identified a number of key statistics:
Even a short policy like "" was found to have generated a lot of discussion and clarifications:
The study sampled the expansion of some key policies since their inception:
The number for "deletion" was considered inconclusive however because the policy was split in several sub-policies.
Power plays.
A 2007 joint peer-reviewed study conducted by researchers from the University of Washington and HP Labs examined how policies are employed and how contributors work towards consensus by quantitatively analyzing a sample of active talk pages. Using a November 2006 database dump, the study focused on 250 talk pages in the tail of the distribution: 0.3% of all talk pages, but containing 28.4% of all talk page revisions, and more significantly, containing 51.1% of all links to policies. From the sampled pages' histories, the study examined only the months with high activity, called critical sections—sets of consecutive months where both article and talk page revisions were significant in number.
The study defined and calculated a measure of policy prevalence. A critical section was considered "policy-laden" if its policy factor was at least twice the average. Articles were tagged with 3 indicator variables:
All possible levels of these three factors yielded 8 sampling categories. The study intended to analyze 9 critical sections from each sampling category, but only 69 critical sections could be selected because only 6 articles (histories) were simultaneously featured, controversial, and policy laden.
The study found that policies were by no means consistently applied. Illustrative of its broader findings, the report presented the following two extracts from in obvious contrast:
Claiming that such ambiguities easily give rise to power plays, the study identified, using the methods of grounded theory (Strauss), 7 types of power plays:
Due to lack of space, the study detailed only the first 4 types of power plays that were exercised by merely interpreting policy. A fifth power play category was analyzed; it consisted of blatant violations of policy that were forgiven because the contributor was valued for his contributions despite his lack of respect for rules.
Article scope.
The study considers that Wikipedia's policies are ambiguous on scoping issues. The following vignette is used to illustrate the claim:
The study gives the following interpretation for the heated debate:
Prior consensus.
The study remarks that in Wikipedia consensus is never final, and what constitutes consensus can change at any time. The study finds that this temporal ambiguity is fertile ground for power plays, and places the generational struggle over consensus in larger picture of the struggle for article ownership:
The study uses the following discussion snippet to illustrate this continuous struggle:
Power of interpretation.
A vignette illustrated how administrators overrode consensus and deleted personal accounts of user/patients suffering from an anonimized illness (named Frupism in the study). The administrator's intervention happened as the article was being nominated to become as a featured article.
Legitimacy of contributor.
This type of power play is illustrated by a contributor (U24) that draws on his past contributions to argue against another contributor who is accusing U24 of being unproductive and disruptive:
Explicit vie for ownership.
The study finds that there are contributors who consistently and successfully violate policy without sanction:
Obtaining administratorship.
Researchers from Carnegie Mellon University devised a probit model of editors who have successfully passed . Using only Wikipedia metadata, including the text of edit summaries, their model is 74.8% accurate in predicting successful candidates.
The paper observed that despite protestations to the contrary, "in many ways election to admin is a promotion, distinguishing an elite core group from the large mass of editors." Consequently, the paper used policy capture – a method that compares nominally important attributes to those that actually lead to promotion in a work environment.
The overall success rate for promotion was 53%, dropping from 75% in 2005 to 42% in 2006 and 2007. This sudden increase in failure rate was attributed to a higher standard that recently promoted administrators had to meet, and supported by anecdotal evidence from another recent study quoting some early admins who have expressed doubt that they would pass muster if their election () were held recently. In light of these developments the study argued that:
Significant factors affecting RfA outcome, numbers in parentheses are not statistically significant at p<.05:
Contrary to expectations perhaps, "running" for administrator multiple times is detrimental to the candidate's chance of success. Each subsequent attempt has a 14.8% lower chance of success than the previous one. Length of participation in the project makes only a small contribution to the chance of a successful RfA.
Another significant finding of the paper is that one Wikipedia policy edit or WikiProject edit is worth ten article edits. A related observation is that candidates with experience in multiple areas of the site stood better chance of election. This was measured by the diversity score, a simple count of the number of areas that the editor has participated in. The paper divided Wikipedia in 16 areas: article, article talk, articles/categories/templates for deletion (XfD), (un)deletion review, etc. (see paper for full list). For instance, a user who has edited articles, her own user page, and posted once at (un)deletion review would have a diversity score of 3. Making a single edit in any additional region of Wikipedia correlated with a 2.8% increased likelihood of success in gaining administratorship.
Making minor edits also helped, although the study authors consider that this may be so because minor edits correlate with experience. In contrast, each edit to an Arbitration or Mediation committee page, or a Wikiquette notice, all of which are venues for dispute resolution, decreases the likelihood of success by 0.1%. Posting messages to administrator noticeboards () had a similarly deleterious effect. The study interpreted this as evidence that editors involved in escalating or protracted conflicts lower their chances of becoming administrators.
Saying "thanks" or variations thereof in edit summaries, and pointing out point of view () issues (also only in edit summaries because the study only analyzed metadata) were of minor benefit, contributing to 0.3% and 0.1% to candidate's chances in 2006–2007, but did not reach statistical significance before.
A few factors that were found to be irrelevant or marginal at best:
The study suggests that some of the 25% unexplained variability in outcomes may be due to factors that were not measured, such as quality of edits or participation in off-site coordination, such as the (explicitly cited) secret mailing list reported in "The Register". The paper concludes:
Subsequent research by another group probed the sensemaking activities of individuals during their contributions to RfA decisions. This work establishes that decisions about RfA candidates is based on a shared interpretation of evidence in the wiki and histories of prior interactions.

</doc>
<doc id="19233389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233389" title="La Fuente de Cacho">
La Fuente de Cacho

"La Fuente de Cacho" is a Cantabrian traditional song. Its origin is disputed. Some scholars think it was written by Emilio Carral who was an anarchist watchmaker, leader of the Movimiento Obrero and founder of the Coros Montañeses. It speaks about a dark hair lady that goes to the fountain to take a glass of water because it is said to be very good early in the morning.
Its name comes from a fountain located in Santander. It is situated in the Avenida of Antonio Maura, close to the casino. Some authors believe its name is derived from Manuel Cacho who was a landlord of many terrains down the Sardinero.
The song is now used by Racing de Santander fans to encourage their team at the beginning of each match although originally it had nothing to do with football.
The song reads:
"Ayer te vi que subías,
"por la alameda primera,"
"luciendo la saya blanca,
"y el pañueluco de seda."
"Dime donde vas morena,
"dime donde vas salada,
"dime donde vas morena,
"a las dos de la mañana."
"Voy a la fuente de Cacho,
"a beber un vaso de agua,
"que me han dicho que es muy buena,
"beberla por la mañana.
"Dime donde vas morena,
"dime donde vas salada,
"dime donde vas morena,
"a las dos de la mañana.
"Voy al jardín de Valencia,
"a decirle al jardinero,
"que me de una rosa blanca,
"que en mi jardín no las tengo,
"Dime donde vas morena,
"dime donde vas salada,
"dime donde vas morena,
"a las dos de la mañana."

</doc>
<doc id="19233409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233409" title="Government of Nepal">
Government of Nepal

The Government of Nepal (नेपाल सरकार ), or Nepal Government, is the executive body and the central government of Nepal. Prior to the abolition of Monarchy in Nepal, it was officially known as His Majesty's Government.
The Head of State is the President. This role is largely ceremonial as the functioning of the government is managed entirely by the Prime Minister who is appointed by the Parliament. The heads of constitutional bodies are appointed by the President on the recommendation of Constitutional Council, with the exception of the Attorney General, who is appointed by the Prime Minister.
Head of State.
President: Dr. Ram Baran Yadav
Vice President: Parmanand Jha
Heads of Government of Nepal.
Head of Interim Election Council (Prime Minister): Sushil Koirala
Chairman of Constituent Assembly: Open
Chief Secretary: Leela Mani Paudel

</doc>
<doc id="19233411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233411" title="Heliomera">
Heliomera

Heliomera is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida. It contains two species. "H. albata" and "H. sol".

</doc>
<doc id="19233413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233413" title="Arthur Savage">
Arthur Savage

Arthur Savage may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19233431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233431" title="Thessaloniki International Trade Fair">
Thessaloniki International Trade Fair

The Thessaloniki International Trade Fair (, "Diethnis Ekthesi Thessalonikis (DETH)") is an annual commercial exhibition event of great importance in Greece and Southeastern Europe, taking place at the 180,000m² "Thessaloniki International Exhibition Center" in Thessaloniki, Greece. The fair was first held in 1926 and today is organised by HELEXPO.
It has been customary for the country's Prime Minister to set out his government's policies for each coming year in a speech at the annual Thessaloniki International Trade Fair, and for this reason the event has political significance in addition to its commercial importance.
Similar trade fairs of the city have occurred regularly since the Byzantine era, attracting traders from all over the Balkans.

</doc>
<doc id="19233435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233435" title="Jake Cake">
Jake Cake

Jake Cake is a fictional character in a series of books for children written by Michael Broad. There are 6 books in the series so far. The Werewolf Teacher was shortlisted for the 2007 Waterstone's Children's Book Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19233447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233447" title="Zachariah Poulson">
Zachariah Poulson

Zachariah Poulson (17611844) was an American editor and publisher.
Poulson was born in Philadelphia in 1761. In 1800, he purchased Claypoole's American Daily Advertiser, the successor to America's first daily newspaper, the "Pennsylvania Packet". He was state printer for some years, and the publisher of "Poulson's Town and Country Almanac", 1789-1801. He also published Proud's "History of Pennsylvania", 1797-98. He was a member of several literary and charitable associations, and connected with the Library Company of Philadelphia for 58 years. 

</doc>
<doc id="19233458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233458" title="A Matter of WHO">
A Matter of WHO

A Matter of WHO is a 1961 British thriller film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Terry-Thomas as a World Health Organisation employee trying to trail the source of a deadly virus. It also featured Julie Alexander, Sonja Ziemann, Alex Nicol, Richard Briers, Honor Blackman and Carol White.
According to MGM records it made a loss of $142,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19233466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233466" title="Sixto Casanovas">
Sixto Casanovas

Sixto Casanovas (1802 in Salta Province – August 1852 in Buenos Aires), was an Argentine politician, provisional governor of Córdoba Province (1835).
In 1816 he joined the Army of the North, in a dragoons regiment. He was taken prisoner by the royalists and spent time at the Callao prison, near the city of Lima. In 1821, as part of the negotiations with viceroy Joaquín de la Pezuela, general San Martín obtained the freedom of many other officers, including Casanovas.
He joined San Martin's Army of the Andes, and fought at Torata and Moquegua. In this last battle he was wounded and taken prisoner again being moved to Chicuito island on Lake Titicaca, until he was freed after the royalist surrender at the Battle of Ayacucho. Casanovas returned to Buenos Aires in 1824 and was named an officer of the dragoons regiment. 
He was named an officer in a dragoon regiment — armed cavalry — and fought in the 1825 campaign under the orders of Juan Lavalle and Juan Manuel de Rosas, on the south of Buenos Aires Province.
In 1826 he went to the Banda Oriental (present-day Uruguay, where he fought in the war with Brazil, and took part on the Battle of Ituzaingó under colonel José María Paz; where the colonel was promoted to general and Casanovas to the rank of colonel.
First civil war.
Casanovas returned to Buenos Aires in 1828 and supported Lavalle's revolution in December, then shortly after he went to Córdoba, under orders from general Paz. Fought at the Battle of San Roque, and La Tablada and then at Oncativo. He also took part on the repression of federal rebels in the Córdoba hills.
When Paz fell prisoner in mid-1831, Gregorio Aráoz de Lamadrid decided to retreat to Tucumán. Casanovas decided to stay and remain as part of the interim governor's (Mariano Fragueiro) guard. Fragueiro signed a treaty with the caudillo Estanislao López and after the signing, the federal army entered Córdoba, and Casanovas was a prisoner again. By order of the new federal caudillos, the Reynafé brothers, he was freed and put in command of a regiment of dragoons. He then helped the Reinafé brothers to defeat Ruiz Huidobro's revolution — instigated by Facundo Quiroga — and Casanovas was confirmed as commander of the forces in the provincial capital.
Córdoba's governor.
After the assassination of Quiroga in 1835, the Reynafés were deposed and arrested. Rosas had taken power in Buenos Aires, and nobody wanted to take charge of the local government. For a short while his government minister, Pedro Nolasco Rodríguez was named as interim to the post, but as he declined to send the prisoners to Buenos Aires, Casanovas was elected in his place. When the federal governors of other provinces (Pascual Echagüe, Estanislao López and Rosas), learned of his appointment, they did not accept his government. Casanovas had to quit ten days after assuming the post. He captured Santos Pérez, Quiroga's assassin, but he let him escape. He did not go far; was recaptured and sent to Buenos Aires, where he was executed by firing squad.
Casanovas remained in command of his regiment, and trying his loyalty not be doubted, he supported all of caudillo Manuel Quebracho López's repressions against his enemies in Córdoba. In 1839 he was named to as military commander of the departments on the north of the province.
1840 Revolution.
In August 1840, with Lavalle retreating and about to enter Córdoba, Casanovas rebelled against the curren Córdoba goivernor, but he was defeated at Río Seco. He took refuge in Tucumán, and returned in November when López was deposed.
Lamadrid, who had entered Córdoba, sent him to the Battle of Quebracho Herrado, then he returned to Córdoba. He then moved to Tucumán with Lavalle and Lamadrid. Casanovas was accused of habing caused the defeat of José María Vilela at the Battle of San Cala, for having had revealed their position, but historians think him innocent of the charge. He fought at the Battle of Famaillá, and escaped after their defeat.
Last years.
He spent some years exiled in Bolivia, Chile and lastly in Montevideo.
He placed himself under the orders of general Urquiza, but it is not known if he fought at the Battle of Caseros where Rosas was defeated. He supported Urquiza's policies in Buenos Aires, and was in charge of a federal battalion. He was still very much hated by the Unitarian Party who were taking control of the city, and who would depose governor Vicente López y Planes in the September revolution which Casanovas did not get to see. He was assassinated in 1852 in a Buenos Aires street by a unitarian party member (note: a political movement, not related to the Christian church), who still believed he was guilty of the treason of 1841.

</doc>
<doc id="19233472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233472" title="Leyton Sixth Form College">
Leyton Sixth Form College

Leyton Sixth Form College is a mixed, 16-19 Sixth Form college on "Essex Road" in the London Borough of Waltham Forest.
Admissions.
The school holds 1950 students. The college is situated close to the Greenwich Meridian, about 300 metres south of the A104, and west of the Whipps Cross University Hospital. The school offers 33 A-Level subjects, and, as of 2008, 99% of the students passed their A-Levels. The school has formal partnerships with Queen Mary, University of London and the University of Westminster.
History.
Grammar school.
Leyton County High School for Boys, was formed in 1916 by amalgamation of Leyton and Leytonstone high schools. The school occupied temporary premises at Connaught Road until 1929, when it moved to new buildings in Essex Road. The opening was performed by the Prince of Wales. It was a selective grammar school for boys aged 11 to 18. The analogue of this school was the Leyton County High School for Girls on "Colworth Road".
Sixth form college.
In 1968, Waltham Forest adopted of the comprehensive system and in its new guise it catered for mixed-ability 14-18 year-old boys as Leyton Senior High School for Boys before a re-organisation in 1985 led a change of role as a co-educational sixth form college.
Students starting at Leyton Sixth Form College in September 2011 will be amongst the first students to see the results of a £40M major capital project and to benefit from some wonderful new resources.
The students will be able to take advantage of the brand new purpose-built 120-seat theatre, dance studio, music studios, even a professional TV studio! If the students are taking computing or a humanities subject, their lessons will be in the bright, modern classrooms of Howarth House. The new sports hall and fitness centre will be home to a wide range of activities, which go on every day and evening.
Academic results.
It gets results at A level higher than the England average..

</doc>
<doc id="19233486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233486" title="HELEXPO">
HELEXPO

HELEXPO is the organiser of the annual Thessaloniki International Trade Fair in Greece, and is an important commercial exhibition organiser in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19233534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233534" title="Walter-Patrice O'Leary">
Walter-Patrice O'Leary

Walter-Patrice O'Leary (3 July 1910 – 13 September 1989) was a Canadian journalist, political activist and trade unionist.
Biography.
O'Leary was born in Berthierville, Quebec on 3 July 1910. He attended the "Collège Saint-Joseph" in Berthierville before travelling to Belgium to study at a Roman Catholic seminary in Wavre. Later, he attended the "Institut supérieur de commerce Saint-Louis" in Brussels, where he earned a license in commercial sciences, and completed licenses in consular and maritime sciences at the "Institut Saint-Ignace" in Antwerp. O'Leary also studied at the École Libre des Sciences Politiques in Paris and the National Autonomous University of Mexico (Mexico City), where he earned a license in philosophy and a Master of Arts in Spanish.
While in Europe, O'Leary was vice president of the "Foyer international des étudiants catholiques (France)" and a member of the "Mission universitaire catholique française" and the "Jeunesse universitaire catholique". In 1931, he founded the "Action politique internationale des universitaires catholiques (Belgique)". After returning from Europe, he became a journalist for "L'Ordre".
Activism.
O'Leary was a Quebec nationalist. With his brother Émile-Dostaler, he co-founded the Young Patriots of French Canada () and the Knights of the Round Table of Canada () in 1935, and the Cultural Union of Mexico–French Canada (), which was later renamed the Union of Latin America (), in 1939. Also in 1939, he founded the "Bureau de liaison Paris-Montréal".
Circa 1947, O'Leary was secretary of the Goodwill Mission Canada–Mexico (). He served as president of the Quebec Popular Movement for Human Rights () from 1966 to 1967, when he founded Quebec International (). From 1968 to 1970, O'Leary was involved in efforts to disseminate and promote "La marche du Québec" (), a Québécois patriotic song ("see Music of Quebec"). Subsequently, he was president of The Plateau in Montreal from 1974 to 1975. O'Leary served as secretary of the Parti Québécois' committee on international politics from 1976 to 1976 and was a member of the Saint-Jean-Baptiste Society's committee on international relations.
In the Quebec general election of 1966, O'Leary stood as a candidate for the Rassemblement pour l'Indépendance Nationale in the Notre-Dame-de-Grâce riding. He placed fourth in the contest with 949 votes, losing to Quebec Liberal Eric Kierans.
O'Leary published articles in various French-language magazines and newspapers, including "L'Indépendance", "L’Ordre", and "L'Unité".
Personal life.
O'Leary was born to Emile O'Leary and Fébronie Dostaler and had two sisters—Marguerite and Alice—and a brother, Émile-Dostaler.
He married Gratia Parent on 23 January 1960, at the age of 49. He fathered two children: Christian and Pascal.
Death.
O'Leary died on 13 September 1989 in Montreal, aged 79.

</doc>
<doc id="19233570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233570" title="Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 1 km time trial (B&amp;VI 1–3)">
Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 1 km time trial (B&amp;VI 1–3)

The Women's 1 km time trial (B&VI 1–3) at the 2008 Summer Paralympics took place on 7 September at the Laoshan Velodrome.
The world record was broken during the event, by Aileen McGlynn and her pilot, Ellen Hunter (Great Britain). They took over two seconds off their previous world record set in 2006, and over three seconds off the Paralympic record they set in Athens in 2004.
Records.
PR = Paralympic Record
WR = World Record

</doc>
<doc id="19233572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233572" title="Asim Peco">
Asim Peco

Dr. Asim Peco (; 24 May 1927 – 7 December 2011) was a renowned Bosnian linguist, academician, professor, author and editor. 
Peco's work is credited for the development of Bosnian and Herzegovinian linguistics. His areas of specialization include dialectology of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia, namely the Štokavian and Torlakian dialects. He wrote books on the speeches of eastern and central Herzegovina, speeches of western Herzegovina, Ikavian-Štakavian dialects of Bosnia and Turkish loan words into them. 
His work is cited or referenced by many. For example, his research on eastern Bosnian dialect was discussed at the United Nations' International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Early years.
Peco was born in the village of Ortiješ, near Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina, in 1927. His brother, Džemal Peco, was a teacher.
After graduating "Viša pedagoška škola" high school in Sarajevo, Peco went to Belgrade where he enrolled the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philology, which was a department within the Faculty of Philosophy at the time. His 1958 Ph.D. dissertation was entitled "Govor istočne Hercegovine" ("The speech of eastern Herzegovina"). Already in the high school Peco showed interest in scientific research.
Career.
After completing his education at the University of Belgrade, Peco became a regular professor of Philology at the university, where he was elected several times as a head of the department for Serbo-Croatian and South Slavic languages. He was a mentor for numerous M.A. and Ph.D. theses, and a participant to numerous domestic and international conferences.
He was a Member and contributor of the Academy of Sciences and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina since 1978, and a Corresponding (Foreign) Member of the Montenegrin Academy of Sciences and Arts since 2003. Peco edited journal "Bosanskohercegovački dijalektološki zbornik" ("Bosnian-Herzegovinian dialectological miscellany") for many years, and served a member of editing boards of many other journals.
In 1963, at the Fifth International Congress of Slavists held in Sofia, Bulgaria, Peco complained about some of the participants, stating:
"...individual members of the delegation of the host country" in the Linguistic section "attempted to deny the right to independence of the Macedonian language, a language which possesses both its own literature, and its own grammar... True, such opinions are not new. They are a reflection of old, non-Marxist theories, long ago trampled into oblivion by time. Fortunately, such concepts were not also the opinion of the delegation as a whole. Besides, this type of formulation was not based on fact, which would be difficult to deny. On the contrary, the baselessness of such formulations was easy to prove even without referring to great authorities, and without referring to the basic principles of Marxist science."
He was also a presenter at the 1985 Yugoslav Onomastics Conference, a contributor to the Tenth International Committee for Phonetics and Phonology of Slavonic Languages Conference in 1987, and editor of the magazine "Bosanskohercegovački Dijalektološki Anthology".
Professor Peco retired from the University of Belgrade in 1992, and made his home in Belgrade until his death in 2011.
Awards.
Amongst his awards, Peco received the "Veselin Masleša award" in 1986 in Sarajevo, "14 februar award" in Mostar in 1986, and the "Vuk award" in 1990 in Belgrade.
Partial bibliography.
Peco is a first scientist in Bosnia and Herzegovina that has had published collected works after the Yugoslav wars. The publisher is the Bosnian Philological Society, and co-publishers are the Academy of Sciences and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovia and "Bemust".

</doc>
<doc id="19233577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233577" title="Frank Salter">
Frank Salter

Frank Kemp Salter is an Australian academic and researcher at the former Max Planck Institute for Behavioral Physiology, Andechs, Germany, best known for his writings on ethnicity and ethnic interests.
He is a political ethologist, studying political phenomena using the methods and theories of behavioural biology in addition to conventional methods. Those phenomena include hierarchy ("Emotions in Command", 1995), indoctrination ("Ethnic Conflict and Indoctrination", 1998, edited with I. Eibl-Eibesfeldt), ethnic altruism and conflict ("Welfare, Ethnicity and Altruism", 2002, "Risky Transactions: Trust, Kinship and Ethnicity", 2004 ), and genetic interests ("", 2003).
Research history.
Salter’s field of research can best be described as political ethology or urban anthropology, applying the concepts and methods of behavioral biology (ethology, evolutionary psychology, and evolutionary anthropology) to the analysis of sociopolitical phenomena, such as power, hierarchy, social control, ethnicity and nationalism.
Frank Salter matriculated (undergraduate) at the University of Sydney (1979–1982) where he majored in government and public administration, specializing in organization theory under the mentorship of Ross Curnow. These studies emphasized the sociological approach of Max Weber; later, Salter, dissatisfied with this purely sociological approach, became interested in integrating the conventional social sciences with human biology.
Salter then studied for a master's and a doctorate, at Griffith University in Brisbane (1984–1990), focusing on biological perspectives of social and political studies. Salter’s graduate school mentor was Dr. Hiram Caton, who had worked with Edward O. Wilson at Harvard and Irenäus Eibl-Eibesfeldt at Germany’s Max Planck Institute. This area of research resulted in Salter’s first book, Emotions in Command (OUP, 1995), consultancies with government and business organizations, and in an invitation to conduct postdoctoral research in Eibl-Eibesfeldt’s Centre for Human Ethology. Salter began his postdoctoral work under Dr. Eibl-Eibesfeldt in 1991.
In the mid-1990s, Salter began applying behavioral biology to other social and political phenomena that involve interpersonal relationships and manipulative strategies, including interpersonal attractiveness, crowds and riots, indoctrination, begging, Edward Westermarck’s naturalistic ethics, training suicide terrorists, the connection between class mobility and reproductive strategies, and ethnic solidarity. These diversity studies resulted in three books: Risky Transactions (2002) on the interpersonal bonds and trust that facilitate high-risk enterprises; On Genetic Interests on the implications of ethnic kinship for political theory; and Welfare, Ethnicity, & Altruism (2004) on the impact of ethnic similarity on public altruism. Salter’s most recent (unpublished) research connects the themes of hierarchy and ethnicity by developing a method for comparing ethnic group power.
Diversity research.
From the mid-1990s Salter began to research ethnic diversity in addition to organizations; these studies focused on ethnic mafias, middlemen and freedom fighters (Risky Transactions, 2002) and the impact of ethnic diversity on welfare states (Welfare, Ethnicity, & Altruism, 2004). The question asked: can ethnic altruism be adaptive? Salter’s findings confirmed the view advanced by Pierre van den Berghe in his book The Ethnic Phenomenon, that shared ethnicity is extended kinship at the genetic level, that members of an ethnic group are related in the same way that members of a family are related, though less strongly. One viewpoint is that Salter's findings fail to take into account a key assumption of Hamilton's Rule—no selection on an allele for altruism. Due to this assumption, Hamilton's Rule is only applicable to closely related kin; for more distantly related kin, the relatedness term is unreliable. It is currently undocumented as to what the results are in violating this assumption, but according to this assumption one can only apply Hamilton's Rule to closely related kin. Research is ongoing to determine the effects when extended towards distant kin.
However, others believe that this narrow interpretation of Hamilton’s Rule is incomplete. In his classic 1964 paper Hamilton did indeed limit his rule to close kin; however, by 1970 he had revised his theory and argued that genetic similarity is sufficient basis for Hamilton's Rule to operate, a view supported by Grafen. In addition, Salter’s definition of “ethnic genetic interests” in “On Genetic Interests” is independent of Hamilton’s Rule and derives from differences in gene frequencies between populations. Salter argues that investment in ethnic genetic interests is a rational choice dependent on individual values. Salter’s realization that ethnicity is extended kinship at the genetic level led to his conclusion that individuals have a large genetic stake in their ethnic groups, which could help explain the ubiquitousness of ethnic identity, solidarity and conflict from tribal times to the present. From the late 1990s Salter began studying the strategies used in group competition, with a particular interest in win-win strategies, those that would be adaptive to all groups. The outcome of this analysis was Salter’s theory of “Universal Nationalism,” described in his book On Genetic Interests: Family, Ethnicity, and Humanity in an Age of Mass Migration.
Salter has argued that "multi-ethnic societies are often confronted with the problem of discrimination and group conflict." He has written:
More ethnically homogeneous nations are better able to build public goods, are more democratic, less corrupt, have higher productivity and less inequality, are more trusting and care more for the disadvantaged, develop social and economic capital faster, have lower crime rates, are more resistant to external shocks, and are better global citizens, for example by giving more foreign aid. Moreover, they are less prone to civil war, the greatest source of violent death in the twentieth century.
Salter has also argued that it is often the original majority group who suffer the most as a result of immigration-induced ethnic diversity:
They are pushed out of areas of employment and business; they suffer from the higher rates of crime often shown by immigrant communities; they become the minority in poorer suburbs; and they sense a threat to their continuity as a people belonging to a particular place. They observe that the newcomers have a different group identity, one that excludes them, and that where there were few, now there are many. They sense, sometimes with justification, that they are losing their country.
Non-diversity research.
Although perhaps best known for his diversity research, Salter has contributed a significant body of work on non-diversity issues, including studies of dominance, workplace relations, and the relationship of these issues to emotions and human biology. Salter believes that bio-behavioral analysis has relevance to the challenges faced by managers and policy makers; therefore Salter’s findings can be directly applicable to the fields of business and economics as well as politics. Salter began consulting immediately upon receiving his doctoral degree in 1990 - in Brisbane and Sydney, Australia - analyzing and providing training about the causes and nature of employee stress which was resulting in a loss of morale at work and absenteeism due to illness. In one organization Salter identified asymmetric conflict between managers as a stress factor, linking workplace emotions, biological response, and productivity. Subsequently, Salter stopped consulting in order to continue academic research in Germany. During this time, Salter’s research has gone well beyond hierarchy and is thus applicable to a wider range of issues.
For example, in his foreword to the 2008 paperback edition of Emotions in Command, Salter notes that the book is not only an academic treatise: "The book is more applicable to training managers and organizational analysts than it is in proving that humans are an evolved species."(p. xxvii). Therefore, the content of this book can be used for practical training for individuals in business management and analysis, economics, and politics.
It is important to point out that Salter's hierarchy research continued in parallel with his diversity studies. For example, in 2007, Salter published a major observational study of dominance behavior at the entrance to a Munich nightclub. The majority of Salter's academic work has dealt with non-diversity research.
Emotions in Command.
Emotions in Command represents one of Salter’s most fundamental non-diversity research books, which is of use for people in business, economics and politics. It has as its premise “a quest for a general theory of organizations valid in all cultures.” The book is described as “… a quest for a general theory of organizations valid in all cultures. Central to Frank Salter's investigation is the question of social power: why people obey their superiors. His approach is to locate the nature of organizational power in the behavioral details of hierarchical interactions in the institutional settings in which they occur. Salter begins by noting the extensive research that points to hierarchy as being a necessary component of organization and proceeds to an analysis rendered in universals of primary emotions and behaviors of dominance and affiliation. The first five chapters are theoretical, the last seven empirical. He reviews the social science literature showing the place of ethological methods and concepts, then aspects of the evolution and physiology of dominance and affiliation. Salter then introduces the emotional underpinnings of dominance and affiliation, and applies these concepts in a summary of the literature on interpersonal signaling. He describes the methods used, drawing parallels with classical ethology, anthropology, and sociology.” Emotions in Command was originally published in the series Oxford Science Publications., and in 2008 it was republished with a new foreword by Transaction as a social science classic.

</doc>
<doc id="19233580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233580" title="John Hare Powell">
John Hare Powell

John Hare Powell (1786–1856) was an American agriculturist.
Powell was born in Philadelphia, and educated at Philadelphia College; he went into business and acquired wealth. He was secretary of the American legation in London 1807-11, and inspector general in the Pennsylvania militia 1814-15. He then devoted himself to agriculture, and did much to improve the breeds of cattle in the United States, and founded the Pennsylvania Agricultural Society in 1823. He published "Hints for American Farmers", and "Memoirs of the Pennsylvania Agricultural Society".
He was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="19233591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233591" title="On the Fiddle">
On the Fiddle

On the Fiddle is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Cyril Frankel and starring Sean Connery, Alfred Lynch, Cecil Parker, Stanley Holloway, Eric Barker, Mike Sarne, Wilfrid Hyde-White, Kathleen Harrison, Victor Maddern and John Le Mesurier.
It was one of the last films released before Connery was cast as James Bond in the 1962 film "Dr No".
Plot.
During the Second World War, spiv Horace Pope is taken to court for selling stuff on the street. In mitigation he tells the judge he is only working in the black market while waiting to enlist in the war effort. On hearing this plea, the judge calls his bluff and forces him to sign up.
Pope joins the RAF. Very quickly he makes friends with the easy going but loyal Pedlar Pascoe who happily goes along with all of his scams. In time, the pair do their up most make a bit on the side and avoid being sent to the front lines.
However, their antics soon lead to them being sent on a mission to occupied France where they unexpectedly succeed with their offbeat actions.
Production.
Writing.
The film was adapted from the 1961 novel "Stop at a Winner" by R. F. Delderfield by Harold Buchman.
Filming.
The fighting scenes in the woods were shot in and around "The Sandpit" on Horsell Common near Woking, Surrey. Interiors were completed at Shepperton Studios, Surrey.
Release.
The film was not released in America until 1965. American International Pictures retitled it as ""Operation Snafu"" or ""Operation Warhead"" for cinemas. It was only released in order to capitalise on the popularity of Sean Connery, who was now world famous for playing James Bond 007. The titles, as well as the advertising campaign, downplayed the comedic aspects of the film as well as Connery's second-billing.
Reception.
Reviewing the film following its 1965 release in the United States the "New York Times" described it as "familiar and trifling, but it's perky". It observed that "The wonder is that a picture with a story already done, gag by gag, a hundred times is so easy to take. It is, though — flip, friendly, brisk and a wee bit cynical in its take-it-or-leave-it jauntiness". It noted that the release in the United States was "an obvious cash-in" on Connery's subsequent popularity as James Bond.

</doc>
<doc id="19233596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233596" title="Jeritt Thayer">
Jeritt Thayer

Jeritt Thayer (born May 3, 1986 in Corona del Mar, California) is a former American soccer player.
Career.
College.
Thayer played club soccer for the Irvine Strikers and the Wolfpack Soccer Club, and played college soccer at New York University from 2004 to 2007. He began his college career as a defender and finished it as a midfielder, having scored thirty-five career goals. In 2006, he was a second team Division III All American.
Professional.
Thayer turned professional in 2008 when he joined the Wilmington Hammerheads in the USL Second Division. He made his professional debut on April 26, 2008 in Wilmington's opening day 2-0 loss to the Bermuda Hogges.

</doc>
<doc id="19233600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233600" title="Service delivery framework">
Service delivery framework

A service delivery framework (SDF) is a set of principles, standards, policies and constraints used to guide the design, development, deployment, operation and retirement of services delivered by a service provider with a view to offering a consistent service experience to a specific user community in a specific business context . An SDF is the context in which a service provider's capabilities are arranged into services.
The term service delivery framework (SDF) has been used interchangeably with the term service delivery platform (SDP), which is a set of technology components that provide capabilities. An SDF governs and guides the use of SDP capabilities.
Current use.
Service delivery frameworks fall into two categories.
Some vendors of service delivery platforms use the term "service delivery framework" to describe their product offerings.
Accountability for service delivery.
The relationship between government and citizens is crucial. Ultimately, government is accountable to citizens for decisions taken. Many countries need to improve the substantive elements of democracy and its checks and balances to ensure that public goods are delivered according to citizens’ expectations. Some methodologies for assessing the extent to which service delivery is accountable have been developed. For instance, the methodology for citizen-led assessment of accountability in service delivery has been developed by the International IDEA.

</doc>
<doc id="19233609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233609" title="Leytonstone Business and Enterprise Specialist School">
Leytonstone Business and Enterprise Specialist School

Leytonstone Business and Enterprise Specialist School is a mixed, comprehensive 11-16 school on Colworth Road in Leytonstone, London.
Admissions.
The school holds specialist Business and Enterprise College status. The school numbers 875 students, as of 2009.
History.
The buildings on Colworth Road were opened in 1911, being designed by W Jacques. Girlz were transferred there from the Elson House Girls High School on Wallwood Road.
Before the early 1970s, the school was a grammar school, Leyton County High School for Girls, and was subsequently renamed Leyton Senior High School for Girls when it became a comprehensive single sex secondary school. In the 1980s, it became a mixed comprehensive under a borough re-organisation of schools and changed name to Leytonstone School.
Business and Enterprise specialist school status was achieved in 2007. Successful re-designation in 2008 enabled Leytonstone to retain this specialism and acquire a further specialism, 'Leadership Partners' in February 2009. It has also been designated an HPSS (high performing specialist school).

</doc>
<doc id="19233624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233624" title="Malawi Prison System">
Malawi Prison System

The Malawi prison system, managed by the Malawi Prison Service, has 23 district prison stations, which are either first class or second class prisons. Zomba Central Prison built in 1935 is the only maximum security prison in the country, holding prisoners with long sentences or serious offences. Severe overcrowding throughout the prison system provides a conducive environment for the rapid spread of HIV/AIDS and Tuberculosis.
History.
The prison system dates back to colonial times when Malawi was divided in two regions; Southern Province (now Southern region) and Northern Province (now Central and Northern regions). In the Southern Province were 9 jails and in the Northern 10. The Prison Department employed fewer than 200 personnel distributed into several posts such as, superintendents and guards. 
The jails that were in the districts were for holding prisoners with short sentences. They were controlled by a District Commissioner with civil police as guards. The Zomba Central Prison held people with much longer sentences and was under the control of the King’s African Rifles (KAR). It held Europeans, Asiatics (or Coloureds) and Africans. Males and females were separate. The jail in Blantyre, which was under the charge of a superintendent held Europeans only.
When Malawi gained independence in 1964 problems such as racial discrimination, torture, arbitrary arrests and forced labor were still rampant in the criminal justice system. Under “Life President”, Dr Hastings Kamuzu Banda, political prisoners were held without trial and severely mistreated by prison guards.
Modern Structure of Prison Department.
Since the onset of democratic government in 1994, the prison system in Malawi has changed. A Chief Commissioner of Prisons, who works under the Minister of Home Affairs and Internal Security, heads the Malawi Prison Service. The system has its head office in Zomba and is divided into five divisions: Operations, Farms, Prison Clinic, Prison Training School and General Administration.
Among the large prisons are:
Spreading of Disease.
Malawi, as a developing country, faces many problems in its prisons, especially the fast spread of HIV/AIDS and TB, which are mainly caused by the rapidly increasing number of inmates. For example, Maula Prison was intended to house 800 inmates but now holds approximately 1,805 inmates, all but 24 of them men. Malawian prisons are estimated to exceed their capacity by 200%.
These large numbers make for extremely unsanitary conditions. This in combination with bad nutrition gives an abnormally high death rate. Prisoners deal with dirty water, foul toilets and intermittently working showers.4 Cells built for 50 or 60 people now hold up to 150 people. Prisoners sleep on blankets on the floor too tightly packed even to turn around. One inmate awakens the rest each night for mass turnovers. The most privileged inmates sleep on their backs, ringing the walls of the cell. Everyone else sleeps on his side. There are no prison uniforms, no blankets with which to cover themselves, and no soap. Inmates have a monotonous diet of nsima and beans with water. 
These conditions, together with rampant diseases like scabies and tuberculosis, are the main reasons that Maula Prison lost an average of 30 prisoners a year in 2003 and 2004, about 1 death per 60 inmates. Zomba Prison loses one in 20 inmates annually. When prisoners are found with these diseases, they are not often given medical attention or quarantined, which allows the diseases to spread even further. Malawi prisons with HIV/Aids patients have high death rates due the prisoners’ weak immune systems worsened by the lack of an appropriate diet and anti-retroviral therapy. Several organizations have challenged the government through the courts to consider having a well-balanced diet for the prisoners who are HIV positive.
Another major issue is the lack of legal representation available to the average Malawian. Malawi’s 12,000,000 to 13,000,000 citizens have 28 legal aid attorneys and eight prosecutors with law degrees. There are jobs for 32 prosecutors but salaries are so low that vacancies go unfilled. Therefore, except in special cases like murder and manslaughter, almost all accused go to trial without lawyers. Malawi’s High Court, which has to pass judgment on all capitals crimes, has not heard a single homicide case in the last year, simply because there is no money to assemble lawyers, judges and witnesses for hearings in the localities where the crimes occurred. There are many cases of people who sit in jail simple because their case files were misplaced. 
Malawi still has a death penalty, but no execution has been ordered by the last two presidents. 
The current president and the previous president have made an attempt to show amnesty and at the same time relieve the pressure on prisons by pardoning large numbers of prisoners at one time. The previous president Dr Baliki Muluzi in 1995 released 650 prisoners on Malawi’s 31st Independence Day celebrations. The former president Dr Bingu Wa Mutharika, ordered the release of 398 prisoners in 2007. These were prisoners who had served at least half of their sentence and were of good behavior.
New Prisons.
The new Mzimba Prison has conditions high above those of many other Malawian prisons, with beds and comfortable mattresses. Prisoners get food three times a day and have well-ventilated cells. The facility also provides services and activities for prisoners, such as teaching them skills so they go back into society as law-abiding citizens. The Malawi Prison Service plans to open additional prisons in Rumphi Mchinji and Salima.

</doc>
<doc id="19233635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233635" title="Intercalated cells of the amygdala">
Intercalated cells of the amygdala

Intercalated (ITC) cells of the amygdala are a group of GABAergic neurons situated between the basolateral and central nuclei of the amygdala that are important for inhibitory control over the amygdala.
Function.
ITC cells are thought to play a role as the 'off switch' for the amygdala, inhibiting the amygdala's central nucleus output neurons and its basolateral nucleus neurons. Some researchers speculate that ITC cells, via their extensive local inhibition within the amygdala, could serve as a substrate for expression and storage of extinction memory.
Connectivity.
ITC cells receive strong projections from the infralimbic cortex (IL mPFC) in both primates and rodents, which may explain cortical control over emotional regulation processes such as extinction.

</doc>
<doc id="19233655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233655" title="Changamwe">
Changamwe

Changamwe is a suburb and parliamentary constituency of Mombasa, in the former Coast Province of Kenya.
Geography.
The area is primarily industrial, with a number of modern concrete tower blocks housing residents. Industries include refineries and various process industries. There is a franchise of Barclays Bank located on the major Mombasa-Nairobi road.
Transport.
The district is located on the Kenyan mainland, and Mombasa Island is accessible by road, rail and on foot via the Makupa Causeway.

</doc>
<doc id="19233663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233663" title="Revenu de solidarité active">
Revenu de solidarité active

The Revenu de solidarité active (RSA) is a French form of social welfare. It was implemented on 1 June 2009 by the French government.
RSA replaces Revenu minimum d'insertion; its goal is to provide a minimum income for unemployed and underemployed workers, with the aim of encouraging them to find work, and provide a complement for low-wage workers so that they do not suffer the perverse effects of earning less through employment than unemployment.
A worker may receive both RSA and the Prime pour l'emploi (PPE), but the PPE amount will be reduced depending on the amount of RSA collected.
RSA is also intended to replace Allocation de parent isolé (API), and ultimately various other government-sponsored back-to-work incentives and initiatives such as contrat unique d'insertion, contrat d'accompagnement dans l'emploi and contrat initiative emploi.
As of 1 January 2014, the monthly RSA allocation is 499.31 €.
Although the initial programme applied only to workers over the age of 25, "La loi de finances pour 2010 (article 135)" extended benefits to young people aged 18 to 25 having worked the equivalent of at least two years over the preceeding three calendar years.

</doc>
<doc id="19233667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233667" title="Nuit de folie">
Nuit de folie

"Nuit de folie" is a 1988 popular song recorded by French pop duet Début de Soirée. It was their debut single from their album "Jardins d'enfants" and was released in June 1988. In France, it became the summer hit of the year, topping the chart for over two months. It was re-released in 2000 in a remixed version, but it did not reach success.
Background.
The song, written and composed by both members of the duets, was especially created to become a summer hit, although the song was actually released for the first time in 1984 as a B-side, but passed unnoticed at the time. It was very difficult to find a record company, because nobody believed in the potential of the song, but a contract was eventually signed with Sony. In 1988, the song was also much promoted by the band in many TV shows. According to Elia Habib, an expert of French charts, the song is characterized by a "rapid and lively rhythm, a very simple refrain therefore easy to remember, a tune that becomes embedded in the eardrums, lyrics referring to summer festive atmosphere". It also contains a brief bridge sung in a rap version, just before the last refrain.
The duet's second single, "La Vie la nuit", released in December 1988, used around the end of the song a sample from the introduction of "Nuit de folie".
Music video.
In the music video, the two singers perform a choreography on "shimmering backgrounds", in an "astonishing variety of head to foot positions". They are accompanied by three women, one of them being obese, each with a plain dress in a different colour. During the last refrain, two couples are formed, and the obese woman remains alone.
The video is now considered old-fashioned and in an interview, both singers admitted that they do not like to see it aired on TV because they find it antiquated.
Chart performances.
In France, the single entered the singles chart at number 39 on 11 June 1988. It climbed quickly and reached number one from its sixth to his fourteenth week. It then remained for other nine weeks in the top five, then almost kept on dropping. It totalled 22 weeks in the top ten and 30 weeks in the top 50, and was certified Platinum disc by the SNEP. It became the 57th best-selling single of all time in France, with over 1 million copies sold.
The song was later released again in remixed versions: first in 1995, then in 2000. Both versions, particularly devoted to the discothèques, were failures.
Uses in the media.
The song was covered by a band in Fabien Onteniente's 2006 film "Camping".
Charts and sales.
Peak positions.
1 1999 remix

</doc>
<doc id="19233668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233668" title="Iran at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Iran at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Athletes from the Islamic Republic of Iran competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece.
Results by event.
Archery.
Men's recurve
Athletics.
Men
Women
Cycling.
Men's road
Men's track
Football 7-a-side.
Men
Judo.
Men
Powerlifting.
Men
Shooting.
Men
Women
Mixed
Table tennis.
Men
Volleyball.
Men's sitting
Wheelchair basketball.
Men

</doc>
<doc id="19233683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233683" title="Love or Let Me Be Lonely">
Love or Let Me Be Lonely

"Love or Let Me Be Lonely" is a pop song recorded by the soul group The Friends of Distinction and released as a single in early 1970. The song was a multi-format success, peaking in the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 at #6 and at #13 on the R&B chart. On the Adult Contemporary singles charts, "Love or Let Me Lonely" went to #9.
The song is ranked as the 63rd biggest hit of 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19233699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233699" title="Isaac Pray">
Isaac Pray

Isaac Clarke Pray (1813 - 1869) was an American author and playwright.
Powell was born in Boston, and educated at Amherst College. He was on the staff of the "Journal of Commerce" and the "Herald" in Boston. He was a successful theatrical manager, and among the persons whom he trained for the stage was Charlotte Cushman. He appeared in a number of English and Irish theaters, and produced a successful play, "Virginius", and a number of dramas and burlesques. He was the author of "Poems" (1837); "Book of the Drama" (1851); "Memoirs of James Gordon Bennett and his Times"; and other works.

</doc>
<doc id="19233715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233715" title="Walthamstow Academy">
Walthamstow Academy

Walthamstow Academy is a mixed secondary school and sixth form located in Walthamstow, London. The school is sponsored by the United Learning Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="19233718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233718" title="International Panorama Council">
International Panorama Council

The International Panorama Council is a global network involving museum directors, managers, artists, restorers and historians who deal with the historical or the contemporary art and media forms of the panorama. A non-governmental organization, it comprises about 250 members from all over the world who are either representatives of museums and research institutes or private researchers and enthusiasts.
The organisation was founded in 1992 as the "European Panorama Conference" in Szeged/Hungary and renamed in 1998 at Altoetting/Germany the "International Panorama Conference". Since 2003 the organisation is called International Panorama Council.
Main goals.
The main goals of IPC are to ensure the conservation of surviving historical panoramas and cycloramas, to extend and to distribute the knowledge of the panorama phenomenon and to develop new initiatives for the panorama in a contemporary context.
The International Panorama Council actively supports the preservation of historical panoramas and cycloramas. In 2007 and 2008 it started a lobbying campaign to save the endangered panorama painting and building in Innsbruck, Austria.
The IPC is also currently campaigning to protect the endangered Panorama Mesdag.
A further goal of the IPC is to have the most important historical panoramas listed as UNESCO World Heritage sites. A first step has been taken in July 2008 when the Panorama Waterloo was added to Belgium's tentative proposal for the UNESCO list. In February 2009 Panorama Mesdag applied for inclusion in the tentative list of the Netherlands.
Activities.
IPC is active in the fields of restoration, research, financing, exhibiting and marketing of panoramas.
Annual conferences.
Since its foundation in 1992 annual conferences have been held worldwide.
References.
Most of the information in this article is taken from Gabriele Koller, (ed.), "Die Welt der Panoramen. Zehn Jahre Internationale Panorama Konferenzen / The World of Panoramas. Ten Years of International Panorama Conferences", Amberg 2003. The rest of the information is cited from the following sources: 

</doc>
<doc id="19233726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233726" title="Michael Lissack">
Michael Lissack

Michael Lissack is an American realtor, author, and business consultant who was formerly a managing director in the municipal bond department at Smith Barney. He is notable as the whistleblower who exposed a yield burning scandal in the 1990s, whereby financial firms made illegal profits from the structuring of U.S. Government investment portfolios associated with municipal bonds. Lissack is a director of the Institute for the Study of Coherence and Emergence.
Yield burning scandal.
In 1994 Lissack exposed a major yield burning scandal on Wall Street. The issue was eventually settled by a number of firms for over $200 million, to which Lissack was entitled to at least 15% per federal whistleblower laws. Lissack used some of these funds for charitable purposes including endowing a professorship in Social Responsibility and Personal Ethics at his alma mater Williams College.
In February 1998, Lissack entered into a voluntary agreement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission whereby he was banned from the securities industry for five years and paid a $30,000 fine, as part of an arrangement by Lissack's legal team for Lissack to be on record as taking some responsibility for the scandal. Later that year Lissack was charged by the Manhattan District Attorney's office with making online solicitations for people to harass executives of his former employer, Salmon Smith Barney, by calling them at company headquarters and in some instances their homes. He pled guilty to second-degree harassment, admitting he sent phony e-mail to Salomon Smith Barney employees. As part of the guilty plea, Lissack was not sentenced to jail and paid no fine.
Later career.
After his departure from the securities industry, Lissack received a doctor of business administration degree from Henley Management College in the United Kingdom. Lissack is a director of the Institute for the Study of Coherence and Emergence. Worth Magazine described Lissack as one of "Wall Street's 25 Smartest Players" in 1999 and as one of the 100 Americans who have most influenced "how we think about money" in 2001.
Lissack was a candidate for county commissioner in Collier County, Florida in 2002 and in 2006. He briefly taught business and public policy at the Central European University. Lissack is also a Trustee of the American Society for Cybernetics.From 1999 to 2004, Lissack served as the editor-in-chief of Emergence: A Journal of Complexity Issues in Organizations and Management now known as E:CO. Additionally, Lissack has written or co-authored a number of books including "The Next Common Sense" (1999) and "Coherence in the Midst of Complexity" (2011).

</doc>
<doc id="19233728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233728" title="Akerly Homestead">
Akerly Homestead

The Poillon-Akerly-Omsted Farmhouse was a large farm and modest Dutch farmhouse on one of the higher hills overlooking Raritan Bay, and Sandy Hook in the distance on Staten Island purchased by Olmsted's father and given to Frederick Law Olmsted in 1848 to grow crops, plant trees and clear for pasture for livestock. The first owner of the property was Dominic Petrus Teaschenmaker who acquired a patent on the property from Governor Thomas Dongan on November 3, 1685. The property was acquired in the late 17th century (c. 1696) and he stone basement of the structure was enlarged into a Flemish Style farm house by Jacques Poillon, the Richmond County Road Commissioner under Governor Slaughter, and one of the original Huguenot settlers of Staten Island. By 1723, three generations of the Poillon family had lived in this farmhouse and during the Revolutionary War, John Poillon, a member of the Committee of Safety for Richmond County, helped bring about the famous, though ill-fated, Peace Conference at Bentley Manor in the Billopp House, now known as the Conference House.
Dr. Samuel Akerly (one of the founders of the New York Institute for the Blind) enlarged the farmhouse to thirteen rooms. Dr. Akerly wrote many essays on the use of farmland on Staten Island and revolutionized the uses of farming equipment and the rotations of crops. The New York City Department of Parks and Recreation is in the process of restoring the farmhouse back to the way Olmsted had it when he resided there.
Olmsted had greatly improved the structure by adding a -story addition to the top of the house, with small windows on the top floor under the roof attic eaves. He also added porches on all three sides of the farmhouse, which have since been demolished. Olmsted used the property as a tree nursery and planted many unusual specimens of trees on his farm. In the photo you see one of the tremendous Cedar of Lebanon conifers. There are some Osage Orange trees not far from the property as well. The farm originally encompassed land across the main thoroughfare of Hylan Boulevard, between that road and the beach. After Olmsted sold the farm, it was from then on referred to as the Woods of Arden. The address is 4515 Hylan Boulevard, near Woods of Arden Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19233731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233731" title="Twing">
Twing

Twing.com was a search engine specializing in internet forum content, located in Jersey City, New Jersey, with data centers around the world. Twing.com used vertical searching as a forum search service that seeks out communities based on common forum formats. The product disappeared from the Web in late November, 2008, when the product division's parent company Accoona ceased business operations.
In early 2013, a new startup named Twing.co launched. Beyond their common name, these companies are not related. Twing.co is a peer-to-peer professional networking platform supported by a knowledge based search engine that focuses on open innovation and collaboration. It was recently named among the Top 20 New Big Data Startups by DataWeek.
Twing.com did not use the typical web crawler method but recognizes the footprint and structure of forum content and indexes such content according to its context, and then allows for word sense disambiguation of concepts through use of topical category and other filters.
Additionally, prior to ceasing operations, Twing.com began collecting and indexing content from Twitter and other real-time user generated content sources.
Content disambiguation.
To allow for disambiguation, Twing.com is utilizing interface concepts such as Faceted Search and Filtering in the Search Engine Result Pages, (SERPs). These are advanced search methods that attempt to assist users with their information foraging efforts by keeping them on an information scent trail.
Category filters, based on the directory taxonomy, are one of the filtering methods available. This is an attempt to solve the generalized search problem of ambiguity that often occurs in search results as well as forum search results. A good example might be the word "bass." If you do a search for bass on Wikipedia, you get a disambiguation page to determine if the phrase in this case means a musical instrument, a company name, part of a place name, a beverage, and other options. While adding key terms to a search may sometimes collapse ambiguities, doing so can also exclude things of value. So category filters can help solve the problem of ambiguity in search engine results, whether such search engines are forum search specific or not. Additional filters are available based on language entity extraction from content and proprietary algorithms and dictionaries. Twing.com's use of such technology is discernible from seeing the filters available within the search results pages.
Forum content collection.
The Twing.com robot, (called Twingbot), was designed to understand the formats of Internet Forums, (a.k.a. Bulletin Boards or Discussion Groups.) While the Twing.com product was open to the world in January, 2008, the Twingbot robot had been observed 'in the wild' at least several months earlier. (The Twingbot robot had identified itself as User-Agent: Twingbot/1.0 and formerly had its own descriptive web page at www.twingbot.com/)

</doc>
<doc id="19233735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233735" title="Homeland Bridge">
Homeland Bridge

Homeland Bridge () is a long bridge over Sava River located in southeastern Zagreb, Croatia. Its administrative location is the city district Peščenica - Žitnjak. The bridge carries four lanes connecting the Radnička street between the Petruševec neighborhood in the north and the Kosnica interchange with the Zagreb bypass in the south.
The bridge was built in the mid-2000s and opened in the spring of 2007 after numerous delays. It was formally opened by the Zagreb mayor Milan Bandić and the Minister of construction Marina Matulović-Dropulić.
The bridge is a part of a transportation project to improve and widen the connections of the satellite city Velika Gorica to Zagreb. Nevertheless currently it alone does not achieve this goal, because the access road (Radnička street) towards it has remained narrow, pending reconstruction, and the road afterwards leads only towards the beltway, it does not continue towards Velika Gorica, to the dismay of local residents. The road is supposed to connect Kosnica and Velika Gorica and continue southwards along the route of the D31 state road.
The bridge has space reserved on the median for two light railroad tracks (intended for the proposed line to Zagreb Airport). It also carries the main sewer collector transporting sewage from southern boroughs to the treatment plant at Žitnjak.

</doc>
<doc id="19233738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233738" title="Cəlayir">
Cəlayir

Cəlayir or Calayir or Cəlair may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19233741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233741" title="Dennis Kinney">
Dennis Kinney

Dennis Paul Kinney (born February 26, 1952 in Toledo, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played all or part of five seasons in the majors, from until .
Kinney was selected by the Cleveland Indians in the 10th round of the 1970 Major League Baseball Draft, and he played in their organization through his major league debut in 1978. He was given a chance at closing games for the Indians, notching five saves in 18 games. That June, however, he was traded to the San Diego Padres for pitcher Dan Spillner.
Kinney's one full season in the majors came in for the Padres. That year, he pitched in 50 games as a reliever, compiling a 4–6 record with a 4.25 ERA and one save. In December, he was traded to the Detroit Tigers for outfielder Dave Stegman, but appeared in just six games for the Tigers before being released in the offseason. After a brief trial with the Oakland Athletics in , his major league career was over.

</doc>
<doc id="19233748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233748" title="2008–09 Mid-American Conference season">
2008–09 Mid-American Conference season

The 2008–09 Mid-American Conference season is a National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I conference. The Mid-American Conference (MAC) sponsors 23 sports (11 men's and 12 women's). The MAC is made up of 12 full-time members and five affiliate members.
The 2008–09 season is the 63rd season in existence.
Member schools.
There are twelve schools with full membership:
Five schools have affiliate membership status:
Reese and Jacoby trophies.
The Reese and Jacoby trophies are awarded to the top men's and women's athletic departments in the Mid-American Conference.
Points are awarded based on each school's finish, with the overall total divided by the number of sports sponsored by each school. An institution may count either indoor track and field or outdoor track and field but not both.
Reese standings.
"* Affiliate status only. Does not qualify for trophy."
Jacoby standings.
"* Affiliate status only. Does not qualify for trophy."
Sports.
Basketball (men's).
Players of the week.
The following are the MAC men's basketball players of the week. Number of awards won this season are in parenthesis.
Basketball (women's).
Standings.
"Through March 8, 2009"
West.
"* Receives E3 seed based on 2–0 head-to-head record vs. Miami."
Cross country (men's).
Eastern Michigan won its fourth consecutive MAC Championship in 2008. The All-MAC team consisted of Ryan Bloom (Buffalo), Josh Karanja (Eastern Michigan), Sammy Kiprotch (Central Michigan), Aiman Scullion (Kent State), Kevin Silver (Miami), Pat Sovacool (Miami) and Curtis Vollmar (Eastern Michigan).
Sovacool of Miami was the only runner to qualify for the NCAA Championship. He finished 65th overall.
In the preseason poll voted by the MAC head coaches, Eastern Michigan was chosen to win the 2008 men's MAC Cross Country Championship. EMU had won the past three MAC Championships and had five All-MAC runners returning.
Football.
Ball State started the 2008 football season 12–0, going undefeated in conference play and defeating Indiana and Navy in out of conference games. BSU was ranked as high as 12th in the Associated Press Poll and 13th in the Coaches' Poll. They were also ranked 12th at one point in the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) rankings. However, Ball State was upset by Buffalo in the MAC Championship game, lost their bowl game vs. Tulsa and finished unranked in each of the polls.
In regular season non-conference games, the MAC defeated BCS opponents #25 Pittsburgh (Bowling Green won 27–17), Syracuse (Akron won 42–28), Indiana (Ball State won 42–20 and Central Michigan won 37–34), Illinois (Western Michigan won 23–17) and Michigan (Toledo won 13–10).
Despite having a successful non-conference record and gaining five bowl bids, the MAC finished the bowl season poorly. The MAC was the only conference to not win a bowl game and finished 0–5.

</doc>
<doc id="19233762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233762" title="Victor DiNapoli">
Victor DiNapoli

Victor DiNapoli is an American television director and production designer. He is sometimes credited as Victor Di Napoli.
Awards and nominations.
DiNapoli has been nominated for twenty Daytime Emmy awards in the categories Outstanding Achievement in Art Direction/Set Decoration/Scenic Design, Outstanding Art Direction/Set Decoration/Scenic Design, and Outstanding Direction in a Children's Series, for his work on "Sesame Street". He was nominated from 1990 to 2008, and won eight times in 1990, 1993, 2002, 2004, 2005 (twice), 2006 and 2007. His first DE win was shared with Mike Pantuso and Nat Mongioi.

</doc>
<doc id="19233778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233778" title="Historic Hicks Field">
Historic Hicks Field

Historic Hicks Field is a baseball stadium located in Edenton, North Carolina. The stadium is home to the John A. Holmes High School Aces as well as the Edenton Steamers of the Coastal Plain League. 
Hicks Field was built as a Works Progress Administration project in 1939 at the corner of East Freemason and Woodward, adjacent to John A. Holmes High School.
The main structure is a wood grandstand with a roof that was built to accommodate slightly more than 500 people. The main grandstand is the oldest remaining wooden grandstand of its type in the state of North Carolina. Hicks Field was home to minor league baseball and semipro teams up until 1952, including the Edenton Colonials of the original Coastal Plain League, the Albemarle League, and the Virginia League. The Albemarle League was well known for its baseball prominence throughout the area as collegiate players would grace areas such as Elizabeth City, Hertford, Edenton, Windsor and Williamston for a summer full of great baseball.
Hicks Field was also the longtime spring training site for a number of minor league teams during the 1940s, including Binghamton, NY, and Reading, PA. In 1995, Hicks Field was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Players such as Bob Feller and other major league all-stars have stepped foot inside this historic stadium. In 1946 Hicks Field played host to arguably one of the best games of that era as an Albemarle League all-star team faced off against a major league all star team composed of players from the Pittsburgh Pirates, New York Yankees, Washington Senators and Chicago White Sox. The Albemarle team was defeated but for the 4,500 in attendance they were treated to some of the best players in all of baseball.
In 1997 Hicks Field underwent extensive renovations including a complete remodeling of the main grandstand behind home plate and the addition of two new grandstands; one down the first baseline and one down the third baseline as well. New bathrooms were built. as well as a manual wooden scoreboard that was placed in right field as well as double decking the outfield fence in left field to give Hicks a "Fenway Park" feel. After all of the renovations were complete Hicks Field grew in capacity to seat 1,200 people and gives off a nostalgic feeling that can rival any major league baseball stadium.
In 1998 the Edenton Steamers were formed in the new Coastal Plain League summer collegiate baseball league. Hicks Field continues to host the Steamers, Edenton-Holmes high school baseball, American Legion Post 40 contests, and various tournaments in the summer. In 2004 Baseball America (regarded as the definitive baseball publication in the sport) rated Historic Hicks Field the #2 summer collegiate venue in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19233779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233779" title="1999 Tennis Channel Open – Singles">
1999 Tennis Channel Open – Singles

Andre Agassi was the defending champion, but retired from his semifinals match this year.
Jan-Michael Gambill won the title, defeating Lleyton Hewitt 7–6(7–2), 4–6, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19233783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233783" title="Frisk Me Now">
Frisk Me Now

Frisk Me Now (foaled April 2, 1994 in Florida) is an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse a multiple Graded stakes race winner whose victories include the Flamingo Stakes, Ohio and Pennsylvania Derbys, and the Suburban, Widener, Philip H. Iselin Handicap and the Gulfstream Park Sprint Championship Handicaps.
Retired to stud, Frisk Me Now originally stood in the United States and has since been relocated to Pot. Hermosura Inc., P.R. in Puerto Rico. Frisk Me Now is the sire of Truly Frisky, Puerto Rico's 2007 Champion Imported Horse. Truly Frisky has won over $300,000 and also won the G1 Clasico Verset’s Jet twice as well as other notable stakes in Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="19233793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233793" title="Beynon">
Beynon

Beynon may refer to:
places:
people with the surname Beynon:

</doc>
<doc id="19233797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233797" title="Take Back the Universe and Give Me Yesterday">
Take Back the Universe and Give Me Yesterday

Take Back the Universe and Give Me Yesterday is a studio album by Creeper Lagoon. The song "Wrecking Ball" was featured in the film "Vanilla Sky". The song "Under The Tracks" was featured in the movie "Orange County".

</doc>
<doc id="19233799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233799" title="Wild &amp; Wicked">
Wild &amp; Wicked

Wild & Wicked is a compilation with tracks of Eric Burdon.
Some tracks were taken from the unreleased "Mirage Project" from 1973. Other tracks are taken from the Comeback album, the Comeback film from 1981/82, a track recorded by The Eric Burdon Band in 1973 and a track probably recorded in 1981/82 but not released until 1988; album "Wicked Man".
The first 9 tracks were credited to "Studio", the last 8 tracks to "Live". This description is incorrect. Only some of the "Live" tracks are live recordings, some of them are still studio recordings, mainly from 1982.
Corrections.
Track 7 ("Studio") was not recorded during any "Mirage Session". It was released on his "Comeback" album in 1982. Every other "Studio" track was recorded during the "Mirage Session".
Track 1 ("Live") is no live track and was recorded during the "Comeback" project.
Track 3 ("Live") is no live track and was recorded with The Eric Burdon Band in 1973 and was released on their last album "Stop".
Track 4 ("Live") is no live track and was recorded during the "Comeback" project. It was released on Burdon's album "Power Company" in 1983.
Track 6 ("Live") is no live track and was probably recorded in 1981/82. It was first released on Burdon's compilation "Wicked Man" in 1988.
Track 7 ("Live") is no live track and was recorded during the "Comeback" project.

</doc>
<doc id="19233802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233802" title="Yield Burning">
Yield Burning

Yield burning is a form of financial fraud involving the United States municipal bond market.
Description.
Yield burning was a method by which major Wall Street U.S. municipal bond dealers cheated the United States government out of millions of dollars of revenue. The scam was initially exposed by whistleblower Michael Lissack in 1994, and eventually the firms involved settled with the government for $205 million.
The "New York Times" described the scam as follows: 
Lissack's initial whistleblowing and cases did not seem to stop the practice. Yield burning can take multiple forms including the over pricing of securities and providing under market yields on reinvestment contracts. In 2004, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit described the following:
By 2005, federal regulators became concerned that the yield burning scandal was having a redux. Some of the concern stemmed from a ruling in Lissack's qui tam case, which held yield burning to be a tax issue and thus exempt from the provisions of the federal False Claims Act. Yield burning was, however, directly covered by the Internal Revenue Code tax whistleblower provisions that took effect in 2007. Several major firms ultimately reached a settlememt with the Securities and Exchange Commission and Internal Revenue Service regarding a replay of the bid rigging practices that had been originally exposed by Lissack's qui tam suit (the basis of the 2nd District Court language above). More lawsuits and investigations continue to the present day. In July 2011, JPMorgan Chase became the third major institution (after Bank of America and UBS) to settle with regulators bring the total recovered in the present round of activity to nearly $500 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19233810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233810" title="Škoda Yeti">
Škoda Yeti

The Škoda Yeti ("Typ" 5L) is a five-door five-seater compact SUV model built by the Czech car manufacturer Škoda Auto. It was introduced at the 2009 Geneva Motor Show in March, as the division's first entry into the popular SUV market. 
An announcement was made in late 2010 that Škoda Yeti will be built in China by Shanghai-VW in 2013.
Overview.
In most of the EU, the Yeti is available with three different trim levels: "Experience", "Ambition" and "Track" (or "Active" in some markets). However in the UK it is available in five trim levels, "E", "S", "SE", "SE Plus" and "Elegance". In India, it is available in "Active", "Ambition" (also called "Ambiente") and "Elegance" trims. Its luggage capacity, aided by the 'VarioFlex' rear seats, ranges from , up to when the rear seats are removed.
It was named "Family Car of the Year" in 2009 by "Top Gear Magazine". And according to the European Car of the Year website, the Yeti was placed fourth in the 2010 award.
In June 2011, Škoda built the 100,000th Yeti.
Safety.
The Škoda Yeti has been awarded a 5-star safety rating by the European New Car Assessment Programme (Euro NCAP). It scored 92% for adult occupant protection in the frontal and side crash tests, 78% for child occupant protection and 46% in the pedestrian safety test. It also scored 71% for default Safety Assist equipment, as the range comes with driver/passenger seatbelt reminders as standard. It also includes Electronic Stability Programme (ESP) with Anti-lock Braking System (ABS), Hydraulic Brake Assist (HBA), Anti-Slip Regulation (ASR) and Electronic Differential Lock (EDS) - which is currently standard equipment on most variants throughout Europe and optional on others. Protection against whiplash injury in the rear-impact (whiplash) test was also good.
It can be ordered with up to 11 airbags (dual front, front side torso, rear side torso, front and rear side curtain, and driver's knee airbag).
Powertrain.
The powertrain offerings in the Yeti include a range of internal combustion engines, all of which are four cylinder (I4) four-stroke turbocharged and EU5 emissions standard compliant. petrol engines are all fuel injected and diesel engines are all common rail (CR) Turbocharged Direct Injection (TDI) with diesel particulate filter (DPF).
Most engines are offered with six-speed manual transmissions, with a five-speed manual being reserved for front-wheel drive only cars with the 81 kW TDI engine. Currently, the Volkswagen Group seven-speed Direct-Shift Gearbox (DSG) can be ordered for the 1.2 TSI only. The six-speed Direct-Shift Gearbox (DSG) has been available for the 2.0 CR 103 PS diesel engine since May 2010.
The four-wheel drive variants utilise the latest fourth-generation Haldex Traction multi-plate clutch to transmit the drive to the rear wheels, and all drive layouts include fully independent multi-link rear suspension first seen on the Volkswagen Golf Mk5 to complement the fully independent front suspension.
Awards and reviews.
Since its introduction in 2009, the Yeti has been well received by the public and the press. The Yeti has received a number of awards, including some high profile and coveted ones. In 2009, it won the Top Gear Magazine's Best Family Car. In 2010, it won the Auto Express Car of the Year Award. The Škoda Yeti also received numerous awards from Total Offroad Magazine in 2011. The Škoda Yeti also featured in the most searched for vehicle on the popular car review website Honestjohn, until early April, 2011 and was voted as the first Honestjohn Car of the Year award. 
In 2011, the Yeti appeared on the popular BBC programme, "Top Gear", where presenter Jeremy Clarkson declared it as possibly the best car in the world. Clarkson supported his claim by using 20 minutes of the programme to test and challenge the Yeti in a series of scenarios. Due to this broadcast, the Škoda UK website temporarily overloaded and the Yeti became a trending item on Twitter.

</doc>
<doc id="19233817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233817" title="Younger and Younger">
Younger and Younger

Younger And Younger is 1993 American comedy film directed by Percy Adlon.
Plot.
A strange man owns a self-storage facility and lives in a reality of his own until reality comes crashing down.
Awards and nominations.
Brussels International Fantastic Film Festival
Tokyo International Film Festival

</doc>
<doc id="19233824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233824" title="Vanessa Kraven">
Vanessa Kraven

Vanessa Kraven (born February 10, 1982) is a Canadian professional wrestler who has competed in North American independent promotions including C*4, BATTLEWAR, Smash Wrestling, Acclaim Pro-Wrestling, IWA Mid-South, IWS (International Wrestling Syndicate), Northern Championship Wrestling (French), Blood Sweat and Ears and Elite Wrestling Revolution. She has also made several trips to Japan and has competed in the Japanese "joshi" promotions Kyoko Inoue's NEO Japan Ladies, JWP Joshi Puroresu, Pro Wrestling Wave, JDStar/Kakutobi as well as Emi Sakura's Ice Ribbon.
Career.
A native of Notre-Dame-de-Grâce, a residential district in Montreal, Kraven became interested in professional wrestling at an early age and later as a teenager during the so-called ""Attitude Era"". After graduating from hairdressing school in 2002, she began training at "Sully's Gym" under Ron Hutchinson in Toronto and later under Zaquary Springate III in the United States before eventually making her professional debut in April 2004.
Prior to her debut, she also trained at the NCW wrestling school on the advice of wrestling radio personality Brian The Guppie and independent wrestler Franky The Mobster. She soon became a mainstay in NCW. At the end of the year at "ChallengeMania", she was introduced as "Vanessa Kraven" with a goth in-ring persona and appeared with her "kayfabe" half-brother James Kraven as an ally and bodyguard. She continue to appear as a valet with Kraven, most notably, at the "Night of the Blizzard" supercard where James Kraven and Stalker faced brothers Adib and Sidi Mansour on the undercard.
She worked for various independent promotions during her early career, mainly throughout Quebec and Ontario, and was the last Northern Championship Wrestling Women's Champion which she held from early-2005 until August 2006 when NCW's women's division was disbanded for lack of female competition. She was also the only Women's Champion of the internet-based promotion, Battle Angels, to be undefeated in competition. Soon after leaving NCW, Kraven made her Japan debut for the NEO Japan Ladies promotion in August 2006. Appearing for the Wrestle Expo in Tokyo, she was unsuccessful in gaining a victory against NWA Women's Pacific and NEO Single Champion Yoshiko Tamura during NEO's World Women's Wrestling Classic (WWWC) World Cup Tournament.
Between 2005 and 2006, she was seen working for Ontario's Blood Sweat and Ears promotion and, in Montreal, for the International Wrestling Syndicate and the Association de Lutte Feminine, an all women's wrestling promotion. In January 2005, she was scheduled to appear at the inaugural show for the Montreal Wrestling Organization at the Gauntlet Centre in the St. Vicent-Marie church. Due to illness however, she was unable to attend and comic Dollar Bill volunteered to take her place against Moonlight, another female wrestler. Despite outside interference from T-Unit and French Fly, Moonlight pinned him for the victory. At that same show, Gino Brito was honored for his contributions to Canadian professional wrestling and awarded a special plaque by Don Paysan. At the May 28 IWS supercard, "Scarred For Life", Kraven defeated El Generico and Beef Wellington in a mixed tag team match with Kid Kamikaze.
In early-2006, she had a brief stint in IWA Mid-South and, on April 1, she and Daizee Haze lost to Mickie Knuckles and MsChif in a Four-Women Elimination Tag Team Match for the NWA Midwest Women's Championship when Mickie Knuckles pinned Kraven. The show was held at the Park District Recreational Center in Midlothian, Illinois. At the inaugural Queen of the Death Match tournament in November 2006, Kraven was eliminated by Rachel Putski in a thumbtack death match during the quarterfinals. She and LuFisto attacked Mickie Knuckles moments after defeating Mayumi Ozaki in the tournament finals.
On September 22, 2007, Kraven took part in a 3-way mixed tag team match teaming with Twiggy against Justin White and Tommasino and SLI 2007 (Fred la Merveille & Kenny the Bastard) at a Montreal BSE show. That same year, she teamed with SeXXXy Eddy in a mixed tag team match against Kacey Diamond and Exess at the ALF's first annual "Sherri Martel Memorial Cup tournament".
On January 26, 2008, she and Twiggy lost in a mixed tag team match against 2.0 (Jagged and Shane Matthews) when she was pinned by both opponents at the IWS supercard "Praise the Violence" held at Le Medley in Montreal. She had been enlisted by Twiggy in his feud against Jagged and Shane Matthews when they cost him a match against IWS Heavyweight Champion PCP Crazy F’N Manny. On July 11, she faced Jamie D at the ALF supercard "Declaration D'Independance" in Montreal.
In May, 2010, she completed another tour of Japan as Vanessa the Mountain, working three shows for NEO and one show for JWP.
Since 2012 has been wrestling for C*4 (Capital City Championship Combat)(Ottawa), Acclaim Wrestling (Ottawa), Smash Wrestling (Toronto) and BATTLEWAR (Montreal).

</doc>
<doc id="19233845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233845" title="UNITAS">
UNITAS

UNITAS are sea exercises and in port training involving several countries in North, South and Central America, conducted by the USA since 1959 in support of the U.S. policy.

</doc>
<doc id="19233847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233847" title="Beauty and the Rogue">
Beauty and the Rogue

Beauty and the Rogue is a 1918 American silent comedy/crime drama film directed by Henry King. It was the first film to feature Mary Miles Minter in a dual role.
Synopsis.
When her boyfriend proposes to her, Roberta is convinced he stole the jewelry he proposed to her with. She is right, but doesn't know her boyfriend wasn't informed when he bought one.

</doc>
<doc id="19233861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233861" title="Mazovo">
Mazovo

Mazovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19233864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233864" title="Parithimar Kalaignar">
Parithimar Kalaignar

Parithimar Kalaignar (born V. G. Suryanarayana Sastri, born August 11, 1870 - d. November 2, 1903), a Professor of Tamil at the Madras Christian College was the first person to campaign for the recognition of Tamil as a classical language.
Life.
Suryanarayana Sastri was born at Tirupparankunram in a Brahmin family. He graduated in Tamil and was soon employed as a Professor of Tamil in the Madras Christian College. In 1895, Suryanarayana Sastri rose to become the Head of Department for Tamil at the Madras Christian College.
He was one of the early pure Tamil activists. He changed his name Suryanarayana Sastri to its pure Tamil form ParithiMaal Kalaignyar (Surya - Parithi (sun), Narayanan - Maal (God Vishnu), Sastri - Kalaignyar (artist or scholar))
Campaign for recognition of Tamil as classical language.
Suryanarayana Sastri had immense love for Tamil and wrote plenty of books. He even changed his Sanskrit name to its Tamil translation.
When the Madras University proposed to exclude Tamil from its syllabus, Parithimar Kalaignar vehemently protested against the proposal forcing the authorities to drop the move. In 1902, he proposed that Tamil be designated as a "classical language" thereby becoming the first person to make such a petition. Parithimar Kalignar is also known as Dravida Sastri.
Parithimar Kalaignar was also the first to use the Tamil name "Kumarinadu" for the mythical lost-land of Lemuria.
Death.
Paritihimar Kalaignar died in 1903 due to tuberculosis at the age of 33.
Legacy.
Parithimar Kalaignar is regarded as an inspiration for Tamil enthusiasts as Maraimalai Adigal and the Tanittamil Iyakkam.
In 2006, the Government of Tamil Nadu declared Parithimar Kalaignar's house in his native village of Vilacheri as a memorial and sanctioned a sum of rupees 15 lakh towards nationalizing his books.
On August 17, 2007, postage stamps were issued in memory of Saint Vallalar, Parithimar Kalaignar and Maraimalai Adigal.
On December 13, 2006, the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister, M. Karunanidhi extended an amount of Rs. 15 lakh to the Tamil scholar's descendants.

</doc>
<doc id="19233870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233870" title="Jamjarcars">
Jamjarcars

Jamjarcars was an online car leasing company, established in 2000 as jamjar.com, operated by RBS in conjunction with Dixon Motor Holdings. After Dixon Motor Holdings was put into administration in 2007 the Jam Jar business changed to a finance brokerage, providing loans from Lombard Vehicle Management. Jamjarcars ceased providing new leases in September 2009.
The company is a subsidiary of the Royal Bank of Scotland Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19233871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233871" title="Hugo Rodrigues">
Hugo Rodrigues

Hugo Rodrigues (born 22 November 1979) is a Portuguese footballer. He is noted for being one of the tallest players in the game.
External links.
YEOVIL TOWN
Hugo joined the glovers to add height to the defence and attacks helping them in their first league 1 season before retiring to go back to his hobby in Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="19233883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233883" title="Devanga Purana">
Devanga Purana

The Devanga Puranam is the "kulapuranam" of Devanga community. It dealts with their incarnation man Devala Maharshi's life and his seven incarnations, goddess (Chowdedwari), rituals and customs; Devanga community reside in all the south Indian states and also splitted in north indian states.They traditionally engaged in cotton cloth weaving and cloth business.
Translations.
Devanga Purana is originally written in Sanskrit included in Brahmanda Purana; it has been translated into Telugu, Tamil and Kannada. We found the first printed copy in kannada named "Badarayana".

</doc>
<doc id="19233922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233922" title="Mirjam de Koning">
Mirjam de Koning

Mirjam de Koning (née Peper) (born July 16, 1969 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch paraplegic swimmer.
De Koning was born with damaged connective tissue. After her daughter Sarina was born in 1993 she had seven anterior cruciate ligament surgeries. In 1999 she suffered from a hernia and during a back-surgery a nerve was damaged. This left her with a form of paraplegia, hence she competes in the S6 classification. Swimming and wheelchair basketball were her sports, but as wheelchair basketball caused a lot of injuries she decided to mainly focus on swimming. She started to train five times a week at local swim team Oceanus in Aalsmeer. Not much later she was one of the fastest swimmers at her club, being able to keep up with swimmers without a disability. That year she swam seven Dutch national records in both 25 and 50 metres pools. 
In 2005 she was ready to take part in the Dutch national championships, but to participate she had to be a member of the national swimming association. Just a few days before the start she became a member and she won four gold medals, breaking all four Dutch national records as well as a European record. The national records were in the 50 m freestyle, 50 m butterfly and at the 100 m freestyle. The European record and thus fourth Dutch record she swam at the 50m backstroke. De Koning broke her first World Record at the Open Danish swimming championships in Esbjerg, March 2006. She won seven medals at the Championships, of which four golds, one silver and two bronze as well as a new World Record at the 50m backstroke in a time of 45.46 seconds. She also broke another four Dutch national records. She then qualified for the 2006 World Championships in Durban, South Africa and she won two bronze medals. At the 100 m freestyle she swam a time of 1:22.50 and at the 100m backstroke she came to a time of 1:35.26 to take her second bronze. A few days later she became World Champion at the 50m freestyle after winning her race in 37.67 seconds to take her third medal of the Championships. At the 400m freestyle she finished in fourth place.
She represented the Netherlands at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing for a total of four events. At her first event, the 100m freestyle she won her first round heat in a time of 1:18.56, which was by far the best time of all finalists, with Eleanor Simmonds with 1:21.86 coming in second place. In the final Simmonds managed to improve her time to 1:18.75 while De Koning was only able to swim January 19, 2029 and take the silver, finishing still in front of Paralympic and World Record holder Doramitzi Gonzalez. Later in the week she beat Simmonds in the 50 m freestyle and came second behind Simmonds in the 400 freestyle. She also won a gold medal in the 100 m backstroke event.

</doc>
<doc id="19233962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233962" title="Journey to the End of the Night (film)">
Journey to the End of the Night (film)

Journey to the End of the Night is a 2006 independent film directed by Eric Eason starring Brendan Fraser, Mos Def, Scott Glenn, Alice Braga and Catalina Sandino Moreno.
Synopsis.
The film is set in a dark and decadent area of São Paulo, Brazil, where the exiled Americans Sinatra and his son Paul own a brothel. Paul is a compulsive gambler addicted to cocaine. Sinatra is married to a former prostitute named Angie, with whom he has a son. A Russian client is killed by his wife in their establishment, leaving behind a suitcase filled with drugs. On the night that they have scheduled a negotiation to sell the contents of the suitcase to African buyers, their go-between dies while having sex with a transvestite named Nazda. In desperation, Sinatra makes a deal with the Nigerian dishwasher of the brothel, Wemba. Wemba is to travel to the harbor of Santos, taking the place of the go-between, and make the sale to the drug dealers. In return Wemba would receive a large amount of money. Wemba accepts but while returning to his car in the harbor, he is attacked by two small-time thieves and is knocked unconscious. His lack of contact with Sinatra and Paul starts a chain-reaction of misunderstandings that lead to a tragic end.

</doc>
<doc id="19233963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233963" title="A109 road (Kenya)">
A109 road (Kenya)

The A109 road is the main road link between the Kenyan cities of Nairobi and Mombasa. It is also known as The Mombasa road. For the majority of the distance, the road runs adjacent to the Nairobi-Mombasa main line, itself a branch of the Uganda Railway. It is also regarded as one of the most dangerous roads in the country due to the many hundreds of road deaths that have occurred in the last few years.
Towns and junctions.
The following towns, listed from east towards the west, are located along the highway. Major junctions are in "italics".

</doc>
<doc id="19233970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233970" title="Stroh Center">
Stroh Center

The Stroh Center is a 4,700-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of Bowling Green State University in Bowling Green, Ohio that opened September 2011. It replaced Anderson Arena as the home of the Bowling Green Falcons men's and women's basketball and women's volleyball teams and will host music concerts and the university's commencement ceremonies. The arena was designed by the architectural firm Rossetti Architects, designers of Red Bull Arena and Rio Tinto Stadium, and engineering firm URS Group Inc.
History.
After almost five decades of service to Bowling Green State University, a need to replace Anderson Arena emerged due to the arena's limited accommodations including only two restrooms in the entire arena and poor acoustics for concerts, but the most glaring reason for a replacement of Anderson Arena was the activities center's failure to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act, all of which proved detrimental to the university's image and recruiting abilities. At the men's basketball 2008 home finale against rival Kent State, Kermit Stroh, a trustee of the university from 1993–2002, and his late wife Mary Lu donated a university record $8.7 million to the university towards interscholastic athletics with $7.7 million marked for the building of a new convocation center that was to replace venerable Anderson Arena.
After a fundraiser that netted $13.5 million, including the $7.7 million from the Strohs, Bowling Green earmarked $36 million to fund the construction of the new arena, which included a $60 student fee every semester once the building was opened until the loans for the construction of the arena were paid off. As plans for the arena accelerated despite the university's poor financial situation, several students formed a coalition to have a student vote on the Undergraduate Student Government's resolution that the student body supported paying the extra fee, leaving the passage of the resolution to the students in a vote. The subsequent vote was held online in late March 2009, 28% of the student population participated in the vote and approved of the future fee with 2,630 students in favor, while 1,182 were opposed.
Seven sites around the campus were under consideration for the construction of the Stroh Center, including the adjacent parking lot next to Memorial Hall which houses Anderson Arena and the intramural fields between Doyt Perry Stadium and the Kreischer residence halls. The university ultimately decided to build the arena on a large parking lot along Wooster Street and Mercer Road at the east end of the campus that served as one of two parking lots for students that resided in the dormitories on campus. Ground was broken on September 3, 2009 as Kerm Stroh dug a patch of ground with a backhoe at a ceremony attended by around 450 spectators and media. The first steel beam was installed at the Stroh Center site on January 25, 2010 and the site's topping off occurred during a ceremony on May 3, 2010.
In July 2008, the university announced that a 2-ton, falcon statue would be installed at the entrance of the new arena. The statue was a gift from North Carolina philanthropist, Irwin Belk, and will cost $100,000. The statue was designed by the Jon Hair Studio of Fine Art near Cornelius, North Carolina and will be the largest bronze falcon statue in the world. The falcon statue was installed in November 2010 and became part of the Falcon Spirit Plaza at the front entrance of the Stroh Center.
Design and amenities.
The Stroh Center was designed by Rossetti Architects of Southfield, Michigan and the Cleveland office of the URS Group Inc. engineering firm. A major goal of the construction was to replicate the intimacy of Anderson Arena, while providing athletes and spectators the modern comforts of a state-of-the-art convocation center. To accommodate this the Stroh Center was built in a theatre-in-the-round design, providing an open walkway allowing spectators to walk completely around the facility without missing the event on the stadium floor. The arena also includes 88 courtside seats and the furthest seat in the arena, from the court, is only five feet further from the furthest seat at Anderson Arena. The seat widths at the Stroh Center range from 19–22 inches, while the largest seat at Anderson was only 18 inches. The arena also has four restrooms each at the north and south ends of the arena, two for women, one for men and one for families and provides four concession areas in the open walkways.
An auxiliary gym at the Stroh Center, called the Schmidthorst Pavilion, was paid for with a $1.7 million donation from Allen and Carol Schmidthorst, while the court for the gym was paid for with a $1 million donation from Bowling Green alumnus Larry Miles. The auxiliary practice gym built with the combined $2.7 million helps the men's and women's basketball teams avoid scheduling conflicts with the arena, an amenity that was not available at the Anderson Arena. The arena also includes four visiting team locker rooms that can accommodate multiple teams that allow it to support events such as high school basketball tournaments.
The main video board at the Stroh Center is high by wide with fixed sponsor elements and decorative cladding developed by Capturion Network LLC. The scoreboard hangs above the west basket and can operate as one large screen or be divided into multiple sections which have the ability to display real-time statistics, sponsor graphics, 3D animations and high definition live or recorded video. Along with the scoreboard, Capturion manufactured the scorer's tables and press row which also feature the company's latest technology. There also is a three-foot-by- "ribbon board" on the east end of the court with a variety of other scoreboards.
The Stroh Center also holds a prominently placed Hall of Fame to commemorate the history of athletics at Bowling Green State University that includes exhibits and display cases that hold items on a rotating basis. There is also a designated area within the arena for cataloging and storing items not currently on display. Before the facilities at the Stroh Center, almost all memorabilia and artifacts related to Bowling Green athletics since the university's opening in 1910 had been stored in boxes in a small room just off the lobby of Anderson Arena in Memorial Hall and voluntarily collected and stored by former Bowling Green men's soccer and lacrosse coach Mickey Cochrane, who is namesake for Mickey Cochrane Field which serves as the home of the Bowling Green Falcons men's and women's soccer teams.
Harold Anderson, former Bowling Green men's basketball coach and athletic director and namesake for the Stroh Center's predecessor Anderson Arena, is remembered with the Anderson Club. The Anderson Club consists of an approximately club area and chair back seating for roughly 400 fans. It includes hospitality areas, food and beverage service, high-definition televisions and areas to view the games. The Anderson Club area is located on the concourse level on the south side of the arena at mid-court and seating for fans extends to the floor-level row.
Notable events.
The Stroh Center held its first ticketed event, a concert by Christian rock band Sanctus Real, on August 13, 2011. The first Bowling Green athletic event at the new arena was a women's volleyball match between Bowling Green and Michigan State on September 9. The Bowling Green Falcons defeated the Spartans in four games, 3-1 with the attendance of 2,961 people. The men's basketball team played their first game at the Stroh Center on November 11, a 63–48 win over Howard in front of 3,476 fans. The women's team played their home opener against Purdue six days later, falling to the 20th-ranked Boilermakers 54–53 with 1,932 in attendance. 
The Stroh Center hosted a regular season game between the Bowling Green men's basketball team and the nationally prominent Michigan State men's basketball team during the 2012–13 men's basketball season and hosting first and second round games of the 2012 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19233971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233971" title="Victor Pépin">
Victor Pépin

Victor Adolphus Pépin (March 8, 1780 – 1845) was an American circus performer and circus owner most famous for being a partner in the Circus of Pépin and Breschard. The Circus of Pépin and Breschard can thus be considered the First American Circus and Pépin the first American circus impresario.
Biography.
Victor Adolphus Pépin, the eldest son of André Pepin, a Canadian who fought for the Americans in their Revolution against the British, was born in Albany, New York.
Victor was taken by his father to France in 1793 and returned to the United States with Jean Breschard in 1807.
Pépin was the probable cause of a riot centered around his circus in Pittsburgh in 1824.
In 1833, he was a member of John Charles Beales's Rio Grande Colony which helped colonize Texas.
Victor Pépin was a participant in the circus business from at least 1805 until 1831. He died in 1845 and is buried at Albany, Indiana in an unmarked grave.

</doc>
<doc id="19233989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233989" title="Juho Hänninen">
Juho Hänninen

Juho Ville Matias Hänninen (born July 25, 1981 in Punkaharju) is a Finnish rally driver. He is the 2010 Intercontinental Rally Challenge (IRC) champion and 2011 Super 2000 World Rally Championship (S-WRC) champion with co-driver Mikko Markkula driving a works entered Fabia S2000 for Red Bull Škoda. He also won the 2004 Group N Finnish Rally Championship title, and debuted in the World Rally Championship during the 2006 season.
Career.
Hänninen who was born in Punkaharju debuted in the Finnish Rally Championship in 2003, finishing eighth overall in the Group n (small Group N) standings. The next year, he won the title in the same class at the wheel of an Honda Civic Type R. In 2005, he finished second in the Group N class with a Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution VI.
Hänninen's first World Rally Championship event was the 2006 Swedish Rally, where he won the Group N class in his Lancer Evolution IX, and placed 15th overall. At his next rally, the Rally d'Italia Sardegna, Hänninen was again the fastest Group N driver and finished 14th overall. He competed in three more WRC events during the 2006 season, and achieved his best overall result at the Rally New Zealand, where he was ninth and second in the Group N class after Jari-Matti Latvala. In his debut in a World Rally Car in Finland, Hänninen was excluded for not wearing the correct fireproof underwear. At the season-ending Rally GB, Hänninen competed in a Super 1600 -class Citroën C2 and finished 19th overall, ahead of all the Junior World Rally Championship contestants.
In the 2007 season, Hänninen did a full six-event Production World Rally Championship (PWRC) programme in the Lancer Evolution IX. He initially won the Swedish Rally but was later disqualified for non-homologated fuel pumps. His best results then were a second place at the Rally GB and a third place in Argentina, and he placed fifth in the championship standings. He also competed in three World Rally Championship events in a Mitsubishi Lancer WRC05, taking his first WRC point by finishing eighth at the Rally d'Italia Sardegna.
In 2008, Hänninen is contesting the PWRC for the Ralliart New Zealand team. He won the Swedish Rally, also finishing eighth overall and taking his second WRC point, and the Rally Finland. He has also competed in two (IRC) events, taking fifth place with the Group N Lancer Evolution IX at the Rally Portugal and then winning his first rally in a Super 2000 car at the Rally Russia in a Peugeot 207 S2000.
In 2009, Hänninen contested the IRC for Škoda in a Škoda Fabia S2000, winning in Russia for the second year in succession and finishing sixth in the championship. Hänninen continued his relation with Škoda for the 2010 season. He became IRC champion after winning the 2010 Rally Scotland. He scored 3 wins, four 2nd places and three 3rd places and 62 points. Hänninen won Rally Argentina, Rally d´Italia Sardegna and Rally Scotland. Also as in 2009, Hänninen competed in 2010 Rally Finland driving a Škoda Fabia for the Red Bull Rally Team, winning the S-WRC class.
For 2011, Hänninen competed in both IRC and S-WRC, driving for the Red Bull Škoda team in the S-WRC. He became the S-WRC champion after winning the Rally Catalunya.
He took his first ever stage win in the World Rally Championship at the 2013 Monte Carlo Rally, setting the fastest time on stage nine. On 8 July, Hyundai confirmed that it had signed Hänninen as an official test driver to develop the Hyundai i20 WRC.

</doc>
<doc id="19233995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233995" title="Alf Harvey">
Alf Harvey

Alf Harvey (born c. 1854) was an English footballer who made one appearance for England as a full back in 1881.
Identity.
Football historians have had difficulty identifying the precise name and details of A. Harvey who played for the Wednesbury Strollers and for England against Wales in the third international between the countries in February 1881. His first name (Alf as well as Alfred) was published as long ago as 1890, in 'Triumphs Of The Football Field' an autobiography by Aston Villa's captain Archie Hunter.
The main contenders are: 
Research undertaken by the author of "englandfootballonline" has led him to assume that the most likely candidate is Alf Harvey, a tinplate worker born in Birmingham in the first quarter of 1854.
Football career.
He was registered with Wednesbury Strollers at the time of the international, and he later played representative football for Staffordshire. In his 1881 Football Annual, Charles Alcock described him as "a clever, hard-working back; dodges well."
He also played for Aston Villa, a fact confirmed by the Archie Hunter book: "Tom Bryan, who belonged to the Wednesbury Strollers . . . He had had for comrades at Wednesbury, Alfred Harvey and Eli Davis, who afterwards joined Villa". Later in same book: Alf Harvey played for Villa on 10 April 1883, and "Eli Davis and Alf Harvey, who were then the two finest left-wingers in the district".
From September 1883 to February 1884, he also played for Holte Villa. And contemporary newspapers show him playing for Birmingham Excelsior from October 1886 to October 1888.
Harvey was selected to play for England against Wales on 26 February 1881 at Alexandra Meadows, Blackburn. The English selectors had picked an inexperienced team with seven players making their debuts. Harvey came in as a replacement for Edwin Luntley, and his error led to the only goal of the game. According to the Blackburn Standard of 5 March 1881, "Tis true Harvey ought to have returned the leather, but he missed his kick entirely". And the same day's edition of the Wrexham Advertiser refers to "Harvey clean missing his kick". England were "a little over-confident against the Welsh, who recorded their first victory on English soil with a 1–0 success".
Family life.
Assuming this is the correct Alfred Harvey, he was married to Hannah Breedon in 1871, and censuses show that they lived in Aston, Birmingham in 1881, Kings Norton, Birmingham in 1891 and Balsall Heath, Birmingham in 1901. No details of his death can be found, although none was reported before 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19234017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234017" title="Benjamin Prime">
Benjamin Prime

Benjamin Young Prime (1733–1791) was an American poet, essayist, and songwriter. 
Prime was born on Long Island. He graduated from the College of New Jersey in 1751; he took his medical degree at Leyden. He wrote essays in Hebrew, Greek, Latin, French, and Spanish, and many songs and ballads which were very popular during the American Revolutionary War. Among his publications are "The Patriot Muse, or Poems on Some of the Principal Events of the Late War", by an American; "Columbia's Glory, or British Pride Humbled";" A Poem on the American Revolution"; "Muscipula Cambryomachia".

</doc>
<doc id="19234033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234033" title="Serkan Kurtuluş">
Serkan Kurtuluş

Fatih Serkan Kurtuluş (born 1 January 1990) is a Turkish football player who currently plays for Gençlerbirliği S.K. in the Turkish Süper Lig. He is the younger brother of Serdar Kurtuluş, who plays for Beşiktaş J.K..
Club career.
He transferred to Galatasaray on 3 September 2008, signing a five-year contract, having previously played for Bursaspor.
He made his first competitive debut for Galatasaray on 18 September 2008 in a match against AC Bellinzona, playing 73 minutes, and providing an assist for Harry Kewell's goal. He made his league debut for Galatasaray on 6 March 2009 in a match against his former club Bursaspor. He played his first game in the 2009–2010 season against Levadia Tallinn in Estonia, playing for 34 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19234036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234036" title="Institut de recherche de la sidérurgie">
Institut de recherche de la sidérurgie

The Institut de recherche de la sidérurgie (IRSID) is the old name of "ArcelorMittal Maizières" Research SA, a private research center related to the siderurgical society ArcelorMittal (originally (Usinor, then Arcelor)), situated at Maizières-lès-Metz, in Lorraine. It employs around 500 people, including more than 200 researchers.
This research site is specialized in the following domains:

</doc>
<doc id="19234051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234051" title="Ronald G. Sheppard">
Ronald G. Sheppard

Basic Information.
Ronald G. Sheppard was a member of the 37th Legislature in the Oklahoma House of Representatives, representing District 28 (consisting of mostly Seminole County). He ran against the District 28 Incumbent Ryan Kiesel in 2008 but lost.
Family.
Ronald G. Sheppard was born in 1939 to Lula and Geary Sheppard in Wetumka, Oklahoma. After completing high school at Wetumka, Ron attended East Central in Ada, Oklahoma. It was there that he met and married Wanda Lee Woody of Seminole, Oklahoma.
Ron and Wanda Lee had two children, Nova Dawn Bivens of Shreveport, Louisiana and Michelle Simmons of Tulsa, Oklahoma. Their four grandchildren are Lindsey Granados, Grant Bivens, Jessie Simmons, and Jamaie Simmons, and their only great-grandchild (so far) is Jordon Simmons.
Ron retired from teaching in 1995 to be Wanda Lee's primary care giver after she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. Wanda Lee died in 2000.
Ron married Lequita Martin of Seminole. Lequita's children are Kim Walls of Norfolk, Virginia and Kara Shook of Cyprus. Her grandchildren are Kord, Karsyn, Katy, and Kooper.

</doc>
<doc id="19234067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234067" title="KPEL-FM">
KPEL-FM

KPEL-FM (96.5 FM, "NewsTalk 96.5") is a radio station licensed to the community of Breaux Bridge, Louisiana, and serving the Lafayette, Louisiana, area. The station is owned by Townsquare Media and licensed to Townsquare Media of Lafayette, LLC. It airs a news/talk format.
The station was assigned the KPEL-FM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on March 16, 1999.
The station switched frequencies to 96.5 FM effective June 25, 2010.
Programming.
The station has a talk radio format. Local shows include Mornings with Ken and Bernie and the Afternoon Drive Home with Jeremy Lawrence. The rest of the schedule features several syndicated programs such as Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, "The Dennis Miller Show", "The Dave Ramsey Show" and The Louisiana based "Moon Griffon Show". The station shares news at the top of every hour featuring Fox News Radio along with business reports from Fox Business and The Wall Street Journal Report. In addition, there are local reports throughout the day. 
Newstalk 96.5 KPEL is a staple in the community and is the place people turn for up to the minute reports on happenings in Acadiana. They also have an active website that features local news and a chance to join with the "News Junkies" to win prizes and receive other benefits.

</doc>
<doc id="19234074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234074" title="Ted May">
Ted May

Ted May is an American television director.
Awards and nominations.
May has been nominated for twelve Daytime Emmy awards in the category Outstanding Directing in a Children's Series, for his work on "Sesame Street". He was nominated from 1995 to 2008, and won six times in 1995, 1998, 2002, 2004, 2005, and 2007. His first DE win was shared with Jon Stone, Lisa Simon, and Emily Squires.

</doc>
<doc id="19234085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234085" title="Xanadu (video game)">
Xanadu (video game)

, also known as Xanadu: Dragon Slayer II, is an action RPG developed by Nihon Falcom in 1985 for the X1, PC-8001, PC-8801, PC-9801, FM-7 and MSX computers. Enhanced remakes were released for the Sega Saturn, PC-9801 and Windows systems. It is the second in the "Dragon Slayer" series, preceded by "Dragon Slayer" and followed by "", though, as most games in the "Dragon Slayer" series, have no relation to each other outside of a few gameplay concepts.
"Xanadu" is notable for several reasons, including its sales record for computer games in Japan with over 400,000 copies sold there in 1985. It was also one of the foundations of the RPG genre, particularly the action RPG subgenre, featuring real-time action combat combined with full-fledged character statistics, innovative gameplay systems such as the Karma meter and individual experience for equipped items, and platform game elements combined with the dungeon crawl gameplay of its predecessor. It also had towns to explore and introduced equipment that change the player character's visible appearance, food that is consumed slowly over time and essential for keeping the player character alive, and magic used to attack enemies from a distance. The following year saw the release of "Xanadu Scenario II", an early example of an expansion pack.
Story.
The game begins with the player directly in control of the protagonist, with little to no introduction. To progress, one must speak with the king, who gives the player the bare essentials and a small amount of cash to train. After selecting which attributes to raise, the player must find his way out of the city and into the vast underground complex. Finding this exit is the first of many cryptic puzzles the player will encounter, though the game is not a puzzle game but an role-playing video game with puzzle game and adventure game-elements far ahead of its time.
Gameplay.
"Xanadu" features a unique gameplay system for its time; one which has aged well and continues to be unique in the face of newer ideas. Though it is a very difficult game, it provides many systems that can be used to the protagonist's advantage if used wisely.
Sequels.
"Xanadu" has a large set of followups, despite it being technically a sequel itself to "Dragon Slayer".
Movie.
A "Xanadu" OVA was released in 1987 in conjunction with the MSX version of the game and a manga, titled "Xanadu: The Legend of Dragon Slayer". The plot was expanded and altered, with the main character now having a name, Fieg (フィーグ), and several new cast members. The new plot elements included several science fiction themes. For example, Fieg is a 21st-century soldier from the near future who is dropped into Xanadu after a bloody surprise ambush in the beginning of the story.
A soundtrack to the movie was released on record, cassette, and compact disc shortly thereafter.
The manga follows the plot of the movie, and was drawn by Tsuzuki Kazuhiko (都築和彦), who also did work on Falcom's "Ys" and "Sorcerian" titles. It was republished as a 17 part serial webcomic by Falcom for the release of "Revival Xanadu" on the Falcom website, with accompanying music and an English translation.
Music.
In its original PC-8801 release, "Xanadu" features a small but effective selection of music composed by Toshiya Takahashi, most notably the hypnotic "La Valse Pour Xanadu", a 3/4 time waltz with a distinctive, haunting melody. A sped-up version is used for the battle scenes. The inside areas of buildings as well as boss encounters have separate songs as well. To promote the release of the game, Japanese heavy metal band Anthem released an LP with two image songs, appropriately titled "XANADU".
"Xanadu Scenario II", an expansion pack and sequel, featured a much larger set of songs, and as a whole matches the overall high quality of Falcom's songwriting abilities during the later 1980s. The soundtrack was composed by Takahito Abe and Yuzo Koshiro, who would compose the music for many of Falcom's later titles. Koshiro's compositions for the opening theme and several dungeons were taken from the demo tape he had first sent to Falcom at the age of 18. "Revival Xanadu" and "Revival Xanadu II", two loose remakes made by Falcom in the 1990s, feature their own unique soundtracks as well, also composed by Koshiro and Abe.
Aside from "Xanadu Next" and "Legend of Xanadu", no "Xanadu" titles have received a full, independent original soundtrack on compact disc, an odd move for Falcom. This is likely due to its release being very early in Falcom's life, before they had established a reputation. However, a soundtrack was released for both "Xanadu" and "Xanadu Scenario II" on a 12" "Vinyl Record Album", titled, "Xanadu Anthem". Selections from "Xanadu"'s music can be heard in various Falcom albums, and in 1987 "All Over Xanadu" was released, featuring arranged versions of "Xanadu" and "Scenario II"'s soundtrack being played by a rock band combined with a live orchestra and synthesizers. The main theme of the "Xanadu" franchise, "La Valse Pour Xanadu", has been featured in the PC-88 and PC-98 versions of "Xanadu" and remixed into several audio tracks in "Xanadu Next".
Legacy.
"Xanadu" was a pioneer in the game industry, and received critical praise from Japanese gaming magazines and a large fan base. To date, according to Falcom, its 1985 sales record of over 400,000 copies sold in Japan has yet to be broken by any role-playing personal computer game released in that country.
The influence of "Xanadu" and especially its predecessor has been felt in many games developed by Falcom and even other development houses which have copied the look and feel. "Ys" featured a similar but quicker and more complex "bump" system for combat used in ', ' and "Ys IV (SFC/PCE)", while some of the later "Dragon Slayer" games "", "Dragon Slayer IV" and "Sorcerian" all had similar side-scrolling viewpoints. It should be mentioned, however, that this bump system did not start with Xanadu itself, but rather with its predecessor, the original Dragon Slayer. Several smaller companies copied the "bump" system, mostly in obscure PC-8801 titles.
Dragon Slayer laid the foundations for the action role-playing game genre, influencing future series like "Hydlide", "Ys", and "The Legend of Zelda". Xanadu also was released before the aforementioned titles, with the exception of Hydlide, which was released between the original Dragon Slayer and Xanadu, but featured those influences nonetheless. "Xanadu" was an early real-time action RPG with full-fledged character statistics, and it introduced several innovative gameplay mechanics, such as the Karma morality system, individual experience for equipped items, a heavy emphasis on puzzle-solving, equipment that change the player character's visible appearance, food that is consumed slowly over time and is essential for keeping the player character alive, magic that can be used to attack enemies from a distance, and training facilities to improve various statistics. It also introduced a platformer-style side-scrolling view, including the ability to jump. The side-scrolling view is used during exploration and switches to the overhead view of its predecessor during battle, while certain rooms also use an overhead view.
The game's influence also extended beyond action RPGs, with the way the game reworked the entire game system considered an influence on "Final Fantasy", which would do the same for each of its installments, as its developer Square was previously the publisher for the MSX version of the original "Dragon Slayer". "Xanadu" is also considered a "proto-Metroidvania" game, due to being an "RPG turned on its side" that allowed players to run, jump, collect, and explore, laying the foundations for the more open-ended "Metroidvania" games "Faxanadu" and "Legacy of the Wizard". "Xanadu Scenario II", released in 1986, was an early example of an expansion pack. It was also non-linear, allowing the levels to be explored in any order.
"Xanadu" is the only title Falcom has given a complete commemorative re-release in its original 1980s packaging, and is considered one of Falcom's milestones, if not their defining title (although that has been completely and quickly superseded by the Ys series as their flagship franchise back when it was released, for decades to come, until today (2012)), to a generation of fans. Though they had various degrees of success with older titles, "Xanadu" was Falcom's breakthrough that brought them into the spotlight.
Historical references.
"Xanadu" features a number of references to historical locations and legends. The title "Xanadu" is a direct reference to the ancient city Xanadu and its mythological reputation. The protagonist will visit Shangri-La during the course of "Scenario II", among other locales. Many monsters are based on legendary and factual figures such as spriggan, samurai, hydra, and countless others.
Copyright infringement.
Originally, "Xanadu" contained artwork directly lifted from the manuals of the Origin Systems role-playing game '. This was not discovered by Origin and series creator Richard Garriott until they flew into Tokyo to have a meeting with Nihon Falcom about having Origin release "Xanadu" in the US, as well as having Falcom help with releasing a port of ' in Japan. During the presentation of the game, several digitized pictures from the manual of "Ultima III" appeared in various shops in the game. Upon seeing this, Garriott and Origin ended the meeting and decided to sue Falcom; the lawsuit was settled out of court and the artwork in the game was changed to what appears now.

</doc>
<doc id="19234090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234090" title="Venezuela at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Venezuela at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Venezuela sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="19234105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234105" title="Lawrence–Krammer representation">
Lawrence–Krammer representation

In mathematics the Lawrence–Krammer representation is a representation of the braid groups. It fits into a family of representations called the Lawrence representations. The 1st Lawrence representation is the Burau representation and the 2nd is the Lawrence–Krammer representation.
The Lawrence–Krammer representation is named after Ruth Lawrence and Daan Krammer.
Definition.
Consider the braid group formula_1 to be the mapping class group of a disc with "n" marked points formula_2. The Lawrence–Krammer representation is defined as the action of formula_1 on the homology of a certain covering space of the configuration space formula_4. Specifically, formula_5, and the subspace of formula_6 invariant under the action of formula_1 is primitive, free and of rank 2. Generators for this invariant subspace are denoted by formula_8. 
The covering space of formula_4 corresponding to the kernel of the projection map 
is called the Lawrence–Krammer cover and is denoted formula_11. Diffeomorphisms offormula_2 act on formula_2, thus also on formula_4, moreover they lift uniquely to diffeomorphisms of formula_11 which restrict to identity on the co-dimension two boundary stratum (where both points are on the boundary circle). The action of formula_1 on 
thought of as a 
is the Lawrence–Krammer representation. formula_19 is known to be a free formula_18-module, of rank formula_21.
Matrices.
Using Bigelow's conventions for the Lawrence–Krammer representation, generators for formula_19 are denoted formula_23 for formula_24. Letting formula_25 denote the standard Artin generators of the braid group, we get the expression:
formula_26
Faithfulness.
Stephen Bigelow and Daan Krammer have independent proofs that the Lawrence–Krammer representation is faithful.
Geometry.
The Lawrence–Krammer representation preserves a non-degenerate sesquilinear form which is known to be negative-definite Hermitian provided formula_8 are specialized to suitable unit complex numbers ("q" near "1" and "t" near "i"). Thus the braid group is a subgroup of the unitary group of formula_28-square matrices. Recently it has been shown that the image of the Lawrence–Krammer representation is dense subgroup of the unitary group in this case. 
The sesquilinear form has the explicit description:
\left\{
-q^2t^2(q-1) & i=k<j<l \text{ or } i<k<j=l \\
-(q-1) & k=i<l<j \text{ or } k

</doc>
<doc id="19234114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234114" title="Danny Jones (film)">
Danny Jones (film)

Danny Jones is a 1972 British drama film directed by Jules Bricken and starring Frank Finlay, Jane Carr and Len Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="19234121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234121" title="I Knew Jesus (Before He Was a Star)">
I Knew Jesus (Before He Was a Star)

I Knew Jesus (Before He Was a Star) is the 24th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1973.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States)
Singles - Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19234127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234127" title="Kłodzko Fortress">
Kłodzko Fortress

Kłodzko Fortress (, ) is a unique fortification complex of the Lower Silesian Voivodeship in southwestern Poland. The fortress once was one of the biggest strongholds in Prussian Silesia, however, in the whole German Empire, it was regarded as a minor one. Now, together with an extensive network of tunnels, it is one of the biggest attractions of the town of Kłodzko, with its underground labyrinth and a repository of for different objects, from old fire engines to local glassware.
History.
First mentions of existence of a stronghold placed on Kłodzko's Castle Hill come from the "Chronicle of Bohemians", written by Cosmas of Prague. Most probably, it was a complex of wooden buildings, protected with a palisade. Kłodzko itself is located along the strategic route between Wrocław and Prague, and its role as a trading point must have been significant since the early Middle Ages. In 1114 the stronghold was captured and destroyed by Czech troops under prince Soběslav, who at the same time reconquered the whole area.
In 1129 Soběslav rebuilt the town and placed a castellan there. Some time around 1300, a spacious castle was built on the hill, which became seat of the Kłodzko County. Gradually, the castle grew, a church and a chapel were added and in 1557, Lorenz Krischke, architect at the court of Prince Ernest of Bavaria, built the Lower Castle. In the 16th century, there were five wells in the castle with the oldest one from 1393. 
In 1622, during the Thirty Years' War, after the long siege, the fortress was captured by the Austrian Army. The city was besieged in June of that year, but for a long time resisted the attackers. Finally, the Austrians brought in two large cannons - the "Wingless Dragon" and the "Black Sow" to fire upon the walls of Glatz and the city surrendered on October 25. In subsequent years the Austrians modernized the fortress and replaced ancient fortifications with up-to-date bastions. 
In 1742, during the War of the Austrian Succession the city together with its stronghold was conquered by Prussia under Frederick II. The city itself surrendered on January 14, but the fortress, with 2000 soldiers, held out until April 25, when starvation made further resistance impossible. Out of the initial Austrian garrison of 2000, only 200 survived, "pale as shadows". The Prussians expanded the fortress, making it a defensive one. Major works continued during the Silesian Wars, until 1770, however, the fortress was not fully completed 200 years after the Austrians began to modernize it.
In the 19th century, the stronghold, which in 1807 was captured by the French Army supported by Bavarian troops became a prison. Interestingly enough, in early 19th century, due to economic depression, prisoners’ earnings in Glatz were so low that the administration would send a prisoner every Saturday to beg for help in the city. Among prisoners there, was a British Army captain Bertrand Stewart, who in 1911 was accused of espionage and released in 1913. During World War II, the stronghold was not only a prisoner-of-war camp, but a branch of the Gross-Rosen concentration camp.
Currently.
In 1945, the stronghold together with the city became part of Poland. The Kłodzko Fortress, as this is its Polish name, with little changes, looks like it did 200 years ago and it is one of the main tourist attractions of the city. Between May and October, it is open from 9:00 to 19:00 and in the winter, it is open from 9:00 to 16:00. From its top, there is a magnificent view of the Kłodzko Valley. It is also possible to visit the cellars, with an impressive labyrinth of the underground corridors, excavated in the 19th century by prisoners of war. 
The stronghold’s complex covers the area of 17 hectares. Its lower walls are 11 meters thick, and the upper walls are around four meters. According to some sources, it is the largest and the best preserved fortress of its kind in Poland. 

</doc>
<doc id="19234131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234131" title="Ogün Sanlısoy">
Ogün Sanlısoy

Ogün Sanlısoy is a Turkish rock musician and pioneer among Turkish heavy metal vocalists.
Biography.
Born in Gölcük, Kocaeli, Turkey in 1971, he graduated from Mimar Sinan University as an industrial product designer. His debut concert was an acoustic concert in which he performed with acoustic instruments with his friend Kubilay Özvardar.
He joined Mezarkabul (in Turkey widely known as Pentagram) in 1992 and contributed to the album Trail Blazer. After serving the band for three years, he was declared the best rock vocalist by two Turkish Rock magazines.
In 1995, he left to band to pursue his solo career but joined the band Klips, which had a softer tune than Mezarkabul. He also contributed to Özlem Tekin's debut album, "Kime Ne".
In 2006, he worked with his former band mates Tarkan Gözübüyük and Metin Türkcan on his new album, Üç.

</doc>
<doc id="19234133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234133" title="Beth Levin">
Beth Levin

Beth Levin (December 17, 1950) is an American classical pianist in the Romantic tradition of her teachers Marian Filar, Rudolf Serkin, Leonard Shure, and Dorothy Taubman at the Taubman Institute. Levin is devoted to the highly expressive and demanding repertoire of Beethoven, Schumann, Chopin, Brahms, Rachmaninoff, and Ravel, as well as to the work of leading modernists such as David Del Tredici, Alexander Goretzky, Louis Karchin, and Scott Wheeler.
Early influences.
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Levin's fascination with music developed from the age of 3, when she first began piano lessons. Levin says: "Some of my earliest memories are of playing as my father sang. We were fortunate to have a brilliant pianist living just around the corner: Cecille Sharlip, who had emigrated from Europe to study at the Curtis Institute of Music. Sharlip guided me until I was 12, at which time she suggested I audition for the great Chopin interpreter Marian Filar, who was then teaching at the Settlement Music School (Philadelphia). I absorbed a sense of musical tradition that has never left me."
Working with Filar, himself a former student of Walter Gieseking, led to Levin winning at the age of 12 an audition to perform with the Philadelphia Orchestra. Four years later, she again appeared with that orchestra.
Musical education.
At the age of 17, Levin successfully auditioned for Serkin, then a professor of piano and director of the Curtis Institute. Levin said: “Mr. Serkin was an inspiration the moment he walked into a room, a single word evoking the eloquence of a poem.” Other teachers at Curtis included chamber musicians Arnold Steinhardt and David Soyer, first violinist and cellist, respectively, of the Guarneri Quartet. Levin completed her academic work as a Boston University student of Leonard Shure, who was in turn a student and teaching assistant of the great Beethoven interpreter Artur Schnabel. "I recall Shure asking me at the audition why I made music. 'Because I love it,' I said simply. He suggested we start lessons that very day."
Performing career.
As a freshly minted performer, Levin undertook years of travel, both within the United States and abroad. Branching out into as many performing roles as possible, she appeared as a soloist, chamber music participant, and concerto soloist. As an artist in the “Music From Marlboro” program (an offshoot of the Marlboro Music School and Festival and the Curtis Institute), Levin worked with pianist Paul Badura-Skoda, violinist Sandor Vegh, founder of the renowned Vegh Quartet, and bassist Julius Levine. She appeared in other chamber music venues, accompanying Raphael Hillyer of the Juilliard Quartet and flutist Paula Robison.
Still in her early 20s, Levin appeared as piano concerto performer with the Boston Symphony Orchestra led by Arthur Fiedler, the Seattle Symphony led by American musician and conductor Milton Katims, and the Boston Philharmonic led by Benjamin Zander.
European travel led Levin to Spain, Iceland, Serbia, and Turkey. In Iceland, where she continues to appear yearly as soloist, she founded and played for 10 years with Trio Borealis as well as with members of the Icelandic Symphony. She traveled throughout Spain as a member of the trio. She gave master classes in Serbia and Turkey under the aegis of the U.S. State Department.
New York.
Establishing herself in New York, Levin studied with pre-eminent piano mentor Dorothy Taubman. Levin gave recitals at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, Steinway Hall, and the Metropolitan Museum of Art. She worked with members of the New York Philharmonic and recorded with other Marlboro musicians for Columbia Masterworks Records. Concerts throughout the U.S. featured work with such chamber ensembles as the Audubon Quartet and the Vermeer Quartet. Levin is one of five musicians who comprise Vista Lirica, a chamber group devoted to the cause of environmentalism and the music of the Romantics.
As part of her continued commitment to contemporary composers, Levin collaborated with Del Tredici to perform his “Ballad in Yellow.” Levin has appeared in broadcast interviews and performances on radio stations WNYC, WNYE, and WQXR in New York, WFMT in Chicago, and WGBH in Boston. She conducted American master classes at such institutions as New York University and The College of William & Mary.
Recent recordings.
Among Levin's recordings are "A Single Breath: Beethoven's Last Three Piano Sonatas" (Navona Records, 2013), Beethoven's "Diabelli Variations" (Centaur Records, 2011) and Bach's "Goldberg Variations" (Centaur Records, 2008). "Revelatory", commented Richard Brody in "The New Yorker" on Levin's approach to the Beethoven sonatas, adding that the pianist had "conveyed the sense of being in the vicariously conjured presence of Beethoven himself."
Jeremy Eichler, in a review in "The New York Times" on June 10, 2005, described Levin's pianism thus: "Ms. Levin the ear engaged with boldly inflected readings and an impressive ability to convey emotion without exhibition."

</doc>
<doc id="19234154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234154" title="National PACE Association">
National PACE Association

National PACE Association is an association in the United States which promotes home care for senior citizens who need chronic care as an alternative to institutional care. 
PACE stands for Programs of All-inclusive Care for the Elderly.
The National PACE Association is a membership driven advocacy and quality improvement organization that represents over 85 organizations, that care for over 27,000 individuals in 29 states. These Programs of All-inclusive Care of the Elderly (PACE) provide a comprehensive array of services to frail adults over age 55 who would be, could be or should be in a nursing home, if not for the services and support provided by the programs. While home care is one of the provided services, this is not merely a home care program. Instead it is a managed care organization that not only provides the full array of both Medicare and Medicaid services available to frail seniors, but also pays for those approved services for enrolled participants when the interdisciplinary team of professionals (IDT) identifies the services as needed. This program provides services from necessary prescription drugs and medical equipment and supplies, to adult day care and socialization, medical and nursing care, social services, rehabilitation therapies and short term or long term nursing home placement and even hospitalizations, diagnostic testing, surgeries, medical specialty care and other needed services. In fact, while all participants in the program must have the medical and functional needs to make them nursing home eligible, a very small percentage of PACE participants actually ever live in a nursing home short or long term. The program and its professionals partner with participants and their family caregivers to provide support in the community that prevents unnecessary hospitalizations, supports independence and wellness, encourages socialization and physical activity as a means to better health and provides necessary assistance with medical care, activities of daily living and caregiver support. 

</doc>
<doc id="19234156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234156" title="USS West Carnifax (ID-3812)">
USS West Carnifax (ID-3812)

USS "West Carnifax" (ID-3812) was a cargo ship in the United States Navy shortly after World War I. After she was decommissioned from the Navy, the ship was known as SS "West Carnifax", SS "Exford", and SS "Pan Royal (or sometimes Pan-Royal") in civilian service under American registry.
"West Carnifax" was one of the "West" boats, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built for the on the West Coast of the United States. The ship was the first ship built at Southwestern Shipbuilding in San Pedro, California, and was launched in October 1918 and delivered to the US Navy upon completion in late December. After commissioning, "West Carnifax" sailed from California with a load of wheat flour for the East Coast of the United States and, from there, to Europe. When she docked at Hamburg, Germany, in March 1919, she became the first American ship to dock at Hamburg since before the start of World War I. At the conclusion of her trip to Germany she was decommissioned and returned to the .
"West Carnifax" sailed to European ports for a time and in South American service for the American Republics Line while under ownership. After her sale for operation by the American Export Lines in 1928, she began sailing in Mediterranean service. After a rename to SS "Exford" later in 1928, she was used on a cargo service to Soviet Black Sea ports, and became the first American ship to dock in the Soviet Union since World War I. After a brief stint in intercoastal service, the ship was renamed "Pan Royal" in 1933 for service with a subsidiary of the Waterman Steamship Company. In convoy sailing during World War II, "Pan Royal" made two roundtrips between the United States and the United Kingdom, and one roundtrip to North Africa. At the beginning of her second voyage to Africa in February 1943, "Pan Royal" was accidentally rammed by two other convoy ships and sunk. Eight crewmen lost their lives in the accident.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the United States Shipping Board (USSB) for emergency use during World War I. All were given names that began with the word "West", like "West Carnifax", the first of some 18 "West" ships built by Southwestern Shipbuilding.
"West Carnifax" (Southwestern Shipbuilding No. 1) was laid down on 17 July as the first ship of the new Southwestern Shipbuilding shipyard. She was launched at 09:30 on 19 October 1918 by sponsor Marcoreta Hellman, the six-year-old daughter of yard superintendent Marco Hellman. When "West Carnifax" was delivered to the United States Navy upon completion in late December, the "Los Angeles Times" heralded the 134-workday completion time as a "world record" for the completion of a new ship in a new shipyard.
"West Carnifax" was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. "West Carnifax" had a steel hull, a mean draft of , and a displacement of 12,211 t. The ship had a single triple-expansion steam engine that drove a single screw propeller, and moved the ship at up to .
Military career.
USS "West Carnifax" (ID-3812) was commissioned into the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS) at San Pedro, California, on 31 December 1918 with Lieutenant Commander Robert H. Cowan, USNRF, in command. "West Carnifax" sailed from San Pedro on 4 January 1919 for San Francisco, where she took on an initial load of flour. She sailed for Norfolk, Virginia, on 31 January, and arrived at Hampton Roads on 15 March.
Setting out four days later, "West Carnifax" was slated to sail to Danzig via Falmouth and the Hook of Holland, but was diverted en route. When she arrived at her new destination of Hamburg on 25 March, she became the first American ship to dock in that city since before World War I had begun over years before. When she had completed unloading her cargo of flour, noted as the "choicest California flour" by onlookers, she sailed for New Orleans by way of Plymouth on 2 April. On 9 May, four days after her arrival at New Orleans, "West Carnifax" was decommissioned and returned to the .
Interwar years.
Incomplete information is available regarding "West Carnifax"s activities after her return to the in 1919. One incident of note was reported in "The New York Times" on February 1922. The news item reported that "West Carnifax", while heading from Rotterdam to Galveston, Texas, ran short of provisions and fuel and had to be towed into New York by United States Coast Guard cutter . By late 1923, "West Carnifax" had been laid up at Norfolk, Virginia, but was reactivated and reconditioned in February 1924. In early 1925, "West Carnifax" had begun sailing for American Republics Lines, a -owned line that sailed in South American service. "West Carnifax" sailed in this service into 1927 and called at ports like Buenos Aires and Santos.
In early 1928, "West Carnifax" was sold to the Export Steamship Corporation for operation under their American Export Lines brand. In the first half of that year, "West Carnifax" was sailing in New York – Mediterranean service. While near the Azores sailing from Alexandria, Egypt, to Boston in October, "West Carnifax" responded to an SOS from the American tanker which reported being in trouble during a storm. According to a report in the "Los Angeles Times", when the cargo ship arrived at the specified location after steaming overnight, no trace of the crew was found; only oil slicks and a floating vegetable box were found on the surface. In October the following year, under her new name of SS "Exford", the ship docked at the Soviet Black Sea port of Novorossiysk to deliver a cargo of machinery and became the first American ship to dock at a Soviet port since the end of World War I. "Exford" remained in Black Sea service into 1931.
In August 1933, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that the Shepard Line had secured a year-long charter of "Exford" for their expanded intercoastal service between North Atlantic ports and the Pacific ports of Los Angeles; San Francisco; Portland, Oregon; and Seattle. Later in 1933, the ship was renamed "Pan Royal" to reflect the naming style of her new owners, the Pan-Atlantic Steamship Company, a subsidiary of Waterman Steamship Company. The Pan-Atlantic Line sailed in coastal service along the Atlantic and Gulf coasts, and it is likely that "Pan Royal" called at typical Pan-Atlantic ports such as Baltimore, Miami, Tampa, New Orleans, Philadelphia, New York, and Boston from this time.
At 03:50 on 24 September 1934, Cunard-White Star ocean liner collided with "Pan Royal" in a thick fog off the tip of Cape Cod. "Pan Royal" developed a leak and had to return to Boston, from which she had left for Galveston, Texas, the previous day. "Laconia", leaving Boston after debarking 225 passengers, also had damage but proceeded to her destination of New York under her own power. No one was injured on either ship. Elvar R. Callaway, master of "Pan Royal", claimed that "Laconia" could have avoided the collision by proper steering; "Laconia"s master, B. B. Orum, contended that the collision was unavoidable because of the "impenetrable haze".
In November 1939, "Pan Royal" was one of 21 ships that had been idled because of a strike by 5,000 longshoremen in New York. In June the following year, "The Christian Science Monitor" reported that "Pan Royal" had been engaged to return "Big Joe" to the Soviet Union. "Big Joe" was a nickname given to the Soviet worker holding a red star in his up-stretched hand. The statue had graced the column in front of the Soviet Socialist Republics Building at the New York World's Fair during the 1939 fair season. The Soviet pavilion was dismantled prior to the 1940 fair season after popular American opinion turned against the Soviet Union because of its November 1939 invasion of Finland. As part of the dismantling, "Big Joe" had been warehoused in Hoboken, New Jersey, but prevented from export by a United States Maritime Commission ruling enforcing a "moral embargo" that prohibited the charter of American ships on behalf of the Soviet Union.
World War II.
In June 1942, seven months after the United States had entered World War II, "Pan Royal" made two roundtrips in transatlantic convoys between Boston and the United Kingdom via Halifax. While in the UK during her second visit, the ship had called at Belfast Lough, Barry, and Milford Haven before returning to New York in October. In mid November, "Pan Royal" sailed from Hampton Roads, Virginia, to Casablanca, and returned in mid-January 1943.
On 7 February 1943, "Pan Royal" departed Hampton Roads in Convoy UGS-5 for North Africa. Two days out, "Pan Royal" was accidentally rammed by both the Norwegian cargo ship "Evita" and the American Liberty ship . "Pan Royal" sank at position with the loss of eight men. Her 54 survivors were rescued by US Navy destroyer .

</doc>
<doc id="19234160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234160" title="Patalekhet">
Patalekhet

Patalekhet is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3516 in 621 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234163" title="Private Potter">
Private Potter

Private Potter is a 1962 British drama film directed by Caspar Wrede and starring Tom Courtenay, Mogens Wieth, Ronald Fraser, and James Maxwell.
Plot.
The eponymous Private Potter is a soldier who claims that the reason he cried out leading to the death of a comrade was that he saw a vision of God. There is then a debate over whether he should be court-martialled.
Production.
The screenplay was written by Ronald Harwood for a television play that was broadcast on ITV in 1961 as an ITV Television Playhouse production and featured the same main cast. Finnish-born director Caspar Wrede first spotted Tom Courtenay while he was still at RADA and the leading role of the fragile young soldier who wilts under pressure was his first film appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="19234186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234186" title="Mike van der Zanden">
Mike van der Zanden

Mike van der Zanden (born March 9, 1987 in Tilburg) is a Dutch paraplegic swimmer.
Van der Zanden represented the Netherlands at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Paralympics in Athens and Beijing. In Athens he won the bronze medal at the 100 m freestyle in the S10 class. Four years later in Beijing he finished second in his qualification heat at the 100m butterfly behind David Julian Levecq. His time of 59.97 seconds was the fourth time overall and he qualified for the final. In the final Andre Brasil from Brazil swam a new world record of 56.47 seconds, but Van der Zanden improved his time to 59.39 seconds, again behind Levocq, but in front of Benoît Huot to win his second Paralympic bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19234189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234189" title="An Là">
An Là

An Là ("The Day") is a Scottish Gaelic-language news programme broadcast on the Gaelic-language channel, BBC Alba. The programme, based at BBC Alba's newsroom in Inverness, began at 8pm on Monday 22 September 2008 and provides a 30-minute bulletin of Scottish, British and international news for Gaelic speakers on weeknights. The Sunday night review programme, composed of highlights from the week's bulletins as well as material from "Eòrpa", called "Seachd Là", began at 6.30pm on Sunday 28 September 2008. 
"An Là" is presented from Studio G at the BBC in Inverness, but output through Studio C Gallery in BBC Pacific Quay. "Seachd Là", weather and the An Là sports news all come from BBC Pacific Quay in Glasgow.
"An Là" is the first daily television news programme to be broadcast in Scots Gaelic since the axing of Grampian Television's "Telefios" bulletins in 2000.
"An Là" was shortlisted in the Best Current Affairs category at the 2009 Celtic Media Festival.
The Team.
Reporters.
Stornoway
Argyll
Skye
Uist
Inverness
Glasgow
Scottish Parliament

</doc>
<doc id="19234190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234190" title="Shirak">
Shirak

Shirak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19234193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234193" title="Triumph Tiger Cub">
Triumph Tiger Cub

The Triumph Tiger Cub was a 200 cc single-cylinder British motorcycle made by Triumph Motorcycles at their Meriden factory. Based on the "Triumph T15 Terrier" 150 cc, itself a surprise announcement just before the 1952 show, the 200 cc T20 Tiger Cub designed by Edward Turner and launched at the Earls Court show in November 1953 competed well against the other small-capacity motorcycles of the time, such as those using Villiers two-stroke engines.
Development.
The first T20 Tiger Cub (1954-1956) was derived from the 150 cc Triumph T15 Terrier (1953-1956) with the same frame and forks.
The earlier version of the Cub used the Terrier's plunger rear suspension frame, but from 1957 this was updated to a more-modern pattern of rear swinging-arm with twin suspension units. The ignition points were positioned in a 'distributor'-type device on the crankcase behind the cylinder. A later development in 1963 was to site the points at a more conventional location on the end of the camshaft, accessed via a chrome cover below the base of the cylinder.
The "Sports Cub" designated T20SH featured slimline mudguards, no rear panelling or headlamp nacelle and with a higher compression ratio and other engine modifications was timed at 74mph mean maximum by Motor Cycle magazine.
Off-road versions produced with high level exhaust, altered suspension and studded tyres, were designated TS20 "Scrambles Cub" and TR20 "Trials Cub".
The last model made was the T20 Super Cub, which, for economy of production cost, used a basic frame and other parts common to the BSA Bantam D10 including larger diameter wheels with full-width hubs. Launched in November 1966, it was discontinued in 1968.
Unloved design features.
The top frame tube of the Tiger Cub was lower than normal, leaving the headstock poorly supported. Some rigidity was recovered by internal bracing of the petrol tank. A plain bearing on the timing side main bearing sometimes wore rapidly. The primary chain ran in a shallow oil-bath but if the level dropped, the chain could suffer lubrication failure and stretch. The chain was not tensioned - and even worse, the primary chain case on early models was a slightly 'waisted' shape. A worn chain could strike both the inside of the cover and the crankcase itself, making the oil-level even more difficult to maintain in the future. Another common complaint was that the Cub would travel at highway speed (50mph) for 1/2 hour and then stop unexpectedly. Some attributed this to overheating, but a cure was never found.
Legislative boost.
In 1961, the driving licence law for Triumph's home market in Great Britain was changed, restricting learner motorcyclists to a maximum of 250cc. The Tiger Cub became one of the most popular ways of getting onto two wheels.

</doc>
<doc id="19234204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234204" title="Tyre headquarters bombings">
Tyre headquarters bombings

The Tyre truck bombings, also known as the Tyre disaster, were two suicide bombings against the Israel Defense Forces' headquarters building in Tyre, Lebanon, in 1982 and 1983. The blasts killed 103 Israelis and 46–59 Lebanese, wounding 95 people and were some of the worst losses ever for the IDF. Israel believes both to be the responsibility of Hezbollah.
First bombing.
After invading Lebanon in June, the Israeli military set up command posts to run the cities they occupied. On November 11, 1982, a Peugeot car packed with explosives struck the seven-story building being used by the Israeli military to govern Tyre. The explosion leveled the building and killed 75 Israeli soldiers, border policemen, and Shin Bet agents. In addition, anywhere from 14–27 Lebanese and Palestinian prisoners that were being held by Israel were killed. Twenty-seven Israelis and 28 Arabs were injured.
The Israeli government said soon after the blast, and insists to this day, that the explosion was an accident resulting from gas cylinders exploding. This is contrary to the three witnesses who saw the Peugeot speed to the building, the identification of the car's parts in the rubble of the building, and the existence of a Shin Bet report detailing the Hezbollah preparations for the bombing.
There is also a monument near Baalbek, Lebanon dedicated to 17-year-old Ahmad Qassir, the suicide bomber responsible for the attack.
Second bombing.
Almost exactly a year later, a nearly identical bombing happened in Tyre. A suicide bomber drove a pickup truck filled with explosives into a Shin Bet building at an army base in Tyre. The explosion killed 28 Israelis and 32 Lebanese prisoners, and wounded about 40 others.

</doc>
<doc id="19234209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234209" title="Tapanilan Erä">
Tapanilan Erä

Tapanilan Erä is a Finnish sports club that was founded in 1933, with various teams in different disciplines. It is one of Finland's largest sporting clubs.
Floorball.
The club's department of floorball was founded in 1990. In terms of licenced players, Erä's department of floorball is the fifth largest floorball club in Finland with 628 licenced players. Both the men's and women's teams play in the Finland's top floorball league, Salibandyliiga. The club also has 9 junior teams (5 boys, 4 girls).
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19234226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234226" title="The Spare Tyres">
The Spare Tyres

The Spare Tyres is a 1967 British short comedy film directed by Michael J. Lane and featuring Terence Alexander, Judy Franklin, Pauline Yates, and Frank Finlay. Dennis and his wife move to a new house. Discovering a set of tyres in the garage, he spends the rest of the day trying to get rid of them.

</doc>
<doc id="19234236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234236" title="Shō Ten">
Shō Ten

Biography.
Shō Ten was born in Shuri and was from birth crown prince to the Ryūkyū Kingdom. He underwent his coming of age ceremony in 1878 and was married the same year.
In March 1879, his father Shō Tai formally abdicated upon the orders of the Meiji government, which abolished the kingdom, transforming "Ryūkyū domain" into Okinawa Prefecture, with officials appointed from Tokyo to administer the islands The former king was ordered to report to Tokyo, but feigning illness, he temporarily found shelter at Shō Ten’s palace. Shō Ten was sent to Tokyo as a hostage and partial appeasement as Ryūkyūan officials searched for ways to delay the former king’s departure.
Following his father's death and his succession as Marquis and head of the Shō family in 1901, Shō Ten and his family gave up the trappings of traditional Ryūkyūan royal court life, costume, court language, and ritual, and adopted those of the Japanese peerage.
As Marquis, Shō Ten held a hereditary seat in the House of Peers in the Imperial Diet. He was joined in representing Okinawa by a Japanese resident appointed to represent the prefecture's wealthiest taxpayers for the first time in 1918.
The Marquis died on September 20, 1920 in his mansion in Shuri and was entombed six days later in Tamaudun, the royal mausoleum near Shuri Castle, in accordance with traditional Ryūkyūan royal funerary rites. He would be the last member of the Shō family to be honored in such a manner. The family head was succeeded by his eldest son Shō Shō (尚昌), then to Hiroshi Shō.

</doc>
<doc id="19234249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234249" title="Carl Alford">
Carl Alford

Carl Alford is a former English professional footballer who played for Burnley, Stockport County, Morecambe, Rochdale, and Macclesfield Town and Kettering. His move from Kettering Town to Rushden & Diamonds for £85,000 was at the time a record transfer fee between non-League clubs.
While hugely disappointing at Rushden he moved on to Dover Athletic, Stevenage Borough, Doncaster Rovers, Kettering Town and Yeovil Town where he won the FA Trophy in 2002. After being released he journeyed to many clubs including Nuneaton Borough, Gainsborough Trinity, Leigh RMI, Woodley Sports and ending his career at New Mills in 2007.
Career.
In 1988 at the age of 16, Carl made his debut as a substitute for Rochdale but failed to impress and was later released. After periods at both Burnley and Stockport County, plus a loan period at Morecambe, he made the decision to drop down to non-league football, joining Witton Albion where his knack for goal-scoring flourished. In the summer of 1993, he joined Macclesfield Town of the Conference for a fee of £1,700,the goals that he scored for Witton and Macclesfield are not shown in his Conference goals total.He then joined Kettering Town for £25,000 the following summer.
After scoring 54 goals for Kettering Town in 18 months, Rushden & Diamondsoffer of £85,000, a non-league record, was enough to persuade the Poppies to sell their prize asset and he arrived at Nene Park at the end of March 1996. He made his debut in against promotion rivals Halesowen Town on 30 March 1996, scoring Diamonds goal in the 1–2 defeat.
He was dropped after just five games at the start of the 1997/98 season and was loaned to Dover Athletic in February 1998. He was recalled and sold to Stevenage Borough on a free transfer in April. Carl scored more than a goal a game at Stevenage, and was snapped up by Doncaster Rovers in May 2000 for £50,000. After a period on loan back at Kettering Town in January 2001, he joined Yeovil Town in the summer helping them to lift the FA Trophy in 2002. The following season, he left the Glovers in December 2002 and joined Nuneaton Borough. He went on to play for Gainsborough Trinity, Woodley Sports, Leigh RMI and Nuneaton Borough (again) and was last noted playing for North West Counties League side New Mills AFC in the 2006/07 season.
Alford recently passed his UEFA B coaching licence & is looking to enter the game once again but this time as a coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19234254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234254" title="Okkodo High School">
Okkodo High School

Okkodo High School (also known as Ukudu High School and Wettengel High School) is a public secondary school located in Dededo, Guam (an insular area of the United States). It is a part of the Guam Public School System.
History.
The opening of the school was delayed in August 2008. The school opened on August 21, 2008. Upon its opening, Okkodo High School had 1,500 students, 300 students more than originally intended. On December 9, 2008 a riot at Okkodo led to ten students sustaining injuries. Nerissa Bretania-Shafer, the superintendent of Guam Public School System, opened an inquiry as to why no one called emergency medical units.

</doc>
<doc id="19234269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234269" title="Glasgow City Heliport">
Glasgow City Heliport

Glasgow City Heliport is a heliport located in Glasgow, Scotland, approximately from the City Centre. The Heliport is located at Stobcross Quay, within the grounds of the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre and directly across the River Clyde from the Glasgow Science Centre and BBC Scotland's Pacific Quay Studios.
The heliport is owned and operated by Bond Air Services and is the operating base for the Strathclyde Police air support unit ("Victor Mike 7-0") and The Scottish Ambulance Service "Helimed 5" helicopter. These units are operated by Bond under contract and both consist of a Eurocopter EC-135. The heliport can also handle an amount of passenger traffic, especially during major events at the nearby SECC. The ground facilities consist of a maintenance hangar building and parking for 5 small to medium sized helicopters.
Aircraft permanently operating from Glasgow City Heliport are:
Future.
Due to development proposals for the SECC & surrounding area including construction of a hotel, casino and associated parking there is a requirement to relocate the heliport, with a site near the South entrance to the Clyde Tunnel being the preferred option. Planning permission is currently being sought to develop a derelict site situated between Linthouse Road and Holmfauld Road in Govan, Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="19234274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234274" title="Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air rifle">
Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air rifle

Following a recent tradition, the women's 10 metre air rifle competition was the first medal event concluded at the 2000 Summer Olympics. It was held on 16 September, the day after the opening ceremony, with the 40-shot qualification round between 09:00 and 10:15 Australian Eastern Standard Time (UTC+10), and the final round of 10 additional shots at 11:00. Kang Cho-hyun equalled the Olympic record in the qualification round but lost her two-point pre-final lead to Nancy Johnson, who thus won the first Sydney gold medal for the United States.
Records.
The existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Qualification round.
−2p 2 points deducted (scoring protest turned down) – EOR Equalled Olympic record – Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="19234282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234282" title="List of news presenters">
List of news presenters

This is a list of news presenters by nationality.
List of news presenters by nationality.
Chinese news anchors.
The following are announcers on CCTV's "Xinwen Lianbo", the official national news programme in mainland China:

</doc>
<doc id="19234302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234302" title="FestivaLink presents Cowan, Scott, Flynn at Wintergrass 2/23/07">
FestivaLink presents Cowan, Scott, Flynn at Wintergrass 2/23/07

FestivaLink presents Cowan, Scott, Flynn at Wintergrass 2/23/07 is a live album by John Cowan, Darrell Scott, & Pat Flynn, released by FestivaLink.net in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19234356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234356" title="Centre for Surface Transportation Technology">
Centre for Surface Transportation Technology

The Centre for Surface Transportation Technology (CSTT) conducts surface transportation research, development engineering and vehicle and systems testing of rail and road transportation.[http://cstt-ctts.nrc-cnrc.gc.ca/eng/main.html] Since 1995, CSTT has operated as an autonomous, self-supporting institute within the National Research Council (NRC).
R&D, engineering, and testing areas.
—Heavy vehicle research and engineering design—Development and prototyping support for vehicle systems—Suspension optimization and anaysis—Mobility analysis and enhancement—Rail vehicle / track anaysis and solutions—Preventative maintenance solutions and refurbishment programs—Dynamic and structural computer modeling, analysis and software solutions—Field and laboratory testing—Problem characterization and solution—Environmental simulation and analysis—Testing and consulting for improving the performance of vehicles and their components under severe climatic conditions from -45 C to +55 C
-- Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) design and test engineering—Power management systems design and development—Custom communications cable manufacturing—Technical documentation.
Main campus.
CSTT is located on a campus located near the Ottawa International Airport. Facilities include:
-- a climatic chamber (the largest with rail access in Canada)
-- a heavy vehicle tilt facility—a rail vehicle impact ramp—a massive sqeeze and tesion frame—vibration testing facilities for vehicles, sub-assemblies and components—facilities to test wheels, railway trucks, bearings and brakes—heavy vehicles workshops.
Proving grounds.
Off-road testing is conducted at a proving grounds in Ottawa's east end. The calibrated test course includes:
-- paved high-speed tracks—soft soil—rock outcroppings—Belgian pave—granite blocks—30 to 60 percent slopes—20, 30 and 40 percent side slopes—a concrete sine wave course, and—a frame twister.
References.
Annual report / Centre for Surface Transportation Technology. -- : National Research Council Canada, Centre for Surface Transportation Technology, 1993-
Utilization of recycled tire rubber in asphalt pavements : progress report on literature and patent research / authors, Ludo Zanzotto, Otto Svec ; prepared by Bituminous Materials Group at Novacor Research and Technology Corporation and Centre for Surface Transportation Technology, National Research Council of Canada. -- : Novacor Research and Technology Corporation, 1993.
Computer simulation analysis of Canadian logging trucks = Analyse de simulation informatique des camions forestiers au Canada / X. Tong, B. Tabarrok, M. El-Gindy. -- : National Research Council Canada, Centre for Surface Transportation Technology, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19234362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234362" title="Pokhari Chauri">
Pokhari Chauri

Pokhari Chauri is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3879 in 609 individual households. It lies in the border of Ramechhap and kavrepalanchowk district. It is about 150 km away from the capital of Nepal, Kathmandu

</doc>
<doc id="19234364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234364" title="KPEL (AM)">
KPEL (AM)

KPEL (1420 AM, "ESPN 1420") is a radio station licensed to serve Lafayette, Louisiana. The station is owned by Townsquare Media and licensed to Townsquare Media of Lafayette, LLC. It airs a sports radio format featuring programming from ESPN Radio.
The station was assigned the KPEL call letters by the Federal Communications Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19234376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234376" title="Pokhari Narayansthan">
Pokhari Narayansthan

Pokhari Narayansthan is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3106 in 535 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234388" title="Puranogaun Dapcha">
Puranogaun Dapcha

Puranogaun Dapcha is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1914 in 343 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234396" title="Ravi Opi">
Ravi Opi

Ravi Opi is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3516 in 575 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234411" title="Rayale">
Rayale

Rayale is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4117 in 772 individual households..

</doc>
<doc id="19234421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234421" title="Saldhara">
Saldhara

Saldhara is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2265 in 392 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234425" title="Life for Ruth">
Life for Ruth

Life for Ruth is a 1962 British drama film produced by Michael Relph directed by Basil Dearden and starring Michael Craig, Patrick McGoohan and Janet Munro.
Plot.
John Harris finds himself ostracized and placed on trial for allowing his daughter Ruth to die. His religious beliefs forbade him to give consent for a blood transfusion that would have saved her life. Doctor Brown is determined to seek justice for what he sees as the needless death of a young girl.
Critical reception.
The New York Times wrote of the film, "in avoiding blatant bias, mawkish sentimentality and theatrical flamboyance, it makes a statement that is dramatic, powerful and provocative."

</doc>
<doc id="19234428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234428" title="Markham, Caerphilly">
Markham, Caerphilly

Markham is a small village in the South Wales Valleys in Caerphilly County Borough, close to Blackwood. Built as a planned garden village, it grew out of the need to employ Markham Colliery. Today it is a district of the community of Argoed.
At the heart of the village is an active congregational chapel; it is the only place of worship in the village and will soon be celebrating its centenary.
The village's primary school, Markham Primary School, is a feeder school for Pontllanfraith Comprehensive School and Blackwood Comprehensive School. Markham Primary was previously an all-ages school, where pupils started school at 5 years of age and continued until 15. Pupils took the old 11 plus exam for entry to grammar school or the entry exam for technical school at 12 or 13 years of age.
Markham RFC currently play in the WRU Swalec League Five South East. Markham RFC have won the Cyrus Davies Cup three times. They have also been semi-finalists of the Worthington District's Cup three times.

</doc>
<doc id="19234445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234445" title="Salle Bhumlu">
Salle Bhumlu

Salle Bhumlu is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2615 in 481 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234452" title="Landing in Luck">
Landing in Luck

"Landing in Luck" was William Faulkner's first published short story. Appearing in the November 26, 1919 issue of "The Mississippian", a literary magazine at the University of Mississippi, "Landing in Luck" tells the story of Cadet Thompson, who is sent on a solo flight without adequate instruction. Thompson lands successfully, and his flight instructor, Bessing, takes credit for the fine job he did of teaching the cadet pilot. It is a fictional exaggeration based on Faulkner's experience as a cadet-pilot for the Royal Air Force (RAF) in 1918. 
The story is mainly notable because it is the first published piece of fiction by a novelist who became a Nobel Laureate in literature. Opinion varies on its quality; biographer Stephen B. Oates calls it "amusing", while another biographer labels the story "generic" and "without real depth".
Analysis.
Interpretations of the story vary widely. Parini finds the story "about a young man's false sense of accomplishment" and ascribes Thompson's feelings to Faulkner's "inner doubt"; the author, according to Parini, must have had the "feeling that the world sees more in him than he actually possesses". Frederick R. Karl says the story "establishes Faulkner as a teller of tall tales, a vivid and significant part of his artistic imagination and a centerpiece of his ludic imagination". It also is significant because in it, Faulkner sheds the "artificial language" that mars much of what he wrote as a young man.
The comic elements in the story foreshadow the humorous elements Faulkner often included in even his most serious fiction. The story also shows Faulkner's ability to spin the stuff of everyday life into an interesting tale. As a cadet-pilot, Faulkner probably never even flew a plane; his RAF unit was disbanded early in his training because World War I ended.

</doc>
<doc id="19234453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234453" title="Salmechakala">
Salmechakala

Salmechakala is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1369 in 224 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234457" title="Sankhupati Chour">
Sankhupati Chour

Sankhu Patichaur is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3246 in 585 individual households.
This VDC is famous throughout the country for its orange production.
Famous Nepali actor and comedian Hari Bansha Acharya was born in Shankhu Patichour VDC.

</doc>
<doc id="19234460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234460" title="Anavex Life Sciences">
Anavex Life Sciences

Anavex Life Sciences Corp. is a pharmaceutical company that develops drug candidates to treat serious and life-threatening medical conditions. The company's most advanced compound is ANAVEX 2-73, developed to treat Alzheimer’s disease through disease modification (i.e. could slow down, reverse or prevent Alzheimer’s disease).
ANAVEX 2-73 demonstrated anti-amnesic and neuroprotective effects in pre-clinical studies conducted in France and other EU institutes. Based on these pre-clinical studies, the company sponsored a Phase 1 clinical trial on humans in 2011. The Phase 1 human trial was completed in Germany in collaboration with ABX-CRO Advanced Pharmaceutical Services (ABX-CRO). Results regarding the compound’s safety profile showed no evidence of any treatment-related adverse effects. In the Phase 1 trial, ANAVEX 2-73 was well tolerated by study subjects in doses up to 55 mg, with only mild adverse events in some volunteers. This dose is above the equivalent dose shown to have positive effects in mouse models of Alzheimer's disease. Observed adverse events at doses above the maximum tolerated single dose included headache and dizziness, which were moderate in severity and reversible. These side effects are often seen with drugs that target central nervous system conditions, including Alzheimer's disease.
ANAVEX 2-73 has been shown to provide protection from oxidative stress, which damages and destroys neurons and is believed to be a primary cause of Alzheimer's disease. Research in recent years indicates that oxidative stress is a precursor to amyloid-beta plaques and tau (see also Neuro-Fibrillary Tangles), and could be a novel and appropriate therapeutic target.
The company's proprietary SIGMACEPTOR™ Discovery Platform has generated small molecule drug candidates with unique modes of action, by making use of Anavex's understanding of sigma receptors. Sigma receptors represent potential targets for therapeutics to potentially combat many human diseases, including Alzheimer’s. When bound by the appropriate ligands, these receptors influence the functioning of multiple biochemical signals that are involved in the pathogenesis of disease.
Program pipeline.
In addition to ANAVEX 2-73, the company has several compounds in different stages of pre-clinical study. They fall into two categories - diseases of the central nervous system and cancer. Specific indications include Alzheimer's disease, depression, epilepsy, neuropathic pain, malignant melanoma, prostate cancer and pancreatic cancer.
ANAVEX 19-144 is the sole active metabolite of ANAVEX 2-73. Like ANAVEX 2-73, pre-clinical data shows that ANAVEX 19-144 exhibits anti-amnesic, neuroprotective and anticonvulsant properties in a variety of in vitro systems and specialized animal models. In animal models, ANAVEX 19-144 controls seizures and the epileptogenesis process. The neuroprotective properties may prevent the process that causes long-term damage to tissue and cells as well as biochemical and physiological alterations to the brain from epileptic seizures.
ANAVEX 1-41 is a sigma-1 agonist. Pre-clinical tests showed significant neuroprotective benefits (i.e., protects nerve cells from degeneration or death) through the modulation of endoplasmic reticulum, mitochondria and oxidative stress. In addition, in animal models, ANAVEX 1-41 prevented the expression of caspase-3, an enzyme that plays a key role in apoptosis and loss of cells in the hippocampus, the part of the brain that regulates learning, emotion and memory.
ANAVEX 7-1037 is designed for the treatment of prostate cancer. It is a low molecular weight, synthetic compound exhibiting high affinity for sigma-1 receptors at nanomolar levels and moderate affinity for sigma-2 receptors and sodium channels at micromolar levels. In advanced pre-clinical studies, this compound exhibited anti-tumor potential with no toxic side effects. It has also been shown to selectively kill human cancer cells without affecting normal/healthy cells and to significantly suppress tumor growth in immune-deficient mice models.

</doc>
<doc id="19234472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234472" title="KOPY">
KOPY

KOPY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19234476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234476" title="World Lymphoma Awareness Day">
World Lymphoma Awareness Day

World Lymphoma Awareness Day (WLAD) is held on September 15 every year and is a day dedicated to raising awareness of lymphoma, an increasingly common form of cancer. It is a global initiative hosted by the Lymphoma Coalition (LC), a non-profit network organisation of 49 lymphoma patient groups from 36 countries around the world. WLAD was initiated in 2004 to raise public awareness of both Hodgkin and non- Hodgkin lymphoma in terms of symptom recognition, early diagnosis and treatment.
Lymphoma is increasing in incidence and is a potentially life-threatening disease. One million people worldwide live with lymphoma and nearly 1,000 people are diagnosed with the disease every day, but there continues to be very little awareness of the signs and symptoms of lymphoma. 
New international survey results show that:
Increasing awareness of lymphoma will allow people around the world to better recognize its signs and symptoms, leading to earlier diagnosis and more timely treatment. Greater awareness will also empower patients and their families to demand specialist treatment and care from qualified lymphoma physicians as well as gain access to the most up-to-date information, support and treatment.
WLAD Campaigns.
Know Your Nodes
Know Your Nodes is a public awareness campaign created with the insight that people know little about their lymphatic systems and, in turn, lymphoma. An international survey conducted in 2006 by the Lymphoma Coalition revealed that nearly three-quarters (74 per cent) of people did not know lymphoma was a type of cancer and less than half (49 per cent) knew anything about lymphoma at all. With this knowledge in mind, the Know Your Nodes campaign was created to take people back to the basics and learn more about their lymph nodes, lymphatic systems and lymphoma in time for WLAD.
Know Your Nodes engages people around the world in learning more about their lymph nodes, the lymphatic system, and most importantly, the signs and symptoms of lymphoma. Lymphoma’s signs and symptoms can be similar to other, less serious illnesses, and increasing awareness of lymphoma will allow people around the world to better recognise its signs and symptoms, leading to earlier diagnosis and more timely treatment.
Beacons of Hope
The Beacons of Hope program was created in 2006 to celebrate inspiring people around the world that have been affected by lymphoma. Lymphoma Coalition members were asked to nominate individuals affected by lymphoma who acted as global ‘Beacons of Hope’ ambassadors. The ambassadors spread the word of hope across the world, bringing real life experience to WLAD.
History.
Since its launch in 2004, WLAD has made its mark internationally, from inspirational showcases of art in Argentina, to bike tours in France, and patient seminars in New Zealand. The global campaign continues to provide a platform for doctors, nurses, patient support groups, patients and their families to share vital knowledge about lymphoma, its signs and symptoms, and how it affects lives of thousands of people around the world.
In 2007, Lymphoma Coalition launched the Know Your Nodes campaign internationally to help people learn more about lymph nodes, the lymphatic system and lymphoma.
About Lymphoma Coalition.
Lymphoma Coalition is a non-profit network organisation of lymphoma patient groups. Established in 2003, it is a global initiative dedicated to raising awareness of lymphoma, a common form of cancer, and promoting the well-being of people affected by lymphoma worldwide.
Lymphoma Coalition strives to:

</doc>
<doc id="19234482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234482" title="Sanowangthali">
Sanowangthali

Sanowangthali is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2033 .

</doc>
<doc id="19234494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234494" title="Saping">
Saping

Saping is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3730 in 681 individual households.
References.
yo ekdam khatra thau ho. sabai jana ghumna jao!

</doc>
<doc id="19234527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234527" title="John Thomas Quekett">
John Thomas Quekett

John Thomas Quekett (1815–1861) was an English microscopist and histologist.
Quekett studied medicine at the London Hospital in 1831. He became a licentiate of the Apothecaries' Company and a member of the Royal College of Surgeons.
In 1839, he founded the Royal Microscopical Society. In 1843 he was appointed assistant conservator of the Hunterian Museum, and in 1856 conservator of the museum and professor of histology on the retirement of professor Richard Owen.
Biography.
Quekett, born at Langport, Somerset, on 11 August 1815, was the youngest son of William Quekett and Mary, daughter of John Bartlett. The father was at Cockermouth grammar school with William and Christopher Wordsworth, and from 1790 till his death in 1842 was master of Langport grammar school. He educated his sons at home, and each of them was encouraged to collect specimens in some branch of natural history. The eldest brother, William Quekett, was a rector and author.
When only sixteen John gave a course of lectures on microscopic subjects, illustrated by original diagrams and by a microscope which he had himself made out of a roasting-jack, a parasol, and a few pieces of brass purchased at a neighbouring marine-store shop. On leaving school he was apprenticed, first to a surgeon in Langport, and afterwards to his brother Edwin John Quekett, entering King's College, London, and the London Hospital medical school. In 1840 he qualified at Apothecaries' Hall, and at the Royal College of Surgeons won the three-years studentship in human and comparative anatomy, then first instituted.
He formed a most extensive and valuable collection of microscopic preparations, injected by himself, illustrating the tissues of plants and animals in health and in disease, and showing the results and uses of microscopic investigation. In November 1843 he was appointed by the College of Surgeons assistant conservator of the Hunterian Museum, under Professor (afterwards Sir) Richard Owen, and in 1844 he was appointed demonstrator of minute anatomy. In 1846 his collection of two thousand five hundred preparations was purchased by the college, and he was directed to prepare a descriptive illustrated catalogue of the whole histological collection belonging to the college, of which they constituted the chief part. In 1852 the title of his demonstratorship was changed to that of professor of histology; and on Owen's obtaining permission to reside at Richmond, Quekett was appointed resident conservator, finally succeeding Owen as conservator in 1856. His health, however, soon failed, and he died at Pangbourne, Berkshire, whither he had gone for the benefit of his health, on 20 Aug. 1861.
In 1841 Quekett succeeded Dr. Arthur Farre as secretary of the Microscopical Society, a post which he retained until 1860, when he was elected president, but was unable to attend any meetings during his year of office. He was elected a fellow of the Linnean Society in 1857, and of the Royal Society in 1860.
In 1846 Quekett married Isabella Mary Anne (d. 1872), daughter of Robert Scott, Bengal Civil Service, by whom he had four children. There is a lithographic portrait of Quekett in Maguire's Ipswich series of 1849, and a coloured one by W. Lens Aldous. Upon Quekett's death, Joseph Henry Green, Thomas Wormald, George Gulliver and several other members of the Council of the Royal College of Surgeons strongly supported the college's granting of a pension to the widow; Wormald and James Moncrieff Arnott each contributed £100 in addition to the pension.
Works.
Quekett's work as an histologist was remarkable for its originality and for its influence upon the anatomical studies of the medical profession in this country. His "Practical Treatise on the Use of the Microscope" (1848, 8vo) did much also to promote the study among medical men and amateurs, and among those who came to him for instruction was the prince consort. His work in this direction is commemorated by the Quekett Microscopical Club, which was established in 1865, under the presidency of Dr. Edwin Lankester.
Quekett's chief publications were:
Twenty-two papers by him are also enumerated in the Royal Society's "Catalogue of Scientific Papers" (v. 53–4), mostly contributed to the Microscopical Society's "Transactions," and dealing with animal histology. One of the most important of these is that on the "Intimate Structure of Bones in the four great Classes, Mammals, Birds, Reptiles, and Fishes, with Remarks on the Value of the Knowledge in determining minute Organic Remains," Microscopical Society's "Transactions," vol. ii. 1846, pp. 46–58.

</doc>
<doc id="19234539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234539" title="USS Delaware (SSN-791)">
USS Delaware (SSN-791)

USS "Delaware" (SSN-791) will be a . The contract to build her was awarded to Huntington Ingalls Industries in partnership with the Electric Boat division of General Dynamics in Newport News, Virginia on 22 December 2008. This ship is the eighth and final ship of the Block III subs that will feature a revised bow, including some technology from SSGNs.

</doc>
<doc id="19234557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234557" title="Upstate California">
Upstate California

Upstate California is the name of a marketing campaign which seeks to promote business in the northernmost 20 counties of California. Roughly the upper half of Northern California, the "upstate" designation encompasses primarily rural areas which contain 4.5% of California's population.
Background.
The northernmost counties of California have had longstanding concerns about under-representation in California's government. Partition and secessionist movements have occasionally arisen in the region; part of many proposals to split California into two or three states. A 1941 movement to combine the northernmost counties of California and southernmost counties of Oregon into the State of Jefferson fell apart after the December 7 attack on Pearl Harbor and the US entry into World War II. In the early 1990s, California State Assemblyman Stan Statham led an unsuccessful effort to split the northern counties into a new state.
Marketing.
The term "Upstate California" was coined by Robert Berry, a marketing development specialist hired by a group of the northernmost counties of California. The name "Upstate California" was intended to draw upon the popular recognition of Upstate New York as a distinct region. The Upstate California campaign did not want to partition California to create a separate state or geopolitical entity. Instead the group wanted to encourage business investment in California's sparsely populated northernmost counties which were felt to be too often ignored within the Northern California designation—the population centers of the San Francisco Bay Area and the Sacramento metropolitan area received the most attention. The Upstate California promotional campaign officially began on September 10, 2001, but it was overshadowed in the news the next day by the September 11 attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="19234563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234563" title="Sarada Batase">
Sarada Batase

Sarada Batase is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2480 .

</doc>
<doc id="19234584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234584" title="Bernard Bergman">
Bernard Bergman

Bernard Bergman (September 2, 1911 – June 16, 1984) was an Orthodox Rabbi who was best known for his operation of a large network of nursing homes and his conviction of Medicaid fraud in 1976. Bergman turned an inheritance of $25,000 into an empire of nursing homes valued at $24 million.
Bergman was born to Shlomo Bergman and Gittel Leifer on September 2, 1911, in Romania. Shlomo was the son of Rabbi Avraham Tzvi Bergman (1849–1918), Rabbi of Yasinya, a small town in what was then Maramureş, Hungary, now part of Zakarpattya, Ukraine. Gittel descended from a long line of Hasidic rabbis, most famous of whom was her grandfather, Rabbi Mordechai Leifer of Nadvorna. A Grand Rabbi, thousands flocked to him in order to receive his blessing and bask in his holy presence. The family immigrated to the United States in the 1920s, living in Brooklyn. Bergman went to what was then Palestine. There, he attended the Hebron Yeshiva in order to pursue his religious studies. He received his rabbinic ordination from the academy's Dean, Rabbi Moshe Mordechai Epstein, on October 22, 1933. He married the former Anne Weiss in 1937. Back in New York City, he took a position as a rabbi at a nursing home on the Lower East Side of Manhattan and served as editor and publisher of the Yiddish-language daily "The Jewish Morning Journal" and head of Hapoel HaMizrachi. 
He started to build his network of nursing homes in the 1960s, with the former New York Cancer Hospital on Central Park West at 106th Street was acquired in 1955 and operated by Bergman as the Towers Nursing Home. The home became the center of federal and state fraud charges. Claims were made that patients in the home were abused and neglected, with residents testifying that they had not been given adequate heat and had been subjected to physical abuse and pest infestations. The site was closed in 1974 as a nursing home.
A New York State Senate investigation in 1975 brought witnesses who testified of patients lapsing into comas due to untreated dehydration, bedsores caused by coarse sheets and failure to notify authorities of an epidemic of diarrhea. An unannounced inspection of a home found unsanitary conditions, including milk used a week past its expiration date and excrement on the floors in patient rooms. Bergman vigorously denied the charges, claiming that the homes he operated were well run. However, this evidence was against nursing homes in general, and not specifically against the ones that Bergman was running.
In 1976, Bergman was sentenced to serve four months in a Federal correction center after his conviction on Medicare and tax fraud charges. Under a plea bargain, he was supposed to not serve additional jail time. However, the lead prosecutor, Charles Hyne, compromised the plea agreement by publicly informing the media that he wanted the presiding judge (Judge Melia) to sentence Bergman to more jail time. Eventually, Bergman ended up serving an eight-month sentence for convictions on state offenses.
The case was infamous for the media "witch hunt" that occurred. Major media outlets demonized Bergman, made personal attacks against his lawyers, and widely criticized the judge's sentence as too lenient. Prominent media sources, such as "Time" magazine, "New York Times", and the "New York Post", repeatedly "convicted" Bergman despite there being little evidence of Bergman's actual guilt.
"Bergman only controlled a handful of nursing homes, not the 117 attributed to him by the press; that the allegations of patient abuse were based on a report about conditions in nursing homes in general some eighteen years earlier; that the special prosecutor-after an investigation- "was unable to produce even a single current allegation against Dr. Bergman involving patient care"..." 
In February 1989, New York State's special nursing-homes prosecutor received payment of almost $1.4 million as the final payment of penalties and interest that Bergman was obligated to pay New York State after he pleaded guilty to Medicaid and tax fraud.
Bergman died of a heart attack at Mount Sinai Medical Center on June 16, 1984, and had residences in both Israel and Manhattan at the time of his death, spending his time at both homes. His body was transported to Israel for burial.

</doc>
<doc id="19234585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234585" title="KOZI">
KOZI

KOZI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19234596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234596" title="Sikorsky S-36">
Sikorsky S-36

The Sikorsky S-36 was an eight-seat amphibian sesquiplane design and built by the Sikorsky Manufacturing Company. The aircraft was ordered by Pan American Airways, the start of a long association with Sikorsky flying boats. 
Development.
The S-36 was a modified and larger version of the earlier S-34 and was designed as a commercial aircraft for six passengers or freight. It was an amphibian sesquiplane with a boat hull fuselage and retractable landing gear. It was powered by two Wright Whirlwind J-5 engines and had a crew of two and room for six passengers on two facing bench seats. Only six aircraft were built.
Operational history.
One aircraft named "Dawn" was sold to Mrs Frances Grayson for an attempt to be the first woman to fly across the Atlantic. As a passenger in "Dawn" and after two false starts the aircraft departed for the Atlantic attempt on 23 December 1927 but was not seen again.
The United States Navy bought one aircraft, designated the XPS-1, for evaluation as a patrol aircraft, it was fitted with a gunner's position in the bow although it was used as a transport.
The fourth aircraft was delivered to Pan American Airways in December 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="19234610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234610" title="Les Harley">
Les Harley

Leslie "Les" Harley (born 26 September 1946 in Chester) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger. He made appearances in the Football League for Chester and Rochdale.
Playing career.
Harley progressed through the youth ranks at his hometown club of Chester to make his professional debut on his 18th birthday in September 1964, in a 3–1 win against Brighton & Hove Albion. Over the next three years he had spells in and out of the side and featured in the two legs and replay against Swansea Town to decide the Welsh Cup final in 1966. In the replay he crossed for Les Jones to give Chester the lead at Sealand Road, but Swansea fought back to win 2–1 and keep the cup in Wales.
At the end of 1966–67, Harley moved to Blackpool but his only further league appearances came in a loan spell with Rochdale in a loan spell from February 1968.
Harley was one of three members of his family to make league appearances for Chester. His brother Albert played for the club towards the end of his career in 1969–70 and his nephew Lee appeared as a substitute on the opening day of the 1985–86 season against Halifax Town.
Honours.
Chester

</doc>
<doc id="19234651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234651" title="1988 European Junior Swimming Championships">
1988 European Junior Swimming Championships

The 1988 European Junior Swimming Championships were held from July 28 to July 31, 1988 in Amersfoort, Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19234658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234658" title="Shawnee Trail (West Virginia)">
Shawnee Trail (West Virginia)

The Shawnee Trail was the white settlers' name for an American Indian trail in what is now eastern West Virginia, USA. It was a segment (or branch) of the much larger Indian trail network known as the Great Indian Warpath, which stretched from New York to Alabama. The GIW was referred to from this point north as the "Seneca Trail". Thus, in pioneer days, the segment known as the Shawnee Trail was often also referred to as the Seneca Trail.
Route.
The Shawnee Trail began on the South Branch Potomac River somewhere below what is now Moorefield, West Virginia and proceeded up that river to its confluence with the North Fork South Branch Potomac River. It continued up that Fork and up Seneca Creek (passing Seneca Rocks) and crossed the crests of the Allegheny Mountains (and in so doing, the upper tributaries of the Cheat River) above the mouth of Horse Camp Creek. This caused it to pass near the future sites of Harman and Bowden. The trail entered the Tygart River Valley near Elkins and proceeded up the Tygart past Beverly to Huttonsville.
Traffic.
The Shawnee Trail was long used by the Algonquians (including the Shawnee), Tuscarora, and Seneca nations to transit this part of the Alleghenies for purposes of trade and war. The name "Shawnee Trail" was applied after Native Americans of that tribe followed the trail out of the region after burning Fort Seybert (1758) in Pendleton County, West Virginia.
A local historian described the use of the Trail in white pioneer days, and later, as follows:
Shawnee Trail was much used by early settlers and became important for a century as the chief highway between the South Branch and Tygart's valley. Over it, travelled hundreds of pack horses loaded with salt, iron, and other merchandise, and many droves of cattle fattened for the eastern market. In the Civil War it furnished an avenue of escape for a detachment of Confederates cut off from General Garnett's army at the battle of Rich mountain, five miles west of Beverly, in 1861, and it was used by Imboden and Jones in driving eastward the horses and cattle captured in their great raid of 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="19234661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234661" title="Ben Beynon">
Ben Beynon

Benjamin "Ben" Beynon (14 March 1894 – 21 May 1969) was a Welsh international rugby union fly-half who played club rugby for Swansea and would later play professional rugby league for Oldham RLFC. Beynon was also an association football player for Swansea Town.
Rugby career.
Beynon played rugby union for his home team club, Swansea, playing his first game in 1913. He was first selected to represent Wales on 17 January 1920, when he faced England at St Helens. Wales ran out comprehensive winners, mainly thanks to Newport's Jerry Shea scoring 16 points on his own. His second and last match was against Scotland three weeks later. It was unknown if Beynon would have won more caps, as he became a professional footballer for Swansea Town in the same year, which prevented him from playing rugby union. The Welsh Rugby Union even withheld his actual cap to commemorate his appearance as they believed he was professional before he represented Wales at union. Beynon was the first Swansea player to turn out for a rugby union, league (Oldham) and association football teams.
International rugby matches played.
Wales
Association Football career.
Beynon played association football for Waunwen and then Swansea Town, playing his first game for the 'Swans' on 28 November 1914. Just two months later Beynon played the most notable game for Swansea when he was selected to face First Division side Blackburn Rovers in an FA Cup draw. Swansea won a shock 1-0 victory, Beynon scoring the goal, his only score in four FA Cup appearances. His final game for Swansea was on the 17 April 1922, and during his career he managed to score a hat-trick, in a match at the Vetch Field in September 1920 against Norwich.

</doc>
<doc id="19234665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234665" title="Saramthali, Kavrepalanchok">
Saramthali, Kavrepalanchok

Saramthali is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1159 in 234 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234671" title="Sarasyunkhark">
Sarasyunkhark

Sarasyunkhark is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4880 in 862 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234679" title="Sasakhani">
Sasakhani

Sasakhani is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1654 in 263 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234690" title="Sathighar Bhagawati">
Sathighar Bhagawati

Sathighar Bhagawati is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2732 in 534 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234694" title="2000 Franklin Templeton Tennis Classic – Singles">
2000 Franklin Templeton Tennis Classic – Singles

Jan-Michael Gambill was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Lleyton Hewitt won the title, defeating Tim Henman 6–4, 7–6(7–2) in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19234696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234696" title="Sikhar Ambote">
Sikhar Ambote

Sikhar Ambote is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3995 in 702 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234705" title="Just Visiting (The Elms album)">
Just Visiting (The Elms album)

Just Visiting is the self-titled independently released album by Christian pop/rock band Just Visiting, later known as The Elms.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Owen Thomas

</doc>
<doc id="19234710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234710" title="Simalchour Syampati">
Simalchour Syampati

Simalchour Syampati is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4278 .

</doc>
<doc id="19234715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234715" title="Simthali">
Simthali

Simthali is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1707 in 328 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234724" title="Sipali Chilaune">
Sipali Chilaune

Sipali Chilaune is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2456 in 430 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234731" title="Subbagaun">
Subbagaun

Subbagaun is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3885 in 711 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234738" title="Sunthan">
Sunthan

Sunthan is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3491 in 650 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234745" title="Syampati">
Syampati

Syampati is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3652 in 646 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234751" title="Ministry of Land and Resources of the People's Republic of China">
Ministry of Land and Resources of the People's Republic of China

Ministry of Land and Resources (MLR) of the Government of the People's Republic of China is a ministry under the jurisdiction of the State Council of China. It is responsible for the regulation, management, preservation and exploitation of natural resources, such as land, mines and oceans. 
On March 10, 1998, the 9th National People's Congress passed the "Reform Plan of the Ministries of the State Council". According to the plan, The Ministry of Geology and Mining, State Administration of National Land, State Administration of National Oceans, and State Bureau of Surveying and Mapping merged to form the Ministry of Land and Resources. The State Administration of National Oceans and the State Bureau of Surveying and Mapping have remained existing as departments under the jurisdiction of the newly formed Ministry. 

</doc>
<doc id="19234755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234755" title="Gegharkunik">
Gegharkunik

Gegharkunik may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19234802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234802" title="URSSAF">
URSSAF

The French URSSAF (Unions de Recouvrement des Cotisations de Sécurité Sociale et d'Allocations Familiales, meaning the Organizations for the payment of social security and family benefit contributions) is a network of private organizations, created in 1960, whose main task is to collect the employee and employer social security contributions, which finance the "Régime general" (general account) of France's social security system, including state health insurance (L'Assurance Maladie).
They also manage two other salary deductions for the French Minister of Economy, Industry and Employment: the CSG (Contribution Sociale Généralisée, meaning General Social Contribution) and the CRDS (Contribution au Remboursement de la Dette Sociale, a contribution for the repayment of the French social security deficit).
URSSAF employees are not, as commonly assumed, civil servants, and thus they are covered by the same employment agreement as other social security employees.
Each organization is a private entity responsible for a particular public service and is headed by a Director.
Each of them (including the national fund) is controlled by an Administrative Council made up in equal parts of managers and workers. The decisions made by the Administrative Council are monitored by the State, represented by the DRASS (Directions Régionales des Affaires Sanitaires et Sociales, meaning the Regional Director for Health and Social Matters).
The URSSAF organizations are spread across France to form a network totaling more than one hundred members (101 as of 1 January 2006), with at least one organization per department. The organizations are deemed to be infallible and without any reference to court and with disregard of any banking conventions, they can take money out of a person's bank account if they believe they are owed it. There are no appeals procedures.
The URSSAF is supervised primarily by the Minister for Social Security and secondarily by the Minister for the Budget, the Public Accounts and Civil Service.
Since May 18, 2007, the supervision for the management of the URSSAF network has been carried out by Xavier Bertrand, Minister of Labor, Social Affairs and Solidarity, while Eric Woerth, minister for the Budget, Public Accounts and the Civil Service is the acting supervisor for the collection of contributions and other taxes.
The objectives of ACOSS (Agence Centrale des Organismes de Sécurité Sociale) have been recorded in three successive COGs (conventions d'objectifs et de gestion, meaning agreement of objectives and management), the first covering the period 1998-2001, the second the period 2002–2005, and the current version covering the period 2006-2009. ACOSS has had to act under the framework of this 3rd COG to make 600 redundancies out of a workforce of 14500 between now and 2009.
In the DOM (Départements d'outre-mer, meaning overseas departments), URSSAF organizations do not exist as such, so social security contributions are collected by the CGSS (caisses générales de sécurité sociale, general social security funds).
ACOSS (Agence Centrale des Organismes de Sécurité Sociale), which is the central agency for social security organizations, is the national fund for the entire group of organizations (as decreed by the law of July 25, 1994), including the CNAM-TS for health insurance, the CNAF for family benefit and the CNAV for retirement.
ACOSS manages the social security budget.

</doc>
<doc id="19234812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234812" title="Thoukhal">
Thoukhal

Thoukhal is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2727 in 472 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234822" title="HM Prison Blantyre House">
HM Prison Blantyre House

HM Prison Blantyre House is a Category C/D men's prison, located on the outskirts of Goudhurst in Kent, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Originally a country house, the Prison Service converted the building into a Young Offenders Institution in 1954. The prison was then re-classified as an adult prison in 1991. Blantyre House courted controversy in 1996 after an ex-inmate accused the prison regime of corruption. This followed an incident that resulted in the death of a grandmother when two prisoners caused a multiple-vehicle traffic accident during a 100 mph chase while out on day release.
In 2000 a large raid (named "Operation Swinford") at Blantyre House caused controversy amongst the press and politicians. Prison authorities claimed the raid was needed to expose potential deep-routed corruption at the prison. The Prison Service claimed that investigations stretched back to the original allegations in 1996, and involved notorious underworld boss Kenny Noye allegedly placing a prisoner at Blantyre House as part of a fraud plot. The following year Blantyre House was singled out as having the best community relations of any prison in the UK along with one of the lowest re-offending rates.
The management at Blantyre House was amalgamated with HMP East Sutton Park in 2007. In the same year the Home Office announced plans to expand the prison by building a new block which could double capacity at Blantyre House when built.
The prison today.
Prisoners tend to have already served three years or more in other prisons and are transferred to Blantyre House to complete the last part (maximum three years) of their sentence. Because of this the prison's main focus is the re-integration and re-settlement of prisoners into the community and preparation for life after prison. Education is compulsory for the first six months of the inmates's stay at the prison, and prisoners who wish to continue their education are allowed attending external colleges to study as part of their resettlement plan. Prisoners are also able to find full-time paid work outside of the prison 12 months before their release.

</doc>
<doc id="19234823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234823" title="TrustAfrica">
TrustAfrica

TrustAfrica, originally called the "Special Initiative for Africa", is an independent foundation that works to secure the conditions for democracy and equitable development throughout the continent.
Led by Africans, it convenes dialogues, catalyzes ideas, and provides grants and technical assistance to organizations working to advance these goals.
Its programs currently focus on three issues:
• Democracy and Civil Society — securing the conditions for democracy by strengthening the capacity of civil society organizations.
• Equitable Development — fostering African enterprise and extending the benefits of economic growth to all members of society.
• African Philanthropy — leveraging new and traditional forms of African giving to advance democracy and development and to minimize reliance on external donors.
Now based in Dakar, Senegal, TrustAfrica began in 2001 as an initiative of the Ford Foundation to amplify African voices within the international donor community. TrustAfrica became an independent organization, governed by Africans, in 2006. It is committed to generating new philanthropic resources—and cultivating a greater degree of African ownership—by raising money from individuals and corporations in Africa and throughout the African diaspora.
Acting as a catalyst and convener, TrustAfrica brings together civic leaders from across the continent for thoughtful workshops aimed at setting agendas and crafting solutions to Africa’s democratic and developmental challenges. As a grant maker, it then solicits proposals to test new ideas and strategies that emerge from these discussions. In particular, TrustAfrica supports initiatives designed to strengthen the capacity of civil society organizations to secure democracy; foster sustainable and equitable development; and leverage African philanthropic support for democratization. TrustAfrica does not accept unsolicited requests for funding.
It has received funding from the Ford Foundation, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, International Development Research Centre, Humanity United, Netherlands Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Open Society Institute, Oak Foundation, David & Lucille Packard Foundation, John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, W.K. Kellogg Foundation, and other funders—including numerous individuals on the continent and in the diaspora.
TrustAfrica's board and staff—including its executive director, Akwasi Aidoo—are all Africans. It maintains a website at http://www.trustafrica.org and a blog on African issues at http://blog.trustafrica.org.

</doc>
<doc id="19234831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234831" title="Thulo Parsel">
Thulo Parsel

Thulo Parsel is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3060 .

</doc>
<doc id="19234839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234839" title="Tukucha Nala">
Tukucha Nala

Tukucha Nala is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4094 in 658 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19234844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234844" title="Singapore (disambiguation)">
Singapore (disambiguation)

Singapore, Singapur, Singapura, Singhapura, Singhpur, Singhpura and Singpur may refer to:
Singapore: 
Singapur: 
Singapura: 
Singhpur: 
Singhpura:
Singpur:

</doc>
<doc id="19234854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234854" title="Ugratara Janagal">
Ugratara Janagal

Ugratara Janagal is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5197 .

</doc>
<doc id="19234865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234865" title="Nathalie Dupree">
Nathalie Dupree

Nathalie Dupree (born December 23, 1939 in New Jersey) is an author, chef and cooking show host whose work has focused on American Southern cuisine. She was the first woman since Julia Child to host more than one hundred cooking episodes on public television. Her first show, "New Southern Cooking with Nathalie Dupree" was followed by eight more series.
Dupree is the author of 10 cookbooks, selling over half a million copies, and the host of more than 300 national and international cooking shows, which have aired since 1986 on PBS, The Food Network, and The Learning Channel. She has appeared many times on the "Today" show and "Good Morning America". She has won wide recognition for her work, including two James Beard Awards and numerous other awards. She is best known for starting the New Southern Cooking movement now found in many restaurants throughout the United States. She has been chef in three restaurants, in Majorca, Spain; Georgia; and Virginia. For 10 years she directed the Rich's Cooking School in Atlanta, with more than 10,000 students. Many of them have gone on to careers in restaurants, cooking publishing, and food media. She lives with her husband, Jack Bass, in Charleston, South Carolina.
Dupree is the daughter of Walter G. Meyer and Evelyn Cook. After her parents divorced she grew up in the American South with her mother and two siblings. In the late 1960s Nathalie and her first husband, David Dupree, lived in London, where Nathalie attended the Cordon Bleu cooking school, earning an advanced certificate. Following graduation she operated a restaurant in Majorca. Returning to the United States, she and David settled in David's home town, Social Circle, Georgia, where she established Nathalie's restaurant.
Dupree mounted a write-in campaign against incumbent Senator Jim DeMint in the 2010 Senate election in South Carolina. She sought DeMint's seat as a long shot, seeking to "cook his goose." She expressed a willingness to work alongside fellow South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham to "bring home the bacon" for the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19234871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234871" title="Middle East Internet Exchange">
Middle East Internet Exchange

The Middle East Internet Exchange is a subsidiary of GPX Global Systems. The company was incorporated in August 2002 to develop and operate state-of-the-art, private, carrier neutral data centers in emerging commercial markets along the undersea cable systems of FLAG, SEA-ME-WE3, and SEA-ME-WE4.

</doc>
<doc id="19234890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234890" title="Centre for Drug Research and Development">
Centre for Drug Research and Development

The Centre for Drug Research and Development (CDRD) is Canada’s fully integrated national drug development and commercialization centre, providing expertise and infrastructure to enable researchers from leading health research institutions to advance promising early-stage drug candidates. Our mandate is to de-risk discoveries stemming from publicly funded health research and transform them into viable investment opportunities for the private sector – thus successfully bridging the commercialization gap between academia and industry, and translating research discoveries into new therapies for patients. Canada’s Networks of Centres of Excellence Program has recognized CDRD as a Centre of Excellence for Commercialization and Research (CECR).
CDRD Ventures Inc. (CVI) is the commercialization vehicle of The Centre for Drug Research and Development (CDRD), Canada’s national drug development and commercialization centre. With affiliations across more than 30 of Canada’s top research universities and institutes, CDRD is the only fully integrated centre of its kind in the country – and one of a handful in the world – with the full expertise and infrastructure to source, evaluate, and develop both small molecule and biologic innovative technologies in virtually any therapeutic area. And with a first right to negotiate for any of the technologies developed at CDRD (over 100 to date), CVI has a continuous and unparalleled pipeline of the most innovative and commercially promising pre-validated and thus de-risked technologies in Canada.
Funding.
CDRD is supported by both public and private sector organizations looking to advance the successful commercialization of health research. These organizations include:
Participating institutions.
CDRD currently has an existing portfolio of close to 80 supported research projects generated from its network of 20+ affiliated research institutions. These institutions represent Canada's top health research universities and research centres, as well as select international partner organizations. Collectively, these affiliated institutions invest several billion dollars in health-related research every year, and CDRD plays a pivotal role in translating that research into commercial products and economic returns including new jobs for British Columbia and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19234892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234892" title="Kharkov KhAI-1">
Kharkov KhAI-1

__NOTOC__
The Kharkov KhAI-1 (ХАИ-1) was an airliner produced in the Soviet Union in the early 1930s, unusual in that it was designed (and the prototype built) by students. An exceptionally clean design, the KhAI-1 was the first European passenger transport aircraft to feature retractable undercarriage, and boasted a top speed better than the fighter aircraft in service at the time. Some 40 KhAI-1s were operated by Aeroflot, but while a dedicated military version, the KhAI-1VV was developed and flown in prototype form, this did not enter production.
Development.
The project was the brainchild of Iosif Grigorievich Nyeman, then head of aircraft construction at the newly formed Kharkiv Aviation Institute. Deciding to provide students with practical, hands-on experience, he divided the students into two teams, each assigned to designing an airliner making use of cheap, easily-obtained materials. One team, led by L. D. Arson, was to work on a design incorporating modern techniques and design features designated KhAI-1, while the other, led by A. Eremenko, was to work on a more conservative design designated KhAI-2. The challenge was laid down in May 1931, and the timeframe specified was that the better design would need to be completed and ready for construction by February the following year. The whole venture was to be supervised by the Ukrainian branch of OSOAVIAKhIM.
Soon, Nyeman selected the KhAI-1 as the design to proceed with. This was a low-wing, cantilever monoplane with a streamlined fuselage of oval cross-section, and retractable undercarriage. Construction was to be wood throughout, with fabric-covered control surfaces. The students were re-organised into ten teams of five to seven members each, and set to work on the detailed design of the aircraft's components and structures. The plans were completed on time, and in March 1932 work began at the Kharkiv Aviation Factory, then home to the design bureau of Nyeman's old mentor, Konstantin Alekseevich Kalinin. Construction of the prototype was undertaken by the students themselves, under the supervision of factory personnel, and was complete within 180 days. The aircraft first flew on 4 October at the hands of Boris Kudrin, with Nyeman on board as a passenger. The aircraft's high speed and good handling quickly became apparent, and following factory trials, the prototype KhAI-1 was flown to Moscow on 17 February 1933 for state acceptance trials, making the flight from Kharkiv in record time. These tests were completed by June, with test pilots I.F.Petrov and P.I.Stefanovskii confirming the aircraft's excellent performance, and recommending it for Aeroflot service, offering as it did a 50% increase in speed over the standard Kalinin K-5 airliner of the day. Nyeman was awarded the Order of the Red Star for the project.
With the KhAI-1 ordered into series production, Nyeman initially requested that this be undertaken at the Kharkiv Aviation Factory, but this facility was gearing up to produce the Kalinin K-7 bomber and therefore lacked the capacity. Instead, production was assigned to the Gorky Aviation Plant (Zavod 21) which was concluding Polikarpov I-5 production. Production examples differed from the prototype in having a larger rudder, enlarged baggage compartment, revised undercarriage with oleo struts, and lighter wheel brakes, The passenger cabin was also revised, with additional sound-proofing and ventilation, and the addition of a lavatory. A revision of the general structure produced a weight saving of 125 kg (275 lb) and an increase in top speed from 292 km/h to 319 km/h (182 mph to 199 mph). However, only three aircraft were built here before the facility was needed to build the Polikarpov I-16 and KhAI-1 production was shifted to Zavod 43 in Kiev, where the rest of the aircraft were built. The first of these flew in November 1934, and airline service trials commenced the following April.
The Soviet Air Force soon expressed interest in the design as an alternative to the Polikarpov R-Z then replacing the Polikarpov R-5 in the reconnaissance-bomber role. A single prototype was built of a KhAI-1VV (for Военный Вариант - "Voennii Variant" - "Military Variant"), armed with a rear-mounted machine gun, and bombs carried in internal racks. While performance was impressive, the bomb-release mechanism proved troublesome, and as development dragged on, the Air Force gradually lost interest.
Operational history.
Following service trials between Moscow and Kiev, the KhAI-1 was introduced on a regular Aeroflot service in early 1936 between Moscow and Sevastopol. Two accidents occurred during early service. In one, an outer wing panel broke soon after take-off, and in another, an undercarriage strut collapsed on landing. These events led to a review of the design by OKO, leading to general strengthening that added so much weight to the aircraft that one passenger seat had to be sacrificed. Production in Kiev had been suspended during this review, but was soon recommenced. Aeroflot continued using the type on passenger and mail routes until 1940 between Moscow and Kharkiv, Moscow and Minvody, and between Rostov and Krasnodar.

</doc>
<doc id="19234938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234938" title="Electoral district of Balga">
Electoral district of Balga

Balga was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia from 1974 to 1977 and again from 1983 to 1989.
The district was based in Perth's northern suburbs and was a safe Labor seat.
History.
At the 1972 redistribution prior to the 1974 state election, the seat of Balcatta, held narrowly by Labor's Brian Burke after a 1973 by-election, was renamed Balga, and Burke won it with an increased majority. The name Balga would last only one term; the seat was renamed back to Balcatta ahead of the 1977 state election.
A new seat of Balga which was significantly safer for Labor was created for the 1983 state election east of the original seat. It included Alexander Heights, Balga, Girrawheen, Koondoola, Ballajura (at that stage only the section north of Marangaroo Drive had been built) and the eastern section of Hamersley. The seat's member was again Burke, who at that election also became Western Australian Premier. Burke resigned on 25 February 1988, both as Premier and a member of parliament, on the fifth anniversary of his swearing in as Premier. He was succeeded at a by-election by fellow Labor candidate Ted Cunningham.
Balga was abolished ahead of the 1989 state election, and was replaced by the new seat of Marangaroo, which Cunningham went on to represent.

</doc>
<doc id="19234942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234942" title="Cirque Lodge">
Cirque Lodge

Cirque Lodge is a for-profit addiction facility located in Orem, Utah founded in 1999 by Richard Losee. In 2002, Cirque Lodge opened a second facility in Orem, Utah in a former television studio. The facilities combined hold a maximum of 56 patients.
Program.
The Cirque Lodge program is based on the Alcoholics Anonymous traditional twelve-step program. The treatment incorporates "experiential therapy", including activities such as skiing and fishing . The program includes both group and individual psychotherapy. As of August 2007, the 30-day treatment costs an average of US$30,000. While celebrities are known to frequent the lodge, it also hosts less high-profile and affluent patients and has offered scholarships to patients who could not afford treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="19234947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234947" title="Swagga like Us">
Swagga like Us

"Swagga Like Us" is a Song by the American Hip-Hop Recording Artists Jay-Z and T.I. It was released on September 6, 2008 in the United States as the fifth Single from "Paper Trail", and was also slated for inclusion on Jay-Z's twelfth Album "The Blueprint 3" (2009), although it ultimately did not make the final track listing. The song features guest appearances from fellow American rappers Kanye West and Lil Wayne, the former of whom provided the song's production, which is constructed primarily around a vocal sample of "Paper Planes", as performed by British musician M.I.A.
"Swagga like Us" received mostly mixed reviews from music critics: whilst many complimented T.I.'s performance and the production, most denounced the other three rappers' performances as lyrically uninspired and overly brash, with Wayne and West also singled out for criticism from the perceived overuse of Auto-Tune in their vocals. Commercially, however, the song was a success despite a premature leak to the internet: it debuted and peaked at number five on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, and also charted modestly in a few overseas territories. It was nominated for Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the 51st Grammy Awards, winning the latter: the four rappers, alongside M.I.A. herself, also performed the song during the ceremony.
Background and recording.
Kanye West had originally wanted to work with British artist M.I.A on his second studio album "Late Registration" (2005), but her busy schedule prevented this from happening. However, his interest in her music was further increased after hearing her 2007 song "Paper Planes", which he decided to use in a production – the first he had composed since the death of his mother, Donda West, in 2007 following complications during cosmetic surgery. Having completed it with the assistance of fellow producer Mike Caren, West specifically chose to send the production to fellow rapper T.I., who was recording material for his sixth studio album "Paper Trail" (2008): West offered him no other tracks to choose to record over. T.I. accepted the production and originally planned "Swagga like Us" to be a collaboration with him and West only, writing two verses with West providing a verse of his own. He then, however, decided to make it an "event" record and send it to fellow rappers Jay-Z and Lil Wayne to record verses over, admitting to MTV News that it was a "very ambitious idea but a lovely one". Once they both accepted and duly sent their vocals back to T.I., he wrote two additional verses, but only chose the last of the four he had written to actually perform on "Swagga like Us", as he felt it "stood out moreso than the others".
All of the vocals were recorded at the Record Plant – a recording studio in Hollywood, California. The song was mixed by Andrew Dawson at Pacifique Studios in Los Angeles, California, whilst the mastering was carried out by Chris Gehringer. West emailed one of the song's early demos to M.I.A. herself, which she proclaimed "really hot", but that the final version "sounded even better". "Swagga like Us" was finally completed in July 2008: Jay-Z's satisfaction with the finished version of the song was such that T.I. claimed he wished to include it on his twelfth studio album "The Blueprint 3" (2009), although this did not transpire.
Composition.
The backing track is largely based upon a vocal sample of "Paper Planes" by British artist M.I.A., specifically the line "no one on the corner got swagger like us". Since "Paper Planes" itself samples the 1982 song "Straight to Hell" by British rock group The Clash, all of the writers of both songs are credited as writing "Swagga like Us". West added a "sumo–heavy bass" and drum line similar to that of a marching band to the vocal sample: the sounds combine to form a "noisy, warbling and exaggerated electronic melody". Shannon Barbour of About.com considered it to incorporate the "leftover retro 80's electro-funk" found on West's previous studio album "Graduation" (2007).
Reception.
Brian Hiatt, writing for "Rolling Stone", noted that "with a beat this hooky, everybody wins" although he criticized the individual performances of Lil Wayne as "lazy" and Jay-Z for "sticking in an over-obvious nod to his single "Jockin' Jay-Z."", and also felt the use of the "Paper Planes" sample risked undermining M.I.A.'s artistry: "It's hard not to be slightly bummed by the prospect of one of the decade's most innovative artists being reduced to a hook girl." Ian Cohen of Pitchfork Media felt that "For better or worse, "Swagga Like Us" defines "Paper Trail"", arguing that T.I.'s then upcoming prison sentence "triggeran impulse to challenge himself" to improve the quality of his performances across the album. However, he too denounced the rappers as generally overconfident, concluding that "one-upmanship [gave way to self-assured competence and Khaled-inspired complacence", although he complimented T.I. for "effortlessly best them all". "The Guardian"s Angus Batey considered the idea of the four artists recording together to be better than the song itself, calling it "good-on-paper, less-so-in-the-booth".
Accolades.
The song was nominated a Grammy for Best Rap Song and won the Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the 51st Grammy Awards. T.I., Kanye West, Jay-Z, Lil Wayne, and M.I.A. (who was 9 months pregnant at the time and supposedly due on the day of the performance) performed the song at Grammy Awards that year. This song was number 22 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008.
Remixes.
"Swagga Like Us" was heavily remixed by various artists. Hip hop duo Clipse included their remix on their mixtape "Road To Till The Casket Drops". Diddy recorded a remix titled "Swagger Like Puff" featuring Cassie singing the chorus. Trey Songz has also recorded one under the name of "Swagga Like Songz". On November 10, 2008, Chamillionaire released his own remix of the song for his mixtape "Mixtape Messiah 5", titled "Swagga Like Koop".
Also, Drake, Fabolous, Freeway, Twista, Kid Cudi, Tinie Tempah, Flo Rida, Hot Rod and Tony Yayo have all performed or recorded "freestyles" over the instrumental. Rick Ross has also done his own freestyle remix, stated to be retaliation for being left off the original song. Dolla created his own version featured on his last mixtape, "The Miseducation of Dolla"
Jim Jones recorded "Jackin' Swagger from Us" with Twista, NOE and Lil Wayne which takes shots at T.I. and Jay-Z for allegedly stealing their styles. The song is a bonus track on his album "Pray IV Reign".

</doc>
<doc id="19234953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234953" title="Hope &amp; Anchor Front Row Festival">
Hope &amp; Anchor Front Row Festival

Hope & Anchor Front Row Festival is a hit double-LP of live recordings taken from various bands – mainly Power pop, Pub rock, Punk, and New wave groups - that played the Front Row Festival at the Hope and Anchor, Islington between Tuesday 22 November and Thursday 15 December 1977. It reached number 28 in the UK Albums Chart.
The Hope & Anchor has been described as a "seminal live venue" in 1977, catering for "both emerging punk / new wave bands and the numerous pub rock acts operating on the live circuit at the time". The same author called the album as "eclectic" with "superb performances from artists like The Stranglers, The Only Ones, X-Ray Spex, The Saints and The Suburban Studs alongside staple pub rock acts".

</doc>
<doc id="19234980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234980" title="Taycheedah Correctional Institution">
Taycheedah Correctional Institution

Taycheedah Correctional Institution is a prison located in an outlying northeastern portion of the city of Fond du Lac, Wisconsin that is close to the city of Taycheedah, Wisconsin, three miles northeast of downtown Fond du Lac. Established in 1921, it was known as Wisconsin Home for Women until 1975. The facility houses maximum-security and medium-security adult females, with an average population of 763 as of June 2007.
History.
Before the Wisconsin Industrial Home was opened in 1921, female inmates were held in the Wisconsin State Prison in Waupun (now known as Waupun Correctional Institution). After it opened, women who committed "crimes against morality" were transferred to the Wisconsin Industrial Home, while women who had committed more serious crimes or were repeat offenders remained at Waupun. In 1931, construction began on a new facility, the Wisconsin Prison for Women, adjoining the Wisconsin Industrial Home. All women were transferred to this new facility. In 1945 Wisconsin Industrial Home and Wisconsin Prison for Women were combined and given the name Wisconsin Home for Women. The prison received its current name, Taycheedah Correctional Institution, in 1975 by order of the legislature.
Work.
Inmates at the Wisconsin Prison for Women typically did laundry, sewing, gardening, kitchen and farm work. Beginning in 1943, they put their sewing skills to work by making dresses for the Russian War Relief. In 1952, the farm program was discontinued. During the 1980s, inmates worked taking phone calls for the Department of Transportation and the Lottery Board. The year 1997 marked the beginning of the Computer Recycling program, which involved the rebuilding, selling, or donation of used computers. This program is still in existence and is run at six different sites, employing nearly 100 inmates.
Today.
In 1995, a new housing unit opened, doubling inmate capacity. Two years later, a barracks unit for 150 inmates was added. By 2002, two more buildings had been opened. The first contained a mental health unit with 64 beds and a segregation unit with 68 beds. The second, a general population facility, and had the largest capacity, with 240 beds. The Taycheedah Correctional Institution became part of the Wisconsin Women’s Correctional System in August 2005, putting Warden Boatwright in control of all female institutions and centers.
Taycheedah provides its inmates with several social services, including anger management training, Alcoholics/Narcotics Anonymous, and a pre-release program. The pre-release program helps inmates produce résumés, develop interviewing skills, and learn to use community resources before they are released from the institution.
Taycheedah provides inmates with religious services and programs. Worship services are held regularly, with average monthly attendance in 2006-2007 at 998. Twenty study groups and programs supplement worship services. More than 500 inmates participated in these programs during 2006-2007. As of June 30, 2007, 80% of the inmate population was Protestant, 15% Catholic, 5% Native American, 4% Wiccan, 4% Islamic, 1% Buddhist, and less than 1% were other or had no preference. The racial breakdown of the population as of June 2007 was White 57%, Black 38%, American Indian 4.5%, and Asian 0.5%.
Taycheedah offers adult education, special education, and English as a second language classes to inmates. Inmates can also earn certificates from the nearby Moraine Park Technical College in one of three programs. Credits can be transferred to the Wisconsin Technical College System for continuing education.
Controversy.
In 2005 Angela Enoch, an 18 year old inmate at Taycheedah, killed herself by using pieces of her pillow to strangle herself, after several days of pleading for psychiatric attention. After death, Enoch’s family filed a lawsuit against the correctional institution. In August 2008, the state settled the lawsuit, paying $635,000 to her family. In the settlement, the state did not assume liability for Enoch’s death.
In popular culture.
The prison is the setting of the song "Taycheedah Bound" by the all-female Rockabilly band Crazy Rocket Fuel on their debut album: "Vol. 1". The song is from the "tongue in cheek" point of view of an inmate's fights in the prison and why she was sent there.

</doc>
<doc id="19234987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234987" title="Carlton Molesworth">
Carlton Molesworth

Carlton Molesworth (February 15, 1876 – July 25, 1961) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Molesworth played for the Washington Senators in the 1895 season. He played just four games in his career, having two loses in three games started with a 14.63 ERA. 
Molesworth signed with the Birmingham Barons of the Southern Association in and was named manager of the team in . His team opened Birmingham's gleaming new Rickwood Field in and he continued playing outfield until after the season, winning two pennants as manager in and . He resigned from the Barons in and managed the Columbus Senators from 1923 to 1925. He also scouted for the Pittsburgh Pirates for 30 years.
Molesworth was born and died in Frederick, Maryland. 

</doc>
<doc id="19234996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19234996" title="Merle Phillips">
Merle Phillips

Merle H. Phillips was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 108th District from 1980 until retiring in 2010. He also was appointed as Northumberland County Commissioner in 2010 to finish Kurt Masser's term after the position was vacated when Masser was elected to the 107th District
Career.
Prior to his election to the State House, Phillips was the president of Irish Valley Food Processing. He served in the United States Marine Corps for four and a half years active duty and two years in the Reserves.
Phillips ended his term serving in House Leadership as Republican Caucus Administrator. Previously, he has served as Republican Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Game and Fisheries Committee and Secretary of the Agricultural and Rural Affairs Committee, as well as serving as a member of the Transportation and Appropriations Committees.
On January 15, 2010, Phillips announced he would not be seeking reelection. Since retiring from the state House of Representatives he has been appointed to fill a vacancy as a commissioner of Northumberland County in November 2010. 
On November 8, 2011, Phillips only captured 17% of the vote for Northumberland County Commissioner. He was succeeded by Republican Rick Shoch.
Personal.
Representative Phillips resides in Upper Augusta Township. He and his wife have five children. Merle Phillips died on Monday, December 30th, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19235071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235071" title="John Blackwell (musician)">
John Blackwell (musician)

John Blackwell Jr. (born September 9, 1973) is an American contemporary R&B, funk, jazz, fusion, and pop drummer, best known for his work with Prince. 
Career.
Blackwell was born and raised in Columbia, South Carolina, and started playing drums at age 3. He learned from his father, John Blackwell Sr., a drummer himself, who played with Mary Wells, King Curtis, Joe Simon, J.J. Jackson, The Drifters, The Spinners, and others. 
As a teenager, Blackwell played in both his high-school jazz and marching bands. He began playing in jazz clubs at age 13. At 17, he landed his first professional gig backing jazz singer and bandleader Billy Eckstine. After high school, he attended Berklee College of Music and worked steadily in local Boston jazz clubs. He left Berklee in 1995 to play with the funk band Cameo, a gig which lasted for three years.
Blackwell moved to Los Angeles in 1998 to look for more drumming work, and got a job playing with Patti LaBelle for three years. He appeared on her 1998 album "Live! One Night Only", which won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional R&B Vocal Performance. Blackwell met Prince while performing with LaBelle in Minneapolis. Blackwell toured with Japanese singer Hikaru Utada, and then join Prince's band, The New Power Generation, in 2000.
Blackwell played with Prince for 12 years and appeared on his 2003 "Live at the Aladdin Las Vegas" DVD, and the 2003 instrumental album, "N.E.W.S", which was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Album. Blackwell has also played with Justin Timberlake, Crystal Kay, P Diddy and Charlie Singleton. He played at the 2008 Buddy Rich Memorial Concert. 
Blackwell played with Maze, featuring Frankie Beverly. He released his debut album in December 2009, titled "The John Blackwell Project". He has released two educational drumming DVDs: "John Blackwell - Technique, Grooving and Showmanship", and "John Blackwell".
He has endorsements from Tama Drums and Zildjian cymbals and sticks. After a long co-operation with Sabian and Vater, he moved to Zildjian.
Blackwell joined Xuwei's band for his tour named "At This Moment"(Xuwei:Chinese musician) in 2013. They has performing in cities such as Beijing (May 17),Shanghai(July 13),Harbin(August 10),Hangzhou(August 24)and Shenzhen(September 7).

</doc>
<doc id="19235132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235132" title="Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Supporting Actor">
Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Supporting Actor

The Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actor is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst supporting actor of the previous year. The following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, along with the film(s) for which they were nominated. Brooke Shields is the first and only actress to ever win the Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actor. Hayden Christensen is the only actor to win two Razzie Awards for the same role, and one of only two actors to win in this category more than once, the other being Dan Aykroyd.
As of 2013, no winner of this category has ever showed up at the ceremony and accepted the award in person. Although, Tom Selleck was presented his award while a guest on "The Chevy Chase Show" and Barry Pepper acknowledged his win and stated, after the fact, that had he known about the award ahead of time, he would have gladly shown up and accepted in person.

</doc>
<doc id="19235134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235134" title="Zhang Jian">
Zhang Jian

Zhang Jian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19235159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235159" title="Archibald Russell (disambiguation)">
Archibald Russell (disambiguation)

Archibald Russell was an aeronautical engineer who served as chief designer for the Bristol Aeroplane Company.
Archibald Russell may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19235171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235171" title="Franks v. Delaware">
Franks v. Delaware

Franks v. Delaware, , is a United States Supreme Court case dealing with defendants' rights to challenge evidence collected on the basis of a warrant granted on the basis of a false statement. The court held that where a warrant affidavit contains a statement, necessary to the finding of probable cause, that is demonstrated to be both false and included by an affiant knowingly and intentionally, or with reckless disregard for the truth, the warrant is not valid.
Facts.
Cynthia Bailey was sexually assaulted and gave a description of her attacker to the police. On an unrelated count the police had picked up Jereome Franks for the sexual assault of a 15 year old girl. Franks made an incriminating comment saying he was "surprised" the charges were about the 15 year girl because he knew her and he had thought that the officer had said "bailey" and he did not know her.

</doc>
<doc id="19235177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235177" title="Mercey">
Mercey

Mercey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19235227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235227" title="Greenville Township, LaMoure County, North Dakota">
Greenville Township, LaMoure County, North Dakota

Greenville Township is a township in LaMoure County in the U.S. state of North Dakota. Its population during the 2000 Census was 80, with an estimated population of 67 as of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19235229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235229" title="Wolf Wajsbrot">
Wolf Wajsbrot

Wolf Wajsbrot (3 March 1925 - 21 February 1944) was a member of the French Resistance under the Nazi occupation. Born in the Polish town of Kraśnik, his parents moved to France, eventually settling in Paris, shortly after his birth due to increasing anti-semitism and a worsening economic climate.
In 1939, the year Germany invaded Poland and war was declared, Wajsbrot gained his school leaving certificate and began training to be a mechanic. Following the Nazi occupation of Paris, Wajsbrot's parents were arrested in the Vel' d'Hiv Roundup ("Rafle du Vel' d'Hiv") on 16 July 1942 and deported. Wajsbrot joined the Communist resistance group "Francs-tireurs et partisans - Main-d'œuvre immigrée" shortly afterwards and proved to be a key member in the violent actions they brought against the occupiers. Six days after his eighteenth birthday, Wajsbrot threw a grenade into a train carriage reserved for German soldiers, causing "undescribable damage" according to an eye-witness.
Wajsbrot's photograph was one of ten featuring on the Affiche Rouge, the iconic Nazi propaganda poster describing the FTP as an "army of crime". 
By mid-1943, however, the Germans had begun to close in on the "Francs-Tireurs et Partisans". Following the capture of one of the group's leaders and the subsequent information gained from his torture, the remaining of the members of his cell (Wajsbrot among them) were captured in November 1943. Between his capture and subsequent trial in February of the following year, Wajsbrot was interrogated and tortured. After a one-day trial, he was condemned to death. On the afternoon of 21 February 1944, at the age of eighteen, Wajsbrot was executed at Mont Valérien, in a suburb of Paris. 
He is buried in the Parisian cemetery of Ivry under the words "Mort pour la France" (died for France).

</doc>
<doc id="19235236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235236" title="Bəyimli">
Bəyimli

Bəyimli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19235238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235238" title="Unison (collaboration software)">
Unison (collaboration software)

Unison is collaboration software that provides private group spaces, "rooms", to teams. It was developed by Unison Technologies, Inc., of New York City, which promotes the software as a faster alternative to group email or enterprise social networks. Functionality includes instant messaging, voice and video chat, and private "rooms" where employees can post updates, files or images and respond with comments.
Unison is distributed under a freemium business model.
The software currently supports Windows PC, Mac and Linux via its web client. Unison also has clients for iOS and Android.
History.
Earlier versions of Unison focused on unified communications, including email integration, were released in March 2008 and a commercial version in July, 2008, followed by a hosted service in 2011. These versions were deprecated, and a new version launched in 2012 as a hosted service.

</doc>
<doc id="19235330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235330" title="Government of Latvia">
Government of Latvia

The Government of Latvia is the central government of the Republic of Latvia. The Constitution of Latvia (Satversme) outlines the nation as a parliamentary republic represented by a unicameral parliament (Saeima) and the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia, which form the executive branch of the Government of Latvia.
Since early 2000s cabinet meetings in Latvia are open to the public. In June 2013 Latvian government became one of the first in Europe to offer live internet broadcasts of the cabinet meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="19235348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235348" title="Music of Los Angeles">
Music of Los Angeles

As well as being one of the most important cities in the world in the film industry, Los Angeles, California, is also one of the most important places in the world for the recorded music industry. Many landmarks in Los Angeles - such as Capitol Records, which resembles a stack of albums - are representative of this. A&M Records long occupied a studio off Sunset Boulevard built by Charlie Chaplin (who wrote the music for his own films). The Warner Brothers built a major recording business in addition to their film business. At the other end of the business, local Rhino Records began a reissue boom by digging through archives of old recordings and repackaging them for modern audiences.
History.
20th century.
During the 1930s and 1940s Los Angeles had a vibrant African-American musical community even when it was relatively small: a number of musical artists congregated around Central Avenue, and the community produced a number of great talents, including Charles Mingus, Buddy Collette, Gerald Wilson, but in the 1950s it disappeared.
In the 1960s the Sunset Strip became a breeding ground for bands like The Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, and The Doors. The Beach Boys were founded in nearby Hawthorne.
There was a sizable punk rock movement in the 1970s which spawned the hardcore punk movement featuring bands like X, Black Flag and Wasted Youth.
In the late 1970s, bands such as Toto were some of the most 'heard' bands on radio; as most of the musicians in the band were well known session musicians.
In the 1980s, the Paisley Underground movement was native to Los Angeles in rock music. In rap music, the seminal career of N.W.A. would later lead the development of G-Funk out of the combination of P-Funk and gangsta rap. Much internationally acclaimed hard rock has come out of Los Angeles since the 1980s, including hard rockers Van Halen from nearby Pasadena; Guns N' Roses whose critically acclaimed debut Appetite for Destruction is the best selling debut album in history; glam metal/hair metal bands like Mötley Crüe and Ratt; thrash metal acts like Metallica and Slayer, and also '90s rock bands such as KoЯn and especially Red Hot Chili Peppers.
In the 1990s, Los Angeles' contribution to rock music continued with acclaimed artists such as Elliott Smith, Beck, Weezer, Sublime of Long Beach, Tool and Rage Against the Machine. At the end of the 1990s, the nu metal band Linkin Park was formed in Agoura, and was named after Lincoln Park in Santa Monica, near their recording studio. In addition, the gangsta rap and G-funk of the solo careers of Dr. Dre, Eazy-E, Ice Cube, Tupac Shakur and Snoop Dogg, among related acts, flourished in this decade and reestablished Los Angeles (particularly the communities of Long Beach and Compton) as a center of African-American musical development and G-funk as one of hip-hop's major living styles.
In the late 1990s, alternative rock artists such as Eels also rose to fame.
After 2000.
In the new millennium, the city retains its importance as a center of live rock music, rap, and of the music industry. After 2000, LA based noise rock acts like Liars, Health and No Age became famous world wide (mainly Europe and America) touring bands. The Game became one of the most prominent voices in modern hip-hop, rising to prominence internationally in part due to a feud with New York's famous rapper 50 Cent.
The L.A. indie scene currently rides the wave through neighborhoods like Hollywood, Koreatown, Los Feliz, Silverlake, and Echo Park, which have given rise to such bands as Moving Units, Rilo Kiley, Earlimart, Autolux, Scarling., Giant Drag, Best Coast, and Local Natives. The venue The Smell became a prominent spot after 2000 where many new avant garde indie rock acts like Abe Vigoda, Anavan, Ancestors, BARR, Foot Village, Carla Bozulich, Captain Ahab, David Scott Stone, Health, Laco$te, Lavender Diamond, The Mae Shi, Mika Miko, Nite Jewel, Mellowdrone, No Age, Silver Daggers, Thrones, and Upsilon Acrux started their careers. The rap-rock group Hollywood Undead represents one of the most prominent acts of the so-called budding scene music subgenre developing in Los Angeles out of the emo subculture. Skeleteen is a band from LA as well.
The Rave scene and electronic music have become extremely popular in Los Angeles in the late 2000s and 2010s. Particularly House Music, Dubstep and Drum and Bass, which have all developed very strong scenes in Los Angeles. The Electric Daisy Carnival festival which is an electronic dance music festival and had an attendance of over 185,000 people over a two day weekend. Making it the largest dance music festival in North America and one of the largest in the world. Other festivals such as Together As One, Monster Massive, Nocturnal and Hard Fest have had attendances of 50,000+ to 125,000+, Which undoubtedly makes Los Angeles the rave capital of North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19235366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235366" title="Buttercross">
Buttercross

A buttercross, also known as butter cross, is a type of market cross associated with English market towns and dating from medieval times. Its name originates from the fact that they were located at the market place, where people from neighbouring villages would gather to buy locally produced butter, milk and eggs. The fresh produce was laid out and displayed on the circular stepped bases of the cross.
Their design varies from place to place, but they are often covered by some type of roof to offer shelter, although the roofs were mostly added at a much later date than the original cross they cover.
Known buttercrosses.
English towns and villages known to have a buttercross include:

</doc>
<doc id="19235380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235380" title="Vouch by Reference">
Vouch by Reference

Vouch by Reference (VBR) is a protocol used in Internet mail systems for implementing sender certification by third-party entities. Independent certification providers vouch for the reputation of senders by verifying the domain name that is associated with transmitted electronic mail. VBR information can be used by a message transfer agent, a mail delivery agent or by an email client.
The protocol is intended to become a standard for email sender certification, and is described in RFC 5518.
Operation.
Email sender.
A user of a VBR email certification service signs its messages using DomainKeys Identified Mail (DKIM) and includes a "VBR-Info" field in the signed header. The sender may also use the Sender Policy Framework to authenticate its domain name. The VBR-Info: header field contains the domain name that is being certified, typically the responsible domain in a DKIM signature (d= tag), the type of content in the message, and a list of one or more vouching services, that is the domain names of the services that vouch for the sender for that kind of content:
Email receiver.
An email receiver can authenticate the message's domain name using DKIM or SPF, thus finding the domains that are responsible for the message. It then obtains the name of a vouching service that it trusts, either from among the set supplied by the sender or from a locally configured set of preferred vouching services. Using the Domain Name System, the receiver can verify whether a vouching service actually vouches for a given domain. To do so, the receiver queries a codice_1 resource record for the name composed:
The returned data, if any, is a space-delimited list of all the types that the service vouches, given as lowercase ASCII. They should match the self-asserted message content. The types defined are codice_2, codice_3, and codice_4. Auditing the message may allow to establish whether its content corresponds. The result of the authentication can be saved in a new header field, according to RFC 6212, like so:
Implementations and variations.
OpenDKIM and MDaemon Messaging Server by Alt-N Technologies have been among the first software implementations of VBR. OpenDKIM provides a milter as well as a standalone library.
Roaring Penguin Software's CanIt anti-spam filter supports VBR as of version 7.0.8 released on 2010-11-09.
Spamhaus has released "The Spamhaus Whitelist" that includes a domain based whitelist, the "DWL", where a domain name can be queried as, e.g., codice_5. Although the standard only specifies codice_1 resource records, following a long established DNSBL practice, Spamhaus has also assigned codice_7 resource records with values 127.0.2.0/24 for whitelist return codes. The possibility to query an address may allow easier deployment of existing code. However, their "techfaq" recommends checking the domain (the value of the codice_8 tag) of a valid codice_9 by querying the corresponding codice_1 record, and their "howto" gives details about inserting codice_11 header fields in messages signed by whitelisted domains.

</doc>
<doc id="19235387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235387" title="Walter Sillers, Jr.">
Walter Sillers, Jr.

Walter Sillers Jr. (April 13, 1888 – September 24, 1966) was an American lawyer and legislative leader from Mississippi. An ardent segregationist, he was part of the splinter Dixiecrat movement of 1948. 
Sillers was born in Rosedale. Originally an attorney, he served in the Mississippi House of Representatives from 1916–1966. He served as Speaker of that body from January 4, 1944 until his death on September 24, 1966. He was a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions of 1916, 1924, 1944, 1948, 1952, and 1956. 
He married Lena Roberts on November 22, 1911, and is buried at Beulah Cemetery in Beulah, Mississippi.

</doc>
<doc id="19235404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235404" title="Immedinger">
Immedinger

The Immedinger were a noble family of medieval Saxony, descended from the Saxon leader Widukind. The most notable member was Saint Matilda (d. 968), queen consort of King Henry I of Germany.
They were important benefactors of the church in tenth century Saxony with members including the Saint Emma of Lesum and her brother Bishop Meinwerk of Paderborn. Matilda's grandmother Matilda I was abbess at Herford Abbey. About 940 one Count Immad of the Immedinger dynasty established a convent of nuns at Ringelheim in Eastphalia. Queen Matilda herself upon the death of her husband in 936 donated Quedlinburg Abbey, where she is also buried.
According to the "Res gestae saxonicae" by the chronicler Widukind of Corvey, Matilda's father, the Westphalian count Dietrich, was a descendant of "dux" Widukind. A sister of her married Count Wichmann the Elder from the House of Billung. A genealogy has not yet been conclusively established.

</doc>
<doc id="19235504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235504" title="Qarabağlı, Agsu">
Qarabağlı, Agsu

Qarabağlı (also, Kalabegla, Karabagly, Kalabegli, and Kalabekly) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 222. 

</doc>
<doc id="19235514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235514" title="Electoral history of Cynthia McKinney">
Electoral history of Cynthia McKinney

Electoral history of Cynthia McKinney, Democratic Representative from Georgia 11th and 4th congressional district (1993–2003, 2003–2005), and 2008 Green Party Presidential nominee.
Congressional races.
Georgia's 11th congressional district, 1992 (Democratic primary):
Georgia's 11th congressional district, 1992 (Democratic primary runoff):
Georgia's 11th congressional district, 1992:
Georgia's 11th congressional district, 1994:
Georgia's 4th congressional district, 1996 (Democratic primary):
Georgia's 4th congressional district, 1996:
Georgia's 4th congressional district, 1998:
Georgia's 4th congressional district, 2000:
Georgia's 4th congressional district, 2002 (Democratic primary):
Georgia's 4th congressional district, 2004 (Democratic primary):
Georgia's 4th congressional district, 2004:
Georgia's 4th congressional district, 2006 (Democratic primary):
Georgia's 4th congressional district, 2006 (Democratic primary runoff):
Presidential races.
Peace and Freedom Party presidential primary in California, 2008:
Peace and Freedom Party Convention (Presidential tally), 2008:
Green Party National Convention, 2008:
Green Party 2008 ticket:

</doc>
<doc id="19235523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235523" title="Augustus Christian Frederick, Duke of Anhalt-Köthen">
Augustus Christian Frederick, Duke of Anhalt-Köthen

Augustus Christian Frederick of Anhalt-Köthen (Köthen, 18 November 1769 – Schloss Geuz, 5 May 1812), was a German prince of the House of Ascania, ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Köthen, and from 1806 the first "Duke of Anhalt-Köthen."
He was the eldest son of Karl George Lebrecht, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, by his wife Louise Charlotte, daughter of Frederick, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1789, Augustus Christian Frederick inherited Anhalt-Köthen. Like him, he pursued a military career in the Prussian army, where he became a "Generalmajor".
On 15 May 1803 he was appointed "Generalfeldmarschallleutnant" and on 31 January 1805 made a knight of the Order of the Black Eagle. 
In Frankfurt-am-Main on 9 February 1792 Augustus Christian Frederick married Fredericka (b. Usingen, 30 August 1777 - d. Hochheim, 28 August 1821), daughter of Frederick Augustus, Prince of Nassau-Usingen and later (1806) Duke of Nassau. After eleven years of an unhappy and childless marriage, they were divorced in 1803. 
On 18 April 1806 Napoleon granted him the title "Monsieur d'Anhalt" and with this officially elevated him to the Ducal diginity. 
At his death six years later without male issue, Augustus Christian Frederick was succeeded by his infant nephew Louis Augustus Karl Frederick Emil, the son of his deceased younger brother Louis. 

</doc>
<doc id="19235538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235538" title="Edward I (disambiguation)">
Edward I (disambiguation)

Edward I of England (1239–1307) was King of England from 1272 to 1307.
Edward I may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19235543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235543" title="OUDC">
OUDC

OUDC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19235544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235544" title="KQIK">
KQIK

KQIK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19235545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235545" title="Futurex">
Futurex

Futurex LP, commonly referred to as Futurex, is a privately held Texas-based information technology company specialized in cryptography.
Futurex provides data encryption solutions for financial institutions, retailers, and terminal manufacturers. Their principal product lines have included industry compliant hardware security modules, key management systems, key injection devices, and disaster recovery and load balancing systems.
The company’s current products include the SSP Series universal hardware security modules, SKI Series point-of-sale key management and clean room injection modules, and KMS Series key management and remote key loading solution.

</doc>
<doc id="19235575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235575" title="Zhang Jian (politician)">
Zhang Jian (politician)

Zhang Jian (Chinese: 张謇; 1853 - 1926), courtesy name Jizhi (季直), sobriquet Se'an (啬庵), was a Chinese entrepreneur, politician and educationist. 
Biography.
Zhang was born in Haimen County, Jiangsu Province in 1853. He took the Imperial Examinations of Qing Dynasty and attained "Zhuangyuan", or "exemplar of state" in 1894, and subsequently served in Hanlin Academy. 
In 1909, Zhang was elected the chairman of Jiangsu provincial parliament. In 1912, Zhang drafted the "Abdication Edict" for Puyi, the last emperor of China. He was appointed as the Minister of Enterprise of the temporary government of the Republic of China. In 1913, Zhang became the Minister of Industry and Commerce and Minister of Agriculture and Forestry in Beiyang Government. In 1914, he served as the director of the State Administration of Water Resources. 
Achievements.
Zhang founded the first normal school in modern China, Nantong Normal College. He established the first private museum of China, Nantong museum. 
The ideal he advocated, "Enterprise as Father, Education as Mother", has a profound impact on Chinese history. In his life, he founded over 20 companies, and over 370 schools, and made a significant contribution to the industrialization and education of modern China.

</doc>
<doc id="19235590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235590" title="Məlikçobanlı">
Məlikçobanlı

Məlikçobanlı or Melik-Chobany or Melikchobanly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19235620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235620" title="Tush (Ghostface Killah song)">
Tush (Ghostface Killah song)

"Tush", censored as the alternate title "Push", is the first single by Ghostface Killah off the album "The Pretty Toney Album" and features vocals by Missy Elliott. The song samples "Naked Truth" by The Best of Both Worlds.
Lyrical content.
The song is explicitly about sex, and contains complex lyrics, word play, and fast tempo delivery. Both of which being a staple of the duo's previous solo outputs.
Reviews.
"Tush" was the subject of many mixed reviews. One reviewer felt the song helped Ghostface's push into the mainstream, while others felt the clean, over-production was at odds with Ghost's irrepressible street credibility.
Starpulse however felt the song showed both Missy and Ghost in top form and called the wordplay clever.

</doc>
<doc id="19235701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235701" title="Dennis John (footballer)">
Dennis John (footballer)

Dennis John (27 January 1935 – 12 April 2013) was a Welsh professional footballer who played for Plymouth Argyle, Swansea Town, Scunthorpe United and Millwall.
John was part of the Millwall squad that went unbeaten in 59 consecutive league matches at home, a record at the time, from 24 August 1964 until 14 January 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19235703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235703" title="Ariconium">
Ariconium

Ariconium was a road station of Roman Britain mentioned in Iter XIII of the "Iter Britanniarum" of the Antonine Itineraries. It was located at Bury Hill in the parish of Weston under Penyard, about east of Ross on Wye, Herefordshire, and about southeast of Hereford. The site existed prior to the Roman era, and then came under Roman control. It was abandoned, perhaps shortly after 360, but precisely when and under what circumstances is unknown.
Discovered as a result of efforts to map the stations of the Antonine Itineraries, research and excavation have provided the only information on its history, to date showing it to have been a place of bloom furnaces, forges, and iron working throughout its existence.
Context.
The Forest of Dean and nearby areas were an ancient source of iron ore and charcoal. There is evidence of early mining and smelting, and there were many sites consisting of groups of forges. The site of "Ariconium" was on the rise of a hill, where airflow is increased due to the terrain. This favoured the establishment of bloomeries, an ancient process that produced imperfect iron, together with cinders, dirt, and unreduced oxide. A Roman contribution was the use of bellows, causing an air blast that was hotter and produced better but unforgeable iron, requiring a further refining by reheating, and using a great deal of charcoal. The cinder refuse or "scoriae" was dumped in great piles at such sites.
Discovery of the site.
In the early years of serious research into the locations of stations on the Antonine Itineraries, the location of "Ariconium" was in doubt, and William Camden (1551–1623) suggested "Magnis", the site of modern Kenchester, some northwest of modern Hereford. Later analysis of the Antonine Itineraries, notably by John Horsley (1685–1732), refined previous estimates and ultimately placed "Ariconium" at Bury Hill, Weston under Penyard, west-northwest of "Glevum" (at modern Gloucester), and northeast of "Blestium" (at modern Monmouth). With confidence that the overgrown ruins near Weston under Penyard were actually the site of "Ariconium", local people began clearing away the brush, revealing the enormous magnitude of the cinder piles, and further revealing the walls of buildings. Stories emerged of significant Roman-era relics, and there were unverified stories that existing relics having no provenance had actually been found in "Ariconium". 
Such capable modern research as has been done so far supports the characterisation of a large iron working site with massive refuse piles covering approximately , pottery remnants, and numerous artifacts. Finds have included pre-Roman British coins, including one minted by Cunobelin, and coins from the Roman arrival until 360, after which there are no coins found.
History.
The site was occupied by the pre-Roman Britons, likely as part of an iron working industry. It was continually occupied throughout the Roman era, and the scale of industrial activity increased over the period. It is clear that there was a focus of settlement activity near Bromsash, but the area appears to some archaeologists to have contained dispersed centres of activity and settlement rather than a Roman town. "Ariconium"'s only documented significance is as a station on Iter XIII of the "Iter Britanniarum", with the single mention there being its only mention in classical history. 
It seems to have been abandoned shortly after 360. Its sudden abandonment is consistent with a violent end, and may be related to the collapse of authority and widespread marauding at that time, as reported by Ammianus, a situation that lasted for almost a decade, and from which parts of Roman Britain never recovered. Evidence of later occupation of the site has not been found.
The name.
The origin of the name "Ariconium" is uncertain, as is its pre-Roman name. The Romans often named a place in recognition of some feature of the terrain, or in recognition of the people then living in the area. There is a similarity to other Roman place-names such as "Viroconium" (post-Roman Welsh: "Caer Guricon"), also known as "Uriconium", but as yet no established connection to them.
It is generally believed that "Ariconium" is the origin of the name of the post-Roman kingdom of Ergyng, although "Ariconium" was located outside the later boundaries of Ergyng. It is plausible that both derive from an earlier name for a wider area. In turn, Ergyng is believed to have given its name to Archenfield.
Since 2008, it has been used as the generic name for a united benefice of six Church of England parishes in the area - Aston Ingham, Hope Mansel, Lea, Linton, Upton Bishop and Weston-under-Penyard.
In literature.
As with many other places in Britain, there have been speculative articles written that connect "Ariconium" to the characters in Arthurian tales. Some are careful with their wording and state that they are not asserting historical facts; others are less careful and propagate fiction in the guise of hypothesis.
There are occasional mentions of "Ariconium" in poetic works, but there is nothing to connect them with the Ariconium of this article. They may be references to Kenchester at a time when Camden placed the site there, or to a similar-sounding word such as "Uriconium", or to some other place or person; or as works of poetry, they may refer to nothing in particular at all.
References.
Bibliography
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19235777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235777" title="Sutton Tunnel railway accident">
Sutton Tunnel railway accident

The Sutton Tunnel railway accident occurred in the Sutton tunnel between Frodsham and Moore in Cheshire, England on 30 April 1851. As a result of it nine people died and between 30 and 40 were injured.
Accident.
On 18 December 1850 a new railway was opened between Chester and Warrington by the Birkenhead, Lancashire and Cheshire Junction Railway. This halved the distance by rail between Manchester and Chester as trains could travel via Warrington rather than via Crewe. An early attraction to be served by the new line was Chester Races, in particular the Chester Cup on 30 April 1851. The line was advertised as "The Direct Route to Chester Races" and it is estimated that 4,000 people gathered at Manchester Victoria station during the morning of that day. The trains struggled to get the passengers to Chester, with one train arriving 2½ hours late and passengers from another train of 50 carriages having to walk part of the way.
After the races, by 6 pm one train had already left Chester General station and soon after another train carrying about 430 passengers departed. A further train was standing in sidings with a notice "Manchester via Warrington" on its side. People crossed the line and completely filled the train. It was estimated that 900 passengers were crowded into 18 small carriages. The train left the siding at about 6.50 pm hauled by the locomotive "Druid". It was assisted up the incline from Chester station by another locomotive, No. 16, pushing at the back. No. 16 returned to Chester to collect its own train and the train pulled by "Druid" made "good speed" to Frodsham where some passengers left it. By then it had begun to rain, this had turned to sleet, and the driving wheels had started to slip. From Frodsham station to the Sutton Weaver Viaduct there is an adverse gradient of 1:240 and the fireman and a local platelayer sanded the rails. Despite this the train made only slow progress, even on the level viaduct. Beyond the viaduct the tunnel also had an adverse gradient of 1:264 and it was a struggle to keep the train moving. By this time the train hauled by No. 16 had left Chester with only 430 passengers and was catching up with "Druid's" train. By the time it arrived near Sutton tunnel it was only – behind it. "Druid's" guard signalled to the following train to come behind and push his train. This it did but then No. 16's wheels also began to slip. In the middle of the tunnel the two trains came to a virtual or complete halt.
By now the next train, pulled by "Albert", had arrived in Frodsham station and it was allowed to leave two minutes later. This was 14 minutes after No. 16's train had left and 24 minutes after "Druid's" train; the company's rules allowed trains to pass intermediate stations at intervals of five minutes. "Albert's" train entered the tunnel at 15–20 miles per hour. The driver noticed a lot of steam in the tunnel and stated that he slowed, but his train collided with the rear of No. 16's train. The guard from No. 16's train walked back with a red light and stopped the next train on the viaduct. Two doctors were called from Frodsham and one from Halton village. In the accident five people had been killed outright and four died later. Between 30 and 40 people were injured. About 1,600 people were crowded inside the tunnel in complete darkness.
Inquest and report.
An inquest was held in Preston Brook and the jury returned a verdict of accidental death. The jury also added their unanimous opinion that the company should accept "great blame" and that "there was a want of prudence and discretion" on the part of the "officers and servants" of the company. A report was prepared by Captain R. E. Laffan who was appointed by the Commissioners of Railways. Captain Laffin was critical of the secretary of the company, the locomotive superintendent, the three drivers, two of the guards and the Frodsham station master, but in particular he blamed the executive committee of the railway company. He made six recommendations: a station should be built at each end of the tunnel and that the stations should be connected by an electric telegraph; two guards should be provided on each train rather than one; the locomotive stock and number of carriages should be increased; a more efficient staff should be engaged; all passenger carriages passing through the tunnel should be provided with lights; the interval of five minutes between trains should be increased. The stations were built. At the Frodsham end the station went first by the name of Runcorn, then Runcorn Road, and finally Halton; it is now closed. At the other end was Norton station, which has been replaced by Runcorn East station.

</doc>
<doc id="19235790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235790" title="No. 209 Squadron RAF">
No. 209 Squadron RAF

No. 209 Squadron of the British Royal Air Force was originally formed from a nucleus of "Naval Eight" on 1 February 1917 at Saint-Pol-sur-Mer, France, as No. 9 Squadron Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS) and saw active service in both World Wars, the Korean War and in Malaya. The use of the squadron number ceased in 1968 and has not been reused since by an RAF squadron.
History.
Formation and World War I.
The Squadron was formed as a Royal Air Force Squadron on 1 April 1918, from No. 9 Squadron, Royal Naval Air Service at Clairmarais. (All former RNAS squadrons were renumbered by the addition of 200 to their RNAS number.) During the remainder of World War I, 209 Squadron flew Sopwith Camels over the Western Front on fighter and ground support missions. The Squadron badge, the falling eagle, symbolizes the destruction of Baron Manfred von Richthofen who, in the 1914–1918 War, was credited to the guns of a pilot, Roy Brown from No. 209 Squadron. On 21 January 1919, the squadron was reduced to a skeleton organization and disbanded in the UK on 24 June 1919 at RAF Scopwick, Lincolnshire.
The interbellum.
No. 209 reformed at the flying boat base at RAF Mount Batten, Plymouth on 15 January 1930. It was first equipped with Blackburn Iris flying boats and then from January 1934 by Blackburn Perth but neither of these types were built in sufficient quantities to equip the squadron fully. In July 1936, however, the squadron was fully equipped with Short Singapore Mk.IIIs and it was transferred to RAF Kalafrana, Malta in September 1937 for three months. In December 1938, No 209 began to convert to yet another flying boat type, the Supermarine Stranraer.
World War II.
When World War II was declared, No.209 moved to Invergordon to patrol the North Sea between Scotland and Norway. From October 1939 it patrolled the Atlantic from Oban. Two further re-equipments occurred, in December 1939 (Saro Lerwicks) and then in April 1941 (Consolidated Catalinas). Familiarisation with the U.S. supplied Catalinas was aided by the secondment of U.S. military personnel who also flew on active service patrols, despite the U.S. being a neutral power at the time. Anti-submarine patrols were flown over the Atlantic from RAF Castle Archdale on Loch Erne, in Northern Ireland, using the Donegal Corridor over neutral Ireland. During this time, in May 1941, a patrol by No.209 (with an American crewman) located the German battleship "Bismarck".
In August 1941, the squadron moved to Iceland for two months. From March 1942 until July 1945, No.209 was stationed in East Africa. It flew patrols over the Indian Ocean with detached bases in South Africa, Madagascar, Oman and the Seychelles to extend its cover. In July 1945 the squadron moved to Ceylon (now Sri Lanka), with recently acquired Short Sunderland MkVs, with a detachment at Rangoon (now Yangon), to harass Japanese shipping along the coast from Burma (now Myanmar) to Malaya.
Post war.
Hong Kong and Seletar.
After the Japanese surrender in August 1945, a detachment was sent to Hong Kong in September, followed by the rest of the squadron in October. In April 1946 the squadron moved to Singapore. A detachment remained at RAF Kai Tak and became No.1430 flight and then No.88 Squadron. The squadron headquarters was established at RAF Seletar (sometimes referred to as "Seltar"), on Singapore Island on 18 May 1946 and No.209 and was named "City of Hong Kong" Squadron on 23 January 1947.
To Korea.
Operation "Firedog" missions during the Malayan Emergency began on 7 July 1948. In September 1950, during the Korean War, the aircraft were moved to Iwakuni, Yamaguchi, Japan to patrol off the Korean coast from 15 September. On 1 January 1955 the squadron merged with No. 205 Squadron.
With Pioneers in the transport role.
On 1 November 1958 No. 267 Squadron at RAF Kuala Lumpur was renumbered 209 Squadron and flew Scottish Aviation Pioneers and Scottish Aviation Twin Pioneers on liaison and transport duties in Malaysia. No.209 Squadron was finally disbanded on 31 December 1968 at RAF Seletar.

</doc>
<doc id="19235823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235823" title="Afjeh">
Afjeh

Afjeh (, also Romanized as Afcheh, Efje, and Afche) is a village in Lavasan-e Kuchak Rural District, Lavasanat District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 685, in 186 families.

</doc>
<doc id="19235836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235836" title="Aleksander Šeliga">
Aleksander Šeliga

Aleksander Šeliga (born 1 February 1980 in Celje) is a Slovenian footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for a Slovenian club Olimpija.
Club career.
Early career.
Šeliga played most of his career for hometown club Celje in the Slovenian PrvaLiga. With this club, he also participated in the UEFA Cup. In 2005 he joined Slavia Prague, but after an unsuccessful period with the Czech side, he returned to Celje.
Sparta Rotterdam.
In the summer of 2009, Šeliga was tested by two clubs in the Netherlands. The first club, SC Heerenveen, was in desperate need for a keeper. After training with the side, he did not get a contract. The second club where he tried his luck was Sparta Rotterdam. The club also needed a keeper, after Cássio Ramos returned to PSV Eindhoven after an ended loan-period. After a brief internship, Šeliga signed a contract for two years. In his first season with Sparta (2009–10), he was chosen as first keeper by a manager Frans Adelaar.
International career.
As of 2007, Šeliga has been a constant feature of the Slovenian national team as either a recall or a call-up reserve. He earned his first and more than deserved cap for the Slovene national side on 3 March 2010, after taking the field as a substitute in an international friendly against Qatar in Maribor, which Slovenia had subsequently won 4 -1.

</doc>
<doc id="19235845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235845" title="Mandić">
Mandić

Mandić () is a Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian surname, derived from the nickname "Manda", a diminutive of the female given name Magdalena. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19235846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235846" title="Sabrina, the Teenage Witch (soundtrack)">
Sabrina, the Teenage Witch (soundtrack)

Sabrina, the Teenage Witch – The Album is a soundtrack album released on October 27, 1998, by Geffen Records. It contains music featured in the "Sabrina" TV series, including one song recorded by actress Melissa Joan Hart, who plays Sabrina Spellman in the show. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="19235863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235863" title="Mary Burchell">
Mary Burchell

Ida Cook (born 24 August 1904 in Sunderland, England - d. 22 December 1986) was a British campaigner for Jewish refugees and a romance novelist as Mary Burchell.
Ida Cook and her sister Mary Louise Cook (1901–1991) rescued Jews from the Nazis during the 1930s. The sisters helped 29 people escape, funded mainly by Ida's writing. In 1965, the Cook sisters were honored as Righteous Gentiles by the Yad Vashem Martyrs and Heroes Remembrance Authority in Israel.
Since 1936, Ida Cook wrote more than 125 romance novels as Mary Burchell for Mills & Boon (reedited by Harlequin). She helped to found, and was the second president of the Romantic Novelists' Association from 1966 to 1986. She wrote her autobiography in 1950, "We Followed Our Stars", later re-edited and expanded as "Safe Passage", which is currently in print.
Biography.
Personal life.
Ida Cook was born 24 August 1904 in Sunderland, England. With her elder sister Mary Louise Cook (1901–1991), she attended the Duchess' School in Alnwick and later took civil service jobs in London. Ida with her sister, Louise, developed a passionate interest in opera.
During the 1930s, as part of the work they undertook to help Jews to escape from the Nazi regime, the sisters visited Germany on multiple occasions, using their true fanaticism for opera as a cover for their frequent travel. When returning to England, they smuggled valuables (such as jewellery), which allowed Jews fleeing Germany to satisfy the British financial security requirements for immigration. They worked with Austrian conductor Clemens Krauss and his wife, the soprano Viorica Ursuleac, who initially had told them of the persecution of the Jews. The sisters helped 29 people escape, funded mainly by Ida's writing. In 1965, the Cook sisters were honoured as Righteous among the Nations by the Yad Vashem Martyrs and Heroes Remembrance Authority in Israel. In 2010 they were posthumously named a British Hero of the Holocaust by the British Government.
Writing career.
In 1936, Ida published her first romance novels as Mary Burchell. During her career she wrote more than 125 romances for Mills & Boon (re-edited by Harlequin Books), including the famous "The Warrender Saga", a series about the Opera and concert hall world. She incorporated many famous operas (Otello, Eugene Onegin, and Carmen, among others) into these Warrender series plots.
She also wrote some "western" novels as James Keene with the author William Everett Cook (aka Will Cook or Frank Peace).
In 1950, she wrote her autobiography, "We Followed Our Stars", later re-edited and expanded as "Safe Passage", which is currently in print.
She was the subject of "This Is Your Life" in 1956 when she was surprised by Eamonn Andrews at the BBC Television Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19235871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235871" title="Dancy">
Dancy

Dancy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19235874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235874" title="Seydou Badian Kouyaté">
Seydou Badian Kouyaté

Seydou Badian Kouyaté (born in 1928) is a Malian writer and politician.
Life.
Born in Bamako, Kouyaté studied medicine at the University of Montpellier in France before returning to Mali. Under president Modibo Keïta, he wrote the words for Mali's national anthem, "Pour l'Afrique et pour toi, Mali". In the Plan of September 17, 1962 he was named Minister of Economic and Financial Coordination; however, with the "coup d'état" of 1968, and the rise to the presidency of Moussa Traoré, he was deported to Kidal before being exiled to Dakar, in Senegal. Associated from its beginning with the Sudanese Union-African Democratic Rally, he was removed from the party in 1998 for having opposed part of its plan to refuse recognition to certain institutions participating in contested elections.
Kouyaté is also internationally known as a writer; even before Mali's independence, in 1957, he had published his first novel, "Sous l'orage". This was followed by two other novels, "Le Sang des masques" in 1976 and "Noces sacrées" in 1977. In 2007 his novel "La Saison des pièges" was published.

</doc>
<doc id="19235942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235942" title="Cyril Restieaux">
Cyril Restieaux

Cyril Edward Restieaux (25 February 1910 – 27 February 1996) was Ordinary of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Plymouth in the Province of Southwark from 9 April 1955 to 19 November 1985. He was born in Norwich and ordained as a priest on 1 November 1932. 
He was appointed Bishop of Plymouth on 9 April 1955 and was consecrated bishop on 14 June 1955 by Archbishop Francis Joseph Grimshaw of Birmingham, Archbishop John Aloysius Murphy of Cardiff and Bishop Joseph Rudderham of Clifton.
He was the principal consecrator of the present Bishop of Plymouth, Hugh Christopher Budd, and assisted at the consecration of the late Archbishop George Patrick Dwyer and the late Bishop James McGuinness.
He died in 1996, two days after his 86th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="19235965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235965" title="Horsley Woodhouse">
Horsley Woodhouse

Horsley Woodhouse is a village and civil parish in the Amber Valley district of Derbyshire, in the East Midlands of England. It is situated on the A609 road between the neighbouring villages of Kilburn and Smalley. The nearest towns are Heanor, situated 2.6 miles (4.2 km) northeast, and Belper, 3.2 miles (5.1 km) northwest, while the city of Derby is located about 6 miles (9.6 km) south-southwest.
The name is said to mean "houses in the wood belonging to Horsley", and is often known by its dialect pronunciation "Ossley Woodhus".
Carnival.
Each year in July the village hosts a carnival with a parade of floats from the Medical Centre to the showground at the Sitwell Recreation Ground. A prize, the Twins Cup, is awarded to the best float each year. The winner in 2010 was the Pirate Ship created by the Stainsby Avenue residents. The prize was split in 2011 between the Stainsby Avenue residents' Circus float, and the Pre-School's Royal Wedding float. The carnival showground features rides and sideshows and is also the venue for the Amber Valley Marching Bands Contest. The winning band at the 2010 competition was the Derby Midshipmen.
Pubs.
The village currently has two pubs: The Old Oak Inn on the main village street, and the Sitwell Arms in the hamlet of Woodside. The Old Oak is owned by a family group including the owner/head brewer of Heanor based Leadmill Brewery, selling their ales along with those from other small brewers. The pub has won CAMRA pub of the year on a number of occasions. 
as was the Knife and Steel pub, which closed several years ago.
Also in the village is the Ex-servicemen's and Working Men's Club, a private club which holds entertainment such as live bands, discos, quiz nights and bingo.
Notable Buildings.
To the South-East of the village, almost in Smalley but still within Horsley Woodhouse parish, was Stainsby House. Built in the 1780s, by the end of the 18th Century it had been acquired by the Wilmot-Sitwell family, relatives of the Sitwells of Renishaw Hall through George Sitwell. The Wilmot-Sitwells were great benefactors to the villages of Horsley Woodhouse, Horsley, Smalley and Morley. The present Church Hall in Horsley Woodhouse was originally built as a school in 1869 by the Wilmot-Sitwells. Once the Wilmot-Sitwell line had died out the house was sold and eventually demolished in 1972. A new, futuristic-looking house was then built, also called Stainsby House. This new house was used as a location in the BBC television production of Life and Loves of a She Devil.
Hollies Farm in the centre of the village was built in the late 17th Century and was used as a tannery for many years by the Richardson family. This family later moved the business to Derby and eventually to the Eagle Tannery in Sinfin. Hollies Farm has been the subject of a planning application to demolish it in order to build houses.
St Susanna's church was erected in 1882. A Stained glass window was given by the Wilmot-Sitwells.

</doc>
<doc id="19235975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235975" title="Prince Louis of Anhalt-Köthen">
Prince Louis of Anhalt-Köthen

Louis of Anhalt-Köthen (b. Köthen, 25 September 1778 - d. Köthen, 16 September 1802) was a German prince of the House of Ascania.
He was the third son of Karl George Lebrecht, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, and his wife Louise Charlotte, daughter of Frederick, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg.
Life.
The death of his brother Karl William in 1793 made Louis the next in line to inherit Köthen, preceded only by his older brother Augustus Christian Frederick.
His early death prevented his eventual inheritance of Köthen, but his son Louis Augustus succeeded his uncle in Anhalt-Köthen when he died ten years later.
Marriage and issue.
In Darmstadt on 20 September 1800 Louis married Louise Karoline Theodora Amalie (b. Darmstadt, 15 January 1779 - d. Köthen, 18 April 1811), daughter of the later (1806) Louis I, Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine. They had two sons:

</doc>
<doc id="19235976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235976" title="Jack Landau (director)">
Jack Landau (director)

Jack Landau (1924 – 16 March 1967, Boston, Massachusetts) was an American award-winning stage and television director.

</doc>
<doc id="19235977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235977" title="Campbell v Hall">
Campbell v Hall

Campbell v Hall was a case decided in the Court of King's Bench in 1774. On its face it was a private action for recovery of sums paid to a tax agent, but the decision laid down the principles of the King's constitutional authority in a British colony, deciding amongst other things that such authority is absolute until a representative assembly is granted, at which point the authority of the Crown is limited.
The matter was first heard in the Mayor's and City of London Court, which court found a special verdict and remitted it to the Court of King's Bench, which then heard the claim on a matter of law.
The decision turned on the validity of a tax imposed in Grenada. This was the trigger for an examination of the constitutional position of Grenada and for a review of the position in all British territories.
The political situation at the time of the judgment was interesting too; this was the time of the tax rebellion in the American colonies (including the West Indies) and was indeed two years before the American Declaration of Independence. The judgment therefore had the potential to cause political trouble.
Lord Mansfield's judgment looked beyond the narrow facts of the case. He reviewed the law applicable to British colonies in general and laid down a series of important points of constitutional law applicable to British possessions.
The Facts.
Grenada was conquered from the French and formally ceded to Great Britain in 1763. The King issued a proclamation dated 7 October 1763 that all governors of the newly acquired colonies were instructed "as soon as the state and circumstances of the said colonies will admit" to call a general assembly. On 9 April 1764, the King (George III) appointed a Governor, General Melville.
Finally, on 24 July 1764 (before Melville had set sail for Grenada) letters patent were issued to impose a four and a half per cent duty upon all goods and sugars exported from the island of Grenada, to equalise the duty across the Leeward Islands. Melville arrived in Grenada on 14 December 1764. In 1765 he summoned an assembly.
James Campbell bought a plantation on Grenada. William Hall was a collector of the four and a half per cent duty. Campbell brought a claim to recover from Hall the money he had paid as duty. Campbell claimed that 4½% duty had not been imposed by lawful or sufficient authority.
Campbell succeeded, the decision turning on important constitutional principles.
The judgment.
The law decided.
The points of law so decided were, in summary:
Review of the law of colonies.
Most of the text of Lord Mansfield's judgment reaffirmed the authority of the king to make law and impose taxation upon a colony by his own authority. In addition to past judicial pronouncements (of which few were found) he examined historical sources. In particular he found that the sovereign ruled freely by charter and decree in Ireland until its own parliament was founded, Wales until its annexation, Berwick-upon-Tweed until the days of James I and in Calais until its loss, and that power remained unchallenged in other extant British colonies.
However in contrast in Jamaica, which had a representative assembly, it had been previously decided that a governor could not override a troublesome assembly. Just as in Great Britain the King was restrained by Parliament, the Governor had no power to force laws or taxes on a colony without the consent of its assembly. Only an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain could do that.
The "ratio decidendi".
Lord Mansfield recognised that the 4½% duty was fair and equitable, even desirable to avoid distorting trade between the Windward Islands. Nevertheless, he ruled it unlawful.
Notwithstanding the crown's wide authority, where a colony has a representative assembly, taxation cannot be imposed without its consent or by Act of Parliament.
In this case the letters patent of 24 July 1764 predated by some months the existence of the assembly. Nevertheless, Lord Mansfield held that the requirement to call the assembly was in the King's proclamation of 9 April 1764. Therefore the King's absolute authority ended on that date, notwithstanding that the assembly had not been called and indeed the governor who was to call it had not even left Britain.
Other cases citing "Campbell v. Hall".
"Campbell v. Hall" has been cited or referred to in several later cases in the British Empire. Most pointedly it was cited with approval in "West Rand Central Gold Mining Company, Limited v. The King", a case which concerned the conquest of the Transvaal and the consequential extinction of the vanquished state's obligations. Its principles were also discussed and distinguished with respect to colonies acquired otherwise than by conquest, by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in its 1938 ruling in "Sammut v. Strickland".
It was also argued in 2008 in "R (On The Application of Bancoult) v Secretary of State For Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs" (also known as the Chagos Islanders case), where Lord Hoffman, in introducing his opinion, stated:
He resumed later:
Other consequences of the decision.
"Campbell v. Hall" also called into question the ouster of French law in Quebec by proclamation in 1763. As a result, the "Quebec Act" was passed in 1774 to confirm that French law continued to govern civil matters, but was ousted in favour of English law in criminal matters.
Parliament subsequently passed the "Colonial Laws Validity Act 1865" to deal with conflicting jurisprudence that arose in the years following "Campbell".

</doc>
<doc id="19235978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235978" title="Mirage (Eric Burdon album)">
Mirage (Eric Burdon album)

Mirage was recorded as an album by Eric Burdon and The Eric Burdon Band in 1973 during the "Mirage Project". It was not released until 27 February 2008 by Universal.
Four "Mirage" sessions were released as a bootleg.
On 27 February 2008 Universal and Polydor released 9 Eric Burdon albums, some re-issues, some unreleased tracks.
"Mirage" was scheduled to release by Atlantic on June 1974. It never did. In 2006 AIM released a compilation "Wild & Wicked" which features some tracks of the Mirage project and the later "Comeback project".
The album was also about Vietnam War.
The United Artists film "Mirage" was never made.
Track list.
The title song "Mirage" was written by Jimi Hendrix in the night he died. It was called "The Story of Jesus". Because it wasn't released for a long time, Burdon re-recorded it for the 2000 Hendrix tribute CD "Blue Haze" under the name "Third Stone from the Sun/The Story of Life".

</doc>
<doc id="19235994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19235994" title="Loosegroove Records">
Loosegroove Records

Loosegroove Records was a Seattle based record label formed by Pearl Jam guitarist Stone Gossard and Brad drummer Regan Hagar in 1994. Initially a subsidiary of Sony before going independent in 1996, Loosegroove signed many up and coming artists from various musical genres, especially rock and hip hop. Significantly, Gossard signed Queens of the Stone Age to Loosegroove, releasing the band's debut album in 1998. Others who worked with Loosegroove include Critters Buggin, Weapon of Choice, Malfunkshun, Devilhead, Ponga, Hi Fi Killers, Nash Kato and Eureka Farm. Loosegroove Records closed in 2000. In 2000 the Loosegroove catalog was acquired by WILL Records, who now operates as Lakeshore Records.
Loosegrove executive Matt Shay later became vice-president of marketing/A&R at J Records, and helped Pearl Jam join said label and release the 2006 album "Pearl Jam".

</doc>
<doc id="19236002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236002" title="Kojic">
Kojic

Kojic may refer to:
In people:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="19236020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236020" title="Manchester Evening News Theatre Awards">
Manchester Evening News Theatre Awards

The Manchester Evening News Theatre Awards, commonly referred to as the MEN or M.E.N. Awards, recognise excellence in live British theatre. They are administered by the Manchester Evening News, and are presented at an annual ceremony in Manchester, England. The awards are for regional and West End productions, with the majority presented for the high profile commercial productions seen in the large theatres of Manchester, commonly known as "Theatreland".
History and significance.
The awards were established in 1981, with the first ceremony held in a conference room of the former MEN building on Deansgate. The ceremony is now held at the Crowne Plaza Midland Hotel.
Since 1988, the award ceremony has been broadcast on UK national television and includes songs from the nominated musicals, as well as video clips of, or presentations about, nominated plays. Audience size for the telecast is generally well below that of other awards shows, but the programme reaches an affluent audience. Presenters have included Sally Lindsay, Denise Welch, Jane McDonald, Julian Clary, Jenny Eclair and John Thomson.
The awards have gained in prestige over the last several years, thanks to high profile recipients such as Sir Ian McKellen and Sir Cameron Mackintosh, who was awarded a special lifetime achievement award in 2000. The MEN award is generally regarded as the theatre's equivalent of the British Academy Film Awards, awarded for excellence in film.
The awards are billed as the 'Oliviers of the North'.
In summer 2011, Manchester Evening News ended its association with the awards and disbanded the panel, blaming the "challenging economic climate". The 2010 awards had already dropped the ceremony to reduce costs, instead announcing the winners in a special supplement to the daily newspaper.
A group of former panel members announced in October 2011 that they were to continue the awards as an independent body under the name Manchester Theatre Awards.
Judging.
The awards are judged by a diverse panel of judges from various areas of the entertainment industry and press, including the Manchester Evening News' own team of reviewers, the BBC, The Stage, Granada Television, the University of Manchester and casting agencies.
Trophy.
The MEN Award trophy consists of the Greek Comedy and Tragedy masks, a mix of bronze and brass, with a nickel plating on the outside; a black acrylic glass base, and the nickel-plated pewter swivel.
Categories.
The awards are presented across a range of categories covering plays, musicals, dance, opera and affiliate theatre. The awards for Best Actor In A British Soap, Best Actress In A British Soap and Performance Of The Year were voted for by readers of the Manchester Evening News.
Named awards include:

</doc>
<doc id="19236039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236039" title="1989 European Aquatics Championships">
1989 European Aquatics Championships

The 1989 European Aquatics Championships were held from 15 August to 20 August 1989 in Bonn, West Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19236046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236046" title="Mongolian Radio Sport Federation">
Mongolian Radio Sport Federation

The Mongolian Radio Sport's Federation (MRSF) (in Mongolian, Монголын Радио Спортын Холбоо) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Mongolia. Early activities of the organization focused on radiosport, and the MRSF was active in promoting Amateur Radio Direction Finding competitions throughout the country. MRSF supports local competitions in Amateur Radio Direction Finding as well as a national team that travels to regional and world championship events. Although the MRSF has broadened its scope and now supports many kinds of radio activities, the organization's name continues to reflect this early heritage. MRSF represents the interests of Mongolian amateur radio operators before Mongolian and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. MRSF is the national member society representing Mongolia in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19236065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236065" title="Heggeli (station)">
Heggeli (station)

Heggeli is a former subway station on the Oslo T-bane.
The station was located between Borgen and Smestad, and was opened when the Smestad Line was created, as an extension from Majorstuen to Smestad on 17 November 1912. It was closed as a part of the Røa Line overhaul in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19236104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236104" title="Emory University Hospital">
Emory University Hospital

Emory University Hospital is a 587-bed facility in Atlanta, Georgia, specializing in the care of the acutely ill adult. Emory University Hospital is staffed exclusively by Emory University School of Medicine faculty who also are members of The Emory Clinic. The hospital is renowned as one of the nation's leaders in cardiology and cardiac surgery, oncology, transplantation and the neurosciences.
History.
Emory University Hospital's tradition of healing dates back almost a century. In March 1904, its predecessor, Wesley Memorial Hospital, was chartered with 50 beds. The hospital was housed in a downtown Atlanta mansion that had been spared from destruction by General Sherman's army during the Civil War.
By November 1922, the hospital had grown too large for its quarters and moved to its current DeKalb County site on the Emory University campus. The new 275-bed facility was a gift of Asa G. Candler, philanthropist and founder of The Coca-Cola Company.
In the mid-1930s, its name was changed to Emory University Hospital. The university and the hospital bear the name of Bishop John Emory, who presided at a meeting of the Georgia Methodist Conference in 1834 when delegates decided to establish a Methodist college in Georgia.
General Description.
Emory University Hospital is a 587-bed facility specializing in the care of the acutely ill adult. The hospital is located on the Emory University campus in northeast Atlanta.
More than 24,000 inpatients and 80,000 outpatients come to Emory University Hospital each year. They receive care from physicians of The Emory Clinic, who also are faculty of the Emory University School of Medicine, and from a highly trained staff of nurses and other clinical professionals.
The hospital provides a full range of specialized care. News and World Report's "America's Best Hospitals" for several years as one of the nation's top 10 cardiology centers.
The latest data show it has 23,710 admissions and performs 9,446 inpatient and 2,843 outpatient surgeries. Its emergency room has 30,476 visits. Located in Atlanta, GA, it is accredited by the Joint Commission, Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities (CARF). It is also a teaching hospital.
Specialties.
Cardiac Care
The Emory University Hospital cardiology program has been recognized as one of the top 10 programs in U.S. News & World Report for nine years since the magazine began ranking hospitals in 1990. Emory has long been a major referral institution for patients with complex cardiac problems.
Transplantation
Emory is the only multiple organ transplant center in the state of Georgia, and the first corneal transplant was performed at Emory in 1947. Currently, heart, lung, liver, pancreas, kidney/pancreas, and kidney transplants are performed at Emory University Hospital. Combination transplants such as heart/lung, liver/kidney, and heart/kidney are also being performed.
More than 320 organ transplant procedures are performed at Emory each year.
Pediatric transplantation is performed at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta at Egleston, the affiliate children's hospital.
Cancer Treatment Services (Oncology) at the Winship Cancer Institute of Emory University
Diagnostic Radiology
Emory is the only medical center in Georgia with a cyclotron and radiochemistry laboratory accompanying its positron emission tomography (PET) scanner. These make possible the production of various radionuclides needed to image different parts of the body.
Neurosciences
It is the first hospital in the country to offer a precise surgical procedure (microelectrode-guided pallidotomy) for treating Parkinson's disease.
Rankings.
On the U.S. News's "America's Best Hospitals", 2010–11, Emory University Hospital was ranked in 11 adult specialties. Out of 4,852 facilities analyzed for the 2010-11 Best Hospitals rankings, only 152 were ranked in any of the 16 specialties and this hospital was one of them.

</doc>
<doc id="19236145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236145" title="Sørbyhaugen (station)">
Sørbyhaugen (station)

Sørbyhaugen is a former subway station on the Oslo Metro.
The station was located between Smestad and Makrellbekken, and was opened when the Røa Line was created, as an extension from Smestad to Røa on 24 January 1935. From 1942 it was the point from which the Kolsås Line branched off of the Røa Line, offering a T-bane connection into the neighboring municipality Bærum. It was closed as a part of the Røa Line overhaul in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19236158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236158" title="A for Andromeda (2006 TV film)">
A for Andromeda (2006 TV film)

A for Andromeda is a 2006 remake of the 1961 TV series of the same name by Fred Hoyle and John Elliot.
Production.
The series was produced by Richard Fell, who the previous year had overseen "The Quatermass Experiment", a live remake of the 1953 TV series of the same name, also largely absent from the BBC archives.
Talking about the decision to commission the remake, Fell said, "We thought "A for Andromeda" was too good an opportunity to miss... it is the obvious follow up "The Quatermass Experiment". It had a huge impact when it arrived. It's also lost to the TV archives and it was an amazing story and, like "Quatermass", very forward looking". He added, "It raises themes about artificial intelligence, cloning, biological warfare and the political exploitation of science which are as important today as they were when it was written – if not more so. It is also a strange kind of love story, if a man can fall in love with a machine that is".
Fell also adapted Hoyle and Elliot's original teleplays; at 85 minutes, this new version was much shorter that the original which ran for almost 300 minutes. In condensing the script, Fell used considerably fewer characters and locations. This included resetting the location from a radio telescope to a signals intelligence ground station. Fell also merged several characters – for instance, Judy Adamson and Christine were merged into the character of Christine; the Madeline Dawnay character combined the roles of both the original Dawnay character and that of Rheinhart while General Vandenberg took on the role of many of the authority figures from the original.
Cast as Christine/Andromeda was Kelly Reilly, best known for her role in "Mrs Henderson Presents" (2005) for which she won a number of awards including a Chopard Trophy at the Cannes Film Festival. Fleming was played by Tom Hardy, best known to science fiction fans as Shinzon in "Star Trek Nemesis" (2002), Eames in Christopher Nolan's sci-fi thriller "Inception" (2010) and Christopher Nolan's comic-book action movie "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012). Bridger was played by Charlie Cox and Vandenberg by David Haig. Dawnay was played by Jane Asher; Fell had hoped to be able to cast Julie Christie in this role as a nod to the original but the actress was unavailable. Reviewing the production for the "Independent on Sunday", Hermione Eyre said, "I squirmed as I watched, because I really liked it, even though I knew I shouldn't. The attempts at making the cast seem like convincing astrobiologists were risible. They swanned round in fitted white coats, occasionally sucking their pen tops as if deep in thought and then going rat-at-a-tat carelessly on their vast computer keyboards, more as if they were playing the honky-tonk piano than typing complex binary code to outer space. But this lent the programme a hammy, homemade charm".

</doc>
<doc id="19236161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236161" title="Christopher Armishaw">
Christopher Armishaw

Christopher John Armishaw (born 22 September 1952) is a former English cricketer who played List A cricket for Derbyshire. 
Armishaw was born in Willington, Derbyshire and joined Derbyshire in the 1970 season. He made occasional appearances for the Second XI over three years and appeared in three Warwick Pool matches in 1972 and 1973. During the 1973 season, he played in four John Player League matches and one Gillette Cup game for Derbyshire 
Armishaw was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler. He took a four-wicket haul on his List A debut, his career-best figures. Seven of his eight career runs came in his second List A appearance, against Glamorgan.

</doc>
<doc id="19236181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236181" title="USS Kittaton (YTM-406)">
USS Kittaton (YTM-406)

USS Kittaton (YT-406 /YTB-406 /YTM-406) was a Sassaba-class district harbor tug that served the U.S. Navy at the end of World War II. She served in the Pacific Ocean, often in the Japan and Philippine Islands area and was eventually struck from the Navy list at an unspecified date.
Built in Brooklyn, New York.
"Kittaton" (YTB-406) was laid down as "YT-406"; re-classified "YTB-406" on 15 May 1944; launched 30 June 1944, by Ira Bushey & Sons, Inc., Brooklyn, New York; and placed in service 19 January 1945, Ens. T. J. Barfield in command.
World War II-related service.
Assigned to duty in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations, "Kittaton" joined Task Force 16 at Pearl Harbor 21 May. Departing 2 days later, she steamed via Kwajalein and arrived Guam in June for towing operations out of Apra Harbor.
Post-war service.
"Kittaton" served at Guam and in the western Pacific until February 1947 when she was assigned to further duty with Service Force, Pacific Fleet. Reclassified "YTM-406" in February 1962, "Kittaton" in 1967 remained on active service with the U.S. Pacific Fleet out of U.S. Naval Base Subic Bay, Philippine Islands.
Deactivation.
"Kittaton" was decommissioned and struck by the Navy at an undisclosed date. She was sold for scrapping on 23 April 1987.
Honors and awards.
Qualified "Kittaton" personnel are eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19236191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236191" title="Albert Park (Suva)">
Albert Park (Suva)

Albert Park is located in Suva, the capital of Fiji.
Albert Park can hold two rugby matches at one time. There’s also a hockey pitch located in the middle of the ground with a grandstand and a cafeteria. The annual hibiscus festival is also held here.
The park was the site of a landing by the Australian aviator Sir Charles Kingsford Smith during the first trans-Pacific flight from the United States to Australia in 1928. It was also the site of the first hoisting of the new national flag of Fiji on 9 October 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19236198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236198" title="Huseby skole (station)">
Huseby skole (station)

Huseby skole is a former metro station on the Røa Line of the Oslo Metro.
The station was located between Hovseter and Røa, and was opened when the Røa Line was created, as an extension from Smestad to Røa on 24 January 1935. It was closed as a part of the Røa Line overhaul in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19236218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236218" title="James Cuffey">
James Cuffey

James Cuffey (October 8, 1911 – May 30, 1999) was an American astronomer. He specialized in photoelectric photometry and held the patent on the Cuffey Iris Photometer, an instrument used in stellar photographic photometry.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Cuffey became a graduate student at Northwestern University in 1934, then went on to Harvard University as a doctoral student under Harlow Shapley. He received his Ph.D. from Harvard in 1938, then took a position as a postdoctoral fellow at Indiana University. Serving in the United States Navy in World War II, Cuffey taught navigation at the U.S. Naval Academy. In 1946, he returned to Indiana University, where he became a researcher in the Indiana Asteroid Program, begun in 1949. In 1966, he joined Clyde Tombaugh in starting the astronomy program at New Mexico State University, where he remained until he retired in 1976.
Cuffey was married to astronomer Rita Paraboschi. They had four children. Cuffey died in Bloomington, Indiana. The asteroid 2334 Cuffey is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19236229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236229" title="Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire">
Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire

The Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire (Major literary prize of Black Africa) is a literary prize presented every year by the ADELF, the Association of French Language Writers for a French original text from Sub-Saharan Africa.
It was originally endowed with 2,000 french francs.

</doc>
<doc id="19236239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236239" title="James H. Preston">
James H. Preston

James Harry Preston (1860 – July 14, 1938) was the Mayor of Baltimore from 1911-1919.
Biography.
Preston was born in Harford County, Maryland in 1860. He served in the Maryland House of Delegates from 1890-1894. He briefly served as Speaker of the Maryland House of Delegates in 1894. Preston then served as the Mayor of Baltimore from 1911-1919. In 1912, he was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention. While there, he received a few votes for the vice presidential nomination. Preston died on July 14, 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="19236275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236275" title="Blockburger v. United States">
Blockburger v. United States

Blockburger v. United States, 284 U.S. 299 (1932), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States set an important standard to prevent double jeopardy.
Facts and procedural history.
The defendant was charged with violations of the Harrison Narcotics Act; specifically, he was indicted on five separate counts, all involving the sale of morphine to the same purchaser. 
The jury returned a verdict against petitioner upon the second, third, and fifth counts only. The second count charged a sale on a specified day of ten grains of the drug not in or from the original stamped package; the third count charged a sale on the following day of eight grains of the drug not in or from the original stamped package; the fifth count charged the latter sale also as having been made not in pursuance of a written order of the purchaser as required by the statute. The district court sentenced petitioner to five years' imprisonment and a fine of $2,000 upon each count, the terms of imprisonment to run consecutively; and this judgment was affirmed on appeal by the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals.
The defendant advanced two legal theories as his defense: 
Decision.
Justice Sutherland, writing for a unanimous court, first held that the two sales, having been made at different times (albeit to the same person), were two separate and distinct violations of the law. He then held that under the statute, two distinct offenses are created by each section: § 1 of the Act creates the offense of selling any of the forbidden drugs except in or from the original stamped package, and § 2 creates the offense of selling any of such drugs not in pursuance of a written order of the person to whom the drug is sold. Because the defendant had violated both sections, he could be prosecuted separately under the two sections.
As to the issue of whether or not the defendant had been subjected to double jeopardy, Sutherland reasoned that he did not:
Each of the offenses created requires proof of a different element. The applicable rule is that, where the same act or transaction constitutes a violation of two distinct statutory provisions, the test to be applied to determine whether there are two offenses or only one is whether each provision requires proof of an additional fact which the other does not.
While Sutherland conceded that the penalties under the Act were harsh, he wrote that it was up to Congress, rather than the courts, to change the sentencing scheme.
Although this case is often cited for the standard it set to regarding double jeopardy, the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution is not mentioned anywhere in the text of the opinion itself.

</doc>
<doc id="19236280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236280" title="Grini (station)">
Grini (station)

Grini is a former subway station on the Røa Line of the Oslo Metro.
The station was located between Ekraveien and Eiksmarka, and was opened when the Røa Line was extended into Bærum on 22 December 1948. It was the first station on the Røa Line located in Bærum; the line would later be extended to Lijordet (1951) and Østerås (1972). Grini station was closed as a part of the Røa Line overhaul in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19236292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236292" title="Jon Øyvind Andersen">
Jon Øyvind Andersen

Jon Øyvind Andersen (born 29 July 1965), mostly known as Jardar, is a Norwegian black metal guitarist. He was one of the founding members of the band Old Man's Child, with Galder and Tjodalv. He has played on all the bands albums, except "Ill-Natured Spiritual Invasion" (1998), "Vermin" (2005) and "Slaves of the World" (2009)
, where Galder was the sole guitarist. Besides as a guitarist, Jardar has also contributed with backing vocals, and he was also co-writer on two songs on "In Defiance of Existence".
In 2005 he formed the band Insidious Disease, together with Silenoz, the Dimmu Borgir guitarist, singer Marc Grewe of Morgoth, the bass player Shane Embury from Napalm Death and drummer Tony Laureano.

</doc>
<doc id="19236319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236319" title="Zərqava">
Zərqava

Zərqava or Zarqava may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19236353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236353" title="3 21 polytope">
3 21 polytope

In 7-dimensional geometry, the 321 polytope is a uniform 7-polytope, constructed within the symmetry of the E7 group. It was discovered by Thorold Gosset, published in his 1900 paper. He called it an 7-ic semi-regular figure.
Coxeter named it 321 by its bifurcating Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, with a single ring on the end of one of the 3-node sequences.
The rectified 321 is constructed by points at the mid-edges of the 321. The birectified 321 is constructed by points at the triangle face centers of the 321. The trirectified 321 is constructed by points at the tetrahedral centers of the 321, and is the same as the rectified 132.
These polytopes are part of a family of 127 (27-1) convex uniform polytopes in 7-dimensions, made of uniform 6-polytope facets and vertex figures, defined by all permutations of rings in this Coxeter-Dynkin diagram: .
321 polytope.
This polytope, along with the 7-simplex, can tessellate 7-dimensional space, represented by 331 and Coxeter-Dynkin diagram: .
In 7-dimensional geometry, the 321 is a uniform polytope. It has 56 vertices, and 702 facets: 126 311 and 576 6-simplex.
For visualization this 7-dimensional polytope is often displayed in a special skewed orthographic projection direction that fits its 56 vertices within a 18-gonal regular polygon (called a Petrie polygon). Its 756 edges are drawn between 3 rings of 18 vertices, and 2 vertices in the center. Specific higher elements (faces, cells, etc.) can also be extracted and drawn on this projection.
The 1-skeleton of the 321 polytope is called a Gosset graph.
Coordinates.
The 56 vertices can be most simply represented in 8-dimensional space, obtained by the 28 permutations of the coordinates and their opposite:
Construction.
Its construction is based on the E7 group. Coxeter named it as 321 by its bifurcating Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, with a single ring on the end of the 3-node sequence.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, .
Removing the node on the short branch leaves the 6-simplex, .
Removing the node on the end of the 2-length branch leaves the 6-orthoplex in its alternated form: 311, .
Every simplex facet touches an 6-orthoplex facet, while alternate facets of the orthoplex touch either a simplex or another orthoplex.
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ringing the neighboring node. This makes 221 polytope, .
Related polytopes.
The 321 is fifth in a dimensional series of semiregular polytopes. Each progressive uniform polytope is constructed vertex figure of the previous polytope. Thorold Gosset identified this series in 1900 as containing all regular polytope facets, containing all simplexes and orthoplexes.
It is in a dimensional series of uniform polytopes and honeycombs, expressed by Coxeter as 3k1 series. (A degenerate 4-dimensional case exists as 3-sphere tiling, a tetrahedral hosohedron.)
Alternate names.
Construction.
Its construction is based on the E7 group. Coxeter named it as 321 by its bifurcating Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, with a single node on the end of the 3-node sequence.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, .
Removing the node on the short branch leaves the 6-simplex, .
Removing the node on the end of the 2-length branch leaves the rectified 6-orthoplex in its alternated form: t1311, .
Removing the node on the end of the 3-length branch leaves the 221, .
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ringing the neighboring node. This makes 5-demicube prism, .
Birectified 321 polytope.
Construction.
Its construction is based on the E7 group. Coxeter named it as 321 by its bifurcating Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, with a single node on the end of the 3-node sequence.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, .
Removing the node on the short branch leaves the birectified 6-simplex, .
Removing the node on the end of the 2-length branch leaves the birectified 6-orthoplex in its alternated form: t2(311), .
Removing the node on the end of the 3-length branch leaves the rectified 221 polytope in its alternated form: t1(221), .
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ringing the neighboring node. This makes rectified 5-cell-triangle duoprism, .

</doc>
<doc id="19236362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236362" title="4 21 polytope">
4 21 polytope

In 8-dimensional geometry, the 421 is a semiregular uniform 8-polytope, constructed within the symmetry of the E8 group. It was discovered by Thorold Gosset, published in his 1900 paper. He called it an "8-ic semi-regular figure".
Coxeter named it 421 by its bifurcating Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, with a single ring on the end of the 4-node sequences, .
The rectified 421 is constructed by points at the mid-edges of the 421. The birectified 421 is constructed by points at the triangle face centers of the 421. The trirectified 421 is constructed by points at the tetrahedral centers of the 421, and is the same as the rectified 142.
These polytopes are part of a family of 255 = 28 − 1 convex uniform 8-polytopes, made of uniform 7-polytope facets and vertex figures, defined by all permutations of one or more rings in this Coxeter-Dynkin diagram: .
421 polytope.
The 421 is composed of 17,280 7-simplex and 2,160 7-orthoplex facets. Its vertex figure is the 321 polytope.
For visualization this 8-dimensional polytope is often displayed in a special skewed orthographic projection direction that fits its 240 vertices within a 30-gonal regular polygon (called a Petrie polygon). Its 6720 edges are drawn between the 240 vertices. Specific higher elements (faces, cells, etc.) can also be extracted and drawn on this projection.
As its 240 vertices represent the root vectors of the simple Lie group E8, the polytope is sometimes referred to as the E8 polytope.
Coordinates.
It is created by a Wythoff construction upon a set of 8 hyperplane mirrors in 8-dimensional space.
The 240 vertices of the 421 polytope can be constructed in two sets: 112 (22×8C2) with coordinates obtained from formula_1 by taking an arbitrary combination of signs and an arbitrary permutation of coordinates, and 128 roots (27) with coordinates obtained from formula_2 by taking an even number of minus signs (or, equivalently, requiring that the sum of all the eight coordinates be even).
Tessellations.
This polytope is the vertex figure for a uniform tessellation of 8-dimensional space, represented by symbol 521 and Coxeter-Dynkin diagram:
Construction.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram.
Removing the node on the short branch leaves the 7-simplex:
Removing the node on the end of the 2-length branch leaves the 7-orthoplex in its alternated form (411):
Every simplex facet touches a 7-orthoplex facet, while alternate facets of the orthoplex touch either a simplex or another orthoplex.
The vertex figure of a single-ring polytope is obtained by removing the ringed node and ringing its neighbor(s). This makes the 321 polytope.
Projections.
2D.
These graphs represent orthographic projections in the E8,E7,E6, and B8,D8,D7,D6,D5,D4,D3,A7,A5 Coxeter planes. The vertex colors are by overlapping multiplicity in the projection: colored by increasing order of multiplicities as red, orange, yellow, green.
k21 family.
The 421 polytope is last in a family called the k21 polytopes. The first polytope in this family is the semiregular triangular prism which is constructed from three squares (2-orthoplexes) and two triangles (2-simplexes).
Geometric folding.
The 421 is related to the 600-cell by a geometric folding of the Coxeter-Dynkin diagrams. This can be seen in the E8/H4 Coxeter plane projections. The 240 vertices of the 421 polytope are projected into 4-space as two copies of the 120 vertices of the 600-cell, one copy smaller than the other with the same orientation. Seen as a 2D orthographic projection in the E8/H4 Coxeter plane, the 120 vertices of the 600-cell are projected in the same four rings as seen in the 421. The other 4 rings of the 421 graph also match a smaller copy of the four rings of the 600-cell. 
Related polytopes.
Using a complex number coordinate system, it can also be constructed as a 4-dimensional regular complex polytope, named as: 3{3}3{3}3{3}3. Coxeter called it the Witting polytope, after Alexander Witting.
The 421 is sixth in a dimensional series of semiregular polytopes. Each progressive uniform polytope is constructed vertex figure of the previous polytope. Thorold Gosset identified this series in 1900 as containing all regular polytope facets, containing all simplexes and orthoplexes.
Rectified 4_21 polytope.
The rectified 421 can be seen as a rectification of the 421 polytope, creating new vertices on the center of edges of the 421.
Construction.
It is created by a Wythoff construction upon a set of 8 hyperplane mirrors in 8-dimensional space. It is named for being a rectification of the 421. Vertices are positioned at the midpoint of all the edges of 421, and new edges connecting them.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram.
Removing the node on the short branch leaves the rectified 7-simplex:
Removing the node on the end of the 2-length branch leaves the rectified 7-orthoplex in its alternated form:
Removing the node on the end of the 4-length branch leaves the 321:
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and adding a ring to the neighboring node. This makes a 221 prism.
Projections.
2D.
These graphs represent orthographic projections in the E8,E7,E6, and B8,D8,D7,D6,D5,D4,D3,A7,A5 Coxeter planes. The vertex colors are by overlapping multiplicity in the projection: colored by increasing order of multiplicities as red, orange, yellow, green.
Birectified 4_21 polytope.
The birectified 421can be seen as a second rectification of the uniform 421 polytope. Vertices of this polytope are positioned at the centers of all the 60480 triangular faces of the 421.
Construction.
It is created by a Wythoff construction upon a set of 8 hyperplane mirrors in 8-dimensional space. It is named for being a birectification of the 421. Vertices are positioned at the center of all the triangle faces of 421.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram.
Removing the node on the short branch leaves the birectified 7-simplex. There are 17280 of these facets.
Removing the node on the end of the 2-length branch leaves the birectified 7-orthoplex in its alternated form. There are 2160 of these facets.
Removing the node on the end of the 4-length branch leaves the rectified 321. There are 240 of these facets.
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and adding rings to the neighboring nodes. This makes a 5-demicube-triangular duoprism.
Projections.
2D.
These graphs represent orthographic projections in the E8,E7,E6, and B8,D8,D7,D6,D5,D4,D3,A7,A5 Coxeter planes. Edges are not drawn. The vertex colors are by overlapping multiplicity in the projection: colored by increasing order of multiplicities as red, orange, yellow, green, etc.
Trirectified 4_21 polytope.
Construction.
It is created by a Wythoff construction upon a set of 8 hyperplane mirrors in 8-dimensional space. It is named for being a birectification of the 421. Vertices are positioned at the center of all the triangle faces of 421.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram.
Removing the node on the short branch leaves the trirectified 7-simplex:
Removing the node on the end of the 2-length branch leaves the trirectified 7-orthoplex in its alternated form:
Removing the node on the end of the 4-length branch leaves the birectified 321:
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ring the neighbor nodes. This makes a tetrahedron-rectified 5-cell duoprism.
Projections.
2D.
These graphs represent orthographic projections in the E7,E6, and B8,D8,D7,D6,D5,D4,D3,A7,A5 Coxeter planes. The vertex colors are by overlapping multiplicity in the projection: colored by increasing order of multiplicities as red, orange, yellow, green.

</doc>
<doc id="19236411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236411" title="Thin film rechargeable lithium battery">
Thin film rechargeable lithium battery

Thin film lithium ion batteries are similar to conventional lithium-ion batteries, but they are composed of thinner materials, some only nanometers or micrometers thick, which allow the finished battery to be just millimeters thick. They have been developed primarily within the last decade. These batteries consist of a substrate, electrolyte, current collector, anode, cathode, and a separator. There has been much research into the determination of the most effective components for this type of battery. It has been shown recently that even ordinary printer paper can be used as a charge separator and a substrate. These thin film batteries are an improvement on the common secondary, or rechargeable, lithium ion batteries in some ways. The batteries exhibit the same voltage and current as their bulky counterparts, but their dimensions allow for making electronic devices like cell phones, laptops and even implantable medical devices smaller and also reduce the weight of portable battery powered devices because of their high energy density. These batteries can be formed into any shape and can be stacked thus further reducing the space needed.
Background.
Lithium-ion batteries are different from disposable lithium batteries because they have the ability to be recharged. They have high energy density and last as long as other battery technologies. Inside the battery, positive lithium ions flow through the electrolyte from the anode to the cathode while the battery is being discharged. When recharging the battery, lithium ions move back to the anode. The Li-ion battery design is effective for supplying portable devices with larger power requirements. As a mobile, technology driven society we rely on portable electronics, which require thinner batteries for power. Research into thin film batteries has increased in recent years to accommodate this demand.
Components of Thin Film Battery.
Cathode materials.
Cathode materials in thin film lithium ion batteries are the same of what is seen in classical lithium ion batteries. They are normally metal oxides that are deposited as a film by various methods.
Metal oxide materials are shown below as well as their relative specific capacities (Λ), open circuit voltages (Voc), and energy densities (DE).
Deposition methods for cathode materials.
There are various methods being used to deposit thin film cathode materials onto the current collector.
Pulsed Laser Deposition (PLD).
In Pulsed Laser Deposition, materials are fabricated by controlling parameters such as laser energy and fluence, substrate temperature, background pressure, and target-substrate distance.
Magnetron Sputtering.
In Magnetron Sputtering the substrate is cooled for deposition.
Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD).
In Chemical Vapor Deposition, volatile precursor materials are deposited onto a substrate material.
Sol-Gel Processing.
Sol-gel processing allows for homogeneous mixing of precursor materials at the atomic level.
Electrolyte.
The greatest difference between classical lithium ion batteries and thin, flexible, lithium ion batteries is in the electrolyte material used. Progress in lithium ion batteries relies as much on improvements in the electrolyte as it does in the electrode materials, as the electrolyte plays a major role in safe battery operation. 
The concept of thin film lithium ion batteries was increasingly motivated by manufacturing advantages presented by the polymer technology for their use as electrolytes. LiPON, lithium phosphorus oxynitride, is an amorphous glassy material used as an electrolyte material in thin film flexible batteries. Layers of LiPON are deposited over the cathode material at ambient temperatures by RF magnetron sputtering. This forms the solid electrolyte used for ion conduction between anode and cathode. 
Solid polymer electrolytes offer several advantages in comparison to a classical liquid lithium ion battery. Rather than having separate components of electrolyte, binder, and separator, these solid electrolytes can act as all three. This increases the overall energy density of the assembled battery because the constituents of the entire cell are more tightly packed.
Separator Material.
Separator materials in lithium ion batteries must not block the transport of lithium ions while preventing the physical contact of the anode and cathode materials, e.g. short-circuiting. In a liquid cell, this separator would be a porous glass or polymer mesh that allows ion transport via the liquid electrolyte through the pores, but keeps the electrodes from contacting and shorting. However, in a thin film battery the electrolyte is a solid, which conveniently satisfies both the ion transportation and the physical separation requirements without the need for a dedicated separator.
Current Collector.
Current collectors in thin film batteries must be flexible, have high surface area, and be cost-effective. Silver nanowires with improved surface area and loading weight have been shown to work as a current collector in these battery systems, but still are not as cost-effective as desired. Extending graphite technology to lithium ion batteries, solution processed carbon nanotubes (CNT) films are being looked into for use as both the current collector and anode material. CNTs have the ability to intercalate lithium and maintain high operating voltages, all with low mass loading and flexibility.
Advantages and Challenges.
Thin film lithium ion batteries offer improved performance by having a higher average output voltage, lighter weights thus higher energy density, and longer cycling life than typical rechargeable batteries. In the thin film lithium ion battery, both electrodes are capable of reversible lithium insertion, thus forming a Li-ion transfer cell. Li-ion transfer cells are the most promising systems for satisfying the demand of high specific energy and high power. In order to construct a thin film battery it is necessary to fabricate all the battery components, as an anode, a solid electrolyte, a cathode and current leads into multi-layered thin films by suitable technologies.
In a thin film based system, the electrolyte is normally a solid electrolyte, capable of conforming to the shape of the battery. This is in contrast to classical lithium ion batteries, which normally have liquid electrolyte material. Liquid electrolytes can be challenging to utilize if they are not compatible with the separator. Also liquid electrolytes in general call for an increase in the overall volume of the battery, which is not ideal for designing a system that has high energy density. Additionally, in a thin film flexible Li-ion battery, the electrolyte, which is normally polymer-based, can act as the electrolyte, separator, and binder material. This provides the ability to have flexible systems since the issue of electrolyte leakage is circumvented. Finally, solid systems can be packed together tightly which affords an increase in energy density when compared to classical lithium ion batteries.
Separator materials in lithium ion batteries must have the ability to transport ions through their porous membranes while maintaining a physical separation between the anode and cathode materials in order to prevent short-circuiting. Furthermore, the separator must be resistant to degradation during the battery’s operation. In a thin film Li-ion battery, the separator must be a thin and flexible solid. Typically today, this material is a polymer-based material. Since thin film batteries are made of all solid materials, allows one to use simpler separator materials in these systems such as Xerox paper rather than in liquid based Li-ion batteries.
Scientific Development.
Development of thin solid state batteries allows for roll to roll type production of batteries to decrease production costs. Solid-state batteries can also afford increased energy density due to decrease in overall device weight, while the flexible nature allows for novel battery design and easier incorporation into electronics. Development is still required in cathode materials which will resist capacity reduction due to cycling.
Applications.
The advancements made to the thin film lithium ion battery have allowed for many potential applications. The majority of these applications are aimed at improving the currently available consumer and medical products. Thin film lithium ion batteries can be used to make thinner portable electronics, because the thickness of the battery required to operate the device can be reduced greatly. These batteries have the ability to be an integral part of implantable medical devices, such as defibrillators and neural stimulators, “smart” cards, radio frequency identification, or RFID, tags and wireless sensors. They can also serve as a way to store energy collected from solar cells or other harvesting devices. Each of these applications is possible because of the flexibility in the size and shape of the batteries. The size of these devices does not have to revolve around the size of the space needed for the battery anymore. The thin film batteries can be attached to the inside of the casing or in some other convenient way. The opportunities in which to use this type of batteries are endless.
Solar cell storage devices.
The thin film lithium ion battery can serve as a storage device for the energy collected from a solar cell. These batteries can be made to have a low self discharge rate, which means that these batteries can be stored for long periods of time without a major loss of the energy that was used to charge it. These fully charged batteries could then be used to power some or all of the other potential applications listed below.
Smart cards.
Smart cards have the same size as a credit card, but they contain a microchip that can be used to access information, give authorization, or process an application. These cards can go through harsh production conditions, with temperatures in the range of 130 to 150°C, in order to complete the high temperature, high pressure lamination processes. These conditions can cause other batteries to fail because of degassing or degradation of organic components within the battery. Thin film lithium ion batteries have been shown to withstand temperatures of -40 to 150°C. This use of thin film lithium ion batteries is hopeful for other extreme temperature applications.
RFID tags.
Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) tags can be used in many different applications. These tags can be used in packaging, inventory control, used to verify authenticity and even allow or deny access to something. These ID tags can even have other integrated sensors to allow for the physical environment to be monitored, such as temperature or shock during travel or shipping. Also, the distance required to read the information in the tag depends on the strength of the battery. The farther away you want to be able to read the information, the stronger the output will have to be and thus the greater the power supply to accomplish this output. As these tags get more and more complex, the battery requirements will need to keep up. Thin film lithium ion batteries have shown that they can fit into the designs of the tags because of the flexibility of the battery in size and shape and are sufficiently powerful enough to accomplish the goals of the tag. Low cost production methods, like roll to roll lamination, of these batteries may even allow for this kind of RFID technology to be implemented in disposable applications.
Implantable Medical Devices.
Thin films of LiCoO2 have been synthesized in which the strongest x ray reflection is either weak or missing, indicating a high degree of preferred orientation. Thin film solid state batteries with these textured cathode films can deliver practical capacities at high current densities. For example, for one of the cells 70% of the maximum capacity between 4.2 V and 3 V (approximately 0.2 mAh/cm2) was delivered at a current of 2 mA/cm2. When cycled at rates of 0.1 mA/cm2, the capacity loss was 0.001%/cycle or less. The reliability and performance of Li LiCoO2 thin-film batteries make them attractive for application in implantable devices such as neural stimulators, pacemakers, and defibrillators.
Implantable medical devices require batteries that can deliver a steady, reliable power source for as long as possible. These applications call for a battery that has a low self-discharge rate, for when it’s not in use, and a high power rate, for when it needs to be used, especially in the case of an implantable defibrillator. Also, users of the product will want a battery that can go through many cycles, so these devices will not have to be replaced or serviced often. Thin film lithium ion batteries have the ability to meet these requirements. The advancement from a liquid to a solid electrolyte has allowed these batteries to take almost any shape without the worry of leaking, and it has been shown that certain types of thin film rechargeable lithium batteries can last for around 50,000 cycles. Another advantage to these thin film batteries is that they can be arranged in series to give a larger voltage equal to the sum of the individual battery voltages. This fact can be used in reducing the “footprint” of the battery, or the size of the space needed for the battery, in the design of a device.
Wireless Sensors.
Wireless sensors need to be in use for the duration of their application, whether that may be in package shipping or in the detection of some unwanted compound, or controlling inventory in a warehouse. If the wireless sensor cannot transmit its data due to low or no battery power, the consequences could potentially be severe based on the application. Also, the wireless sensor must be adaptable to each application. Therefore the battery must be able to fit within the designed sensor. This means that the desired battery for these devices must be long-lasting, size specific, low cost, if they are going to be used in disposable technologies, and must meet the requirements of the data collection and transmission processes. Once again, thin film lithium ion batteries have shown the ability to meet all of these requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="19236433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236433" title="Sacred Name Bibles">
Sacred Name Bibles

Sacred Name Bibles or sacred-name versions are editions of the Bible that are usually connected with the Sacred Name Movement. Sacred Name Bibles "consistently use Hebraic forms of God's name in both the Old and New Testaments" 
The term is not used for mainstream Bible editions such as the Jerusalem Bible which employs the name "Yahweh" in the English text of only the Old Testament, where traditional English versions have "". 
Most "Sacred Name" versions also use a Semitic form of the name Jesus. None of these Sacred Name Bibles are published by well-established publishers. Instead, most are published by the same group that produced the translation. Some are available for download on the Web."
Historical background.
The Tetragrammation (Hebrew "YHWH") occurs in the Hebrew Old Testament, and also (written in Hebrew within the Greek text) in a few of the manuscripts of the Greek translation of the Old Testament, found at Qumran among the Dead Sea Scrolls. It does not occur in early manuscripts of the Greek New Testament.
Although the Greek forms "Iao" and "Iave" do occur in magical inscriptions, generally Hellenistic Jewish texts, such as the works of Philo, Josephus and the New Testament, use the word "Kyrios", "Lord", when citing verses where "YHWH" occurs in the Hebrew. Translators of Sacred Name Bibles argue that Sacred Name Bibles are about restoring the original Name back to the text, usually because of a desire to know Yahweh. For centuries, Hebrew-language editions of the New Testament have included in their text "ha-Shem" "the Name" or the Tetragrammaton rather than "Lord" or similar.
For centuries, Bible translators around the world did not transliterate or copy the tetragrammaton in their translations. For example, English Bible translators (Christian and Jewish) used "LORD" to represent it. Many authors on Bible translation have explicitly called for translating it with a vernacular word or phrase that would be locally meaningful. The Catholic Church has formally called for translating the Tetragrammaton into other languages rather than attempting to preserve the sounds of the Hebrew.
But a few other Bible translators, with varying theological motivations, have taken a different approach to translating the Tetragrammaton. In the 1800s–1900s at least three English translations contained a variation of the Name In some cases, these translations were of only a portion of the New Testament; they did not represent a stated effort to restore the Name throughout the body of the New Testament. However, in the twentieth century the first translation to employ a full transliteration of the Tetragrammaton was the Rotherham's Emphasized Bible, but his translation only does so in the Old Testament. Angelo Traina's translation, "The New Testament of our Messiah and Saviour Yahshua" in 1950, then "The Holy Name Bible containing the Holy Name Version of the Old and New Testaments" in 1963 was the first to systematically use a Hebrew form for sacred names throughout the New Testament, the first complete Sacred Name Bible. The Jerusalem Bible in 1966 and over a dozen other translations in the years since used the name "Yahweh" in the Old Testament.
Aramaic Primacy.
Some translators of Sacred Name Bibles hold to the view that the New Testament, or at least significant portions of it, were originally written in a Semitic language, Hebrew or Aramaic, from which the Greek text is a translation, seen as deficient in not having preserved the Hebraic forms of names, particularly sacred names. This view is colloquially known as "Aramaic primacy", and is also taken by some academics, such as Matthew Black.
Therefore, translators of Sacred Name Bibles consider it appropriate to use Semitic names in their translations of the New Testament, which they regard as being intended for use by all people, not just Jews ("The Sacred Name" 2002: 89ff). Though no early manuscripts of the New Testament contain these names, some Hebrew translations from the Latin did use the Tetragrammaton in part of the Hebrew New Testament. Sidney Jellicoe in "The Septuagint and Modern Study" (Oxford, 1968) states that the name "YHWH" appeared in Greek Old Testament texts written for Jews by Jews, often in the squarish Paleo-Hebrew alphabet to indicate that it was not to be pronounced, or in Aramaic, or using the four Greek letters "PIPI" (Π Ι Π Ι that physically imitate the appearance of Hebrew "YHWH"), and that "Kyrios" was a Christian introduction. Bible scholars and translators such as Eusebius and Jerome (translator of the "Latin Vulgate") consulted the Hexapla, but did not attempt to preserve sacred names in Semitic forms. Justin Martyr (second century) argued that YHWH is not a personal name, writing of the “namelessness of God”.
George Lamsa, the translator of The Holy Bible from Ancient Eastern Manuscripts: Containing the Old and New Testaments (1957) believed the New Testament was originally written in a Semitic language (the terms Syriac and Aramaic are not always clearly differentiated by some). However, despite his adherence to a Semitic original of the New Testament, Lamsa translated using the English word "Lord" instead of some Hebraic form of the divine name.
Accuracy or popularity.
Sacred Name Bibles are not used frequently within Christianity, even less (if at all) in Judaism. Similarly, only a few translations replace "Jesus" with Semitic forms such as "Yeshua" or "Yahshua". Most English Bible translations translate the Tetragrammaton with "The LORD" where it occurs in the Old Testament and do not transliterate (“bring over the sound”) into the English. These same patterns are found in languages around the world, as translators have translated sacred names without striving to preserve the Hebraic forms, often using local names for the creator or highest deity, conceptualizing accuracy as semantic rather than phonetic.
The limited number of Sacred Name Bibles suggests that phonetic accuracy is not considered to be of importance by mainstream Bible translators. The translator Joseph Bryant Rotherham lamented not making his work into a Sacred Name Bible by using the more accurate name "Yahweh" in his translation (pp. 20 – 26), though he also said, "I trust that in a popular version like the present my choice will be understood even by those who may be slow to pardon it." (p. xxi).
Complete Sacred Name Bibles.
The following versions are Bibles which systematically use some transliteration of the Tetragrammaton (usually "Yahweh") in both the Old and New Testament, as well as a Semitic form of the name of Jesus such as Yahshua or Yeshua. These Bibles apply this to both the names of the Father and Son, both of which are considered to be sacred. 
Tetragrammaton Sacred Name Bibles.
The following versions of Sacred Name Bibles only contain the Tetragrammaton without any vowels so that the reader is unable to read the Name except by pronouncing each of the four letters in English or in Hebrew. They follow this practice in both the Old and New Testaments (though some translations are not complete).
Limited Sacred Name Bibles.
The following versions are those where either "Yahweh" or "Jehovah" is limited to use in the Old Testament. Unlike other Sacred Name Bibles, these are usually published by general publishers.
Some translations use a form such as "Yahweh" only sporadically:
The Jehovah's Witnesses' New World Translation employs "Jehovah", based on "Yahweh", throughout the Old Testament and in New Testament verses that quote the Old Testament. It is not considered a "Sacred Name Bible" by the Sacred Name Movement, though some authors have noted a connection.

</doc>
<doc id="19236440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236440" title="Louis Augustus Karl Frederick Emil, Duke of Anhalt-Köthen">
Louis Augustus Karl Frederick Emil, Duke of Anhalt-Köthen

Louis Augustus Karl Frederick Emil, Duke of Anhalt-Köthen (Köthen, 20 September 1802 – Leipzig, 18 December 1818), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the duchy of Anhalt-Köthen.
He was the second (but only surviving son) of Prince Louis of Anhalt-Köthen by his wife Louise Karoline Theodora Amalie, daughter of the later (1806) Louis I, Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine.
Life.
Louis Augustus was born posthumously, four days after the death of his father, on 16 September 1802. One year later, his uncle, the reigning Prince (and later Duke) Augustus Christian Frederick of Anhalt-Köthen divorced his wife after eleven years of childless union, and showed no interest in marrying again; this left Louis Augustus as his uncle's heir presumptive.
When Augustus Christian Frederick died in 1812, Louis Augustus succeeded him at the age of ten. Duke Leopold III of Anhalt-Dessau, as head of the whole House of Anhalt, assumed the regency on his behalf until his death in 1817, when his grandson and heir, Leopold IV, assumed guardianship of the duke.
Louis Augustus died at only sixteen years of age and because he was still a minor, he never ruled on his own. With him, the main line of Anhalt-Köthen became extinct, and he was succeeded by his uncle Frederick Ferdinand, a member of the Anhalt-Köthen-Pless branch.

</doc>
<doc id="19236479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236479" title="Briarcliff High School (DeKalb County, Georgia)">
Briarcliff High School (DeKalb County, Georgia)

Briarcliff High School was a public high school opened by the DeKalb County School System in 1958 in order to relieve overcrowding at Druid Hills High School. Throughout the history of the school, Druid Hills was viewed as its "arch rival," and, with the closing of Briarcliff, the remaining students, and all the trophies, and other relics of the history of the school other than the buildings transferred to Druid Hills, where they remain today.
The first classes where held in what was known only as "B" Hall (the front section of the school) and the only students were in the 8th and 9th grades. In the 1961-1962 school year, the school building existed much as it does today, without the temporary buildings. In 1961, playing on the field at the newly constructed Adams Memorial Stadium, Briarcliff won only three football games, but significantly, defeated Druid Hills 13-0. On June 12, 1962, the first class graduated at commencement exercises held next to the school at Adams Memorial Stadium. The first three "honor" graduates of Briarcliff, James M. "Jim" Veazey, Sharon L. Sullivan and James E. "Jimmy" Massey, spoke respectively of the "Past," "Present," and "Future" of Briarcliff an its students. Veazey was officially identified as the first person to graduate from Briarcliff, by the Briarcliff yearbook, known as The Shield.
The school's colors were silver and blue, and the school's mascot was the Baron.
The DeKalb County School System closed Briarcliff at the end of the 1986-1987 school year, due to a population shift. In 1986, when Superintendent Robert Freeman recommended that the school be closed, he projected that in the 1987-1988 school year, there would be only about 500 students enrolled in the whole school, with around 40 students in the 8th grade. At its height, in the mid-1960s, the graduating classes routinely numbered around 500.
In August, 1987, all the former Briarcliff students began attending Druid Hills High School. The DeKalb School of the Arts (DSA) and the Open Campus High School operated in Briarcliff's buildings until 2009, when DSA moved back onto Avondale High School's campus and the Open Campus moved to the new county office campus in Stone Mountain, Georgia. Adams Memorial Stadium remains a site for high school games during the football season.
In 2006, a major Florida developer, Sembler Co., offered to purchase the along North Druid Hills Road which included the land and buildings on which Briarcliff, Adams Memorial Stadium as well as Kittredge School in order to build a large, mixed-use development, similar to others than have been built in the Atlanta area during the last decade. The Board of Education valued Sembler's offer at more than $60 million, which would be paid by Sembler in the form of a land-swap and the construction of new buildings for all of the displaced schools. The recession in the construction industry beginning in 2008 and local residents' protests ended Sembler's plans. Presently, the old BHS site is used as one of the locations for shooting MTV's Teen Wolf series.
An archive of the school's athletic history, Briarcliff Barons Athletics Archive, can be found at http://briarcliffbarons.blogspot.com

</doc>
<doc id="19236493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236493" title="Nordberg (station)">
Nordberg (station)

Nordberg was a station on the Sognsvann Line of the Oslo Metro in Oslo, Norway. It was opened on 10 October 1934, and was located between Østhorn and Holstein stations, in a level crossing with the steep road Borgestadveien. The station saw several accidents, and was closed on 5 May 1992 when the Sognsvann Line was upgraded to rapid transit standard. An underpass was constructed to allow pedestrians pass under the tracks.
__TOC__
History.
Nordberg station opened on 10 October 1934 as a station on the Sognsvann Line. The line was built by the municipally owned company Akersbanerne. The line was double-tracked from Majorstuen to Korsvoll, and single-tracked from there to Sognsvann. In 1939, the section Korsvoll–Sognsvann was upgraded to double track, and the station Korsvoll had its name changed to Østhorn.
Nordberg was part of Holmenkolbanen's operating network until 1975, when the municipality of Oslo bought all the company's stock. In the early 1990s, the stations on the Sognsvann Line were upgraded to metro standard, which involves a heightening and lengthening of the platforms, installation of third rail power supply and a new signaling system. The third rail made it impossible to cross the line in-grade, and under- or overpasses had to be built at all stations. The transport authorities decided to close Nordberg, arguing that the access roads to the station were steep and dangerous, and icy during the winter. The residents of Nordberg opposed the closure of the station, arguing that it had served the area well with its central position in the area. Nevertheless, the station was closed, along with the level crossing that formerly had allowed for car traffic to cross the tracks. An underpass for pedestrians was constructed.
Accidents.
In 1951, two young lads rode a sled over the station's level crossing, and accidentally hit a truck that was parked on the other side of the station. In 1987, a 29-year-old man was attacked by a raging moose near the station. The man ran off to a shop away, and left the accident with broken ribs and a punctured lung. The reason for the moose's rage is unknown, but it was seen a few days earlier with a calf, and it is assumed that the moose wanted to protect it from foreigners. The man was sent to Ullevål University Hospital shortly thereafter.
Location.
Nordberg Station was located in the steep road named Borgestadveien, that passed the station in a level crossing. The station served the local senior center named Nordberghjemmet, and was the most used of all stations among residents living in Nordberg. After the 1992 closure, very little remains from the station, aside from a pedestrians' underpass.

</doc>
<doc id="19236494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236494" title="Edwin E. Moise">
Edwin E. Moise

Edwin Evariste Moise (; December 22, 1918 – December 18, 1998)
was an American mathematician and mathematics education reformer. After his retirement from mathematics he became a literary critic of 19th century English poetry and had several notes published in that field.
Early life and education.
Edwin E. Moise was born December 22, 1918 in New Orleans, Louisiana.
He graduated from Tulane University in 1940. He worked as a cryptanalyst and Japanese translator for the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations during World War II.
He received his Ph.D. degree in mathematics from the University of Texas in 1947. His dissertation was titled "An indecomposable continuum which is homeomorphic to each of its nondegenerate subcontinua," a topic in continuum theory, and was written under the direction of R. L. Moore. In his dissertation Moise coined the term pseudo-arc.
Career.
Moise taught at the University of Michigan from 1947 to 1960. He was James B. Conant Professor of education and mathematics at Harvard University from 1960 to 1971. He held a Distinguished Professorship at Queens College, City University of New York from 1971 to 1987.
Moise started working on 3-manifolds while at the University of Michigan. During 1949–1951 he held an appointment at the Institute for Advanced Study during which he proved Moise's theorem that every 3-manifold can be triangulated in an essentially unique way.
Moise joined the School Mathematics Study Group when it started in 1958, as a member of the geometry writing team. The team produced several course outlines and sample pages for a 10th grade geometry course, and then Moise and Floyd L. Downs wrote a geometry textbook, based on the team's approach, that was published in 1964. The textbook used metric postulates instead of Euclid's postulates, a controversial approach supported by some mathematicians such as Saunders Mac Lane but opposed by others such as Alexander Wittenberg and Morris Kline.
Moise was a president of the Mathematical Association of America, a vice-president of the American Mathematical Society, a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and was on the Executive Committee of the International Commission on Mathematical Instruction.
Moise retired from Queens College in 1987 and started a second career studying 19th century English poetry. He had six short notes of literary criticism published.
In the middle and late 1960s, Moise was among the few members of the senior faculty at Harvard University who strongly and publicly opposed the Vietnam War.
Moise died in New York City on December 18, 1998, aged 79.

</doc>
<doc id="19236503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236503" title="Al Graham">
Al Graham

Alfred Graham (September 27, 1905 – October 1969) was a guard who played nine seasons in the National Football League, mainly for the Dayton Triangles . He was born in Miamisburg, Ohio and died in Dayton, Ohio.
Despite being a lineman, he twice scored touchdowns via fumble recoveries, once in 1927 and again in 1929 (this one capping the only scoring drive for the 0-6 Triangles).

</doc>
<doc id="19236579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236579" title="Külüllü">
Külüllü

Kululu may refer to several places in Azerbaijan:

</doc>
<doc id="19236587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236587" title="List of The Inbetweeners episodes">
List of The Inbetweeners episodes

"The Inbetweeners" is a BAFTA Award-winning British sitcom created by Damon Beesley and Iain Morris, and broadcast on E4. The series follows the lives of four sixth form students – Will McKenzie (Simon Bird), Simon Cooper (Joe Thomas), Jay Cartwright (James Buckley) and Neil Sutherland (Blake Harrison). The series is narrated by Will, who acts as the programme's lead character.
The first series introduces the characters, following private school-educated Will and his attempts to acclimatise to a comprehensive school. Despite his status as a "briefcase mong" with "clumpy shoes", he befriends Simon, Jay, and Neil. Will's credibility increases in the first series, as he embarks on a short-lived relationship with Charlotte (Emily Atack). Simon's quest to seduce his childhood sweetheart, Carli (Emily Head), is never completed – often due to Jay's intervention. Neil, however – despite being somewhat less intelligent than the other lads – spends a night with a goth in Simon's car.
The first series consisted of six episodes, starting with the first episode "First Day", which was shown on E4 on 1 May 2008, and ran until 29 May 2008. The second series began on 2 April 2009 with "The Field Trip" and ran for six episodes, also on E4. The third and most recent series began on 13 September 2010 with "The Fashion Show" and ended on 18 October 2010 with "The Camping Trip".

</doc>
<doc id="19236591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236591" title="Vestgrensa (station)">
Vestgrensa (station)

Vestgrensa (originally Ullevål Haveby) was a light rail station on the Sognsvann Line of the Oslo Metro in Norway. It opened on 10 October 1934, and was located between Blindern and Ullevål stadion stations. The station was rebuilt when the Sognsvann Line was upgraded from light rail to metro standard in the early 1990s. It was closed on 22 August 1999, when it was replaced by the new station Forskningsparken.
History.
Ullevål Haveby station opened on 10 October 1934, when Akersbanerne had built a light rail line from Majorstuen to Sognsvann. The line was double-tracked from Majorstuen to Korsvoll (now Østhorn), and single-tracked from there to Sognsvann. On 21 February 1939, the section from Korsvoll to Sognsvann was upgraded to double tracks, and the station Korsvoll had its name changed to Østhorn. Ullevål Haveby station changed also name, to Vestgrensa, to avoid confusion with the northbound Ullevål stadion station.
Vestgrensa was part of Holmenkolbanen's operating network until 1975, when the municipality of Oslo bought all the company's stock. In the early 1990s, the stations on the Sognsvann Line were upgraded to metro standard, which involved a heightening and lengthening of the platforms, and installation of a third rail power supply and a new signaling system. The electrified third rail made it impossible for passengers to cross at track level, and under- or overpasses had to be built at all stations.
In 1992, the transport authorities of Oslo decided to close Nordberg and Frøen stations, on the grounds that these stations were too expensive to maintain. The platforms at Vestgrensa were moved a few metres to adjust to the metro trains. Seven years later, on 22 August 1999, Vestgrensa was closed and replaced with the newly opened Forskningsparken Station.
Location.
Vestgrensa was located in the Ullevål Hageby neighbourhood in Oslo, between the Oslo Innovation Center () and the football stadium Ullevaal Stadion. The station was positioned on an elevated embankment, some metres from a bridge over a pedestrian walkway also named Vestgrensa. The station served the residential area in Ullevål Hageby, as well as the University of Oslo at Blindern. A scout hut was in many years located close to the station.

</doc>
<doc id="19236626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236626" title="Ulu Grosbard">
Ulu Grosbard

Israel "Ulu" Grosbard (9 January 1929 – 19 March 2012) was a Belgian-born, naturalized American theatre and film director and film producer.
Life and career.
Born in Antwerp, Grosbard was the son of Rose (Tennenbaum) and Morris Grosbard, who worked in business and as a diamond merchant. Grosbard emigrated to Havana with his family in 1942; they were fleeing the persecution of Jews by the German occupiers of Belgium during World War II. In 1948, they moved to the United States, where he earned Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts degrees from the University of Chicago. He studied then at the Yale School of Drama for one year before joining the United States Army. Grosbard became a naturalized citizen in 1954.
Grosbard gravitated towards theatre when he relocated to New York City in the early 1960s. After directing "The Days and Nights of BeeBee Fenstermaker" off-Broadway, he earned his first Broadway credit with "The Subject Was Roses", for which he was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Play in 1964. That same year he won the Obie Award for Best Direction and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director of a Play for an off-Broadway revival of the Arthur Miller play "A View from the Bridge", for which Dustin Hoffman served as stage manager and assistant director.
Grosbard's additional Broadway credits include Miller's "The Price"; David Mamet's "American Buffalo", which earned him Tony and Drama Desk Award nominations; Woody Allen's "The Floating Light Bulb"; and a revival of Paddy Chayefsky's "The Tenth Man".
In Hollywood, Grosbard worked as an assistant director on "Splendor in the Grass", "West Side Story", "The Hustler", "The Miracle Worker", and "The Pawnbroker" before helming the screen adaptation of "The Subject Was Roses" on his own. Additional screen credits include "Who Is Harry Kellerman and Why Is He Saying Those Terrible Things About Me?" and "Straight Time", both with Dustin Hoffman; "True Confessions" and "Falling in Love", both with Robert De Niro; "Georgia" for which he won the Grand Prix des Amériques at the Montréal World Film Festival; and "The Deep End of the Ocean".
Personal life.
Grosbard was married to actress Rose Gregorio from 1965 to his death. Grosbard died on 19 March 2012 at the Langone Medical Center in Manhattan. He was 83.

</doc>
<doc id="19236633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236633" title="CJRP">
CJRP

"For the radio station in Saint John, New Brunswick, see CJRP-FM.
CJRP was a French-language Canadian radio station located in Quebec City, Quebec. It operated from 1959 to 1994.
The station broadcast on 1060 kHz on the AM band, using a daytime power of 50,000 watts and a nighttime power of 10,000 watts as a class B station, using a directional antenna with different patterns day and night to protect KYW in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
CJRP was originally known as CJLR and went on the air as an independent station owned by Jacques La Roche (hence the call sign) on October 24, 1959. It originally had a power of 5,000 watts full-time and used a single directional pattern at all times. Power was increased to 10,000 watts full-time in 1962.
In 1969, the station was bought by Raymond Crépault, who already owned CJMS 1280 in Montreal. CJLR's call sign was changed to CJRP (with the "RP" standing for "Radio Provinciale") and the station became a part of the Radiomutuel network.
In 1977, the station increased its daytime power to 50,000 watts, using a different directional pattern than the one now used only at night.
CJRP's Top 40 format was abandoned in favour of oldies mixing news/talk in the early 1980s. On July 29, 1982, a sister station, CHIK-FM, went on the air.
On September 30, 1994, it was announced that Telemedia and Radiomutuel would immediately merge their respective AM news/talk network into the new Radiomédia network. In each of the six markets where the two networks competed, the station which had the best signal remained on-air, and the other one was closed. As local rival CHRC had a much better signal (50,000 watts all day), CJRP had to cease its operations on that day.
The station's licence was revoked by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) on November 2, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19236636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236636" title="Ecosystem-based management">
Ecosystem-based management

Ecosystem-based management is an environmental management approach that recognizes the full array of interactions within an ecosystem, including humans, rather than considering single issues, species, or ecosystem services in isolation (Christensen et al. 1996, McLeod et al. 2005).
Terrestrial ecosystem-based management (often referred to as ecosystem management) came into its own during the conflicts over endangered species protection (particularly the northern spotted owl), land conservation, and water, grazing and timber rights in the western United States in the 1980s and 1990s (Yaffee 1999).
Interest in ecosystem-based management in the marine realm has developed more recently, in response to increasing recognition of the declining state of fisheries and ocean ecosystems (POC 2003, USCOP 2004, Millennium Ecosystem Assessment 2005).
History.
The systemic origins of ecosystem-based management are rooted in the ecosystem management policy applied to the Great Lakes of North America in the late 1970s. The legislation created, the "Great Lakes Basin and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement of 1978", was based on the claim that "no park is an island", with the purpose to show how strict protection of the area is not the best method for preservation (Slocombe 1998b). This type of management system was however an idea that began long before and evolved through the testing and challenging of common ecosystem management practices. 
Before its complete synthesis, the management system's historical development can be traced back to the 1930s. During this time, the scientific communities who studied ecology realized that current approaches to the management of national parks did not provide effective protection of the species within. In 1932, The Ecological Society of America's Committee for the Study of Plant and Animal Communities recognized that US national parks needed to protect all the ecosystems contained within the park in order to create an inclusive and fully functioning sanctuary, and be prepared to handle natural fluctuations in its ecology. Also the committee explained the importance for interagency cooperation and improved public education, as well as challenged the idea that proper park management would "improve" nature (Grumbine 1994). These ideas became the foundation of modern ecosystem-based management. 
As the understanding of how to manage ecosystems shifted, new tenets of the management system were produced. Biologists George Wright and Ben Thompson accounted for the size and boundary limitations of parks and contributed to the re-structuring of how park lines were drawn. They explained how large mammals for example could not be supported within the restricted zones of a national park and in order to protect these animals and their ecosystems a new approach would be needed (Wright and Thomson 1935). Other scientists followed suit, but none were successful in establishing a well-defined ecosystem-based management approach. 
In 1979, the importance of ecosystem-based management resurfaced in ecology from two biologists: John and Frank Craighead. The Craigheads found that grizzly bears of Yellowstone National Park could not sustain a population if only allowed to live within park boundaries. This reinforced the idea that a broader definition of what defines an ecosystem needed to be created, suggesting that it be based on the biotic requirements of the largest mammal present (Grumbine 1994).
The idea of ecosystem-based management began to catch on and projects throughout American National Parks reflected the idea of protecting an ecosystem in its entirety and not based on legal or ecological restrictions as previously used. Jim Agee and Darryll Johnson published a book-length report on managing ecosystems in 1988 explaining the theoretical framework management. While they did not fully embrace ecosystem-based management by still calling for "ecologically defined boundaries", they stated the importance of "clearly stated management goals, interagency cooperation, monitoring of management results, and leadership at the national policy levels" (Grumbine 1994). Most importantly they demanded the recognition of human influence. It was argued that scientists must keep in mind the "complex social context of their work" and always be moving towards "socially desirable conditions" (Grumbine 1994). This need to understand the social aspects of scientific management is the fundamental step from ecological management to ecosystem-based management. 
Although it continues to become recognized, a debate over ecosystem-based management continues. Grumbine (1994) believes, while the approach has evolved, it has not been fully incorporated into management practices because the most effective forms of it have yet to be seen. He articulates that the current ecological climate calls for the most holistic approach of ecological management. This is in part due to the rapid decline in biodiversity and because of the constant state of flux in societal and political views of nature. Conflicts over public interest and understanding of the natural world have created social and political climates that require interagency cooperation, which stands as a backbone for ecosystem-based management.
Implementation.
Because ecosystem-based management is applied to large, diverse areas encompassing an array of interactions between species, ecosystem components, and humans, it is often perceived as a complex process that is difficult to implement. In addition uncertainty is common and predictions are difficult (Slocombe 1998b). However in light of significant ecosystem degradation, there is a need for a holistic approach that combines environmental knowledge and co-ordination with governing agencies to initiate, sustain and enforce habitat and species protection, and include public education and involvement. As a result, ecosystem-based management will likely be increasingly used in the future as a form of environmental management. Some suggestions for implementing ecosystem-based management and what the process may involve are as follows:
Goals and objectives.
Defining clear and concise goals for ecosystem-based management is one of the most important steps in effective ecosystem-based management implementation. Goals must move beyond science-based or science-defined objectives to include social and cultural importance. Experts also call for the creation of "suites" of goals. A single, end-all goal cannot be the solution, but instead a combination of goals and their relationships with each other should be the focus (Slocombe 1998a).
As discussed by Slocombe (1998a), goals should be broadly applicable, measurable and readily observable, and ideally be collectively supported in order to be achievable. The idea is to provide direction for both thinking and action and should try to minimize managing ecosystems in a static state. Goals should also be flexible enough to incorporate a measure of uncertainty and be able to evolve as conditions and knowledge change. This may involve focusing on specific threatening processes, such as habitat loss or introduced invasive species, occurring within an ecosystem. Overall the goals should be integrative, to include the structure, organization and processes of the management of an area. Correct ecosystem-based management should be based in goals that are both "substantive", to explain the aims and importance of protecting an area, and "procedural", to explain how substantive goals will be met. 
As described by Tallis et al. (2010), some steps of ecosystem-based management may include:
This step involves the acquisition of data and knowledge from various sources in order to provide a thorough understanding of critical ecosystem components. Sources may include literature, informal sources such as aboriginal residents, resource users, and/or environmental experts. Data may also be gained through statistical analyses, simulation models, or conceptual models.
Ecological indicators are useful for tracking or monitoring an ecosystem's status and can provide feedback on management progress (Slocombe 1998a). Examples may include the population size of a species or the levels of toxin present in a body of water. Social indicators may also be used such as the number or types of jobs within the environmental sector or the livelihood of specific social groups such as indigenous peoples.
Tallis et al. (2010) suggest setting thresholds for each indicator and setting targets that would represent a desired level of health for the ecosystem. Examples may include species composition within an ecosystem or the state of habitat conditions based on local observations or stakeholder interviews. Thresholds can be used to help guide management, particularly for a species by looking at the conservation status criteria established by either state or federal agencies and using models such as the minimum viable population size. 
A range of threats and disturbances, both natural and human, often can affect indicators. Risk is defined as the sensitivity of an indicator to an ecological disturbance. Several models can be used to assess risk such as population viability analysis. 
Evaluating the effectiveness of the implemented management strategies is very important in determining how management actions are affecting the ecosystem indicators.
Evaluation: This final step involves monitoring and assessing data to see how well the management strategies chosen are performing relative to the initial objectives stated. The use of simulation models or multi-stakeholder groups can help to assess management.
It is important to note that many of these steps for implementing ecosystem-based management are limited by the governance in place for a region, the data available for assessing ecosystem status and reflecting on the changes occurring, and the time frame in which to operate.
Challenges.
Because ecosystems differ greatly and express varying degrees of vulnerability, it is difficult to apply a functional framework that can be universally applied. These outlined steps or components of ecosystem-based management can, for the most part, be applied to multiple situations and are only suggestions for improving or guiding the challenges involved with managing complex issues. Because of the greater amount of influences, impacts, and interactions to account for, problems, obstacles and criticism often arise within ecosystem-based management.
The first commonly defined challenge is the need for meaningful and appropriate management units. These units must be broad and contain value for people in and outside of the protected area (Slocombe 1998b). For example Aberley (1993) suggests the use of "bioregions" as management units, which can allow peoples involvement with that region to come through. To define management units as inclusive regions rather that exclusive ecological zones would prevent further limitations created by narrow or restricting political and economic policy created from the units. Slocombe (1998b) suggests that better management units should be flexible and build from existing units and that the biggest challenge is creating truly effect units for managers to compare against. 
Another issue is in the creation of administrative bodies. They should operate as the essence of ecosystem-based management, working together towards mutually agreed upon goals. Gaps in administration or research, competing objectives or priorities between management agencies and governments due to overlapping jurisdictions, or obscure goals such as sustainability, ecosystem integrity, or biodiversity can often result in fragmented or weak management (Slocombe 1998b). In addition, limited knowledge of ecosystem components and function and time constraints that can often limit objectives to only those that can be addressed in the short-term (Slocombe 1993; Tallis et al. 2010).
The most challenging issue facing ecosystem-based management is that there exists little knowledge about the system and its effectiveness. With limited resources available on how to implement the system it is hard to find support for its use (Slocombe 1998b). 
Criticism of ecosystem-based management include its reliance on analogy and comparisons, too broadly applied frameworks, its overlap with or duplication of other methods such as ecosystem management, environmental management, or integrated ecosystem assessment, its vagueness in concepts and application, and its tendency to ignore historical, evolutionary or individual factors that may heavily influence ecosystem functioning (Slocombe 1993). 
Ecosystem-based management is seen as a critical planning and management framework for conserving or restoring ecosystems though it is still not widely implemented (Tallis et al. 2010). An ecosystem approach addresses many relationships across spatial, biological, and organizational scales and is a goal-driven approach to restoring and sustaining ecosystems and functions (Szaro et al. 1998). In addition, ecosystem-based management involves community influence as well as planning and management from local, regional and national government bodies and management agencies. All must be in collaboration in order to develop a desired future of ecosystem conditions, particularly where ecosystems have undergone radical degradation and change (Szaro et al. 1998). To move forward, ecosystem-based management should be approached through adaptive management, allowing flexibility and inclusiveness to deal with constant environmental, societal, and political change (Slocombe 1998b).
Marine systems.
Ecosystem-based management for marine environments moves away from the traditional strategies in which single species and single sectors are managed individually (Slocombe 1993); rather it is an integrated approach which considers all key activities, particularly anthropogenic, that affect marine environments (Levin and Lubchenco 2008). The objective is to ensure sustainable ecosystems, thus protecting the resources and services they provide (Guerry 2005). 
In recent years there has been increasing recognition of disruption to marine ecosystems resulting from climate change, overfishing, nutrient and chemical pollution from land runoff, coastal development, bycatch, habitat destruction and other human activities (Levin and Lubchenco 2008). There are very clear links between human activities and marine ecosystem functioning; this has become an issue of high importance because there are many services provided by marine ecosystems that are declining as a result of these impacts. These services include the provision of food, fuel, mineral resources, pharmaceuticals, as well as opportunities for recreation, trade, research and education (Leslie and McLeod 2007). 
Guerry (2005) has identified an urgent need to improve the management of these declining ecosystems, particularly in coastal areas, to ensure a sustainable future. Human communities depend on marine ecosystems for important resources, but without holistic management these ecosystems are likely to collapse. It has been suggested that the degradation of marine ecosystems is largely the result of poor governance and that new approaches to management are required (Olsson et al. 2008). The Pew Oceans Commission (POC 2003) and the US Commission of Ocean Policy (USCOP 2004) have indicated the importance of moving from current piecemeal management to a more integrated ecosystem-based approach (Guerry 2005).
Key elements.
At its core, ecosystem-based management is about acknowledging connections, including the linkages between marine ecosystems and human societies, economies and institutional systems, as well as those among various species within an ecosystem and among ocean places that are linked by the movement of species, materials, and ocean currents (McLeod and Leslie 2009). The more information we can gather about an ecosystem and all of the interconnected factors which affect it, the more capable we will be of better managing that system (Guerry 2005). 
Ecosystem-based management focuses on how individual actions affect the ecosystem services that flow from coupled social-ecological systems in an integrated fashion, rather than considering these impacts in a piecemeal manner (McLeod and Leslie 2009). Loss of biodiversity in marine ecosystems is an example of how cumulative effects from different sectors can impact on an ecosystem in a compounding way. Overfishing, coastal development, filling and dredging, mining and other human activities all contribute to the loss of biodiversity and therefore degradation of the ecosystem (Leslie et al. 2008).
The only way to deal with the cumulative effects of human influences on marine ecosystems is for various contributing sectors to set common goals for the protection or management of ecosystems (Leslie et al. 2008). While some policies may only affect a single sector, others may affect multiple sectors. A policy for the protection of endangered marine species, for example, could affect recreational and commercial fisheries, mining, shipping and tourism sectors to name a few (Leslie et al. 2008). More effective ecosystem management would result from the collective adoption of policies by all sectors, rather than each sector creating their own isolated policies. 
Not all members of the public will be properly informed, or be fully aware, of current threats to marine ecosystems and it is therefore important to change public perceptions by informing people about these issues. It is important to consider the interest of the public when making decisions about ocean management and not just those who have a material interest (Leslie and McLeod 2007) because community support is needed by management agencies in order to make decisions. The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority (GBRMPA) faced the issue of poor public awareness in their proposed management strategy which included no-take fishing zones (Olsson et al. 2008). They addressed this problem by starting a 'reef under pressure' information campaign to prove to the public that the Great Barrier Reef is under threat from human disturbances, and in doing so were successful in gaining public support (Olsson et al. 2008). 
To ensure that all key players are on the same page, it is important to have communication between managers, resource users, scientists, government bodies and other stakeholders (Leslie and McLeod 2007). Proper engagement between these groups will enable the development of management initiatives that are realistic and enforceable (Leslie and McLeod 2007) as well as effective for ecosystem management.
Coupled social-ecological systems are constantly changing in ways that cannot be fully predicted or controlled. Understanding the resilience of ecosystems, i.e. the extent to which they can maintain structure, function, and identity in the face of disturbance, can enable better prediction of how ecosystems will respond to both natural and anthropogenic perturbations, and to changes in environmental management (McLeod and Leslie 2009).
Ecosystem-based management focuses on the diverse benefits provided by marine systems, rather than on single ecosystem services. Such benefits or services include vibrant commercial and recreational fisheries, biodiversity conservation, renewable energy from wind or waves and coastal protection (McLeod and Leslie 2009).
Because of the lack of control and predictability of coupled social-ecological systems, an adaptive management approach is recommended (Leslie and McLeod 2007).
Other examples.
The Land and Resource Management Planning (LRMP) was implemented by the British Columbia Government (Canada) in the mid-1990s in the Great Bear Rainforest in order to establish a multiparty land-use planning system (MacKinnon 2008). The aim was to "maintain the ecological integrity of terrestrial, marine and freshwater ecosystems and achieve high levels of human well-being" (MacKinnon 2008). The steps described in the programme included: protect old-growth forests, maintain forest structure at the stand level, protect threatened and endangered species and ecosystems, protect wetlands and apply adaptive management. MacKinnon (2008) highlighted that the main limitation of this program was the social and economic aspects related to the lack of orientation to improve human well-being.
A Remedial Action Plan (RAP) was created during the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement that implemented ecosystem-based management (Hartig et al. 1998). The transition, according to the authors, from "a narrow to a broader approach " was not easy because it required the cooperation of both the Canadian and American governments. This meant different cultural, political and regulatory perspectives were involved with regards to the lakes. Hartig et al. (1998) described eight principles required to make the implementation of ecosystem-based management efficacious: "broad-based stakeholder involvement; commitment of top leaders; agreement on information needs and interpretation; action planning within a strategic framework; human resource development; results and indicators to measure progress; systematic review and feedback; and stakeholder satisfaction".

</doc>
<doc id="19236666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236666" title="Mizpah (Judah)">
Mizpah (Judah)

Mizpah was a city in the Kingdom of Judah, in the district of the Shephelah or maritime lowland. 
Eusebius and Jerome put the territory of Eleutheropolis near the road to Elia.

</doc>
<doc id="19236684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236684" title="1960–61 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1960–61 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1960–61 campaign was Town's worst ever season to date. They missed out on relegation to Division Three for the first time in their history. They finished the season in 20th place, just two points ahead of relegated Portsmouth. Their main high point of the season was the defeat of FA Cup holders Wolverhampton Wanderers in the third round of the FA Cup.
Review.
Following Denis Law's record-breaking departure to Manchester City the previous season, Town's strikeforce was severely depleted, despite the purchase of Derek Stokes from neighbours Bradford City. Town's start was OK in the strike department, but the defence department was leaking goals leading Town down the table to the relegation trapdoor to Division Three. Not even a 4–1 win over rivals Leeds United at Elland Road gave Town much joy during the season. As Town were dropping rapidly down the table Aston Villa's Pat Saward was brought in to stop the slide. Les Massie & Derek Stokes' 31 league goals helped Town survive the drop by just two points from Portsmouth. They finished 20th with just 35 points, their closest shave with relegation in their history.
Their season will be best remembered for their exploits in the FA Cup. Their 3rd round match was against the holders and Division One leaders Wolverhampton Wanderers. At the time, Town were bottom of Division Two and travelled to Molineux Stadium with virtually no chance of victory expected. They managed a 1–1 draw thanks to a goal by Stokes. The replay at Leeds Road was the first match to use the newly erected "Denis Law Lights" and saw Town victorious by the score of 2–1 with goals from Stokes and Michael O'Grady. They eventually lost to Barnsley in the next round.

</doc>
<doc id="19236692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236692" title="USS Tuscumbia">
USS Tuscumbia

USS "Tuscumbia" is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="19236700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236700" title="Love Is All Around (album)">
Love Is All Around (album)

Love Is All Around is an album by Eric Burdon and War (credited as "War featuring Eric Burdon" on the original edition). Released in 1976 on ABC Records, it contains tracks recorded during the band's brief existence from 1969 to 1971, but not found on their two albums from 1970. Many years later it was reissued on CD by Avenue Records; this edition restores the original group name, Eric Burdon and War.
Only two tracks had been released previously: "Magic Mountain" was the B-side to "Spill the Wine"; and "Home Dream", though performed by Eric Burdon and War, appeared in 1971 on the album "Guilty" by Eric Burdon and Jimmy Witherspoon.
Of the remaining tracks, the title track had not been previously released in any form; "Tobacco Road" is an alternate and shorter version of the John D. Loudermilk song which appeared on Eric Burdon and War's first album, "Eric Burdon Declares "War""; "A Day in the Life" is a previously unreleased cover version of the song by The Beatles; and "Paint It Black" is a live version (Whiskey, Los Angeles, September 8, 1969) of the group's suite arrangement of the song by The Rolling Stones which appeared in a studio version on Eric Burdon and War's second album, "The Black-Man's Burdon".
In 1977, "Magic Mountain" and an edited version of "Home Dream" were issued as a single.
Track listing.
Tracks credited to "War" refer to Papa Dee Allen, Harold Brown, Eric Burdon, B.B. Dickerson, Lonnie Jordan, Charles Miller, Lee Oskar, Howard E. Scott.

</doc>
<doc id="19236704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236704" title="Theophilus T. Garrard">
Theophilus T. Garrard

Theophilus Toulmin Garrard (June 7, 1812 – March 15, 1902) was a politician, Union general in the American Civil War, farmer, and businessman.
Early life and career.
Garrard was born in Clay County, Kentucky near Manchester at the Goose Creek Salt Works (later Union Salt Works) to Colonel Daniel Garrard (1780–1886) and Lucinda Jane Toulmin (1790–1849). He was a grandson of Kentucky Governor James Garrard and cousin of Israel Garrard, Jeptha Garrard, and Kenner Garrard. Garrard attended Centre College in Danville, Kentucky.
On March 26, 1832, Garrard married Nancy Brawner, who died on March 31, just five days after their wedding. He then married Lucinda "Lucy" Burnham Lees on March 9, 1849; together they had eleven children, six boys and five girls.
Garrard ran for office in the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1841 and 1842, but was defeated both times. He ran again in 1843, beating his opponent General Elijah Combs. He was reelected in 1844 with no opposition.
During the Mexican-American War he served as a captain of Company E, 16th U.S. Infantry, from March 5, 1847 until August 5, 1849, but never saw combat. Four companies, Garrard's included, were stationed at Cerralvo, Mexico on the Rio Grande, with the remaining six companies at Monterrey. Garrard stated, "I think the 8 months I stayed there were the most pleasant part of my life. The Mexicans were fond of us. We had no trouble with them. The climate was pleasant and everything went well."
Garrard left Kentucky in 1849 to seek his fortune in the California Gold Rush, but returned to Kentucky in 1850, not having found a fortune. He won a seat in the Kentucky Senate in 1857 and resigned in 1859 to run for the United States Congress, but was defeated by Green Adams. He was elected again to the Kentucky Senate on August 4, 1861, but declined to serve as he had received his commission as colonel July 27, 1861.
Although a staunch Unionist, Garrard was a slave owner. The 1840 U.S. Census shows that he owned 11 slaves. By 1860, his total worth was $20,000 (over $694,000 in 2007 dollars), and he owned nine slaves thus making him the sixth wealthiest citizen of Clay County.
Civil War.
At the outbreak of the Civil War Garrard was authorized to raise a regiment of infantry. He personally recruited eight companies: two from Clay County, two from Laurel County, two from Knox County, and two from Whitley County. Garrard was appointed colonel of the 7th Kentucky Infantry on September 22, 1861.
He commanded the 7th Kentucky Infantry at the Battle of Camp Wildcat, during the Cumberland Gap Campaign, and a detachment of men at the Battle of Perryville from the 7th Kentucky, 32nd Kentucky Infantry, and 3rd Tennessee Infantry who had escaped the Battle of Richmond. Garrard remained with the 7th Kentucky until winter 1862 when he was assigned to the staff of Brigadier General Samuel P. Carter.
Garrard was promoted to brigadier general to date from November 29, 1862, and ordered to report to Major General Benjamin M. Prentiss at Helena, Arkansas. While at Milliken's Bend, Louisiana, near the end of March 1863, Garrard lost central vision in his left eye. His attending surgeon suggested that he had some "obscure disease" behind the eye and advised Garrard to see another physician. Garrard reported to the Union Army medical director at Cincinnati in July 1863. The surgeon there determined he had a rupture within the eye and that it was incurable. Garrard remained at Cincinnati until leaving for Memphis on September 12, 1863.
Garrard was assigned command of the District of Somerset, which included four other nearby towns, August 1863-January 17, 1864; this command was broken into the Subdistrict of Somerset, which he also commanded November 6-December 1863. On January 17, 1864, he was placed in command of the District of the Clinch, a mixed brigade of infantry and cavalry, posted at Cumberland Gap. His primary responsibilities included supervision of the construction of military roads within his jurisdiction.
Garrard was honorably mustered out of the service on April 4, 1864 due to his vision issues. He returned to home in Clay County, where he farmed and operated the salt works. Pension records indicate that he had lost complete sight in his left eye and nearly all in his right eye.
Later life.
Garrard spent the remainder of his life in Clay County farming and operating the Union Salt Works, which he rebuilt after they were burned by Union soldiers during the war to prevent their use by Confederate forces. He died on March 15, 1902 in the same home in which he was born. Garrard is buried in the family cemetery at Garrard, Kentucky.
Honors.
The Brigadier General Theophilus T. Garrard Camp #4, Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19236728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236728" title="Shlomo Breznitz">
Shlomo Breznitz

Shlomo Breznitz (, born 3 August 1936) is an Israeli author, psychologist, former professor of psychology, former rector and president of the University of Haifa, and previous member of the Knesset. He is currently the president and founder of Cognifit, a brain fitness software company.
Early life.
Breznitz was born in Bratislava in Czechoslovakia (today Slovakia). During the Holocaust he and his sister were hidden in a Roman Catholic orphanage, an experience detailed in his memoirs, "Memory Fields". His father was killed in Auschwitz, but his mother survived and they made aliyah to Israel in 1949. He studied psychology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, gaining a BA in 1960, an MA in 1962 and a PhD in 1965, the first person to receive a doctorate in the new field of psychology in Israel. 
Later career.
From 1969 until 1971, Breznitz served as a consultant to the Israeli Air Force on problems of stress. He was the founding director of the Ray D. Wolfe Center for Study of Psychological Stress at the University of Haifa in 1979. Breznitz also has served as the Lady Davis Professor of Psychology and was the visiting professor at the London School of Economics, Berkeley, Stanford, National Institutes of Health and Rockefeller University. He has also been a visiting scientist at the National Institute of Mental Health in Washington D.C..
He has written seven books and has contributed chapters to over 20 other books in addition to numerous professional articles and research reports. In 1999 he retired from Haifa University to found brain fitness software company, Cognifit. He has been in the forefront of cognitive training using a personal computer and has developed patented technology that turns the personal computer into a tool for providing individualized training programs for a wide range of cognitive skills needed for everyday function and cognitive skills specific to particular fields of interest.
Poltics.
After Ehud Olmert, a personal friend, convinced him to enter politics, Breznitz was elected to the Knesset on the Kadima list in 2006, the first Slovak to become an MK. He was the founder of the India-Israel Parliamentary Friendship Group in the Knesset. However, he retired from politics and left the Knesset on 8 October 2007.
Bibliography.
Books authored by Breznitz include:

</doc>
<doc id="19236748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236748" title="Camera Obscura (San Francisco, California)">
Camera Obscura (San Francisco, California)

The Camera Obscura in San Francisco is a large-scale camera obscura and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located near the Cliff House restaurant perched on the headlands on the cliffs just north of Ocean Beach on the western side of San Francisco, California. The Camera and restaurant are currently owned by the National Park Service as part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 20, 2001.
History.
Cameras obscura, devices which project an image of the surroundings onto a surface using only existing exterior light sources, usually sunlight, have a long history in San Francisco. The first recorded reference to one in the city is from the 1860s in an attraction called Woodward's Gardens. A previous incarnation of the Cliff House was noted to have had a camera obscura on its fourth floor in 1896. This camera obscura was destroyed when the restaurant burned down in 1907.
When the fourth Cliff House opened in 1937, the owner was approached by businessman Floyd Jennings with the idea of adding a camera obscura to the cliffs behind the restaurant. It was installed on the site in 1946 and has been in continuous operation since then.
Technology.
The San Francisco Camera Obscura projects an image onto a horizontal viewing table via a reflected image from a viewpoint at the top of the building. A metal hood in the cupola at the top of the building slowly rotates, making a full revolution in about six minutes, allowing for a 360° view around the building.
Light enters the building via an angled mirror in the metal hood. It then passed through a lens with a 150 in. (381 cm) focal length and is projected onto a parabolic white "table" in a black room. The origin of the lens is uncertain but it appears to have been part of a telescope, likely manufactured by the Clark Lens Company of Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Preservation.
The Camera Obscura was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001 for its engineering significance. While the exterior of the building was extensively modified in 1957 to appear as a giant camera, the internal workings of the camera obscura, the basis of its placement on the Register, have remained unchanged since its erection in 1946. The 1957 external architecture was due to be evaluated for historical significance upon reaching fifty years of age in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19236782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236782" title="Harbor Lights Lake">
Harbor Lights Lake

Harbor Lights Lake is a reservoir in Suamico, Wisconsin, Brown County, Wisconsin, United States. Harbor Lights Lake is small and right along Lake Michigan. Over 300 people live on the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19236804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236804" title="Cleopatra (1912 film)">
Cleopatra (1912 film)

Cleopatra is a 1912 American silent historical drama starring Helen Gardner in the title role and directed by Charles L. Gaskill. It is the first film to be produced by Gardner's production company, The Helen Gardner Picture Players. The film was based on a play written by Victorien Sardou.
"Cleopatra" is one of the first six-reel feature films produced in the United States. Promoted with the tagline "The most beautiful motion picture ever made", the film was the first to feature a film depiction of Cleopatra.
Synopsis.
In a series of elaborately staged tableaux, it depicts Cleopatra and her love affairs, first with handsome fisherman-slave Pharon, then with Mark Antony.
Production notes.
"Cleopatra" was the first film produced by Helen Gardner's production company, The Helen Gardner Picture Players, located in Tappan, New York. Gardner created the company in 1910 after finding success in a series of Vitagraph shorts in the early 1900s.
The film's budget was $45,000 (approximately $ today) and featured lavish sets and costumes (Gardner also served as the film's costume designer and editor). In an unusual move for the time, Gardner used the natural scenery in Tappan for outdoor shots in addition to sets.
Releases.
Upon its release, "Cleopatra" played in opera houses and theatres. The film was also featured in a theatrical roadshow accompanied by a publicist, manager and a lecturer/projectionist.
In 1918, Gardner filmed additional scenes and re-issued the film to compete with the 1917 adaptation released by Fox and starring Theda Bara.
Status.
The 1912 version of "Cleopatra" still exists in its entirety. Turner Classic Movies had the print restored and commissioned a new musical score for the film. The restored version aired on TCM in August 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19236858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236858" title="Tillie Voss">
Tillie Voss

Walter Clarence "Tillie" Voss (March 28, 1897 in Detroit, Michigan – 1975) was a tackle who played nine seasons in the National Football League. During his time with the Packers, Voss, along with Frank Hanny of the Chicago Bears were the first players to be ejected in a game in league history after exchanging punches.

</doc>
<doc id="19236903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236903" title="Čović">
Čović

Čović is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19236920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236920" title="2008–09 DFB-Pokal (women)">
2008–09 DFB-Pokal (women)

The DFB-Pokal 2008–09 was the 29th season of the competition. The first round began on 30 August 2008. In the final, held on 30 May 2009 in Berlin FCR 2001 Duisburg defeated Turbine Potsdam 7–0, marking the highest margin by which a Frauen DFB-Pokal final was ever decided.
1st round.
The top six clubs from last year's Bundesliga season were automatically qualified for the second round of the cup. These were 1. FFC Frankfurt, Turbine Potsdam, FCR 2001 Duisburg, Bayern Munich, SC 07 Bad Neuenahr, and VfL Wolfsburg. The other clubs from the Bundesliga all won their first round match.
2nd round.
In the second round Bayern Munich defeated title holder 1. FFC Frankfurt who was for the first time since 1998 not present in the DFB-Pokal final. The other match between clubs from the Bundesliga was won by SG Essen-Schönebeck against HSV Borussia Friedenstal.

</doc>
<doc id="19236935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236935" title="Clayoquot Sound Central Region Board">
Clayoquot Sound Central Region Board

The Clayoquot Sound Central Region Board (CRB) was created as a result of the historic two-year Interim Measures Agreement (IMA) in 1994. This agreement acknowledged that “the Ha’wiih (Hereditary Chiefs) of the First Nations have the responsibility to conserve and protect their traditional territories and waters for generations which will follow”. The IMA was a negotiated agreement between the Central Region Chiefs (CRC) and the Province of British Columbia to define the terms of co-management of land and resource use and operations during treaty 
negotiations.
The IMA was extended twice in April 1996 and March 2000 to become the Interim Measures Extension Agreement: A Bridge to Treaty dated on March 28, 2000. As of April 2008 the IMEA has been re-extended for one further year with funds provided to support the Central Region functions and administration and the Central Region Board (CRB). 
Roles and Responsibilities.
The role of the CRB is to deal with all aspects of resource management and land use planning in the Clayoquot Sound region. The CRB is a final stop for reviewing projects and plans that pertain to any of the Central Region First Nation territories. 
The CRB is responsible for reviewing and providing recommendations on all proposed development plans relating to Clayoquot Sound. The primary functions of the CRB are to:
- Provide advice to the Parties, including the Province of British Columbia and the Ha’wiih (Hereditary Chiefs) of the Central Region First Nations (Tla-o-qui-aht, Ahousaht, Hesquiaht, Toquaht, and Ucluelet First Nations) on planning processes and strategic initiatives affecting resource management and land use planning;
- Participate in the development of a regional economic development strategy;
- Review plans related to the alienation, conservation and protection of land, water or marine resources;
- Monitor the activities of the Clayoquot Sound Planning Process, which implements the Scientific Panel recommendations and other resource and land use planning initiatives agreed to by the Parties (CRB, 2008b);
- Initiate new work where necessary;
- Monitor the fiduciary obligations of the Crown;
- Hear public concerns on resource management and land-use planning, and make recommendations to the Parties;
- Carry out planning tasks or projects as directed by the Parties; and
- Develop an annual operational plan for review and approval by the Parties.
When reviewing and making recommendations on resource and land use plans, the CRB consults with local communities at the direction of either the CRC or the Provincial Government. (Please see http://www.centralregionboard.com/responsibilities.html for more information about the review process and conditions.)
The NTC does not have any formal relationships or direct dealings (e.g., through joint meetings or strategic planning sessions) with the NEDC, CRB or CRMB, but all of these bodies serve the Central Region First Nations.
Structure.
The CRB links the Central Region First Nations, the Provincial Government and local communities in “a joint management process for resource management and land use planning” (CRB, 2008c). The Central Region Chiefs do not control the CRB but have representatives that sit on the Board. Administratively, the CRB consists of five First Nations representatives (one from each Nation), five non-Native representatives appointed by the Province of British Columbia, and two co-chairs — one First Nation and one provincially-appointed. 
The CRB reports to the Central Region Chiefs through the First Nations Co-Chief and the CRC Executive Director. (The Executive Director, who is currently Jackie Godfrey, is the "face" of the CRC.) The non-First Nations representatives report to the province through the provincially-appointed Co-Chair.
Administration.
The CRB maintains an office in the Central Region Chiefs Administrative Building on the Itatsoo Reserve. The Director of the Secretariat is Peter Ayres. 
References.
Ecotrust Canada. Sharmalene Mendis-Millard, "The Central Region Board," in Daniel Arbour, Brenda Kuecks & Danielle Edwards (editors). " Nuu-chah-nulth Central Region First Nations Governance Structures 2007/2008", Vancouver, September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19236991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236991" title="Legion of the Damned (novel)">
Legion of the Damned (novel)

Legion of the Damned is a science fiction novel by William C. Dietz, first published by Ace Books in 1993. 
This is the first book in the nine book Legion of the Damned series by William C. Dietz. The final novel (A Fighting Chance) was released in November 2011. Dietz has since begun a prequel series, beginning with the novel Andromeda's Fall, released in late 2012.
Publisher's summary.
"When there's no hope for the terminally ill or a condemned criminal they have one last chance to survive. And that's to join the Legion and become a cyborg. Both more and less than human, these warriors are the most elite fighting force in the Empire, they are the Legion of the Damned."
Plot summary.
In the far future, the Human Empire has been attacked by the alien Hudatha. Humanity's last hope lies with the Legion (the successor to the French Foreign Legion), an elite fighting force of cyborg soldiers.

</doc>
<doc id="19236992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236992" title="Service record of Reinhard Heydrich">
Service record of Reinhard Heydrich

The service record of Reinhard Heydrich was a collection of official SS documents maintained at the SS Personalhauptamt in Berlin from 1934 until the fall of Nazi Germany in 1945. Most of Reinhard Heydrich's record was captured by the Allies and used for subsequent investigation into Heydrich's duties as head of the RSHA and overall performance in the SS in general.
Today, Reinhard Heydrich's original paper service record is maintained at the German Federal Archives. A microfilm copy of the record is also available at the National Archives and Records Administration in College Park, Maryland.
Naval career.
Heydrich began his military career in 1922, joining the "Reichsmarine" as a midshipman ("Fahnrich"). He was promoted to senior midshipman ("Oberfahnrich sur See") on 1 April 1924 and commissioned an ensign ("Leutnant zur See") in 1926. Serving as a signals officer, in 1928 he was promoted to sub-lieutenant ("Oberleutnant zur See"). However, the promotion further fuelled his arrogance and ambition, resulting in difficult relations with his fellow officers and sailors. Gaining a reputation as a womaniser, in April 1931 he was court-martialled and dismissed from the Navy for "conduct unbecoming to an officer and a gentleman." 
Summary of SS career.
The early years.
When Heydrich joined the SS, it was with the understanding that he would be a primary assistant to Heinrich Himmler and also Himmler's "right hand man" when it came to SS activities in southern Germany. The SS in 1931 was divided by shifting loyalties and geographical divisions, with two SS power bases building up in northern and southern Germany respectively. Two years before the Nazis were in power, this stage of the SS did not encompass the state police forces that Heydrich would eventually be put in command of by Himmler, and his task in 1931 was to develop an internal security group and help Heinrich Himmler to gain more power within the Nazi Party and the SS.
Heydrich was enlisted into the SS in the summer of 1931. After three weeks, Heydrich was given a commission as an "SS-Sturmführer" and began working out of a Munich apartment to establish his "Ic-Dienst" which would later become the Sicherheitsdienst. By Christmas, Heydrich was an SS-Captain which, in those days, was known as "Sturmhauptführer" (prior to 1934, SS officer ranks were the same as the SA. This rank would eventually become "Hauptsturmführer"). Just two weeks later, Heydrich was made an SS-Major as he continued to build his security service. Six months later, in the summer of 1932, he became an SS-Colonel ("Standartenführer") as the SS at this point had no Lieutenant Colonel rank. An important irony of Heydrich's standing at this point in his career is that senior SS leaders considered him rather unimportant and he was referred to by one SS Group Leader in northern Germany as a "mere" "Standartenführer".
Nazi Germany.
The event which catapulted Heydrich into the ranks of the SS Generals was the Nazi Party's assumption to power in January 1933. Two months later, in March, Heydrich was promoted to "Oberführer" and it is in this capacity that the first official photographs of him were taken. Some private photographs exist showing him as an "Standartenführer" from 1932, but there are no known pictures of Heydrich wearing a junior SS rank from before this time.
The year of 1933 was occupied by Heydrich and Himmler attempting to consolidate SS power and eliminate the divisions which had developed between regional SS leaders. The effort was begun to take over control of the state police forces and also to transfer SS headquarters from Munich to Berlin. Thus, by the end of 1933, Heydrich had been promoted to "Brigadeführer", basically the equivalent of a Major General and had moved his office to Berlin from where he commanded the SD. On 20 April 1934, Göring and Himmler agreed to put aside their differences (largely because of their mutual hatred and growing dread of the "Sturmabteilung"). Göring transferred full authority over the Gestapo to Himmler, who was also named chief of all German police forces outside of Prussia. Himmler on 22 April 1934 named Heydrich the head of the Gestapo. With the Gestapo under their control, the two men plotted as to its use along with the SS to crush the SA.
The Night of the Long Knives (30 June to 2 July 1934) was another event which significantly helped Heydrich's career as his SD apparatus (along with other branches of the SS, such as the "Totenkopfverbande") and the Gestapo were used to destroy the leadership of the "Sturmabteilung" (SA). This established the SS as the dominant paramilitary group within the Nazi Party. For Heydrich's role, he was made an SS-"Gruppenführer" which was the second highest rank at the time. However, at this stage in his career, Heydrich was still mainly regarded as the commander of the SD but had already begun to exert himself into other police forces including the Gestapo.
Peacetime.
For the next five years, Heydrich became feared throughout Germany. Himmler, after being named the chief of all German police in 1936, incorporated together the Gestapo and the Kripo or "Kriminalpolizei" (Criminal Police) into the "Sicherheitspolizei" or SiPo (Security Police). They were considered a complementary organisation to the "Sicherheitsdienst" (SD). Reinhard Heydrich was given control of the SiPo (Gestapo & Kripo) and remained head of the SD. Although Heydrich was chief of the Gestapo, Heinrich Müller ran this unit's day to day operations. Simultaneously during this time, Heydrich had begun to focus on anti-Jewish measures throughout Germany and he was tasked with overseeing security at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Wartime.
The start of the Second World War propelled Heydrich to even further power as his "Sicherheitspolizei" (SiPo) and his SD were merged into the "Reichssicherheitshauptamt" over which he was given command. The RSHA was further tasked to create and manage the "Einsatzgruppen" sent into Poland (and later Russia) to round up and exterminate Jews, Communists, and other "undesirables".
Career's end.
In September 1941, Heydrich was given his first political posting as he became the Deputy Reichsprotector of Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia. Promoted to "Obergruppenführer" (a full SS-General), just a few months later Heydrich was tasked by Göring to chair the Wannsee Conference at which he presented to heads of a number of German Government departments a plan for the deportation and transporting of Jewish people from every country in Europe to be worked to death or outright killed in the East.
Heydrich's position in the spring of 1942 was one of great power, but his career was cut short. In May, Heydrich was attacked by British Special Operations Executive (SOE) trained soldiers of the Czechoslovakia’s army-in-exile, Jozef Gabčík and Jan Kubiš in Prague. Heydrich died in early June 1942 of his wounds.
Service as fighter pilot.
Reinhard Heydrich served as Reserve Hauptmann, then Major in the Luftwaffe. He served in the Invasion of Poland as a turret gunner. Then, despite his advanced age, he completed a fighter pilot course in 1940, probably due to his ambition. Heydrich wanted to set an example and show that the SS were not "asphalt" soldiers behind the front lines, but the elite of the Third Reich. In April 1940 he flew a Bf 110 in the Fighter Group II./JG 77 "Herz As" in Norway. The planes flown by Heydrich had an ancient Germanic runic character S for "Sieg" -- "victory" painted on the side of the fuselage. On May 13, 1940 he crashed his plane during take-off and was injured. For a short time in May, he flew patrol flights over North Germany and the Netherlands. Then, after another accident, he returned to Berlin. In mid-June 1941, before the German attack on the USSR, he resumed flying, ignoring Himmler's orders. He flew his personal Bf 109 again with Group II./JG 77 from Bălţi, Romania on the southern Eastern Front, which put the wing commander under pressure due to Heydrich's position and lack of experience. On 22 July 1941, while on a combat mission, his plane was badly damaged over Yampil by Soviet anti-aircraft fire. Heydrich made an emergency landing in no-man's land, evaded a Soviet patrol and made his way back to German lines. After this, he was forbidden to fly in combat, as it was realized that his capture as a POW would be a major security breach for Germany. He never flew another operational sortie.
Heydrich was decorated with the Iron Cross Second (1940) and First (1941) Classes. The number of missions he flew is not known, but he was awarded the "Frontflugspange" (Front Pilot Badge) in silver, which usually was awarded after 60 combat missions. According to Ballantine Books' "Illustrated History of the Violent Century" (1973), Heydrich flew 97 missions in a Me-110 twin engine fighter.
Dates of rank.
Reichsmarine.
Court-martialled and dismissed from the service in April 1931

</doc>
<doc id="19236999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19236999" title="Cary Woods">
Cary Woods

Cary Woods has produced 20 films, from the worldwide blockbuster "Scream" to critical breakouts by filmmakers including Alexander Payne ("Citizen Ruth"), Larry Clark ("Kids"), Doug Liman ("Swingers"), James Mangold ("Cop Land") and Harmony Korine ("Gummo").
After beginning his career at the William Morris Agency—where he worked with Gus Van Sant, Charlie Sheen, Uma Thurman and Matt Dillon, among others, and shepherded films including "Heathers" and "Drugstore Cowboy"—he moved to Sony Pictures Entertainment as Vice-President, Office of the Chairman, under Peter Guber and Jon Peters. Woods struck a production deal with Sony two years later to produce films starring Mike Myers, Robert Downey Jr., Marisa Tomei and Christopher Walken, among others, before launching his own company, Independent Pictures, and creating a library of seminal films that would define a golden era of indie filmmaking.
Bronx-born Woods began his career at William Morris in LA, where he introduced audiences to directors and talent including Van Sant, Todd Solondz, Michael Lehmann, Sam Kinison, Sandra Bernhard, Sheen, Thurman and Matt Dillon. Recognized for his strong relationships with new and established filmmakers and actors, as well as a keen eye for fresh material, Woods at 27 moved to Sony under Guber and Peters. After working for Chairman Guber and Peters for Sony (the parent company of Columbia Pictures and TriStar Pictures), he segued to a production deal to produce popular features including, "So I Married An Axe Murderer," "Rudy," "Only You" and "Threesome."
In 1995 Woods successfully launched his own company, Independent Pictures, with the release of Clark's controversial indie hit "Kids." The film starring Rosario Dawson and Chloe Sevigny ushered in a new wave of independent filmmaking, and helped catalyze Harvey and Bob Weinstein's Miramax Films, for which Woods produced seven films, including, "Swingers," "Scream," "Cop Land" and "Citizen Ruth." Through Independent he also produced acclaimed films for New Line's specialty arm, Fine Line, including Harmony Korine's "Gummo."
In 2004, Woods became a founding partner, co-Chairman, and Chief Creative Officer of Plum TV, the luxury lifestyle network spanning eight markets including Aspen, the Hamptons, Miami Beach, Nantucket and Sun Valley. Plum won eight Emmy Awards with programming encompassing real estate, interior design, travel, food and wine, style, wellness, art and culture. Investors have included John Tisch, Chris Blackwell, Jimmy Buffett, Tom Freston and Jason Flom.
Woods is known for his powerful, passionate and visionary approach to creating unique films, and has crafted an exciting new slate that also includes television, digital and theatrical programming.
In 2012, Woods wrote 'The Puzzleman' for Matchboox, a story that takes place in Paris. The main character, with his dog for company, creates a daydreaming tramp private world with its beautiful creations.
Filmography.
Writer.
"The Player" (2004) TV series (creator)
"The Puzzleman" (2010) Published by MatchBoox

</doc>
<doc id="19237004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237004" title="Nuu-chah-nulth Central Region Management Board">
Nuu-chah-nulth Central Region Management Board

The Nuu-chah-nulth Central Region Management Board (CRMB) was formed in 1995 as part of the Clayoquot Interim Measures Extension Agreement. This Board essentially "consolidated" the range of lending and business development functions formerly managed by Ma-Mook Development Corporation and the Economic Working Group.
Roles and Responsibilities.
As an economic development board, the CRMB is responsible for developing and managing economic initiatives that benefit the five Central Region Nations collectively. It essentially acts as the implementer of regional economic development projects that the CRC wish to collectively put forward. 
Funding for the CRMB is provided through the IMEA Program from the provincial government. These funds are held in a bank account called the Central Region First Nations Holding Society (CRFNHS), maintained by the Chiefs.
There are no formal links between the CRMB and CRB. However, the managers of individual companies that operate under the auspices of the CRMB present information and updates to the CRB on a regular basis.
Structure.
Each Central Region Nation appoints a representative to sit on the CRMB. The Chair of the Central Region Chiefs also holds a seat on the CRMB and provides another communication link to the Chiefs. The Executive Director of the Central Region Chiefs Administration attends most meetings. As of March 2008, the CRMB representatives were:
- Co-chair, Central Region Chiefs: Carol-Anne Hilton (from Hesquiaht) * not confirmed
- Ahousaht representative: Angus Campbell
- Tla-o-qui-aht representative: Ruben Amos
- Hesquiaht representative: Cecil Sabas
- Yuu-tluth-aht representative: Larry Baird
- Toquaht representative and CRMB Chair: Gary Johnsen
The CRMB has no executive, so executive functions and daily administration (e.g., writing pay cheques) is done through the office of the Central Region Executive Director, which consists of the Executive Director, three staff and the secretariat for the CRB. As of 2008, the economic initiatives in the Clayoquot Sound Region owned by the Central Region First Nations and overseen by the CRMB include:
- Tree Farm Licence (TFL) 54 – Ma-mook/Coulson Forestry Company is a joint venture partnership established in 2007 between Ma-mook Development Corporation (51%) and Coulson Forest Products (49%). The company has a Board of Directors that includes two representatives from the CRMB and three from Coulson Forest Products. Operations are managed through Coulson Forest Products staff and offices in Port Alberni;
- TFL 57 – Iisaak Forest Resources is 100 percent owned by the five Nations. For 18 months up until July 30, 2008, Iisaak was managed, under contract, by Ecotrust Canada. Ecotrust Canada secured the assistance of Triumph Timber to support the operations side of the business. Iisaak Forest Resources has a Board of Directors composed of the same people who represent the Chiefs on the CRMB. Gary Johnsen is currently the Board Chair of Iisaak.
- Eco-Industrial Park is a commercial subdivision with plans for a mobile home park development to be owned and operated by the Central Region.
Commercial property on Main Street, Tofino
Administration.
The Central Region Management Board is not currently supported by its own administration. It receives support from the Central Region Chiefs Executive Director (Jackie Godfrey), the Director of Economic Development (Dave Jacobsen), the Central Region accountant (Pearl Touchie) as well as the Central Region secretary (Noreen Frank). 
References.
Ecotrust Canada. Sharmalene Mendis-Millard, "Central Region Management Board," in Daniel Arbour, Brenda Kuecks & Danielle Edwards (editors). " Nuu-chah-nulth Central Region First Nations Governance Structures 2007/2008", Vancouver, September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19237006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237006" title="Josef Winkler (writer)">
Josef Winkler (writer)

Josef Winkler (born 3 March 1953) is an Austrian writer.
Biography.
Winkler was born in Kamering near Paternion in Kärnten. He lived during his childhood in Kärnten, where he went to school, and then to school in Villach. His works often have a Roman Catholic setting. Homosexuality is a central topic in his books. Winkler is married and has a son and a daughter. He lives with his family in Klagenfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="19237018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237018" title="Helen Gardner (actress)">
Helen Gardner (actress)

Helen Louise Gardner (September 2, 1884 – November 20, 1968) was an American stage and film actress, screenwriter, producer, editor and costume designer.
Career.
Gardner was born in Binghamton, New York. An alumna of the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, Gardner began her acting career as a stage actress. She became a Vitagraph Studios player in 1910 and earned critical acclaim for portraying Becky Sharp in the film version of the novel "Vanity Fair". In 1912, she became the first film actor, male or female, to form her own production company, the "Helen Gardner Picture Players" in Tappan, New York with capital provided by her mother. Hiring her lover Charles L. Gaskill as a director and scenarist, she produced eleven feature films before closing her studio in 1914. She was known for her portrayals of strong female characters. Her first production was "Cleopatra" (1912) which was one of the first American full-length films. The film was re-edited and re-released after Fox released the 1917 adaptation starring Theda Bara. Gardner was considered the screen's first vamp and predated Theda Bara, Valeska Suratt and Louise Glaum in roles of this type.
In 1915, she returned to Vitagraph briefly before signing with Universal. By this time, her popularity began to wane and she retired from acting in 1924.
Personal life.
Before Gardner embarked on an acting career, she married socially prominent businessman Duncan Clarkson Pell, Sr., on October 16, 1902, in West Haven, Connecticut. The marriage took place shortly after Gardner's 18th birthday and one week after Pell's divorce from his first wife, Anna. Duncan and Anna Pell's divorce was covered in the gossip columns of "The New York Times". The couple had one child. Gardner left Pell in 1906 to continue her acting career but they never divorced. They remained married until Pell's death in 1964.
Some sources state that Gardner married for a second time to Charles Gaskill, the director of many of her films. Gardner's granddaughter and biographer, Dorin Gardner Schumacher, states that this is incorrect and that Gardner never divorced Duncan C. Pell, Sr.
Later years and death.
In the 1950s, Gardner returned to Orlando, Florida where she had previously lived with her estranged husband. Gardner died in Orlando on November 20, 1968 at the age of 84. 

</doc>
<doc id="19237047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237047" title="George S. J. Faber">
George S. J. Faber

George Faber is a British television producer. He is founder and joint managing director of Company Pictures, one of the UK's largest independent drama production companies, twice winner of Best Independent Production Company at the Broadcast Awards and also winner of Best European Production Company at the Monte Carlo TV Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19237066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237066" title="Thomas Graham Brown">
Thomas Graham Brown

Thomas Graham Brown FRS (1882–1965) (usually known as T. Graham Brown) was a Scottish mountaineer and physiologist.
Life and family.
Graham Brown was born in Edinburgh 1882; his father – Dr J. J. Graham Brown – was a President of the Royal College of Physicians in Edinburgh. T. Graham Brown read science and medicine at the University of Edinburgh in the city before moving to Glasgow and then Liverpool. He served in the Royal Army Medical Corps during World War I; after the war he continued his work on the physiology of the nervous system, particularly reflex movements and posture, and in 1924 he accepted the Chair in Physiology at the University of Wales at Cardiff. In 1927 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society. 
Alpinism.
The east or Brenva face of Mont Blanc was the scene of his most famous first ascents, his three new routes – the Sentinelle Rouge, Route Major and the Pear Buttress – constituting "the most important new routes made by British climbers in the Alps in the inter-war years." In an article in the "Alpine Journal", Graham Brown wrote 
He climbed the first of these routes, the Sentinelle Rouge, with Frank Smythe on 1–2 September 1927. Smythe also accompanied him on the first ascent of Route Major on 6–7 August 1928. According to Claire Engel, "both expeditions were among the most notable of the century". The third route – the Pear Buttress – ascended the large rock buttress on the left of the face, and was made by Graham Brown, together with Alexander Graven and Alfred Aufdenblatten, on 5 August 1933.
Graham Brown was the editor of the "Alpine Journal" from 1949 to 1953.
In 1935, Graham Brown made the first ascent of Alaska's 5304 m Mount Foraker in company with Charles Houston and Chychele Waterston.
In 1936, Graham Brown was part of the joint British–American team that made the first ascent of Nanda Devi in the Indian Himalaya, though only two of the party, Bill Tilman and Noel Odell, made the summit.
Bequests.
Graham Brown bequeathed his collection of alpine and mountaineering literature, consisting of some 20,000 items, to the National Library of Scotland. He left his house for the use of the Edinburgh University Mountaineering Club. Though the original house has been sold, a flat now bears the name 'Graham Brown House' and is still used by the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19237097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237097" title="World's Greatest Athlete">
World's Greatest Athlete

World's Greatest Athlete is the title generally given to the Olympic decathlon champion.
The tradition of "World's Greatest Athlete" began when King Gustav V of Sweden told Jim Thorpe, "You, sir, are the World's Greatest Athlete", after Thorpe won the decathlon at the Stockholm Olympics in 1912. The current holder of the title is American Ashton Eaton, the gold medal winner of the event at the 2012 London Olympics, who took the title from Beijing Olympics champion Bryan Clay.
See also.
"The World's Greatest Athlete," a 1973 Disney film about a decathlete

</doc>
<doc id="19237115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237115" title="Shaduppum">
Shaduppum

Shaduppum (modern Tell Harmal) is an archaeological site in Baghdad Governorate (Iraq). Nowadays, it lies within the borders of modern Baghdad.
History of archaeological research.
The site was excavated by Iraqi archaeologist Taha Baqir of the Department of Antiquities and Heritage from 1945 to 1963, discovering about 2000 tablets. In 1997 and 1998, the site was worked by a team from Baghdad University and the German Archaeological Institute led by Peter Miglus and Laith Hussein. Many other illegally excavated tablets have found their way into various institutions.
Occupation history.
Not much is known outside the Old Babylonian times, though clearly the location was occupied from at least the Akkadian period through the Old Babylonian period, when it was part of the kingdom of Eshnunna in the Diyala River area. It was an administrative center for the kingdom and its name means "the treasury."
The site featured a large trapezoidal wall and a temple to the goddess Nisaba and the god Khani. Among the tablets from Tell Harmal are two of the epic of Gilgamesh and two with parts of the Laws of Eshnunna as well as some important mathematical tablets.

</doc>
<doc id="19237133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237133" title="English unjust enrichment law">
English unjust enrichment law

English unjust enrichment law is a developing area of law in unjust enrichment. Traditionally, work on unjust enrichment has been dealt with under the title of "restitution". Restitution is a gain-based remedy, the opposite of compensation, as a loss-based remedy. But the event it responds to is the "unjust enrichment" of one person at the expense of another.
Framework of claim.
A core example (whatever the theoretical analysis) is a mistaken payment. Imagine I purchase a book off you for £10, but I mistakenly give you a £20 note. If you took the money knowing that it was £10 too much, then you will be liable for the £10 in conversion (since money passes in currency only when paid 'fairly and honestly upon a valuable and bona fide consideration'). But what if that's not the case? Unjust enrichment, and the duty to reverse unjust enrichment, operates regardless of awareness. You are strictly liable to reverse it. 
However, unlike in conversion, there is always a "change of position" defence available. If you (unaware that you now have £10 too much in your wallet) go and consume £10 worth of chocolate, which you would not have done had you not had that extra £10, your position has changed. If I were to demand my £10 back, you could legitimately say, "but then I would be worse off, and that is unfair". This is the change of position defence.
Unjust(ified) factors.
Other than mistakes, a variety of categories of "unjust factors" are said to generate unjust enrichment situations. Undue influence, duress, incapacity and illegality are examples of vitiating factors in contract. Contract law's analysis has been used to explain why courts do not uphold contracts in these situations. These are cases of unjust enrichment. The following eleven categories are examples of "unjust factor" (or what Peter Birks argued could be unified under one principle of a basis of a right being absent) which may ground a claim of restitution for unjust enrichment.
Defective consent.
Legal compulsion.
Compulsory discharge of another's liability can happen (1) to recover one's goods, or (2) if someone falls under a common liability for another.
Tracing and proprietary restitution.
Following
Tracing
Mixing two claimants' money or money mixed with an innocent claimant
Backwards tracing
M Conaglen ‘Difficulties with Tracing Backwards’ (2011) 127 LQR 432
Swollen assets theory
Defences.
Bona Fide Purchaser.
It means that good value is given for receipt of assets without notice of breach of trust. It is a complete defence to any knowing receipt claim.
Agency.
Another available defence is ministerial receipt, i.e. the recipient defendant receives the assets as agent for another.
Foreign comparisons.
Unjust enrichment is a developed and coherent field in continental civil law systems. Continental lawyers say someone is unjustly enriched when there is no basis for their possession or title to some right or property. A more correct way of saying it is that someone has been "unjustifiedly enriched". In German, the term is "Ungerechtfertigte Bereicherung" (§812 BGB) and in France the term is "Enrichissement sans cause". English lawyers, however, have been accustomed to identify an "unjust factor". The difference between "unjust factors" and "absence of basis" as a unifying principle has generated a lot of debate, particularly since Peter Birks changed his mind in his second edition of "Unjust Enrichment" (2005) in the Clarendon Law Series, and argued that the continentals had got it right.
The two leading theorists that have revived unjust enrichment were Lord Goff, who produced "Goff and Jones on Restitution" and Professor Peter Birks.

</doc>
<doc id="19237150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237150" title="Dorothy Ann Purser">
Dorothy Ann Purser

Dorothy Ann Purser is a screenwriter who was born in Hammond, Louisiana. Purser is best known for her work on the television series "Days of our Lives" as the head writer and co-writer, and on the television series "Guiding Light" as head writer. She has been nominated for seven awards, and has received two including a Daytime Emmy.
Works.
During the 1950s, Purser wrote episodes for the television series "Guiding Light". She served as both the head writer and co-writer for the television series "Days of our Lives" during the 1960s, receiving several Daytime Emmy nominations and two awards for episodes she wrote. She also wrote for the series "One Life to Live".
Awards and recognition.
As a television writer, Purser won two major awards and was nominated for seven others. The first of her two major awards came in the form of a 1993 Daytime Emmy for "Outstanding Drama Series Writing Team" for a 1952 episode of "The Guiding Light". Purser also received a 2000 WGA Award in the category of "Daytime Serials" for a 1965 episode of "Days of our Lives", which she helped to write. She was unsuccessfully nominated for six Daytime Emmys for "Outstanding Drama Series Writing Team": a 1990 nomination of a 1968 episode of "One Life to Live", a 1992 nomination for an episode of "The Guiding Light", and nominations in the years 1994, 1997, 1998, and 1999 "Days of our Lives" episodes from the 1965 season. Purser was also nominated for the 2002 WGA Award for a 1965 episode of "Days of our Lives".
Positions Held.
"Another World"
"Days of our Lives"
"Guiding Light"
"One Life to Live"
"The Doctors"
"Ryan's Hope"
"As the World Turns"

</doc>
<doc id="19237176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237176" title="Təzəkənd, Ismailli">
Təzəkənd, Ismailli

Təzəkənd is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,520. 

</doc>
<doc id="19237196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237196" title="Nuu-chah-nulth Economic Development Corporation">
Nuu-chah-nulth Economic Development Corporation

The Nuu-chah-nulth Economic Development Corporation (NEDC) was incorporated in 1984 under the Canada Corporations Act as a not-for-profit organization. Although it is not tied directly to the NTC, it was formed to help the Nuu-chah-nulth people achieve economic and social independence by providing financial assistance and advisory services (NEDC, 2008a). NEDC manages a number of funding programs aimed at enhancing economic development in the region.
Roles and Responsibilities.
The NEDC is an aboriginal corporation dealing with financial and business development services. It plays a major role in helping Nuu-chah-nulth communities by seizing all existing and emerging opportunities and building on the new economy. It encourages rural economic development and entrepreneurship through services available to all Aboriginal people living and operating in the Nuu-chah-nulth Territory (NEDC, 2008a). 
NEDC is owned by the Nuu-chah-nulth First Nations who provide the direction and sets priorities for the NEDC. Within Nuu-chah-nulth territories services are offered more broadly to all Nuu-chah-nulth, Aboriginal and Métis peoples  — free of charge. Some programs are offered throughout Vancouver Island and on the Mainland. If a Nuu-chah-nulth person needs services outside of the province, NEDC will put that person into contact with the organisation that provides similar services in that locality.
Federal and provincial economic development programs are provided through this corporation. Contribution programs include:
- Commercial financing
- Business support (e.g., business planning)
- One-on-one business counselling
- Business workshops and conferences
NEDC partners with several organizations to deliver the best funding package to their clients. Some programs are run in cooperation with Aboriginal Business Canada (ABC) and can be found on the ABC website (www.ainc-inac.gc.ca/ps/abc/index-eng.asp) or from the links on the NEDC website through the NEDC Business Equity Program webpage (www.nedc.info/bep.php). Some of NEDC's other partners include Western Economic Diversification, the Nuu-chah-nulth Tribal Council, Business Development Bank of Canada, and the New Relationship Trust.
Due to the increasing number of successful First Nations business that have arisen over the past few years, the NEDC has compiled a business directory to help people find enterprises that match their inquiries. It also serves as a great tool to inspire other First Nations people to become entrepreneurs and the NEDC is there to help. 
The directory is organized by business category and contains contact information for all of the Nuu-chah-nulth First Nation Bands. This can be a valuable, online tool for those exploring NEDC opportunities with and within Nuu-chah-nulth First Nations.
Administration.
The Board of Directors for NEDC represents the 14 member Tribes of the Nuu-chah-nulth Tribal Council (NTC), 5 members-at-large and an appointee from the NTC.

</doc>
<doc id="19237198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237198" title="Frederick Erdmann, Prince of Anhalt-Pless">
Frederick Erdmann, Prince of Anhalt-Pless

Frederick Erdmann of Anhalt-Pless (Köthen, 27 October 1731 – Pless, 12 December 1797) was a German prince from the Anhalt-Köthen branch of the House of Ascania, and the first ruler of the Principality of Anhalt-Pless.
Life.
As the youngest surviving son of Augustus Louis, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, by his second wife, Christine Johanna Emilie, daughter of Count Erdmann II of Promnitz-Pless, Frederick Erdmann's prospects of inheriting or ruling jointly over Köthen were dim at birth. His situation changed in 1765, after the death of his infant cousin Count William of Promnitz, heir apparent of Pless, left his uncle Johann Erdmann, Count of Promnitz-Pless, without any heirs male; the child's uncle then decided to give Frederick Erdmann the county as an anticipated inheritance. The lordships of Jannowitz, Peterswaldau and Kreppelhof, however, Johann Erdmann gave to his great-nephew Christian Frederick of Stolberg-Wernigerode (nephew and, later, brother-in-law of Frederick Erdmann).
After receiving this inheritance, Frederick Erdmann moved to Pless and assumed the title "Prince of Anhalt-Pless" (sometimes "of Anhalt-"Köthen"-Pless").
Marriage and issue.
In Wernigerode on 13 June 1766, Frederick Erdmann was married to his niece, Louise Ferdinande (Wernigerode, 30 September 1744 – Pless, 3 February 1784), daughter of Henry Ernest of Stolberg-Wernigerode and his wife, Christiane Anna Agnes of Anhalt-Köthen, Frederick Erdmann's older sister. They had nine children:

</doc>
<doc id="19237255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237255" title="Nuu-chah-nulth Employment and Training Program">
Nuu-chah-nulth Employment and Training Program

The Nuu-Chah-Nulth Employment and Training Program (NETP) is a program that seeks to help all aboriginal people with education and training. The overall mission of the NETP is to increase the quality of life, self-reliance and economic prosperity of aboriginal people and organizations within the Nuu-chah-nulth Tribal Council region by supporting and empowering career and employment aspirations (NETP 2008b).
The NETP is associated with the Aboriginal Human Resources Development Strategy (AHRDS) through the British Columbia Aboriginal Human Resource Society (BCAHRS), a provincial organization that aims to develop strategies to help all First Nations people achieve their employment and career goals (BCAHRDS, 2008a). The NETP covers the West Coast area from Ditidaht First Nation in the south and First Nation communities in Port Alberni in the east to the Ka:’yu:’k’t’h’/ Che:k’tles7et’h’ First Nation in the north.
Administration.
NETP’s connections with larger organizations and their resources, such as North Island/ Nuu-chah-nulth Tribal Council Aboriginal Management Society (NINTCAMS) and the BCAHRDS, provide it with a much larger field of expertise and administrative capacity. NINTCAMS funds the NETP as one of ten Aboriginal Human Resources Development Societies in British Columbia and one of seven represented by the BCAHRDS (BCAHRDS, 2008b). These societies are organized and funded through federal programs administered as Human Resources Development Agreements (AHRDAs). AHRDAs are created to deliver labour market programming across Canada that is consistent with the Aboriginal Human Resources Development Strategy (AHRDS) (Service Canada, 2008). NETP programs and services include the following:
- Adult Basic Education 
- Employment Counselling 
- A-‘m’aa-sip (Structure of Intellect or SOI profiling and remedial solutions)
- Kuutiis (employability and skills training)
- BladeRunners (entry-level construction training and job-placement)
- Financial Assistance for Trades Training
Staff include an employment counsellor, coordinator, job coach, SOI education specialist, SOI facilitator and program advisor.
Sources.
Ecotrust Canada. Sharmalene Mendis-Millard, "Central Region Governance" in Daniel Arbour, Brenda Kuecks & Danielle Edwards (editors). " Nuu-chah-nulth Central Region First Nations Governance Structures 2007/2008", Vancouver, September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19237286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237286" title="Dangerous Curves">
Dangerous Curves

Dangerous Curves may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19237296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237296" title="Hudson City School District (New York)">
Hudson City School District (New York)

Hudson City School District is a school district in Hudson, New York, U.S.A. 
It operates the following schools:

</doc>
<doc id="19237308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237308" title="Uu-a-thluk">
Uu-a-thluk

Uu-a-thluk means "taking care of" in the Nuu-chah-nulth language spoken on the west coast of Vancouver Island and is the Nuu-chah-nulth aquatic management organization. This organization was established with financial support from the federal government in recognition of the need to manage aquatic resources wisely together with the many sectors and interests working in the area. The philosophy that drives the organization is the idea that working cooperatively with other governments, communities and individuals is required to achieve sustainable and fruitful management (Uu-a-thluk, 2008a).
Structure.
Uu-a-thluk’ members are from the fourteen member Nations of the NTC as well as the Pacheedaht Nation in the southern part of the Nuu-chah-nulth territory (Uu-a-thluk, 2008a).
Uu-a-thluk consists of (Uu-a-thluk, 2008c): The Council of Ha’wiih, which includes the following First Nations: Ka:’yu:’k’t’h’/Che:k’tles7et’h’, Nuchatlaht, Ehattesaht, Mowachaht/Muchahtlaht, Hesquiaht, Ahousaht, Tla-o-qui-aht, Ucluelet, Toquaht, Uchucklesaht, Tseshaht, Hupacasath, 
Huu-ay-aht, Ditidaht and Pacheedaht.
Roles and responsibilities.
Uu-a-thluk publishes a quarterly newsletter that has information about projects, people and opportunities related to aquatic resource use in the region. It is available at http://uuathluk.ca/communication.htm or by email subscription (Uu-a-thluk, 2008b).
Administration.
The Uu-a-thluk administration includes a Joint Technical Working Group and a Secretariat: The Joint Technical Working Group was set up to allow a forum for First Nations and government, represented by the Department of Fisheries and Oceans (DFO), to work together to solve problems and allow communities to take advantage of conservation and economic opportunities. The Secretariat, which performs core administrative functions, includes biologists, managers, outreach, capacity development, fundraising and economic development. This body conducts the work of the organization under the direction of the council of Ha’wiih.
Sources.
Ecotrust Canada. Sharmalene Mendis-Millard "Central Region Governance," in Daniel Arbour, Brenda Kuecks & Danielle Edwards (editors). " Nuu-chah-nulth Central Region First Nations Governance Structures 2007/2008", Vancouver, September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19237311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237311" title="Alexios Apokaukos">
Alexios Apokaukos

Alexios Apokaukos (; died 1345) was a leading Byzantine statesman and high-ranking military officer ("megas doux") during the reigns of emperors Andronikos III Palaiologos (r. 1328–1341) and John V Palaiologos (r. 1341–1357). Although he owed his rise to high state offices to the patronage of John VI Kantakouzenos (r. 1347–1354), he became, together with Patriarch John XIV Kalekas, one of the leaders of the faction supporting Emperor John V in the civil war of 1341–1347 against his one-time benefactor. Apokaukos died when he was lynched by political prisoners during an inspection of a new prison.
Biography.
Early life.
Alexios was of humble origin, and was born in the late 13th century somewhere in Bithynia. He nevertheless studied under the scholar Theodore Hyrtakenos, and became a tax official. By 1320 he was director of the salt pans, from which he later he advanced to the position of "domestikos" of the themes of the West. He rose in the bureaucratic hierarchy until, in 1321, he was appointed the imperial "parakoimōmenos" (chamberlain). His position made him useful to John Kantakouzenos, who included him in a conspiracy, together with Syrgiannes Palaiologos and the "prōtostratōr" Theodore Synadenos, which aimed to depose the aging Emperor Andronikos II Palaiologos in favour of his grandson Andronikos III. Under the threat of war, the Emperor surrendered Thrace and some districts in Macedonia to the rule of his grandson. When Andronikos III became sole emperor in 1328, his close friend Kantakouzenos became his chief minister, and Alexios was awarded with the positions that Kantakouzenos himself had formerly held: head of the imperial secretariat ("mesazōn") and in charge of the state's finances. These positions allowed him to amass a considerable personal fortune, which he used to construct a personal refuge, a fortified tower-house at the site of Epibatai near Selymbria, at the coast of the Sea of Marmara. In early 1341, shortly before Andronikos's death, he was rewarded with the high office of "megas doux", giving him the high command over the Byzantine navy. He re-equipped the fleet, paying from his own pocket 100,000 "hyperpyra".
Civil war.
Upon Andronikos's death, two factions emerged at court: the supporters of Kantakouzenos, chiefly provincial magnates from Macedonia and Thrace, and those opposed to him, led mainly by the Patriarch John XIV Kalekas, who obtained the support of Andronikos's widow, Anna of Savoy. Kantakouzenos did not claim the throne for himself, but demanded the regency, based on his close association with the deceased emperor, and with the support of the capital's troops secured it. His position, however, was weakened by the adherence of Apokaukos to the Patriarch's camp; Kantakouzenos, in his own account, relates that Apokaukos had urged him to seize the throne in hopes of his own advancement, and when he refused, the powerful chancellor switched over to his opponents' camp. As soon as Kantakouzenos left Constantinople in July 1341 to campaign against the Empire's enemies who were assaulting it, Apokaukos made his first moves. Although as commander of the fleet it was his duty to guard the Dardanelles against any attempt by Turks to cross into Europe, he deliberately allowed this to happen in order to cause disruption in Thrace. Apokaukos also tried to kidnap the young John V, but failed and was forced to flee to his house at Epibatai. However, when Kantakouzenos returned victorious to the capital, instead of depriving Apokaukos of his offices, and against the counsel of his friends, he pardoned his protégé. Apokaukos put on an exaggerated display of deference to Kantakouzenos, who allowed him to resume his offices and return to Constantinople, while Kantakouzenos left on yet another campaign.
Once back in the city, however, the Patriarch and Apokaukos seized power. Kantakouzenos's family and friends were imprisoned (Kantakouzenos's mother Theodora would eventually die in prison), the Patriarch was declared regent, while Anna named Apokaukos as urban prefect ("eparchos") of Constantinople.
Kantakouzenos responded by having himself declared emperor at Didymoteicho in October 1341, while his opponents followed with the coronation of John V in November. The two coronations finalized the split, and ushered in a civil war that would embroil the Byzantine Empire and all of its neighbours until 1347 with Kantakouzenos's victory. In its course, it would devastate the remaining imperial possessions, and create a deep rift in Byzantine society: the aristocracy and the propertied classes generally supported Kantakouzenos, while the lower and middle classes, primarily urban, as well as the merchants and sailors, supported Apokaukos and the regency. This gave the dynastic dispute and civil war strong social overtones: during the war, the excessive wealth and perceived indifference of Kantakouzenos and the aristocracy towards the common people became a standard fixture of Apokaukos's propaganda. In addition, the conflict acquired religious significance as well: the Hesychast controversy divided the pious Byzantines, and, despite some important exceptions, the supporters of Hesychasm also supported Kantakouzenos. 
A few days after Kantakouzenos's coronation, the inhabitants of Adrianople rebelled against the aristocracy and declared themselves for the regency, with Apokaukos sending his younger son Manuel to become the city's governor. In a similar development in 1342, Thessalonica, the Empire's second-largest city, was seized by a group known as the "Zealots". Their anti-aristocratic beliefs made them enemies of "Kantakouzenism", and earned them the support of the regency. Apokaukos himself arrived with a fleet of 70 ships to aid them, and appointed his elder son John Apokaukos as the city's governor, although the latter's authority would remain only nominal.
In the first years of the war, the tide was in favour of the regency, until, in the summer of 1342, Kantakouzenos was forced to flee to the court of Stefan Dušan of Serbia. However, from 1343 onwards, with the aid of his friend, Umur Beg of Aydin, Kantakouzenos began to reverse the situation. With the initial support of Stefan Dušan, Kantakouzenos regained much of Macedonia, and despite his failure to take Thessalonica, his Turkish allies enabled him to return to his old stronghold of Didymoteicho in Thrace. Gradually, Apokaukos's supporters abandoned him, including his son Manuel, who deserted his post at Adrianople and went over to the Kantakouzenos camp. 
In early 1345, Apokaukos and Kalekas rejected offers of reconciliation conveyed by two Franciscan monks. Trying to bolster his waning power, Apokaukos began a series of proscriptions in the capital, and even ordered a new prison constructed for political prisoners. On 11 June 1345, Apokaukos suddenly decided to inspect the new prison, without being escorted by his bodyguard. The prisoners immediately rose up and lynched him, and his head was severed and stuck on a pole. The prisoners believed that by getting rid of the hated Apokaukos, they would be rewarded by the Empress Anna. She, however, was so shocked and dismayed at the loss of her principal minister, that she gave Apokaukos's supporters, who were joined by the "Gasmouloi", the fleet's marines, free rein to avenge their leader's death. As a result, all prisoners, some 200 in total, were massacred, even though some attempted to seek refuge in a nearby monastery. Although the death of Apokaukos did not bring about the immediate collapse of the regency, it removed the main instigator of the civil war and one of its chief protagonists, and resulted in dissension and defections in the regency's camp. As such, it marked the beginning of the war's end, which would come with Kantakouzenos's entry into Constantinople on 3 February 1347.
Family.
Alexios Apokaukos had two brothers, John and Nikephoros, of whom very little is known. Alexios himself married twice. His first wife was the daughter of a priest of the Hagia Sophia called Dishypatos, and the second, whom he married sometime around 1341, the cousin of the "megas stratopedarchēs" Georgios Choumnos. His first marriage produced three children and his second two:
One of his sons married a daughter of John Vatatzes.
Assessment.
As a self-made "new man", Apokaukos was distrusted by the hereditary aristocrats who dominated the imperial government. The only accounts of the period of the civil war, Kantakouzenos's memoirs and the history of Nikephoros Gregoras, with their pro-aristocracy bias, paint a very negative picture of the man, which has been adopted virtually unaltered by most modern historians as well. In a dissenting view, the historian Eva de Vries-Van der Velden believes that the image of Apokaukos as the ungrateful protégé of Kantakouzenos and an inveterate schemer who was responsible for the outbreak of the civil war is inaccurate, and largely the result of distorting propaganda by Kantakouzenos and Gregoras. However, she acknowledges Apokaukos as Kantakouzenos's "most redoubtable adversary" during the war, and the dictatorial nature of his regime after 1343. According to the historian Angeliki Laiou, Apokaukos can also be seen as the exponent of a radical change in the nature and direction of the Byzantine state: in place of the old, agricultural empire, run by a land-based aristocracy, he seems to have favored a commercial, maritime and likely westward-looking state, in emulation of the Italian maritime republics.

</doc>
