<doc id="19264664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264664" title="Gustaf Håkansson">
Gustaf Håkansson

Nils Gustaf Håkansson, (October 15, 1885 in Helsingborg stadsförsamling – June 9, 1987 in Ekerö, Stockholm), became famous as the Stålfarfar ("Super/Steel Grandpa") after cycling the Sverigeloppet, a race covering the length of Sweden, at 66 years of age.
Life.
Håkansson was a resident of Gantofta in Helsingborg, where he drove a bus, while his wife Maria had a café. He was known as a "krutgubbe" (lit. "gunpowder-hubby", a physically unstoppable /elder/ man) after early cycling feats, such as in 1927 when, at 42 years of age, he conquered the northern Swedish mountains by bicycle.
In 1951, at 66 years of age, Håkansson rode his bicycle emulating the so-called Sverigeloppet from Haparanda to Ystad. Because of his advanced age the organizers had refused him to participate - the maximum age was 40 years - but he still started from Haparanda, formally not among the contestants but starting one minute after the last of them had set off and wearing a shirt on which he had written a big zero as his 'runner number'. The Tour was run in stages, and while the contestants slept, Håkansson would pedal up to three days without sleeping. During the contest, he was presented as "Stålfarfar", a name that had followed him since the late 1940s. He had a big beard that made him look extra old, and the organizers were afraid people would laugh at the race participants. Many newspapers were covering his story, and he became famous as the nation followed his journey through the country.
During a few hours off in Söderhamn the police asked him to take a medical exam, which showed that Hakansson was in good health. After 6 days, 14 hours and 20 minutes, he arrived in Ystad - 24 hours before the contestants. There was a parade with a marching band, fire brigades and Håkansson seated on the shoulders of younger men. The next day he had an audience with King Gustaf VI Adolf of Sweden. Håkansson was subsequently paid to appear in ads, and he toured a long time in the country's folkparker and old people's homes with their spiritual songs. He made a record at Liseberg, and became known as "the world's oldest recording artist" at the time.
In 1959 Håkansson rode his bicycle to Jerusalem to visit the holy sites. His last cycling trips were made after he reached the age of 100 years. He was almost 102 years old at the time of his death and his wife Maria, who died a year before Hakansson, almost 105. The couple are buried in Kvistofta cemetery along with an early, continue son. Kvistofta is located just east of E6/E20 between Helsingborg and Landskrona and can be accessed via the exit to Glumslöv, Rydebäck and Vallåkra.
At Johannamuseet in Skurup, Scania there is a permanent exhibition about "Stålfarfar."

</doc>
<doc id="19264673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264673" title="List of stars in NGC 7686">
List of stars in NGC 7686

This is a list of stars in the "NGC 7686" star cluster, an open cluster in the constellation Andromeda.

</doc>
<doc id="19264686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264686" title="Masreliez">
Masreliez

Masreliez is a family of artists of French origin.
Some members of the Masreliez family traveled to Sweden in the 18th century, called to Sweden by King Gustaf III to decorate his castles during the golden age of Sweden-France relations. The first member of the family to go, Jacques Adrien Masreliez (1717-1806) from Grenoble, traveled to Sweden in 1748 to decorate the chapel of the royal castle; the library of Louise Ulrique at Drottningholm, where the Swedish royal family lives today; the king's bedroom at Gripsholm; and the organs of the Uppsala Cathedral. He also introduced the French Rococo style to Sweden. Both of Jacques' sons Louis Adrien (1748-1806) and Jean Baptiste Edoard Barbe (1753-1801) continued the tradition.
Masreliez, family, descended from the castle sculptor Jacques Adrien Masreliez, which is reported to have been born in Grenoble. He was the father of prophets are Louis Adrien Masreliez and Jean Baptiste Edouard Barbe Masreliez. The latter's son merchant Edward Adrian Masreliez (1797 - 1857) was the father of Protocol Secretary Wilhelm August Masreliez (1834–90).
The son of the latter was Gustaf Wilhelm Masreliez (1880-1964), who was promoted to the Court of Appeal Judge of Appeal in 1916. Gustaf Masreliez became auditing secretary in 1919 and was Director General of the Bureau of Prisons 1927-36. He was Sheriff in Sollentuna and Färentuna, Stokholm 1936-47 and member of Sthlms City Council 1921-38. Gustaf Masreliez's son, interior designer and art dealer Erik Gustaf Masreliez (1912–66) (Father of Peter Erik Gustav Masreliez and Grand Father of Jonas Peter Erik Masreliez) and the Head of En employer association's expert unit for medical and occupational hygiene issues. Also Chief Physician at Telefon AB Ericsson. Nils Masreliez (f 1916).
Gustaf Masreliez was the brother of the alderman in Stockholm Karl William M (1875-1937). Karl M was in turn the father of former alderman in Stockholm Gosta M (f 1909). A cousin of Karl Gustaf and M was the father of Curt Jean Louis Edward M (1919–79). Curt M was in 1939 an actor at various theaters in Helsingborg, Stockholm, Uppsala and Gothenburg and participated from 1942 in a variety of films. In recent years, he was best known by TV Theatre. Cousin of him was Commercial Lennart M (f 1918).
A few other notable members of the family are:

</doc>
<doc id="19264692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264692" title="Court of King's Bench (England)">
Court of King's Bench (England)

The Court of King's Bench (or Court of Queen's Bench during the reign of a female monarch), formally known as The Court of the King Before the King Himself, was an English court of common law in the English legal system. Created in the late 12th to early 13th century from the "curia regis", initially following the monarch on his travels, the King's Bench finally joined the Court of Common Pleas and Exchequer of Pleas in Westminster Hall in 1318, making its last travels in 1421. As one of the two principal common law courts along with the Common Pleas, the King's Bench's jurisdiction and caseload was significantly challenged by the rise of the Court of Chancery and equitable doctrines in the 15th and 16th centuries. To recover, the King's Bench undertook a scheme of revolutionary reform, creating less expensive, faster and more versatile types of pleading in the form of bills as opposed to the more traditional writs. Although not immediately stemming the tide, in the long term it helped the King's Bench not only recover but increase its workload. While there was a steep decline in business from 1460 to 1540, as the new reforms began to take effect the King's Bench's business was significantly boosted; between 1560 and 1640, it rose tenfold.
While good for the King's Bench, the Common Pleas became suspicious of the new developments, as legal fictions such as the Bill of Middlesex damaged its own business. Fighting against the King's Bench in a reactionary and increasingly conservative way, an equilibrium was eventually reached in the 17th century. Reaching an acceptable medium with the Common Pleas and Exchequer of Pleas proved to be the downfall of all three courts; with several courts of near-identical jurisdiction, there was little need for separate bodies, and the superior courts of Westminster were merged by the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873 into a single High Court of Justice. The King's Bench thus ceased to exist, except as the King's Bench (now Queen's Bench) Division of the High Court.
During its existence the King's Bench's jurisdiction initially covered a wide range of criminal matters, something significantly reduced later on, along with any business not claimed by the other courts, and any cases which concerned the monarch. It also acted as a court of appeal for the Exchequer of Pleas and Common Pleas, although it was not a court of last resort and required Parliament to sign off on its decisions. The creation of the Court of Exchequer Chamber in 1585 created a court from which King's Bench decisions could be appealed to, and with the expansion of the Exchequer Chamber's jurisdiction in 1830 the King's Bench ceased to be an appellate court. Thanks to the Bill of Westminster and other legal fictions, the King's Bench gained much of the Common Pleas's jurisdiction, although the Common Pleas remained the sole place where real property claims could be brought. The King's Bench was staffed by one Chief Justice, now the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales, and a variable number of puisne justices; normally three, there were five serving when the King's Bench was dissolved. Those who chose not to retire became Justices of the High Court on the King's Bench's dissolution.
History.
Origins.
Originally, the sole "court" was the "curia regis", one of the three central administrative bodies along with the Exchequer and Chancery, from which the Court of Chancery formed. This "curia" was the King's court, composed of those advisers and courtiers who followed the King as he travelled around the country. This was not a dedicated court of law, instead a descendant of the "witenagemot". In concert with the "curia regis", eyre circuits staffed by itinerant judges dispensed justice throughout the country, operating on fixed paths at certain times. These judges were also members of the "curia", and would hear cases on the King's behalf in the "lesser "curia regis"". Because the "curia" travelled with the King, it caused problems with the dispensation of justice; if the King went out of the country, or as Richard I did spent much of his career there, the "curia" followed. To remedy this a central "bench" was established, with the Court of Common Pleas, initially split from the Exchequer of Pleas, receiving official recognition in Magna Carta so that common pleas could be heard in "some fixed place". There were thus two common law courts; the "curia", which followed the King, and the Common Pleas, which sat in Westminster Hall. The "curia" eventually became known as the King's Bench, with the King himself required for the court to sit.
There is some controversy over whether the original fixed court was the Common Pleas or King's Bench. In 1178, a chronicler recorded that when Henry II: 
This was originally interpreted as the foundation of the King's Bench, with the Court of Common Pleas not coming into existence until the signing of the Magna Carta. The later theory was that Henry II's decree created the Court of Common Pleas, not the King's Bench, and that the King's Bench instead split from the Common Pleas at some later time. The first records of an independent King's Bench come from 1234, when distinct plea rolls are found for each court. Modern academics give 1234 as the founding date for the King's Bench as a fully independent tribunal, considering it part of the law reform which took place from 1232 to 1234. Under Edward I, the presence of the King in the court became more and more irregular, and by 1318 the court sat independent of the monarch. Its last travels around the country were in 1414 to Leicestershire, Staffordshire and Shropshire, and a visit to Northamptonshire in 1421. From then onwards, the King's Bench became a fixed court rather than one that followed the King. Like the Common Pleas, the King's Bench sat in Westminster Hall until its dissolution.
Reform.
During the 15th century, the traditional superiority of the common law courts was challenged by ecclesiastical courts and the equitable jurisdiction of the Lord Chancellor, exercised through the Court of Chancery. These courts were more attractive to the common lawyers because of their informality and the simple method used to arrest defendants. The bills of complaint and subpoena used by the Chancery made court procedure far faster, and from 1460 to 1540 there was a steep decline in the number of cases in the common law courts, coinciding with a sharp increase in cases in the newer courts. This loss of business was quickly recognised by the King's Bench, which was urged by Fairfax J in 1501 to develop new remedies so that "subpoenas would not be used as often as they are at present". From 1500 the King's Bench began reforming to increase its business and jurisdiction, with the tide finally turning in their favour by 1550.
The recovery of the King's Bench was thanks to its use of Chancery-like procedure; centrally, the system of bills. Prior to this, a writ would have to be issued, with different writs depending on the issue. If A wished to sue B for trespass, debt and detinue, the court would have to issue an individual writ for each action, with associated time delays and costs for A, and then ensure that B appeared in court. Bills, on the other hand, were traditionally used against court officials and the court's prisoners; as such, the defendant was assumed to already be in the court's custody and presence in court was not needed. Thus a legal fiction arose; if A wished to sue B for trespass, debt and detinue, he would have a writ issued for trespass. B would be arrested as a result, and the covenant, detinue and debt actions undertaken by bill after he had been detained. Eventually it became even more fictitious; if A wished to sue B merely for debt and detinue, a trespass writ would be obtained and then quietly dismissed when B was detained in custody. This was originally undertaken through getting a writ of trespass from the Chancery, but eventually a shorter workaround was used; since the King's Bench retained criminal jurisdiction over Middlesex, the trespass (which was fictitious anyway) would be said to have occurred there, allowing the King's Bench to issue a bill of arrest on its own. This became known as the Bill of Middlesex, and undermined the jurisdiction of the Court of Common Pleas, which would normally deal with such civil cases.
The advantages to this method were that bills were substantially cheaper, and unlike writs did not tie the plaintiff down; once the case came to court the bill could be amended to include any action or actions the plaintiff wanted to enforce. In addition, by avoiding the Chancery writ, the case was substantially cheaper. The result of this was substantial; between 1560 and 1640, the King's Bench's business rose tenfold. This period also saw a substantial broadening of the remedies available in the common law. The main remedy and method was action on the case, which justices expanded to encompass other things. In 1499 it enabled the enforcement of parol promises, which rendered Chancery subpoenas obsolete; later developments included the recovery of debts, suing for defamatory words (previously an ecclesiastical matter) and action on the case for trover and conversion. Most of this reform took place under Fineux CJ, who never lived to see the results of his work; it took over 100 years for the reforms to fully reverse the decline in business.
Struggle with the Common Pleas.
While these reforms succeeded in forming an equilibrium between the old common law courts and the new courts, they were viewed with suspicion by the Common Pleas, who became highly reactionary to the changes the King's Bench attempted to introduce. While the King's Bench was more revolutionary, the Common Pleas became increasingly conservative in its attempts to avoid ceding cases. The disparity between the reformist King's Bench and conservative Common Pleas was exacerbated by the fact that the three Common Pleas prothonotaries could not agree on how to cut costs, leaving the court both expensive and of limited malleability while the King's Bench became faster, cheaper and more varied in its jurisdiction.
The troubles during this period are best illustrated by Slade's Case. Under the medieval common law, claims seeking the repayment of a debt or other matters could only be pursued through a writ of debt in the Common Pleas, a problematic and archaic process. By 1558 the lawyers had succeeded in creating another method, enforced by the Court of King's Bench, through the action of "assumpsit", which was technically for deceit. The legal fiction used was that by failing to pay after promising to do so, a defendant had committed deceit, and was liable to the plaintiff. The conservative Common Pleas, through the appellate court the Court of Exchequer Chamber, began to overrule decisions made by the King's Bench on "assumpsit", causing friction between the courts. In Slade's Case, the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, John Popham, deliberately provoked the Common Pleas into bringing an "assumpsit" action to a higher court where the Justices of the King's Bench could vote, allowing them to overrule the Common Pleas and establish "assumpsit" as the main contractual action. After the death of Edmund Anderson, the more activist Francis Gawdy became Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, which briefly led to a less reactionary and more revolutionary Common Pleas.
The struggle continued even after this point. The Interregnum granted some respite to the Common Pleas, which abolished fines on original writs, hurting the King's Bench, but in 1660 the fines were reinstated and "then the very attorneys of the Common Pleas boggled at them and carried all their finable business to the King's Bench". In 1661 the Common Pleas attempted to reverse this by pushing for an Act of Parliament to abolish latitats based on legal fictions, forbidding "special bail" in any case where "the true cause of action" was not expressed in the process. The King's Bench got around this in the 1670s; the Act did not say that the process had to be true, so the court continued to use legal fictions, simply ensuring that the true cause of action was expressed in the process, regardless of whether or not it was correct. The Bill of Middlessex disclosed the true cause of action, satisfying the 1661 statute, but did not require a valid complaint. This caused severe friction within the court system, and Francis North, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, eventually reached a compromise by allowing such legal fictions in the Common Pleas as well as the King's Bench.
Dissolution.
The unintended outcome of these compromises was that by the end of Charles II's reign, all three common law courts had a similar jurisdiction over most common pleas, with similar processes. By the 18th century, it was customary to speak of the "twelve justices" of the three courts, not distinguishing them, and assize cases were shared equally between them. In 1828, Henry Brougham complained that 
The purpose of Brougham's speech was to illustrate that three courts of identical jurisdiction were unnecessary, and further that it would create a situation where the best judges, lawyers and cases would eventually go to one court, overburdening that body and leaving the others near useless. In 1823, 43,465 actions were brought in the King's Bench, 13,009 in the Common Pleas and 6,778 in the Exchequer of Pleas. Not surprisingly, the King's Bench judges were "immoderately over burdened", the Common Pleas judges were "fully occupied in term, and much engaged in vacation also" and the Barons of the Exchequer were "comparatively little occupied either in term or vacation".
In response to this and the report of a committee investigating the slow pace of the Court of Chancery, the Judicature Commission was formed in 1867, and given a wide remit to investigate reform of the courts, the law, and the legal profession. Five reports were issued, from 25 March 1869 to 10 July 1874, with the first (dealing with the formation of a single Supreme Court of Judicature) considered the most influential. The report disposed of the previous idea of merging the common law and equity, and instead suggested a single Supreme Court capable of utilising both. In 1870 the Lord Chancellor, Lord Hatherly, attempted to bring the recommendations into law through an Act of Parliament, but did not go to the trouble of consulting the judiciary or the leader of the Conservatives, who controlled the House of Lords. The bill ran into strong opposition from lawyers and judges, particularly Alexander Cockburn. After Hatherly was replaced by Lord Selborne in September 1872, a second bill was introduced after consultation with the judiciary; although along the same lines, it was far more detailed.
The Act, finally passed as the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873, merged the Common Pleas, Exchequer, King's Bench and Court of Chancery into one body, the High Court of Justice, with the divisions between the courts to remain. The King's Bench thus ceased to exist, holding its last session on 6 July 1875, except as the King's Bench Division of the High Court. The existence of the same courts under one unified head was a quirk of constitutional law, which prevented the compulsory demotion or retirement of Chief Justices. By sheer chance, both the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas and Chief Baron of the Exchequer died in 1880, allowing for the abolition of the Common Pleas Division and Exchequer Division by Order in Council on 16 December 1880. The High Court was reorganised into the Chancery Division, King's Bench Division and the Probate, Divorce and Admiralty Division; the King's Bench (now Queen's Bench) division remains to this day as lord .
Jurisdiction.
Due to a misunderstanding by Sir Edward Coke in his "Institutes of the Lawes of England", academics thought for a long time that the King's Bench was primarily a criminal court. This was factually incorrect; no indictment was tried by the King's Bench until January 1323, and no record of the court ordering the death penalty is found until halfway through Edward II's reign. The court did have some criminal jurisdiction, with a royal ordinance in 1293 directing conspiracy cases to be brought to the King's Bench and the court's judges acting in trailbaston commissions around the country. A.T. Carter, in his "History of English Legal Institutions", defines the early King's Bench jurisdiction as "to correct all crimes and misdemeanours that amounted to a breach of the peace, the King being then plaintiff, for such were in derogation of the Jura regalia; and to take cognizance of everything not parcelled out to the other courts". By the end of the 14th century much of the criminal jurisdiction had declined, although the court maintained a criminal jurisdiction over all cases in Middlesex, the county where Westminster Hall stood. The King's Bench's main jurisdiction was over "pleas of the crown"; cases which involved the King in some way. With the exception of revenue matters, which were handled by the Exchequer of Pleas, the King's Bench held exclusive jurisdiction over these cases.
The Court of King's Bench did act as an appellate body, hearing appeals from the Court of Common Pleas, eyre circuits, assize courts and local courts, but was not a court of last resort; its own records were sent to Parliament to be signed off on. The creation of the Court of Exchequer Chamber in 1585 created a court from which King's Bench decisions could be appealed to, and with the expansion of the Exchequer Chamber's jurisdiction in 1830 the King's Bench ceased to be an appellate court. Thanks to the Bill of Westminster and other legal fictions, the King's Bench gained much of the Common Pleas's jurisdiction, although the Common Pleas remained the sole place where real property claims could be brought.
Officials.
The head of the court was the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, a position established by 1268. From the 14th century onwards, the Chief Justice was appointed by a writ, in Latin until 1727 and in English from then on. The Chief Justice was the most senior judge in the superior courts, having superiority over the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas and Chief Baron of the Exchequer, and from 1612 the Master of the Rolls. Unlike other Chief Justices, who were appointed to serve "during the King's Pleasure", the appointment as Chief Justice of the King's Bench "did not usually specify any particular tenure". This practice ended in 1689, when all of the Chief Justices became appointed to serve "during good behaviour". The initial salary was £40 a year, with an additional £66 in 1372 and an increase to a total of £160 in 1389. An ordinance of 1646 set a fixed salary of £1,000, increased to £2,000 in 1714, £4,000 in 1733, and finally peaked at £10,000 a year in 1825. Pension arrangements were first made in 1799, peaking at £4,000 a year in 1825. The position remains to this day; after the dissolution of the Court of King's Bench, the Chief Justice has instead been the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales, now the head of the Judiciary of England and Wales.
A Chief Justice of the King's Bench was assisted in his work by a number of Justices of the King's Bench. Occasionally appointed before 1272, the number fluctuated considerably between 1 and 4; from 1522, the number was fixed at 3. Provisions for a fourth were established in 1830, and a fifth in 1868. Following the dissolution of the Court of King's Bench, the remaining Justices because Justices of the Queen's Bench Division of the High Court of Justice. Justices were originally paid £26 a year, increasing to £66 in 1361, and £100 in 1389. An ordinance of 1645 increased this to £1,000, with the salary peaking at £5,500 in 1825. As with the Chief Justice, pension arrangements were formally organised in 1799, starting at £2,000 a year and peaking at £3,500 in 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="19264714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264714" title="Knoller C.I">
Knoller C.I

__NOTOC__
The Knoller C.I was a reconnaissance aircraft built in Austria-Hungary during World War I for use by the Austro-Hungarian army. It was a conventional biplane design with staggered wings, and seated the pilot and observer in tandem in an open cockpit. The upper wing was swept back. 
Production was undertaken at Phönix, but it was built only in small numbers before being supplanted by the Knoller C.II and not all of the examples built were actually flown.

</doc>
<doc id="19264724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264724" title="Dichotomanthes">
Dichotomanthes

Dichotomanthes is a monotypic genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Rosaceae. The flower is perigynous (sepals, petals and stamens around the edge of the ovary) the ovary is superior. The fruit of the plant is a dry achene.

</doc>
<doc id="19264742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264742" title="Court of King's Bench (Ireland)">
Court of King's Bench (Ireland)

The Court of King's Bench (or Court of Queen's Bench during the reign of a Queen) was one of the senior courts of common law in Ireland. It was a mirror of the Court of King's Bench in England.
The King's Bench was one of the "Four Courts" which sat in the building in Dublin still known as "The Four Courts"
Origins.
According to Elrington Ball, an early form of the Court can be identified as early as 1290. The Court of King's Bench was fully operational in Ireland by 1324, with a Chief Justice and at least one associate justice.
Role.
The King's Bench was the principal court of criminal jurisdiction and civil jurisdiction, and its Chief Justice was the most senior judge in Ireland after the Lord Chancellor of Ireland. Its workload was more onerous than that of the Court of Exchequer and Court of Common Pleas, and there was a tradition that its judges must be of higher calibre than the other common law courts. In the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries the Crown expressed a strong preference for English-born judges, especially as Chief Justice. From the beginning of the eighteenth century however no objection was made to the appointment of Irish-born judges.
Abolition.
The Court of Queen's Bench was abolished in 1878 by the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland) 1877. The Court's jurisdiction passed to a new High Court of Justice. The High Court was itself abolished by Section 40 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920. That section created a High Court in Northern Ireland, which still contains a Queen's Bench Division, with similar jurisdiction to its counterpart in England and Wales. In the Republic of Ireland the jurisdiction passed to the new High Court of Ireland

</doc>
<doc id="19264745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264745" title="Templars (Hyperion Cantos)">
Templars (Hyperion Cantos)

The Templars are a religious and political group in Dan Simmons's "Hyperion Cantos", appearing in the novels "Hyperion" and "The Fall of Hyperion".
The Templars are a cult of nature-worshipers who regard the nineteenth-century American naturalist John Muir as a prophet. They are headquartered on the planet God's Grove. The Templars' ideology exhorts them to preserve and spread life throughout the galaxy. A part of the Hegemony of Man, the Templars ply the spaceways in giant "treeships", organic starships grown in a manner similar to Dyson trees and capable of carrying thousands of crewmen and passengers over vast distances. Containment fields in the treeships maintain atmosphere and the passengers are placed in hibernation while the ship's Hawking drive is engaged. Slower-than-light movement of the treeship is achieved through the use of ergs, living organisms capable of manipulating gravitational fields.
In "Hyperion", Het Masteen, a Templar and captain of the treeship "Yggdrasil", transports the pilgrims to the planet Hyperion and joins them on their journey to the Time Tombs. 
In "The Fall of Hyperion", it is revealed that the Templars are in league with the Ousters, a race of genetically-engineered humans who live in deep space and oppose the TechnoCore and the Hegemony. The government of God's Grove prepares to greet an incoming fleet of Ousters they believe are participating in a coordinated invasion of the Hegemony. Unfortunately, the fleet inbound to God's Grove proves to be a TechnoCore fleet disguised as Ousters, and the planet is attacked and largely destroyed.
However, Templars continue to exist in various locales across the Milky Way galaxy, particularly
at Ouster colonies where Templars are found in "The Rise of Endymion". These colonies experienced the "Shared Moment" of humanity that ensued during the death of Aenea. In the short story "Orphans of the Helix", Templars are found living in an Ouster colony several centuries after the events of the Hyperion Cantos.

</doc>
<doc id="19264746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264746" title="Colombia trade agreements">
Colombia trade agreements

Colombia is party to many free trade agreements (FTAs) worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19264756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264756" title="Rusudan Khoperia">
Rusudan Khoperia

Rusudan Khoperia is a Georgian trampolinist that represented Georgia at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympic Games. In 1988, she was Women's World Trampoline Champion representing the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19264763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264763" title="Proxy Governance, Inc.">
Proxy Governance, Inc.

Proxy Governance, Inc., was one of three prominent independent proxy advisory services in the United States. (The others are Glass Lewis & Co., and Institional Shareholder Services, Inc.) As such, it provided proxy voting recommendations on U.S. and non-U.S. publicly reporting companies. Additionally, it provided an online voting platform that permits clients to vote their shares.
The company was often quoted in the media when they issue recommendations to shareholders during high-profile proxy fights, and in cases involving proposed mergers and acquisitions.
Demise.
In February 2011, PGI was acquired by Ernst & Young. Prior to the acquisition, the firm had transferred their client base to Glass Lewis, and ceased operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19264766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264766" title="Beyond (song)">
Beyond (song)

"Beyond" is a three-minute long instrumental song by the band The Moody Blues from their 1969 album "To Our Children's Children's Children", a concept album about space travel. "Beyond" was written by the Moody Blues' drummer Graeme Edge. It was the Moody Blues' second fully instrumental song on one of their albums. The first was the song "The Voyage" from their previous album "On the Threshold of a Dream". It was also the first released Moody Blues song written by Edge that did not involve spoken vocals.
In the compilation "This Is The Moody Blues", the first portion of this track is dubbed into the background of the poem "The Word", originally from the "In Search of the Lost Chord" album.

</doc>
<doc id="19264780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264780" title="Rosati's">
Rosati's

Rosati's Pizza is the second largest local chain of restaurants in the Chicago metropolitan area, (behind only Portillo's), with nearly 150 locations nationwide. The chain centers its business around the thin-crust variety of Chicago-style pizza. Rosati's is a franchise, with the largest franchisee being Rosati’s Franchise & Development, LLC., which formed in 1993 and has 27 stores in Illinois and locations in southern Wisconsin, northwestern Indiana. The Rosati's brand has also branched out to several other states, including locations in Arizona, Nevada, California, Florida, Missouri, Kansas, Texas, Colorado, Ohio and North Carolina.
History.
In the early 1900s, a young Italian entrepreneur by the name of Ferdinand Rosati came to Chicago to follow a dream. Ferdinand had two passions: his family and his cooking, both of which he utilized to open what would become a first in the evolution of Rosati’s Pizza.
Ferdinand opened a small restaurant on Chicago’s famous Taylor Street serving not only as the chef, but as host extraordinaire. Ferdinand greeted each guest as a personal friend. He treated them to his special appetizer, a small pie, made with a cracker thin crust, smothered with his homemade sauce, then covered with a thin layer of cheese. Ferdinand called his specialty, “Pizza A’Olia” and his guests loved it.
After his restaurant took off in Chicago, the business became a true family affair. Ferdinand’s son, Sam Rosati, opened a second Chicago restaurant in 1927.
In 1964, the third generation of Rosatis opened a location on Busse and Algonquin Roads in Mount Prospect, IL. The location was the first Rosati’s Pizza takeout and delivery restaurant. All ten siblings worked in the restaurant with their spouses and children. The commitment and work ethic led the way to franchising in 1978.
By the fourth generation, the Rosatis were planning their next expansion when they decided to take a new direction and pursue separate ventures to bring continued growth to the family business. In 2005, Rosati's began franchising Rosati's Pizza Pubs, a combination of pub and pizza joint.
Over the years, Sam, along with his ten children, countless grandchildren and even more great-grandchildren, have been the driving force behind the growth of Rosati’s Pizza restaurants in making them what they are today - the true definition of pizza. From the Rosati family’s old-world Italian kitchen to your family’s kitchen table, Rosati’s is the original Chicago tradition.
Menu.
The chain specializes in Chicago-style thin crust and Double-dough crust, and also offers traditional Chicago deep dish and stuffed pizza, but also offers other Italian dishes. Most of the menu is made from scratch. Rosati's own small sausage plant supplies Chicago-area units, and outside vendors reproduce the family sausage recipe elsewhere.
Most Rosati's use deck slate ovens rather than conveyor ovens because Sam Rosati preferred the crust characteristics that deck ovens produce.
Stores.
Most Rosati's locations are small stores that are take-out or delivery specific, sometimes with facilities for a few diners, but without restaurant dining areas. The Gurnee, IL location can accommodate up to 30 families at one time with dine-in style seating.

</doc>
<doc id="19264789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264789" title="Al Ayam">
Al Ayam

Al Ayam (Arabic for "The Days") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19264790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264790" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Bell County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bell County, Texas

List of Registered Historic Places in Bell County, Texas
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Bell County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".

</doc>
<doc id="19264815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264815" title="Anwar Ibrahim">
Anwar Ibrahim

Dato' Seri Anwar Bin Ibrahim (born 10 August 1947) is a Malaysian politician. He is the Leader of Opposition of Malaysia (Pakatan Rakyat), economic advisor to the state government of Selangor and de facto leader of PKR (KeADILan). He served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia from 1993 to 1998 and Finance Minister from 1991 to 1998 when he was in UMNO, a major party in ruling Barisan Nasional coaltion. He is an internationally renowned speaker on the subjects of democracy, freedom, governance, Islam and the need for accountability.
Early years (1968-1982).
From 1968 to 1971, as a student, Anwar was the president of National Union Of Malaysian Muslim Students (). Around the same time, he was also the president of University of Malaya Malay Language Society ( (PBMUM) ). In 1971, he was one of the pro tem committee of Angkatan Belia Islam Malaysia (ABIM) or Muslim Youth Movement of Malaysia which he co-founded. At the same time, he was elected as the 2nd President of the Malaysian Youth Council or Majlis Belia Malaysia (MBM). In 1974, Anwar was arrested during student protests against rural poverty and hunger. This came as a report surfaced stating that a family died from starvation in a village in Baling, in the state of Kedah, despite the fact that it never happened but the life of the rubber tappers in Baling was utterly depressed as the price of rubber dropped in 1974. He was imprisoned under the Internal Security Act, which allows for detention without trial, and spent 20 months in the Kamunting Detention Centre. From 1975 till 1982 he was representative for Asia Pacific of World Assembly of Muslim Youth under Sheikh Hassan Abdullah.
Governmental career (1982-1998).
In 1982, Anwar, who was the founding leader and second president of a youth Islamic organisation called Angkatan Belia Islam Malaysia (ABIM), shocked his liberal supporters by joining the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), led by Mahathir bin Mohamad, who had become prime minister in 1981. He moved up the political ranks quickly: his first ministerial office was that of Minister of Culture, Youth and Sports in 1983; after that, he headed the agriculture ministry in 1984 before becoming Minister of Education in 1986. By then, speculation was rife about Anwar's ascent to the Deputy Prime Minister's position as it was a commonly-occurring phenomenon in Malaysia for the Education Minister to assume the position of Deputy PM in the near future.
During his tenure as Education Minister, Anwar introduced numerous pro-Malay policies in the national school curriculum. One of his major changes was to rename the national language from Bahasa Malaysia to Bahasa Melayu. Non-Malays criticized this move as it would cause the younger generation to be detached from the national language, since they would attribute it to being something that belongs to the Malays and not to Malaysians. As the minister of education, Anwar was elected as the 25th President of UNESCO's General Conference. In 1988, Anwar Ibrahim became the second President of International Islamic University of Malaysia.
In 1991, Anwar was appointed Minister of Finance. During his tenure as Finance Minister his impact was immediate; Malaysia enjoyed unprecedented prosperity and economic growth. Shortly after becoming Finance Minister, Euromoney named him as a top four finance minister and in 1996 Asiamoney named him "Finance Minister of the Year". In the midst of Asian Financial Crises of 1997, Anwar was hailed for guiding Malaysia through the period of instability. He backed free market principles and highlighted the issue of the proximity of business and politics in Malaysia. He advocated greater accountability, refused to offer government bail-outs and instituted widespread spending cuts. These prescriptions saved the Malaysian economy and earned Anwar many accolades, including the "Asian of the Year" from Newsweek International. As a deputy prime minister and finance minister, in March 1998, Anwar Ibrahim was selected as the Chairman of the Development Committee of World Bank and International Monetary Fund from March 1998 until September 1998.
In 1993, he became Mahathir's Deputy Prime Minister after winning the Deputy Presidency of UMNO against Ghafar Baba. There is report on Anwar using large cash payments to win support. Anwar is alleged to have resorted to money politics to secure his position as deputy president of UMNO. Anwar's followers were witnessed by even foreign journalists handing out packets of money to acquire support of UMNO division leaders. These followers are said to be working under Anwar's instructions. Anwar was being groomed to succeed Mahathir as prime minister, and frequently alluded in public to his "son-father" relationship with Mahathir; in early 1997, Mahathir appointed Anwar to be acting Prime Minister while he took a two-month holiday. Early in his political career, Anwar was a close ally of the then Prime Minister Mahathir bin Mohamad but subsequently emerged as the most prominent critic of Mahathir's government.
Towards the end of the 1990s, however, the relationship with Mahathir had begun to deteriorate, triggered by their conflicting views on governance. In Mahathir's absence, Anwar had independently taken radical steps to improve the country's governing mechanisms which were in direct conflict with Mahathir's capitalist policies. Issues such as how Malaysia would respond to a financial crisis were often at the forefront of this conflict.
Anwar's frontal attack against what he described as the widespread culture of nepotism and cronyism within UMNO (and the ruling coalition as a whole) angered Mahathir, as did his attempts to dismantle the protectionist policies that Mahathir had set up. "Cronyism" was identified by Anwar as a major cause of corruption and misappropriation of funds in the country.
Financial crisis and fall from power.
During the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis Anwar, as finance minister, supported the International Monetary Fund (IMF) plan for recovery. He also instituted an austerity package that cut government spending by 18%, cut ministerial salaries and deferred major projects. "Mega projects", despite being a cornerstone of Mahathir's development strategy, were greatly curtailed.
Although many Malaysian companies faced bankruptcy, Anwar declared: "There is no question of any bailout. The banks will be allowed to protect themselves and the government will not interfere." Anwar advocated a free-market approach to the crisis, including foreign investment and trade liberalization. Mahathir blamed currency speculators like George Soros and supported currency controls and tighter regulation of foreign investment.
In 1998 "Newsweek" magazine named Anwar the "Asian of the Year". However, in that year, matters between Anwar and Mahathir came to a head around the time of the quadrennial UMNO General Assembly. The Youth wing of UMNO, headed by Anwar's associate Ahmad Zahid Hamidi, gave notice that it would initiate a debate on "cronyism and nepotism". At the General Assembly, a book, "50 Dalil Kenapa Anwar Tidak Boleh Jadi PM" ("50 Reasons Why Anwar Cannot Become Prime Minister") was circulated containing graphic allegations as well as accusations of corruption against Anwar. The book was written by Khalid Jafri, an ex-editor of the government-controlled newspaper "Utusan Malaysia" and former editor-in-chief of a failed magazine, "Harian National". Anwar obtained a court injunction to prevent further distribution of the book and filed a lawsuit against the author for defamation. Police charged the author of the book with malicious publishing of false news. Among the allegations in the book was that Anwar is homosexual. The police were instructed to investigate the veracity of the claims. In what the "Sydney Morning Herald" termed a "blatantly political fix-up",
Anwar was arrested on September 20, 1998. He was subsequently charged with corruption for allegedly interfering with police investigations into allegations of sexual misconduct made against him. In April 1999, following a trial widely believed to be unfair, Anwar was sentenced to six years' imprisonment. Two months later, he was sentenced to nine years' imprisonment, which he was ordered to serve after he completed his six-year sentence for the sodomy case. In 2004, the Federal Court reversed the second conviction and he was released. In July 2008, he was arrested over allegations he sodomised one of his male aides, but was acquitted of the charge in January 2012.
His trial and conviction were widely discredited by the international community.Amnesty International stated that the trial proceedings "exposed a pattern of political manipulation of key state institutions including the police, public prosecutor’s office and the judiciary". Many world leaders, including US Vice President Al Gore, called for his release from prison. His conviction was overturned by the Malaysian Supreme Court and Anwar was finally released from solitary confinement on 2 September 2004.
While he was in police custody in 1998, Anwar was beaten by the then Inspector General of Police, Rahim Noor. Rahim was subsequently found guilty of assault and jailed for two months in 2000. He made a public apology to Anwar and paid undisclosed damages.
"Reformasi" movement and formation of party.
Shortly after Anwar was dismissed as deputy prime minister by the then prime minister Mahathir Mohamad, Anwar and his supporters initiated the Reformasi movement. It consisted of several mass demonstrations and rallies against the long-standing Barisan Nasional coalition government. At the 1998 APEC Summit in Kuala Lumpur, the Vice President of the United States, Al Gore, gave a speech supporting Anwar and the reformasi movement in front of the Prime Minister of Malaysia and other Asia-Pacific premiers.
Reformasi led to the formation of a new multiracial-based party named Parti Keadilan Nasional (National Justice Party). In 1999, a general election was held. The new Parti Keadilan Nasional, Parti Islam Se-Malaysia, and Democratic Action Party formed a Barisan Alternatif (Alternative Front), in a combined initiative to replace the standing Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition government. In August 2003, Parti Keadilan Nasional merged with Parti Rakyat Malaysia (Malaysian's People Party) to form Parti Keadilan Rakyat (PKR) or People's Justice Party headed by Wan Azizah as president. PKR made huge gains in the 2008 general election, winning 31 seats and becoming the largest opposition party in parliament. On April 2008, PKR, PAS and DAP formed a new alliance named Pakatan Rakyat.
Interim years (1999-2007).
Years in prison and subsequent release.
In 1999, Anwar brought suit against Prime Minister Mahathir for defamation for allegedly uttering accusations of immoral acts and calling Anwar a homosexual at a news conference in Malaysia.
The sodomy verdict was partially overturned in 2004, resulting in Anwar's release from prison as he had already served his sentence for the corruption offence. The original author of the book died in 2005 of complications from diabetes but not before the High Court found that he had committed libel and awarded Anwar millions of ringgit in compensation. The Federal Court on 8 March 2010 ruled that the 1998 dismissal of Anwar from his Cabinet posts by Mahathir was constitutional and valid, meaning Anwar had failed in his bid to challenge his sacking.
Although the point was by now moot, an appeal on the corruption charges was heard on 6 September 2004. Under Malaysian law a person is banned from political activities for five years after the end of his sentence. Success in this appeal would have allowed him to return to politics immediately. On 7 September, the court agreed to hear Anwar's appeal. However, on 15 September, the of Court of Appeal ruled unanimously that its previous decision to uphold a High Court ruling that found Anwar guilty was in order, relegating Anwar to the sidelines of Malaysian politics until 14 April 2008. The only way for Anwar to be freed from this stricture would have been for him to receive a pardon from the Yang di-Pertuan Agong.
Teaching and non-profit work.
Since his release from prison, Anwar has held teaching positions at St Antony's College, Oxford, where he was a visiting fellow and senior associate member, at Johns Hopkins University's School of Advanced International Studies in Washington DC as a Distinguished Senior Visiting Fellow, and in 2005–2006 as a visiting professor at the Prince Alwaleed Center for Muslim–Christian Understanding in the School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University, where he continues as a Senior Fellow. In March 2006 he was appointed as Honorary President of the London-based organisation AccountAbility (Institute of Social and Ethical AccountAbility).
In July 2006, Anwar was elected Chair of the Washington-based Foundation For the Future. In this capacity, he signed the 1 October 2006 letter to Robin Cleveland of the World Bank, requesting the transfer of the secondment of Shaha Riza from the US Department of State to the Foundation for the Future. This transaction led to Paul Wolfowitz's resignation as president of the organisation. He was one of the signatories of A Common Word Between Us and You in 2007, an open letter by Islamic scholars to Christian leaders, calling for peace and understanding.
Return to politics.
In November 2006, Anwar announced he planned to run for Parliament in 2008, after his disqualification expired. Anwar has been critical of government policies since his release from prison, most notably of the controversial New Economic Policy (NEP), which provides affirmative action for the Bumiputras. The policy sets a number of quotas, such as for units of housing and initial public offerings, that must be met.
Before he became re-entitled to run for Parliament in 2008, he acted as an "advisor" of Parti Keadilan Rakyat, the party of which his wife Dr. Wan Azizah is president. He was in the forefront in organising a November 2007 mass rally, called the 2007 Bersih Rally, which took place in the Dataran Merdeka Kuala Lumpur to demand clean and fair elections. The gathering was organised by BERSIH, a coalition comprising political parties and civil society groups, and drew supporters from all over the country.
The 2008 election date, however, was set for 8 March 2008, sparking criticisms that Barisan Nasional called for early elections in a bid to deny Anwar's plans for a return to Parliament. In response, Anwar's wife, Wan Azizah Wan Ismail, declared that she would step down should she retain her Permatang Pauh parliamentary seat to force a by-election in which Anwar himself would contest.
When asked about the possibility of Anwar becoming the next Prime Minister, former leader Tun Dr. Mahathir reacted by saying, "He would make a good Prime Minister of Israel".
On 14 April 2008, Anwar celebrated his official return to the political stage, as his ban from public office expired a decade after he was fired as Deputy Prime Minister. One of the main reasons the opposition seized a third of parliamentary seats and five states in the worst ever showing for the Barisan Nasional coalition that has ruled for half a century, was due to him leading at the helm. A gathering of more than 40,000 supporters greeted Anwar in a rally welcoming his return to politics. Police interrupted Anwar after he had addressed the rally for nearly two hours and called for him to stop the gathering since there was no legal permission for the rally.
On 29 April 2008, after 10 years of absence, he returned to the Parliament, albeit upon invitation as a spouse guest of Wan Azizah Wan Ismail, People's Justice Party and the first female opposition leader in Malaysian Parliament's history.
Permatang Pauh by-election.
Anwar Ibrahim was victorious in the Permatang Pauh by-election held on 26 August 2008. Muhammad Muhammad Taib, information chief of the UMNO, stated: "Yes of course we have lost . . . we were the underdogs going into this race." Final results announced by the Election Commission revealed that Anwar Ibrahim won 31,195 of the estimated 47,000 votes cast in the district, while Arif Shah Omar Shah received 15,524 votes and a third candidate had 92 votes.
On 28 August 2008, Anwar, dressed in a dark blue traditional Malay outfit and black "songkok" hat, took the oath at the main chamber of Parliament house in Kuala Lumpur, as MP for Permatang Pauh at 10.03 am before Speaker Tan Sri Pandikar Amin Mulia. He formally declared Anwar the leader of the 3-party opposition alliance. With his daughter Nurul Izzah Anwar, also a parliamentarian, Anwar announced: "I'm glad to be back after a decade. The prime minister has lost the mandate of the country and the nation." At that time Anwar needed 30 government lawmakers to defect to the Opposition in order to form the next government.
Career as opposition leader (2008-present).
On 26 August 2008, Anwar won re-election in the Permatang Pauh by-election and returned to Parliament as leader of the Malaysian opposition. He has stated the need for liberalisation, including an independent judiciary and free media, to combat the endemic corruption that he considers pushes Malaysia close to failed state status.
Petition against Najib Razak.
Anwar continued to attack Najib first day as prime minister, stating he found inconsistencies in the latter's decision to release 13 Internal Security Act detainees. He said as long as the ISA existed, Barisan Nasional could still detain citizens at will. In September 2011 Prime Minister Najib Razak acted to abolish the Internal Security Act and three other laws. Some members of the opposition did not view this in a positive way.
Attempts to form a majority coalition.
Anwar has missed several deadlines he personally set for the transfer of power, each of which came and went: the most recent was Tuesday 16 September 2008. Anwar said he would need more time, and the recalibration of his message has not gone unnoticed: Deputy Prime Minister Najib Razak chose that day to initiate a broadband internet program Anwar opposes, saying that he had not doubted that the government would still be in office on 16 September. Prime Minister Abdullah Badawi too pointed out that Anwar had missed his own deadline, and dismissed his claim to have secured the defection of 30 MPs.
By 25 September Anwar had still not amassed enough votes, creating doubts for Malaysians about whether he was really ready to take power, particularly in light of his failure to meet his own 16 September deadline for the transition of power. In the interim, UMNO had its own party meeting to broker Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi's step down from power in June 2009, a year earlier than previously promised
On 24 October 2008, Anwar admitted problems with his stalled bid to topple the UMNO's majority, saying that Pakatan Rakyat is running out of options to create a majority. His "credibility among ordinary Malaysians has been somewhat dented after Sept 16 and the new promise of forming the Government has not generated the sort of anticipation or excitement as before." Media within the country have taken an increasingly hostile view towards Anwar's protestations and failed threats to assemble a majority government.
On 30 March 2010, Anwar Ibrahim alleged in the Dewan Rakyat the 1Malaysia was mirrored after "One Israel" concept and designed by Mindteams Sdn Bhd, a branch in Malaysia of Apco Worldwide, an international public relations company engaged by the Malaysian government that also created the One Israel concept in 1999 for then Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak. Barisan Nasional government has claimed it was false and its lawmakers have tabled a motion to censure Anwar for misleading the Parliament over his 1Malaysia-One Israel allegations which was passed by the Parliament on 22 April 2010.
2008 allegations of sodomy.
On 29 June 2008, online news portal Malaysiakini reported that an aide of Anwar Ibrahim, Saiful Bukhari Azlan had lodged a police report claiming that he had been sodomised by Anwar. Anwar said that the possibility of a prison sentence as a result of the allegations could be seen as an attempt to remove him from the leadership of the opposition following his growing support and by-election victories. He also reaffirmed his innocence and cited evidence in the form of medical reports.
Anwar was found not guilty on 9 January 2012, almost two years after the trial started. The presiding judge Justice Mohamad Zabidin Mohd Diah found that the DNA evidence submitted by the prosecution was unreliable, and acquitted Anwar. Eleven days later, the prosecution filed an appeal against the acquittal.
Hidden sex tape allegation.
On 21 March 2011 a sex video appeared which claimed to feature Anwar Ibrahim. A day after that, Anwar Ibrahim denied his involvement in the incident and filed a police complaint. The police are conducting investigations against a trio of men dubbed the Datuk T trio, who screened the sex video in the first place. They are former Malacca chief minister Tan Sri Abdul Rahim Thamby Chik, businessman Datuk Shazryl Eskay Abdullah and former Perkasa treasurer Datuk Shuaib Lazim.
Salahuddin Ayub vice president of the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party ruled out suspending ties with Pakatan Rakyat stating that,"Everything is wrong about the whole scandal. The way the video was revealed was wrong and watching it is wrong. Islam does not accept this,". However the chief of PAS's Ulama council has stated that if the video is authentic they would consider reviewing ties with PKR. Lim Kit Siang, head of the Democratic Action Party stated that the Barisan Nasional reached "new depths in character assassination" and that the scandal was manufactured just in time for the Sarawak Elections. Chairman of UMNO's youth wing, Khairy Jamaluddin stated that the Barisan National never said that it was Anwar in the video, and that it was odd that the opposition automatically took a defensive attitude. Barisan Nasional MP, Abdul Rahman Dahlan stated that the matter should remain personal, and not be used for political purposes. On 4 April, part of the sex clip with a running time of nearly two minutes, was leaked online on anti-PKR blogsites and YouTube. A second part of the sex video was released on YouTube and a pro-UMNO blog website. The police and the government have been criticised for their slow response by the opposition in prosecuting the culprits who showed the sex video.
On 24 June 2011, Sungai Petani MP Johari Abdul screened a video documentary of to disprove claims that sex video featuring a man who resembles Anwar Ibrahim could be faked. Johari also points out that Anwar no longer wears glasses after his eye surgery while the person in the video did in the beginning of the clip. The video also showed how make-up artists could easily produce an Anwar look-alike. Anwar has maintained his innocence and claims that the proceedings today was part of a conspiracy to tarnish his image.
Jews, Israel, APCO Worldwide, and 1Malaysia.
Anwar has made numerous remarks about a supposed conspiracy among the Malaysian government, APCO (a public relations firm retained by the Malaysian government), Israel, and the United States. Anwar has condemned the Malaysian government for seeking advice from APCO. He claims that the firm is linked to the "murder of Muslims in Palestine." He further claims to have given proof that APCO is a front for the Israeli government to a disciplinary committee of the Malaysian parliament investigating his comments. On another occasion, Anwar, speaking from the parliament, claimed that the firm was controlled by Jews and working on behalf of the American government to influence Malaysian foreign policy. He further implied that changes in Malaysian foreign policy could only be explained if Jews were manipulating Malaysia for the United States.
On 22 April 2010 Anwar was censured by Malaysia's parliament for remarks he made during a press conference in parliament on 30 March 2010. During the press conference, Anwar claimed to have documents linking 1Malaysia, One Israel, and the public relations firm APCO but refused to allow access to the documents when challenged The Malaysian government and APCO have both strongly denied Anwar's allegations. The censure motion passed by the House of Representatives referred Anwar's case to the Rights and Privileges Committee which will recommend a punishment for approval by the full chamber. Such punishment could include being banned from parliament. However Anwar retaliated against the Malaysian government attacks by producing the two documents to support his claims of links between APCO and 1Malaysia.
In a press conference at the London School of Economics Anwar made comments about Zionists and "nasty Jews". In the press conference he also stated that, "There are good Jews, there are bad Jews, there are good Muslims and bad Muslims."
In May 2010, B'nai B'rith International, a prominent Jewish human rights organisation condemned Anwar in a letter to the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, claiming that Anwar was a "purveyor of anti-Jewish hatred" and asked the American government to suspend all contact with Anwar.
2012 Israeli-Palestinian Security comments.
In an interview with the "Wall Street Journal", Anwar Ibrahim stated, "I think our policy should be clear--protect the security Israel but you must be as firm in protecting the legitimate interests of the Palestinians."
This comment sparked an array of criticism from Malaysia's ruling party, UMNO. UMNO member of parliament, Khairy Jamaluddin, stated that Anwar's comments "show a blanket support for anything Israel does" and that "The issue of Palestine is a top foreign policy priority for my party, it would be an issue during the election year or otherwise ... timing doesn’t matter.".
Former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohammad said he was not surprised by Anwar's comments, and stated with regard to Ibrahim's relationship with the Jewish community, "You can't be friendly with them and against them".
The opposition party PAS stated that it would respond to Anwar's comments on 12 February.
Later, Anwar was made to clarify his stand in which he said that the remarks were consistent with the two-state solution that is accepted by the Arab world, as well as Malaysia and Hamas, the Palestinian government.
In response, Anwar responded by saying he supported a "two-state solution" with Palestine, a policy he said was no different from the official stance adopted by the United Nations and Malaysia itself, "I am issuing a stern warning to anyone trying to twist my statement just so that they can say that I have betrayed the aspirations of the Palestinian people" and that his party's stance "is to defend the rights of whoever it is that has been victimized".
Views on gay marriage and homosexuality.
In an interview with "The Wall Street Journal", Anwar stated that he opposed gay marriage as he upholds the sanctity of marriage between men and women but the laws on sodomy in Malaysia must be changed as they are "archaic".
In an interview with "British Broadcasting Corporation", Anwar said Malaysia’s laws concerning homosexuality – which imprison anyone found guilty of sodomy for up to 20 years, and also potentially expose them to strokes of the cane and a fine – are "archaic," though he maintained he supports the sanctity of marriage between a man and a woman. He earlier was asked by an interviewer on BBC whether he plans to abolish the set of laws penalizing sodomy in Malaysia after he had been targeted by the laws twice. Clarifying his comments to the Wall Street Journal, Anwar maintained that he does not advocate legalizing homosexuality or making gay marriage permissible — only that the laws should be amended to ensure private affairs are not penalized. "It is not my business to attack people or arrest people based on their sexual orientation," he said. "Morality is in the public sphere, not beyond that."
13th general election.
On the 13th general election, Anwar Ibrahim as the Leader of the Opposition led his Pakatan Rakyat coalition which comprises the three parties (DAP, PAS, PKR) to contest in the election. On 25 February 2013, Pakatan Rakyat launched their manifesto titled "The People’s Manifesto: Pakatan the hope of the people" to capture the attention of 13 million voters, pledging to reduce their financial burden, among other promises.
Pakatan Rakyat did not achieve the regime change target in the election despite obtaining 50.9% of popular vote compared to the 47.4% gained by BN. This is due to heavy malapportionment of the electoral districts. Pakatan Rakyat also gained 7 more parliamentary seats compared to the 12th general election.
Prior to the election, Anwar said that he would step down from politics if his team did not win the election. During an interview with an Australian media he specifically stated that "I will try my best. I am confident we will win. But if not, I will step down." In the same interview, Jim Middleton (the interviewer) stated that Anwar Ibrahim is becoming the Lee Kuan Yew of the Malaysian opposition Al Jazeera also reported that Anwar Ibrahim came so close to win the election on 5 May 2013 however he has yet to fulfill his promise to step down. It is also reported that Anwar Ibrahim is delaying his resignation by refusing to admit Barisan Nasional victory in the general election. On 7 May 2013, Anwar Ibrahim vowed to lead a "fierce movement" to reform the country’s electoral system and challenge the results of an election he lost.
On 8 May 2013, about 120,000 people wearing black gathered at Petaling Jaya Stadium, Kelana Jaya, Selangor, to attend a rally organised by Anwar to protest against the election results and demand a free and fair election.
Since then, the #Black505 movement continued for another 2 months with touring all over the country. A successful fund raising #Black505 dinner was held in Thean Hou temple hall on 22 June 2013, hosted by Wangsa Maju MP Datuk Dr Tan Kee Kwong on behalf of PKR.
Anwar Ibrahim immediately launched petition of over 30 disputed parliamentary seats in July 2013, but the cases were thrown off election court for technical reasons.
Kajang by-election.
On 27 January 2014, ADUN of Kajang, Lee Chin Cheh resigned. This triggered a by-election. A day later, Anwar Ibrahim were announced as Pakatan Rakyat candidate for the by election. Anwar's candidacy heighten speculation that he is tipped to take over as Selangor Menteri Besar at a later date to resolve a feud between the Selangor PKR and current Menteri Besar Tan Sri Abdul Khalid Ibrahim. Anwar however, downplayed the speculation as he could " ...strengthen the PKR leadership in Selangor." and if he did become the new Menteri Besar when winning the seat, it is only to "...enhancing the level of achievement of the state as it is our model state and the home of the Pakatan leadership"
Personal life.
Anwar was born in Cherok Tok Kun, a village on the mainland side of the northern Malaysian state of Penang. His father, hospital porter, Ibrahim Abdul Rahman was believed to be of mixed Malay and Indian Muslim descent and started his career as a hospital porter, later to join politics as the UMNO Member of Parliament for Seberang Perai Central between 1959 to 1969 and also as the Parliamentary Secretary in the Ministry of Health from 1964 to 1969. His mother Che Yan Hussein, was a housewife and was active in UMNO grassroots politics in Penang. He undertook his secondary education at the Malay College Kuala Kangsar. He was educated at the University of Malaya, where he read Malay Studies, and worked on his Masters in Literature through National University while in prison between 1974-75.
He is married to Dr Wan Azizah Wan Ismail and they have four daughters and a son. His eldest daughter, Nurul Izzah Anwar, is also a member of Parliament for Lembah Pantai.
Publications and speeches.
Articles
Op-ed
Speeches
Media and news.
Interviews
Articles

</doc>
<doc id="19264855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264855" title="Wheely Willy">
Wheely Willy

Wheely Willy (1991–2009) was a paraplegic chihuahua from Long Beach, California who became a celebrity as the subject of two bestselling children's books. He made frequent public appearances promoting mutual understanding among those with and without physical disability. Following appearances on the Animal Planet television network, he was popularly dubbed Wheely Willy.
Background.
Willy was found abandoned in a cardboard box with spinal injuries and a cut throat. Taken in by a veterinary hospital and treated, Willy stayed there for a year unadopted. Learning that the dog would be euthanised if not adopted, pet groomer Deborah Turner decided to bring him home.
Initially, the two pound (one kilogram) Willy needed to be carried everywhere, but Turner made several attempts to allow the dog to move autonomously. She tried attaching large helium-filled balloons to the dog's hindquarters and then placing him on a skateboard, with little success. Ultimately, an advertisement for K-9 Carts, a type of wheelchair designed for canine applications, came to her attention. Willy adapted to this mode of transportation in short order; curiosity from Turner's customers and acquaintances led to local news coverage and steadily increased to international notability.
Willy made visits internationally, most often to hospitals, but he also participated in such events as the Cystic Fibrosis Fun Walk and the Los Angeles Marathon. He made several appearances on television talk shows and news programs.
The dog's tenacity and good nature are frequently cited as an inspiration by people who have encountered him.
Wheely Willy died on December 22, 2009. He and his owner had both sustained injuries when the owner slipped on a porch made wet and slick from a rainstorm. Willy was unable to recover from his injuries.

</doc>
<doc id="19264857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264857" title="Phil McColeman">
Phil McColeman

Phil McColeman (born March 15, 1954) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to represent the electoral district of Brant in the 2008 Canadian federal election. He is a member of the Conservative Party.
McColeman highlighted that numerous Canadian Forces units will be awarded perpetuation of historical units that fought in the War of 1812 and, therefore, inherit Battle Honours for engagements that were of critical importance for the defence of Canada during the War.

</doc>
<doc id="19264868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264868" title="Luba Golovina">
Luba Golovina

Luba Golovina is a Georgian trampolinist who represented Georgia at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19264884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264884" title="Anwar Ibraheem">
Anwar Ibraheem

Anwar Ibraheem may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19264898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264898" title="The Green Album (Kottonmouth Kings album)">
The Green Album (Kottonmouth Kings album)

The Green Album is the tenth studio album by Kottonmouth Kings. Released in 2008, the album peaked at #5 on the "Billboard" Top Rap Albums chart, and #42 on the "Billboard" 200. As of August 1, 2012 "The Green Album" has sold over 325,000 copies in the US. Allmusic reviewer David Jeffries wrote that "If you haven't figured it out from the album's title, the song titles, or even the band's name, "The Green Album" is a pro-weed album from aging cottage industry insiders known as the Kottonmouth Kings. [...] album finds them a bit more out of touch with what's happening in the rest of the music world."
Versions.
In addition to the different packages sold with the album on Subnoize Records, an extra disc was sold with the Best Buy version, and extended versions of the songs "Time", "Where I'm Going", "Pack Your Bowls", and "Trippin" are sold on the iTunes digital download of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19264901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264901" title="Clay Moser">
Clay Moser

Clay Moser is the former head coach of the Rio Grande Valley Vipers of the NBA Developmental League.
Experience.
Coaching.
From 2007-2008, Moser was an advance scout for the Orlando Magic on a part-time basis. Before that, Moser was an advance scout for the Sacramento Kings from 2006-2007. In 2005, he was an assistant coach for the San Antonio Spurs’ summer league team at the Rocky Mountain Review. Moser was also an advance scout for the Golden State Warriors in 2002-03 when Eric Musselman was the head coach. After that he was a coach and team consultant for the Jilin Northeastern Tigers of the Chinese Basketball Association during the 2004-05 season. Moser was the head coach and president of the Great Lakes Storm of the CBA in 2003-04. Moser's first major coaching post came under the tutelage of the late Jim Valvano. He was an assistant coach at North Carolina State University from 1987-89.
Basketball Operations.
From 2005 to 2007, Moser served as a consultant for the NBA. In this role Moser was responsible for projects in Basketball Operations, International Business Development and Team Business Operations. In addition, from October 2005 to June 2006, Moser was the Vice President of Business Development for the New Orleans Hornets. Moser has also served as the CEO of the Idaho Stampede and before that he was the Senior Vice President and Vice President of Basketball Operations for the Continental Basketball Association.
Education.
Moser graduated from the University of Wisconsin-LaCrosse in 1987 with a Bachelor of Science in Sports Management. Moser also attended Minneapolis Community and Technical College where he received an Associate of Arts in General Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19264918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264918" title="List of awards and nominations received by Slipknot">
List of awards and nominations received by Slipknot

Slipknot is an American heavy metal band from Des Moines, Iowa. Originally formed under the name of The Pale Ones in September 1995, Slipknot have gone through multiple line-up changes, their lineup remained unalterd from 1999 until 2010 with the death of bassist Paul Gray. The line-up consists of vocalist Corey Taylor, guitarists Mick Thomson and Jim Root,drummer Joey Jordison, percussionists Shawn Crahan and Chris Fehn, sampler Craig Jones and turntablist Sid Wilson.
On June 29, 1999 they released their debut self-titled album "Slipknot". "Wait and Bleed", a single from the album won a Kerrang! Award for Best Single in 2000 and also brought the band its first Grammy nomination for Best Metal Performance in 2001. Following the release of their second album "Iowa", singles "Left Behind" and "My Plague" were also nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 2002 and 2003 respectively. "My Plague" was also nominated for the Kerrang! Award for Best Video in 2002. On May 25, 2004 Slipknot released their third album "", which was nominated for Best Album in the 2004 Kerrang! Awards. In 2006, "Before I Forget" a single from the album brought the band their first Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance after six nominations. In 2008 then band released their fourth album "All Hope Is Gone", "Psychosocial" single from the album brought the band their first MTV Video Music Awards nomination for Best Rock Video, as well as their seventh Grammy nomination in 2009. Slipknot received their first MTV Europe Music Awards nomination in the Rock Out category, also "Kerrang!" awarded the band the Kerrang! Icon award. Also in 2009 they received 6 nominations at the Kerrang! Awards, the most of any band that year and in Slipknot's history. Overall, Slipknot has received 16 awards from 46 nominations.
ECHO Awards.
The ECHO Awards are held annually in Germany. Slipknot has received one nomination.
Fuse Awards.
The Fuse Awards are arranged by Fuse TV and are decided by public vote. Slipknot has received one nomination.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Slipknot has received one award from seven nominations.
Kerrang! Awards.
The Kerrang! Awards is an annual awards ceremony held by "Kerrang!", a British rock magazine. Slipknot has won seven awards from twenty nominations.
Metal Hammer Golden God Awards.
The Metal Hammer Golden God Awards is an annual awards ceremony held by "Metal Hammer", a British heavy metal magazine. Slipknot has won three awards from nine nominations.
MTV Europe Music Awards.
The MTV Europe Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1994 by MTV Europe. Slipknot has received one nomination.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards were established in 1984 by MTV to celebrate the top music videos of the year. Slipknot has received one nomination.
NME.
Founded by the music magazine "NME", the NME Awards are awarded annually. Slipknot has received two awards.
Revolver Golden Gods Awards.
The Revolver Golden Gods Awards is an annual awards ceremony held by "Revolver", an American hard rock and heavy metal magazine. Slipknot has won Five awards. Lead Singer/Frontman Corey Taylor has won one.
Total Guitar Readers Awards.
The Total Guitar Readers Awards is an annual awards ceremony held by "Total Guitar", a British guitar magazine. Slipknot has won three awards from three nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="19264933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264933" title="Dmitry Verkhovtsov">
Dmitry Verkhovtsov

Dmitry Nikolayevich Verkhovtsov, also spelled sometimes as Dzmitry Mikalaevich Verhawtsow (, tr. "Dzmitry Mikalaevich Verkhawtsow"; , tr. "Dmitriy Nikolayevich Verkhovtsov"; born 10 October 1986 in Mogilev) is a Belarusian international footballer who plays for Russian Premier League club Krylia Sovetov Samara as a central defender. On 10 September 2008, in only his 4th game for the national side, Verkhovtsov scored a goal in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Andorra.

</doc>
<doc id="19264936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264936" title="Simplemente Todo">
Simplemente Todo

Simplemente Todo is the eighth album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro, released in 1986. The single "Macumba" has sold well compared to her other work. The song "Nunca Lo Sabra" is from "Amor Prohibido" a Telenovela Verónica Castro starred in which was made in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19264954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264954" title="Marie Corridon">
Marie Corridon

Marie Louise Corridon Mortell (February 5, 1930 – May 26, 2010), née Marie Louise Corridon, was an American competition swimmer and Olympic champion.
Corridon was born in Washington, D.C., but moved with her family to Norwalk, Connecticut, when her father started his medical practice there. She attended Sacred Heart Academy in Stamford, Connecticut. She learned to swim at the age of 5, and demonstrated a natural ability as a swimmer. She was the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) national champion in the 100-yard freestyle in 1948, and set a new U.S. record in the event. She won the 100-yard freestyle national championship again in 1950.
Corridon competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, England, where she won a gold medal as the lead-off swimmer of the first-place U.S. team in the women's 4×100-meter freestyle relay. Corridon, together with her teammates Thelma Kalama, Brenda Helser and Ann Curtis, set a new Olympic record in the event final. Individually, she also competed in the women's 100-meter freestyle, but did not advance to the final.
After the Olympics, Corridon attended Marymount Manhattan College. She also worked for Avery Brundage, the long-time head of the United States Olympic Committee.
Corridon married William Edward Mortell, and together they had seven children. She died in Norwalk, Connecticut on May 26, 2010; she was 80 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19264983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264983" title="Jardim Cinira">
Jardim Cinira

Jardim Cinira is a neighborhood the city of Itapecerica da Serra, in the Brazilian state of São Paulo.
Currently has 11 streets; "Soldado PM Gilberto Augustinho Avenue", "Getúlio Vargas Avenue", "Deodoro da Fonseca Street", "Campos Sales Street", "Epitácio Pessoa Street", "Washington Luís Street", "Palmares Street", "Nova Granada Street", "Floriano Peixoto Street", "Palestina Street" and "Hermes da Fonseca Street".
The neighborhood is the most populous of Itapecerica da Serra, and the region, live councillors of Itapecerica da Serra in neighborhood, addition to another district as the Parque Paraíso, which is the largest district of city and has a school and a nursery. Techo-South Rodoanel Mario Covas is being built in the neighborhood. In the neighborhood is also famous lake in the region. The Lake of Cristalina, free and fair at all Friday.
The district generates much trade, and average urbanization.

</doc>
<doc id="19265030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265030" title="Thelma Kalama">
Thelma Kalama

Thelma H. Kalama (March 24, 1931 – May 17, 1999) was an American competition swimmer and Olympic champion. She competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, England, where she won a gold medal in the women's 4x100-meter freestyle relay, together with her teammates Marie Corridon, Brenda Helser and Ann Curtis. The U.S. relay team set a new Olympic record of 4:29.2 in the event final.
Kalama was inducted into the Hawaii Sports Hall of Fame in 1998, and the Hawaii Swimming Hall of Fame as a posthumously member of its first class of honorees in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19265035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265035" title="New England Boy Scouts">
New England Boy Scouts

The New England Boy Scouts (NEBS) were an early American Scouting organization that split off from the American Boy Scouts in 1910 and merged with the Boy Scouts of America by 1916.
History.
The American Boy Scouts were organized in May 1910 by publisher William Randolph Hearst. In June 1910, the ABS started organizing the Department of New England which was operational in August or September under chief department scout General William H. Oakes. In December 1910, Hearst resigned, citing mismanagement on the part of the ABS directors. The New England Division left the ABS at the same time and formed the New England Boy Scouts.
NEBS member George S. Barton, of Somerville, Massachusetts, founded "Boys' Life" magazine in January 1911. The magazine covered the three Scouting organizations of the time: the Boy Scouts of America, the American Boy Scouts and the New England Boy Scouts. In 1912, the Boy Scouts of America purchased the magazine, making it an official BSA magazine.
NEBS merged into the BSA in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="19265039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265039" title="EuroparlTV">
EuroparlTV

EuroparlTV is the television station of the European Parliament. The service includes live streaming of parliamentary sessions and committee meetings, archived content, debate programmes and educational videos. Subtitles and voice-overs in the 22 official languages of the European Union (EU) are available for all of the content. 
EuroparlTV was launched 17 September 2008. The Parliament awarded the development of the channel to two separate private contractors: the content is produced by Mostra, a Brussels based communication agency. The technical platform (website, hosting and streaming) is managed by Twofour, a broadcasting and communications company headquartered in Plymouth, U.K.. EuroparlTV is funded via the Parliament's budget.
Format.
The content of EuroparlTV is divided into three "channels":
One separate section offers live streaming of the European Parliament's plenary and committee meetings.
History.
The European Parliament decided to use external resources to create the service. It organised an external tender to identify two companies, one to set up the web platform and organise the hosting of the service, the other to create material.
The parliament signed contracts in December 2006 and July 2007 with, respectively, Twofour, a UK-based company for the platform, and Mostra, a Brussels-based company for the content.
A prototype of EuroparlTV was unveiled in November 2007.
Since its 2008 launch, EuroparlTV has grown to count as many as 75 partners: local, regional and national TV stations, but also a number of websites across Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19265045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265045" title="Morane-Saulnier AN">
Morane-Saulnier AN

__NOTOC__
The Morane-Saulnier AN was a French fighter prototype of the 1910s that resulted in the development of many other Morane-Saulnier prototypes.
Development.
Completed in late 1918, the AN was a two-seat fighter designed to use an unorthodox Bugatti U-16 engine. Large and equi-span, it was a two-bay biplane with a monocoque fuselage.
Operational history.
First tested in late 1918, the AN displayed bad handling and poor general performance. As such many variants were developed, elaborated below. 

</doc>
<doc id="19265072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265072" title="Barnes Creek (Washington)">
Barnes Creek (Washington)

Barnes Creek is a small stream that flows in the U.S. state of Washington from the base of Mount Storm King and Aurora Ridge into Lake Crescent. Barnes Creek is also fed by Marymere Falls. Barnes Creek sustains the spawning habitat for the endemic Crescenti cutthroat trout. It flows onto Barnes Point, an ancient landslide delta, and into Lake Crescent.
Barnes Creek and Barnes Point take their name from Paul Barnes, who settled at Barnes Point in 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="19265094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265094" title="USS Richland (YFD-64)">
USS Richland (YFD-64)

USS "Richland" (YFD-64/AFDM-8) was an "AFDM-3"-class medium auxiliary floating drydock built in California for the U.S. Navy. Originally named USS "YFD-64", she was towed to the Philippine Islands and Guam where she served until war's end. 
In 1946 she was placed back into service to support submarine maintenance at Guam for the next forty years.
Constructed in Eureka, California.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Richland" (AFDM-8) was built by the Chicago Building & Iron Co., Eureka, California, and commissioned as "YFD-64" on 28 November 1944.
World War II service.
Drydock "YFD-64" remained on the west coast until 15 December 1944 when she was towed to Pearl Harbor. On 25 January 1945 she was towed into Eniwetok and then on to Ulithi. She was next towed to San Pedro Bay where she worked until November when she was towed to Guam. She decommissioned there on 8 June 1946.
Post-war reactivation and service.
"YFD-64" was redesignated "AFDM-8" on 1 August 1946, placed in service at Guam on 1 January 1947. The floating drydock supported Fleet Ballistic Missile submarine maintenance at Guam for over forty years. She was named "Richland" on 6 April 1968.
Dispositioning at end of service.
The drydock was struck from the Navy List on 22 August 1997 and transferred to the local redevelopment authority in Guam on 6 April 1999.
Honors and awards.
Qualified "Richland" personnel were eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19265105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265105" title="No Time">
No Time

No Time may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19265122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265122" title="Barnes Point">
Barnes Point

Barnes Point is an ancient landslide delta that juts out into Lake Crescent in Clallam County, Washington. As one of the few areas of relatively flat ground near Lake Crescent, it hosts Lake Crescent Lodge, the Storm King Ranger Station of Olympic National Park, as well as several private homes. It also contains the trails which access Mount Storm King, Marymere Falls, and Barnes Creek. Barnes Creek flows through an old-growth forest, providing spawning habitat for the endemic Crescenti cutthroat trout.
Barnes Point and Barnes Creek take their name from Paul Barnes, who settled at the point in 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="19265159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265159" title="Sumerian Farmer's Almanac">
Sumerian Farmer's Almanac

Sumerian Farmer's Almanac is the first farmer's almanac on record. The farmer's almanac is dated to around 1700 to 1500 BCE. It was discovered in 1949 by an American expedition in Iraq sponsored jointly by the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago and the University Museum of the University of Pennsylvania.
Tablet.
The farmer's almanac is a small clay tablet of by with an inscription that is more than 3,500 years old. It was found in the ancient Sumerian site of Nippur. The tablet had to be completely restored as it was in poor condition when discovered.
The "Nippur tablet" has 35 lines of text and is part of the middle of the complete overall document. Different parts of the agricultural "primer" were already known in eight other clay tablets and fragments before the Nippur part was discovered. The complete Sumerian Farmer's Almanac document has 111 lines of text. It was originally made by a farmer for his son. The document has prime importance in the history of agriculture and its techniques. The document consists of a series of instructions for the purpose of guiding one throughout their yearly agricultural activities.
Before this document was discovered there were two similar farmer's "handbooks" known from ancient times. One was Virgil's "Georgics" and the other was Hesiod's "Works and Days". Hesiod's "handbook", written probably in the eighth century BCE, was considered the earliest known farmer's almanac then known until the Sumerian Farmer's Almanac officially took the title in 1951. The Sumerian Farmer's Almanac predates Hesiod's almanac by approximately a millennium.: P
Instructions.
The instructions start with the flooding of the fields in the spring and ending with the cleaning and winnowing of the freshly harvested crops. The Sumer's soil was parched so irrigation was important. The almanac instructions began with advice concerning putting water into the fields and caring for the ground. The farmer was instructed to have his help prepare in advance all the necessary farming implements and tools. The farmer was instructed to make sure that he had an extra ox for the plow. The instructions were that before plowing, the farmer should have the ground broken up twice by the mattock and once by the hoe. The hammer was to be used to pulverize the clods. The farmer was instructioned to make sure he had a good manager to control the laborers to make sure they didn’t slough off.
The instructions from the Sumerian Farmer's Almanac were for the farmer to plow eight furrows to each strip of land, which was approximately 20 feet long. Plowing and sowing was carried on simultaneously. It was done with a seeder. A plow was used that had an attachment that carried the seed. A container dropped the seed through a narrow funnel down to even depths of just plowed furrows. The depth was to be that of the width of two fingers and if not the plow was to be adjusted to make it come out this way.
The furrows that had been plowed straight this year were to be plowed diagonal the next year and vice versa. The almanac gives instructions for the farmer to pray to Ninkilim, the goddess of field mice and vermin. This was so the pests would not harm the grain when it would start growing. There were special instructions on when to water the growing grain. There were three different watering times. If the farmer spotted reddening of the wet grain it was the dreaded samana-disease that endangered the crops. If the crop came out of this, then there was to be a fourth watering which usually yielded an extra ten percent.
When the farmer was to harvest the barley, he was not to wait, but was to harvest just at the right moment. This was when the barley stood tall and did not bend over under its own weight. Three men were to do the harvesting as a team using a reaper and a binder. The threshing was done by means of a sledge for a period of five days. This was a device drawn back and forth over the heaped-up grain stalks. The barley was then "opened" with an "opener". A team of oxen drove this primitive machine to crush the barley-(sheaves). The barley, kernels and sheaves, were then winnowed-(of the sheaves) with pitchforks and laid on sticks to make clean.
The writer of the Sumerian Farmer's Almanac said that the agricultural instructions were not his, however those of the god Ninurta, the son and "true farmer" of the leading Sumerian deity, Enlil. This translation of the complete text is by Kramer. Items in (parentheses) are added for meaning (by Kramer). "Italics" are original Sumerian words.

</doc>
<doc id="19265187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265187" title="Calders (disambiguation)">
Calders (disambiguation)

Calders is a municipality in Catalonia, Spain
Calders may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19265214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265214" title="Christopher Scott (cyclist)">
Christopher Scott (cyclist)

Christopher "Chris" Ian Scott, OAM (born 29 October 1968) is a former Australian paralympic cyclist. He has won ten medals at six Games from 1988 to 2008.
Personal.
Scott was born in Gympie, Queensland, with cerebral palsy.At the age of eight, a soccer coach refused to let him join his team because he could not kick the ball with his right foot as well as he could with his left, a rule not enforced on able-bodied players. He consequently joined the next age group's soccer team so he could play with his brother.
He works as a records clerk in the Brisbane suburb of Sunnybank. He has been married to his wife, Karen, since March 2008, and has a stepdaughter.
Career.
Scott competed in 7-a-side Football at the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul. He also competed in athletics in the 1992 Paralympics in Barcelona. He switched to cycling due to a broken ankle. At the 1996 Atlanta games, he won a gold medal in the Mixed 5,000 m Time Trial Bicycle CP Div 4 event, for which he received a Medal of the Order of Australia, and a silver medal in the Mixed 20k Bicycle CP Div 4 event. In 1998 and 1999, he held an Australian Institute of Sport Athlete with a Disability scholarship. At the 2000 Sydney Paralympics, he won a gold medal in the Mixed Bicycle Time Trial CP Div 4 event and a bronze medal in the Mixed Bicycle Road Race CP Div 4 event. At the 2004 Athens Games, Scott was the male captain for the Australian Paralympic team.In the Men's Team Sprint LC1-4/CP 3/4 event at the 2004 Games, Scott, the captain of the Australian cycling team, relinquished his place in the team in the finals so that fellow cyclist Peter Homann could get a chance to win a gold medal at his last Paralympics; the Australian team won the event so Homann received the gold medal along with Scott and the rest of the team. In a 2008 interview, he said of this action: "I already had my gold medal. It's what you do in a team. Peter deserved his chance on the podium." He won two further gold medals in the Men's Road Race / Time Trial Bicycle CP Div 4 and Men's Individual Pursuit Bicycle CP Div 4 events at the 2004 Games.
At the 2008 Beijing Games, he won a gold medal in the Men's Individual Pursuit CP4 event, a silver medal in the Men's Individual Time Trial CP4 event and a bronze medal in the Men's 1km Time Trial CP4 event.The year before these Games, he had had back surgery and then was struck down by a car. He announced his retirement from Paralympic competition in Beijing due to "old age".
Recognition.
In 2000, Scott received an Australian Sports Medal.He received the Australian Paralympic Committee's Senior Male Athlete award in 2002, and Sporting Wheelie of the Year in 2002 and 2005. He also won the Australian Male Disabled Cyclist of the Year awards for four consecutive years from 2002 to 2005, and was the 2005 Australian Sportsperson of the Year with a Disability.
In 2011, he was interviewed by Ian Jobling in the Australian Centre for Paralympic Studies oral history project of the National Library of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19265234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265234" title="Heath Francis">
Heath Francis

Heath Wesley Francis, OAM (born 16 November 1981 in Newcastle, New South Wales is an Australian athlete who has participated in the 2000, 2004 and 2008 Summer Paralympics. His right arm was amputated at the age of seven as a result of a mincing accident on his family farm in Booral, New South Wales. At the 2008 Beijing Paralympics he became the first arm amputee athlete to win the sprint treble (100m, 200m and 400m events) at a Paralympics, a feat he accomplished 2 years earlier at the 2006 IPC World Championships. 
He competes in the T46 classification for arm amputees, where he is the current 200m (21.74s) & 400m (47.63s) World Record holder. Both World Record times were run at the 2008 Beijing Paralympics.
In 2000, his competitive sport participation was sponsored by the New South Wales WorkCover.
He received a Medal of The Order of Australia for his 2000 gold medals. He also received an Australian Sports Medal in 2000 and a Centenary Medal in 2001. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder from 2003 to 2010 and was coached by Irina Dvoskina.

</doc>
<doc id="19265245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265245" title="Aurora Peak (Washington)">
Aurora Peak (Washington)

Aurora Peak is a summit in Olympic National Park in Clallam County, Washington. It 
is the highest point on Aurora Ridge. The northern flank of the ridge forms a steep escarpment above Lake Crescent, while the southern flank towers above the Sol Duc River. Other summits on the ridge are Sourdough Mountain and Lizard Head Peak. To the east the ridge is known as Happy Lake Ridge.
The Aurora Ridge Trail follows along the ridge line providing scenic views. The trail, rated moderate to difficult, changes in elevation from . The Park Service notes that "some sections of this trail are difficult to follow.".

</doc>
<doc id="19265252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265252" title="Karl Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg">
Karl Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg

Karl Frederick of Anhalt-Bernburg (13 July 1668 in Bernburg – 22 April 1721 in Ballenstedt) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg.
He was the eldest son of Victor Amadeus, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, by his wife Elisabeth, daughter of Frederick, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1718, the fifty-year-old Karl Frederick inherited Anhalt-Bernburg. His reign, which lasted only two years until his death, was unremarkable.
Marriages and Issue.
In Bernburg on 25 June 1692 Karl Frederick married his cousin Sophie Albertine (b. Sonnenwalde, 2 October 1672 - d. Bernburg, 12 June 1708), daughter of George Frederick, Count of Solms-Sonnenwalde, by his wife Anna Sophia of Anhalt-Bernburg (sister of his father Victor Amadeus). They had six children:
From 1711 Karl Frederick began to live with Wilhelmine Charlotte Nüssler (b. Harzgerode, 10 May 1683 - d. Gernrode, 30 May 1740), the daughter of a non-noble chancery counselor. They had two sons:
Karl Frederick and Wilhelmine Charlotte married secretly in Bernburg on 1 May 1715 and Karl Frederick immediately tried to have his wife raised to the rank of countess by the Emperor. When Prince Victor Amadeus learned of his son's actions, he wrote to the Emperor on 15 November 1715 to prevent the elevation, and added a codicil to his testament dated 13 July 1716 denying the children of the union any succession rights. The Emperor approved this codicil one year later, on 15 July 1717.
The Emperor also sent a rescript to Karl Frederick dated 20 August 1717 instructing him not to call his wife princess or their sons princes. Nevertheless, after his father died in 1718, Karl Frederick obtained from the Emperor a patent to elevate his wife to the title Countess of Ballenstedt (German: "Gräfin von Ballenstedt") on 19 December 1719, and their two sons to the rank of Imperial Counts of Bährnfeld (German: "Reichsgrafen von Bährnfeld") on 12 June 1723; this, however, without prejudice of the rights of the agnates. In 1722, the Reichshofrat forbade Karl Frederick's widow to use the princely title for herself or her sons.
However, on 16 November 1742, the Emperor Charles VII raised the Counts of Bährenfeld to the rank of Princes of Anhalt-Bernburg with all rights of succession. Victor I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym, protested, but the Emperor died in 1745. The Prince brought up the matter to the College of Electors gathered in 1745, but they declined to take up the matter in the electoral capitulation. He then brought the matter to the Reichshofrat, which ruled on 6 May 1748 by repealing the diploma of 1742 and forbidding the Counts of Bährenfeld from calling themselves Princes of Bernburg or Princes of Anhalt-Bernburg, and allowing them only to call themselves Princes of Bährenfeld. They died unmarried.

</doc>
<doc id="19265287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265287" title="Serie Diamante">
Serie Diamante

Serie Diamante is the fifth Hits album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro, It was released in 2008
By Peerless Records Celebrating their 75th" anniversary. 

</doc>
<doc id="19265315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265315" title="List of electoral districts by nation">
List of electoral districts by nation

Electoral districts go by different names depending on the nation and the office being elected.
Australia.
"List: List of Australian federal electorates"
In Australia, federal constituencies are officially termed "divisions", and their state counterparts "electoral districts". At both levels, though, they are popularly referred to as "electorates" or "seats".
Brazil.
In Brazil, seats in the lower chamber of the federal congress ("Câmara dos Deputados") are split throughout the 26 States and the Federal District in a roughly proportional manner. Each federal entity has a minimum of 8 seats and a maximum of 70. The States of São Paulo and Minas Gerais have the largest number of seats. Within each federal entity, representatives are chosen by open-list proportional voting.
For the senate, each federal entity (state or federal district) has a fixed number of three senators.
Botswana.
Botswana has 57 parliamentary constituencies. There is one member of Parliament for each constituency.
Canada.
In Canada, constituencies are legally known as "electoral districts" (in French, "circonscriptions") for Members of Parliament and Members of Legislative Assemblies or Members of Provincial Parliament (Ontario) at the provincial level, although "constituency" and the informal term ""riding"" (or ""comté"" in French) are also used.
Chile.
Chile's bicameral Congress consists of a Chamber of Deputies (lower house) and a Senate (upper house). The country is divided into 60 electoral districts for the lower house and 19 senatorial constituencies for the Senate. Each electoral district or senatorial constituency elects two representatives. That is, 120 deputies and 38 senators, in total. Chile is the only country in the world where both seats in two-seat electoral districts are filled in the same election.
Estonia.
There are 15 electoral districts ("valimisringkonnad") for the parliamentary elections in Estonia. Each district elects 5 to 14 mandates to the 101-membered Riigikogu. The capital and largest city Tallinn constitutes 3 electoral districts and Tartu 1. Other districts are divided by the 15 counties. Two of the districts are shared by a group of 3 counties, 3 districts by 2 counties and 3 counties make up a separate electoral distinct.
Some municipalities have electoral districts in their local elections. In the 2009 elections, Tallinn had 8 electoral districts, one for each district of the town. Vändra Parish, which recently joined Kaisma Parish, also had 2 electoral districts.
Falkland Islands.
The Falkland Islands are divided into two constituencies, the Camp and Stanley which return three and five members respectively to the Legislative Assembly. The Camp constituency includes any part of the Falklands which is not within the boundaries of the Stanley constituency (which are defined by a 3.5 mile radius from the cathedral spire).
A referendum had been held in 2001 in which both Camp and Stanley voters rejected a change to a single constituency.
The Constitution now specifically allows for the constituencies and their boundaries to be amended, but such an amendment must be suppored in a referendum and, as a protection, there must be a two-thirds majority in each constituency.
A further referendum was held on 3 November 2011: Stanley voters narrowly supported a single constituency (but not with a two-thirds majority) and Camp voters emphatically rejected a single constituency. (Mercopress report on the 2011 referendum result)
France.
In France, electoral constituencies are known as "circonscriptions électorales".
For parliamentary elections, they are known as "circonscriptions législatives", and for departmental one, France uses "cantons".
Germany.
In Germany, there are 299 basic electoral constituencies (called "Wahlkreise"), accounting for half of the 598 nominal seats in the German Bundestag in a "First Past the Post electoral system". The constituencies for the rest of the seats are the federal states, representatives being drawn from the top of their respective electoral lists. The former constituencies are divided so that each has approximately the same number of voters. German electoral law dictates that the deviation from average of all constituencies shall not exceed a certain figure. Other restrictions prevent abuses such as gerry-mandering.
Similar provisions obtain for many of the federal state parliaments, though constituencies are generally smaller and boundaries change more frequently. Representatives to the European Parliament are only elected by party proportion and state. 
Hong Kong.
The unicameral Legislative Council has 60 members, 30 returned from five geographical constituencies based on the Hare quota and largest remainder method, and the remaining 30 returned through 28 functional constituencies.
Iceland.
In Iceland, there are 6 constituencies, which are "Norðvesturkjördæmi" "Northwest", "Norðausturkjördæmi" "Northeast", "Suðvesturkjördæmi" "Southwest", "Suðurkjördæmi" "South", "Reykjavíkurkjördæmi norður" "North Reykjavik", and "Reykjavíkurkjördæmi suður" "South Reykjavik". The Icelandic word for constituency is "kjördæmi".
Republic of Ireland.
Constituencies in the Republic of Ireland elect between three and five Teachta Dálas (TDs) using the STV method. Each constituency elects three to five Teachta Dálas.
India.
In India constituency is an area, where people of this notified area elect their representative either to Lok Sabha or state legislature or local governing bodies. India has multi tier democratic system . The apex legislature body of India which form part of Union government is Loksabha ( Lower house ), then there are state legislature also called legislative assembly ( Vidhan Sabha ), then Zilla Parishad, Taluk Panchayat and Grama Panchayat.Hence every area has a constituency under which it falls.
"List:List of Indian constituencies"
Italy.
For the election of the Italian Chamber of Deputies, since 1993 Italy is divided in 27 districts called "circoscrizioni". However, the distribution of seats being calculated at national level, districts serve only to choose the single candidates inside the party lists. During the election of the Italian Senate, according to the Constitution, each Region is a single district, without connections at national level.
During the Regional elections, the districts correspond to the Provinces, even if some seats are allocated at regional level. For the Provincial elections, a special system is used, based on "localized lists": even if the competition is disputed on provincial level, candidates are presented in single-member districts, and their final position inside each party list depends by the percentage of votes they received in their own districts. Finally, for the Communal elections no districts are used.
Lebanon.
Lebanon has multi-seat constituencies.
Liberia.
In Liberia, there are 64 electoral districts, each of which sends a single member to the House of Representatives. Each representative is elected by the first past the post system.
Malaysia.
There are 222 parliamentary constituencies in Malaysia. The seats are indicated as "P.xxx". Each constituency is represented by an elected Member of Parliament who sits at the lower house of the Parliament of Malaysia called "Dewan Rakyat". With the exception of Federal Territory parliamentary seats, these constituencies are further divided into 505 state legislative assembly districts, whose representative will sit at their respective state legislative assembly. The state assembly seats are indicated as "N.xx".
Mexico.
The Federal Electoral Districts of Mexico are the 300 constituencies or electoral districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of federal elections. Each district returns one Federal Deputy, who sits in the Chamber of Deputies, the lower house of the Federal Congress. An additional 200 deputies are elected by proportional representation.
Namibia.
"Constituency" is used as an administrative division.
New Zealand.
New Zealand uses a proportional representation system, with a parliament nominally consisting of 120 seats. Of these, 63 are general electorate seats, with 16 of these seats being for South Island constituencies and the remainder being for the North Island. A further seven seats are specifically for the Māori population with this number determined by the size of the Māori electoral roll. While Māori may choose to be enrolled in either the electoral roll, the use of a separate Māori roll is a continuing controversy in New Zealand, with many seeing it as anachronistic and separatist.
Voters are each entitled to two votes, one for their local electorate contest, and one for the nationwide party vote. The remaining 50 seats are allocated from party lists on a proportional basis, based on the nationwide party vote tally. Occasionally, as in the current parliament, this results in an "overhang" - a 121st seat being required to accommodate the correct proportion of Members of Parliament. Only parties which record either 5% of the nationwide party vote or win one or more electoral seats may be awarded list seats.
The size of New Zealand electorates is determined on a population basis such that all electorates have approximately the same population.
Philippines.
The Philippines has a bicameral legislature: the Senate and the House of Representatives. The senators are elected nationwide at-large as one "district," with the twelve candidates with the most votes winning the twelve seats contested every election.
In the House of Representatives, four-fifths of its members are elected via first past the post in single member districts, while the remaining one-fifth is elected via a party-list system. There are currently 234 legislative districts in the country, each electing one congressman to the House of Representatives.
From 1916 to 1935, senators were also elected via districts, with eleven districts electing two senators, while the two senators in the twelfth district were appointed by the American governor-general.
While most legislators are elected via geographical "districts", they represent their "constituents"; party-list representatives' constituents is the sector they represent, while the senators' constituency is the entire nation.
Portugal.
The 22 constituencies of Portugal are named "círculos eleitoriais" (singular: "círculo eleitoral", meaning "electoral circle"). They are used for the election of the deputies of the Portuguese unicameral national parliament, the "Asembleia da República" (Assembly of the Republic).
Each "círculo eleitoral" elects a number of deputies (from two to 47), that varies according with the number of electors of the constituency.
The area of 20 of the constituencies coincides with the first level administrative divisions of Portugal, which are the 18 districts of the mainland Portugal and the two autonomous regions of the Portuguese islands. The two remainder constituencies represent the Portuguese who live in foreign countries, existing one "círculo eleitoral" for Europe and other for outside Europe.
Singapore.
In Singapore, there are 15 group representation constituencies(GRC) and 12 single-member constituencies, giving a total of 23 constituencies. Group representation constituencies elect between four to six MPs to the Parliament of Singapore, while single member constituencies elect one. (accurate as of 2011 general elections). Both GRCs and SMCs are elected with a purality method.
Spain.
In Spain, electoral constituencies are known as "circunscripciones". Under Article 68 of the Spanish constitution 
the boundaries must be the same as the provinces of Spain and under Article 140 this can only be altered with the approval of Congress. Voting is on the basis of universal suffrage in a secret ballot. Article 68 also states that the number of deputies must not be less than 300 nor exceed 400, that the enclaves of Ceuta and Melilla should be single member districts, that provinces should be guaranteed an initial minimum representation and that the electoral system should be proportional representation, although it does not specify a particular type. 
Constituency magnitude has normally been small. Currently 27 of the 52 districts elect between three and five members. A further ten elect six or seven members. This has tended to favour the larger parties at the expense of smaller lists. Consequently it has been common for smaller parties to form ad hoc alliances with larger parties by forming joint lists. The electoral system used is closed list proportional representation with seats allocated using the D'Hondt method. Only lists which poll 3% or more of all valid votes cast, including votes "en blanco" i.e. for "none of the above" can be considered for seats. In practice the 3% threshold has usually been unnecessary as the effective representation threshold has been much higher. The sole exception was the 1993 election in Madrid where a minor party list lost a seat.
Sri Lanka.
"see Electoral districts in Sri Lanka"
Members of the Sri Lankan Parliament are elected from 22 multi-member electoral districts.
Sweden.
In elections to the Swedish Parliament ("Riksdag"), the 349 seats are divided into 310 fixed seats and 39 adjustment seats. The 310 fixed seats are distributed into 29 multi-member districts ("valkretsar"). These follow county borders with the exception of the three largest counties, Stockholm, Västra Götaland and Skåne, which are divided into two, five and four districts respectively. Counties are also divided into several districts for elections to the county councils, while municipalities above a certain size must be divided into several districts for the purpose of elections to the municipal assemblies.
Switzerland.
In Switzerland, the Canton of St. Gallen uses the "Wahlkreise" (constituency or electoral district) in place of the previous, and more usual, district. See Canton of St. Gallen#Constituencies and municipalities.
Turkey.
There are 550 seats elected from 85 electoral districts in Turkey to the Grand National Assembly. The districts generally correspond to Turkey's provincial divisions with the exception of Istanbul, Ankara and Izmir, which are divided into smaller districts owing to their large electorates.
Voting last took place nationally across all of the below districts on 12 June 2011.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, a parliamentary constituency is sometimes called a "parliamentary seat" or "division". Constituencies for local government elections are called either "wards" or "electoral divisions".
As of 2010, there are 650 House of Commons constituencies in the UK:
Northern Ireland has 18 constituencies, each of which elect six MLAs to the Northern Ireland Assembly under the Single Transferable Vote system.
The Scottish Parliament has 73 single-member constituencies elected on a first past the post basis, with the remaining 56 seats in the parliament being selected by the Additional Member System (AMS). Since the passage of the Scottish Parliament (Constituencies) Act 2004, the constituencies of the Scottish Parliament are no longer identical to those of the House of Commons.
The National Assembly for Wales has 40 constituencies elected by first past the post which are identical to the Welsh constituencies of the House of Commons. Its remaining 20 seats are selected by AMS.
The London Assembly has 14 constituencies elected by first past the post, described in the article on London Assembly constituencies. Its remaining 11 seats are also selected by AMS.
United States.
In the United States, electoral constituencies for the federal House of Representatives are known as "congressional districts" (of which there are presently 435; the number can be increased), while the constituencies for the variously named state legislatures go by a variety of names (and have differing numbers). Long standing practice, reinforced and modified by several U.S. Supreme Court decisions, require the equalization of populations of constituencies after each decennial census, a process known as redistricting.
When driven by partisan bodies, this process opens up the possibility of gerrymandering for political or factional advantage. Gerrymandering cannot be used to the disadvantage of any specific racial group (e.g., placing a predominantly African-American community in several districts to dilute the vote would be unconstitutional), but is perfectly legal to dilute the voting strength of the opposing party.
The lowest-level electoral districts within the U.S. are known as precincts.
Others.
Most of the rest of the Commonwealth of Nations also use constituencies as electoral divisions. For details of constituencies in these and other places see:

</doc>
<doc id="19265335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265335" title="Lake Leake, Tasmania">
Lake Leake, Tasmania

Lake Leake is the name of both a lake and a small township (Australian Postcode 7210) in the eastern midlands of Tasmania. The lake can hold 22.076 gigaliters of water. The lake was named after Charles Henry Leake a member of the Tasmanian Legislative Council. At the 2006 census, Lake Leake had a population of 176.
The lake is used for recreational fishing, for brook trout, brown trout and rainbow trout.
The village is built on land owned by the Northern Midlands Council. Inhabitants must purchase a license to have a building there are restricted in the number of days per year they can live there. The main purpose is to accommodate recreational anglers. 
Water flowing out from the lake has an electrical conductivity of 56 μS/cm.
Rawlinna is a locality located between the south side of the lake and Lake Yaleena, another water impoundment. Lake Yaleena is a privately built dammed lake, specifically for fishing. It is a business that includes accommodation in cabins. 
History.
The lake was constructed after a long debate. A five meter high dam was finished in 1884. The initial capacity was 19.9 Mm3 and an area of 6 km2. In 1971 the spillway highest point was raised by 18 cm to increase storage capacity. Water is released for irrigation and also stored to maintain a fishing facility. Lake Leake has always been at least half full.
References.
- Charles Henry Leake and family letters and journals

</doc>
<doc id="19265343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265343" title="Porcupine River (British Columbia)">
Porcupine River (British Columbia)

The Porcupine River is a left tributary of the Stikine River in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, entering that stream south of the confluence of the Anuk River and above the confluence of the Iskut.

</doc>
<doc id="19265354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265354" title="Andrés Lewin-Richter Ossiander">
Andrés Lewin-Richter Ossiander

Born in Miranda de Ebro, Spain in 1937, Andrés Lewin-Richter Ossiander began his studies in engineering at Polytechnic University of Catalonia in 1955. Seven years later, he received a Fulbright Fellowship to continue his studies at Columbia University in New York to study with Vladimir Ussachevsky, Mario Davidovsky and Edgar Varese. While there, he worked as a teaching assistant in the Columbia Princeton Electronic Music Center and composed music for the film “The Gondola Eye” by Ian Hugo and as a sound engineer at the Alwin Nikolais Dance Company. 
In 1966 Lewin-Richter founded the "Estudio de Música Electrónica del Conservatorio de Música" in Mexico City.
In 1968, he returned to Spain and established the Barcelona Electronic Music Studio. He then widened his scope by becoming a founding member -together with Josep Mestres Quadreny and Lluís Callejo- and vice-president of the Phonos Electronic Music Studio in 1973. He has served as artistic and executive director for the music ensemble "Conjunt Català de Música Contemporània" (1968-1973). 
Always centering on electronic methods, his work has used tape, other instruments combined with tape, and instrumental collage techniques. Many of his pieces also use voice in a prominent role and have been used for dance, theater and cinema. Two of his most influential recordings are Musica Electroacustica and Secuencia III Para Anna, both issued on the Hemisferio label. Rich notes, "His skillful use of gradual phase lag has led to some of his major achievements, bringing great beauty and expressiveness to his music." He has toured the world performing, lecturing, teaching and beginning electronic music studios. Since 2003, Lewin-Richter has been a professor of electronic music history at the Universitat Pompeu Fabra and the Escola Superior de Música de Catalunya de Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="19265371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265371" title="The Relugas Compact">
The Relugas Compact

The Relugas Compact was the name given to the political plot hatched between H. H. Asquith, Sir Edward Grey and R B Haldane to remove Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman from the leadership of the Liberal Party in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom in 1905.
Why Relugas?
The name Relugas Compact comes from the meeting between Asquith, Grey and Haldane in September 1905. Asquith had taken a country house in Glen of Rothes in Moray. Grey had a fishing lodge at the village of Relugas about 15 miles away and the three met there to discuss the political situation. It was here they concluded their plan to kick Campbell-Bannerman upstairs to the Lords and render him at best “a dummy prime minister” while Asquith would hold the real power as Leader in the Commons and indulged in making the next Liberal Cabinet in their own image. As Haldane put it in his autobiography, “What we thus resolved on we used afterwards at times to speak of among ourselves as the ‘Relugas Compact’.
Political background.
By the autumn of 1905 it was clear that the Conservative government of Prime Minister Arthur Balfour was weary of office and deeply unpopular. Even the government itself had more or less given up any hope it could win the next election, and it seemed inevitable that the first Liberal administration for ten years would soon be formed. Against this rosy backdrop and anticipating soon being in the Cabinet, Asquith, Grey and Haldane agreed that they would refuse to serve under Campbell-Bannerman’s leadership unless he gave up his seat in the Commons and went to the House of Lords. One probable aim of the Relugas plotters was to obtain a senior role in the Cabinet for Liberal former Prime Minister Lord Rosebery, perhaps even as Prime Minister again or as Foreign Secretary. However this objective is disputed, and it does not appear that Rosebery was ever informed by the Relugas three that they had reached their compact, let alone what the details were. The main objectives of the plotters were to secure Cabinet places for Asquith as Leader of the Commons and Chancellor of the Exchequer, with Grey as Foreign Secretary or Colonial Secretary and Haldane as Lord Chancellor.
Liberal Imperialists and the Liberal League.
Asquith, Grey, Haldane and Rosebery were leading members of the Liberal Imperialists, a centrist faction within the Liberal Party in the late Victorian and Edwardian period. The Liberal Imperialists were in favour of a more positive attitude towards the development of the British Empire and Imperialism, ending the primacy of the party’s commitment to Irish Home Rule. In domestic affairs they advocated the concept of ‘national efficiency.’ This policy was never definitively set out, but the implication in the speeches of its leading lights was that the Liberal Party in government should take action to improve the social conditions, the education and welfare of the population, as well as to reform aspects of the administration of government so as to maintain British economic, industrial and military competitiveness. 
Asquith and Grey were also tied to Rosebery through the Liberal League, a group set up in 1902 by Lord Rosebery and of which Asquith and Grey were vice-presidents. The membership of the Liberal League was eclectic however: according to H. C. G. Matthew it included “Liberal Imperialist MPs, a number of Fabians, Liberal landowners, imperialistically minded journalists and nonconformist ministers”. The Liberal League, which was a successor organisation to the Liberal Imperialist Council, had as its aim the promotion of Liberal Imperialism and the policy of the ‘clean slate’. In a speech at Chesterfield in 1901. Lord Rosebery had told the Liberal Party that, after successive general elections defeats, being out of office for six years and more to come, it had to wipe clean its slate and to write upon it something of relevance for the present and not hark back to old policies. He was of course referring mainly to Irish Home Rule but urged the adoption of the policy of ‘national efficiency’. The split between Rosebery and Campbell-Bannerman raised the possibility of the creation of a separate party of Liberal Imperialists led by Rosebery, based on the membership of the Liberal League but the ending of the Boer War in 1902 took a lot of the sting out of the opposition between the Liberal Imperialists and the mainstream of the party, although Rosebery himself never found it possible to reconcile himself to Campbell-Bannerman’s leadership. The Liberal League was eventually wound up in 1910.
Policy or personal ambition?
While it is true that the Relugas plotters, especially Haldane, had reservations about the suitability of Campbell-Bannerman as the right man to lead the Liberal Party in a programme of social, welfare and administrative reforms, there remains a doubt whether the Relugas Compact was really about the primacy of policy or whether it was more about the personal ambitions of the players. While the decline of the Conservative government in 1905 certainly gave the conspirators some added impetus, it is clear there had been a degree of forward planning by Asquith and Grey – although how much is difficult to disentangle from the normal intrigue and jostling for place that is inherent in politics. In January 1904, David Lloyd George had a meeting with Grey at his home at Fallodon in Northumberland to talk about prospects for a forthcoming Liberal government. At that time Grey proposed Rosebery or Earl Spencer for Prime Minister with Asquith Leader in the Commons. It seemed to Lloyd George however that what was important to Grey was that the Prime Minister, whether Rosebery or Spencer, should be a member of the House of Lords, ensuring that Asquith could have a free hand leading the party from the House of Commons. Anticipating the details of the Relugas Compact, Grey told Lloyd George that did not even mind if Campbell-Bannerman were to be Prime Minister so long as he could be persuaded to go to the Lords. As Lloyd George’s biographer points out, the agreement at Relugas accorded almost exactly with what LG had picked up at the beginning of the year before. Rosebery’s claim to the leadership could be ditched so long as Campbell-Bannerman would agree to go to the Lords and the Liberal Imperialists and Liberal Leaguers would have secured three great offices of state for Asquith, Grey and Haldane with Asquith firmly in control in the Commons.
Lord Rosebery.
However indirect or unknown, Rosebery’s role in the Relugas conspiracy soon began to unravel. Asquith, Grey and Haldane certainly saw an opportunity in late 1905 to end Rosebery’s isolation, to bring him and Liberal Imperialist ideas back to the centre of politics, hoping at the same time that their programme would further damage the Conservative government. But Rosebery was not a reliable ally. He attacked Campbell-Bannerman too aggressively and publicly and in a series of speeches in Cornwall and in particular in his address at Bodmin on 25 November he made a strong protest at CB’s willingness as party leader to see progressive social and education reform subordinated to Irish Home Rule, which he saw as impractical, and ruled himself out of ever joining a Liberal administration with such priorities.
The failure of Grey’s ultimatum.
Grey, however, having been the most lukewarm of the triumvirate of plotters in September actually did have the courage to face up to Campbell-Bannerman, although he had the advantage of being the least desirous of the three plotters for government office. Grey told Campbell-Bannerman he would not serve in his Cabinet unless CB agreed to go to the House of Lords. This confrontation only seems to have strengthened Campbell-Bannerman’s resolve to stay on. If he had not seen it before, he now began to realise that this move against him was more widely supported than some tactic of Haldane’s alone. Campbell-Bannerman would not back down. He accepted the King’s invitation to form a government on 5 December 1905 and resisted further pressure on him to stand down from the Commons from Asquith and from others, including the King. In fact Edward VII had been kept in touch with the plans of the Relugas plotters through his private secretary Francis Knollys with whom Haldane had been corresponding. Haldane recorded in his autobiography that Asquith thought he was closest to the court because he had been working with the King and his staff in connection with London University and Grey agreed. It is not clear if this was a genuine attempt to gain the most direct access to the King, or if Asquith and Grey were just getting Haldane to do the dirty work.
The Relugas plotters cave in.
Asquith accepted Campbell-Bannerman’s offer to become Chancellor of the Exchequer. Grey (despite his ultimatum not to serve) agreed to become Foreign Secretary and so at least achieved that objective of the Relugas Compact. Haldane was also brought into the Cabinet, not as Lord Chancellor however but as Secretary of State for War. On 16 December 1905 Campbell-Bannerman announced a dissolution of Parliament and called a general election for January 1906. The coming of the general election and the forced unity this would bring to members of the Liberal Party meant the Relugas plotters were in no further position to intrigue against Campbell-Bannerman. The melting away of the conspiracy has earned for the Relugas Compact the description of "one of the most delicious comedies in British political history."
Conclusion.
The irony of the failure of the Relugas Compact is that Campbell-Bannerman did in fact entertain some doubts about becoming Prime Minister and becoming Liberal leader from the Lords might have made life more bearable for him. He had not been in the strongest of health and must have accepted the truth in Asquith’s comment to him that combining the roles of Leader of the Commons and Prime Minister represented an arduous burden. He might also have felt some desire to respond to the King’s plea to him to consider his personal health. In addition, he did apparently have some reservations about his own ability to face Balfour from the Treasury Benches. During his first year in office the health of his wife Charlotte deteriorated and she died on 30 August 1906. It is doubtful CB ever properly recovered from this shock mentally or physically. He suffered a series of heart attacks over the following months, the last one in late November 1907. It affected him badly and he was forced to resign on 4 April 1908 and died on 22 April at No. 10 Downing Street. 
Asquith succeeded him as Prime Minister and retained the services of Grey as Foreign Secretary and Haldane as War Secretary. He went on to lead one of the most successful reforming governments of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19265374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265374" title="Pyramid Mountain (Clallam County, Washington)">
Pyramid Mountain (Clallam County, Washington)

Pyramid Mountain is located high above Lake Crescent's north shore. Once known as Sugarloaf Mountain, it received its present name in 1928. It contains the ruins of an old fire lookout at the summit. It dominates the view from Barnes Point and Lake Crescent Lodge. It is accessible by trail from the Spruce Railroad Trail. On a clear day, Mount Baker is visible in the Cascade Range across the Puget Sound.
From the summit, it is easy to see the landslide that blocked Indian Creek and dammed Lake Crescent. Below the landslide is Lake Sutherland and the Indian Creek valley down to the Elwha River.

</doc>
<doc id="19265380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265380" title="Takasu Station">
Takasu Station

Takasu Station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19265389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265389" title="Wolf Creek Shooting Complex">
Wolf Creek Shooting Complex

The Wolf Creek Shooting Complex, now known as the Tom Lowe Shooting Grounds, is a shooting range located southwest of Atlanta, Georgia, United States, in Fulton County. During the 1996 Summer Olympics, it hosted the shooting event. Until 2002, it was also often used for ISSF World Cup competitions in rifle and pistol events, although such competitions, when held in the United States, have now reverted to being carried out at Fort Benning.
The venue is now owned by the Parks & Recreation Department of Fulton County.
It has 20 trap and skeet shooting combination fields, and nine lighted areas.
The facility has been host to several NSSA State and Zone skeet tournaments.
The range is also home to recreational shooting leagues such as the Atlanta Skeet and Trap League.

</doc>
<doc id="19265401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265401" title="Electoral history of Ron Paul">
Electoral history of Ron Paul

Electoral history of Ron Paul, Republican U.S. Representative from Texas (1976-1977, 1979-1985, 1997-2013), 1988 Libertarian Party Presidential nominee and candidate for the 2008 and 2012 Republican presidential nomination.
House and Senate races (1974-1984).
Texas's 22nd congressional district, 1974:
Texas's 22nd congressional district, 1976 (special election):
Texas's 22nd congressional district, 1976 (special election runoff):
Texas's 22nd congressional district, 1976:
Texas's 22nd congressional district, 1978:
Texas's 22nd congressional district, 1980:
Texas's 22nd congressional district, 1982:
Republican primary for the United States Senate from Texas, 1984:
1988 presidential election.
1987 Libertarian National Convention:
1988 North Dakota Libertarian presidential primary:
United States presidential election, 1988:
House races (from 1996).
Texas's 14th congressional district, 1996 (Republican primary):
Texas's 14th congressional district, 1996 (Republican primary runoff):
Texas's 14th congressional district, 1996:
Texas's 14th congressional district, 1998:
Texas's 14th congressional district, 2000:
Texas's 14th congressional district, 2002:
Texas's 14th congressional district, 2004:
Texas's 14th congressional district, 2006 (Republican primary):
Texas's 14th congressional district, 2006:
Texas's 14th congressional district, 2008 (Republican primary):
Texas's 14th congressional district, 2008:
Texas's 14th congressional district, 2010
2008 presidential election.
Iowa Republican straw poll, 2008:
Republican New Hampshire Vice Presidential primary, 2008:
Liberty Union Party presidential primary, 2008:
Constitution Party presidential primaries, 2008:
Minnesota Independence Party presidential caucus, 2008:
2008 Libertarian National Convention (Presidential tally):
First ballot:
Second ballot:
Third ballot:
Sixth ballot:
Republican presidential primaries, 2008:
2008 Republican National Convention (Presidential tally):
United States presidential election, 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="19265421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265421" title="Åkeshov metro station">
Åkeshov metro station

Åkeshov is a station in the Stockholm metro. The station was opened in 1952, and this is the final stop on Line 17 of the Green Line.
As part of "Art in the Stockholm metro" project, the station features a bronze sculpture in the ticket hall symbolizing non-violence, and was created by Carl Fredrik Reuterswärd in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19265430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265430" title="Abraham Petros I Ardzivian">
Abraham Petros I Ardzivian

Abraham Petros I Ardzivian (in Armenian Աբրահամ Պետրոս Ա. Արծիւեան ) was an Armenian Catholic Patriarchs of Cilicia. In 1738, the Armenian Catholics of Aleppo obtained a church and brought a license to return Ardzivian to Aleppo in 1739. They decided to have an independent patriarchate with their bishop, who arriving to Aleppo, by the help of Greek Catholic bishops, ordained bishop his vicar Hagop and two other clergymen. They, in their turn, consecrated him patriarch on November 26, 1740.
To ratify the patriarchal election, Ardzivian went to Rome, to present himself to Pope Benedict XIV. The meeting of Cardinals on November 26, 1742 ratified Ardzivian's patriarchate and on December 8, the Pope Benedict XIV granted him the Pallium.
The patriarchate founded by Ardzivian, being ratified according to the clerical rule and illegal according to the Ottoman rule, was the object of permanent governmental pursuits. In spite of European embassies' interventions, in the aim of getting a sovereignty, Ardzivian was obliged to resign in order to go to Constantinople, so he returned from Rome to the convent of Kreim. Being expelled somewhere on Lebanon mountains, accompanying him six bishops and 22 St-Antoine's Armenian Monks only.

</doc>
<doc id="19265438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265438" title="Content Management Interoperability Services">
Content Management Interoperability Services

Content Management Interoperability Services (CMIS) is an open standard that allows different content management systems to inter-operate over the Internet. Specifically, CMIS defines an abstraction layer for controlling diverse document management systems and repositories using web protocols.
CMIS defines a domain model plus bindings that can be used by applications. OASIS, a web standards consortium, approved CMIS as an OASIS Specification on May 1, 2010. CMIS 1.1 has been approved as an OASIS specification on December 12, 2012.
CMIS provides a common data model covering typed files and folders with generic properties that can be set or read. There is a set of services for adding and retrieving documents ('objects'). There may be an access control system, a checkout and version control facility, and the ability to define generic relations. Three protocol bindings are defined, one using WSDL and SOAP, another using AtomPub, and a last browser-friendly one using JSON. The model is based on common architectures of document management systems.
Although initiated by AIIM, CMIS is now administered by the OASIS standards body. Participants in the process include Adobe Systems Incorporated, Alfresco, EMC, eXo, FatWire, HP, IBM, ISIS Papyrus, Liferay, Microsoft, Nuxeo, Open Text, Oracle, Newgen OmniDocs and SAP. The standard is available for public comment at OASIS.
Specification progress and Technical Committee members.
The specification is currently approved as OASIS CMIS v1.1 standard.
There are public discussion lists.
The Technical Committee (TC) includes the following organizations:
Adobe Systems Incorporated, AIIM, Alfresco Software, ASG Software Solutions, Booz Allen Hamilton, Content Technologies, dotCMS, Ektron, EMC Corporation, Entropysoft, Exalead, Inc., FatWire, Fidelity Investments, GX Software, HP, IBM, ISIS Papyrus, Microsoft Corporation, Nuxeo, Open Text Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Quark, Pearson PLC, SAP AG, Sun Microsystems, Wells Fargo, WeWebU Software AG and Zia Consulting.
Benefits.
The CMIS specification provides a Web services interface that:
Historical notes.
The initial work of developing the momentum and use cases that led to the CMIS proposal was conducted by the iECM Initiative
sponsored by AIIM. This ongoing project to foster interoperability among ECM systems is supported by the collaborative efforts of governmental, commercial, vendor, and consulting organizations.
List of CMIS books and publications.
CMIS and Apache Chemistry in Action. Covers the entire spectrum of CMIS server and client development with Apache Chemistry including Java, Groovy, Python, PHP, JavaScript, C#, and Objective-C. Covers CMIS 1.0 and 1.1.
List of implementations.
CMIS Servers.
A CMIS server stores content, and offers access via the CMIS protocol. Some servers also allow access via other protocols.
Server libraries.
A CMIS server library allows developers to create CMIS server applications.
Client applications.
A CMIS client application typically allows users to browse, read and modify content.

</doc>
<doc id="19265443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265443" title="Live in the Living Room">
Live in the Living Room

Live in the Living Room is a live album by folk-singer John Craigie. It is John's first live album, and features many of the famed aspects of his live show including "Too Much Dylan", his famous "Water into Wine" bit, and the definitive version of his "baseball story". It was recorded at a house concert in Northern California, in December 2007. 
It was released on iTunes on November 11, 2008. It is rumored to have a hard copy release in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19265466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265466" title="70 Años Peerless Una Historia Musical">
70 Años Peerless Una Historia Musical

70 Años Peerless Una Historia Musical is the fourth Hits album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro, It was released in 2003 By Peerless Records, celebrating their 70th anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="19265475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265475" title="1999 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles">
1999 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles

Jacco Eltingh and Paul Haarhuis were the defending champions, but Eltingh retired from the sport on November 22, 1998, and only Haarhuis competed that year.
Haarhuis partnered with Patrick Galbraith, but lost in the first round to Neil Broad and Peter Tramacchi.
David Adams and John-Laffnie de Jager won in the final 6–7(5), 6–3, 6–4, against Neil Broad and Peter Tramacchi.

</doc>
<doc id="19265477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265477" title="Ideami">
Ideami

Ideami Studios is an art fusion studio founded in Spain with exhibitions of work undertaken globally. It produces artwork, film, photography, web developments and music led by accomplished Spanish Artist Javier Ideami.
Awards.
Ideami has received numerous awards in different creative disciplines throughout the years, some recent examples are:

</doc>
<doc id="19265508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265508" title="Van Schaik">
Van Schaik

van Schaik or vanSchaik is a Dutch surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19265552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265552" title="Frans Brouw">
Frans Brouw

Florent Robert Frans Brouw (born in Veurne, 31 January 1929) is a Belgian pianist. He is a Canadian citizen since 1975.
He finished his studies in Brussels' Royal Conservatory in 1952, taking part immediately after in the resumed Queen Elisabeth Music Competition, where he was awarded the 4th prize. An intense concert career ensued throughout the 50s. Brouw taught in the Ghent Conservatory for a few years before settling in Quebec City in 1964. He is an Honoured Citizen of Veurne.
Brouw is the dedicatee of Jean Absil's Trois Pieces de Piano (pour la main droite seule) Op. 32

</doc>
<doc id="19265565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265565" title="Don Eaddy">
Don Eaddy

Donald Johnson Eaddy (February 16, 1934 – July 9, 2008) was an American baseball, football, and basketball player. He played Major League Baseball for the Chicago Cubs in 1959. He played college baseball, football, and basketball at the University of Michigan from 1951 to 1955. He was an All-American in baseball and an All-Big Ten Conference selection in basketball. 
Early years.
Eaddy was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan in 1934. He graduated from Ottawa Hill High School.
University of Michigan.
Eaddy attended the University of Michigan from 1951 to 1955. He was a three-sport athlete at Michigan, competing in baseball, basketball and football.
In football, Eaddy played at the halfback position in 1951. He appeared in three games for Michigan during the 1951 season, completing a pass against Michigan State for a 23 -yard gain. He carried the ball nine times for the Wolverines for -49 net yards resulting from plays in which he was sacked. (The halfback was the player with principal passing responsibility in the Michigan offense of the late 1940s and early 1950s.) Eaddy dropped football after his freshman year. He later recalled: "First of all, I was too small to mess around with those big fellows, being a 160-pound halfback. And, secondly, I preferred to concentrate on baseball and basketball."
In basketball, he played at the guard position and was selected as an All-Big Ten Conference player.
In baseball, Eaddy was a third baseman and was selected as an All-American in 1955. He helped lead the Michigan Wolverines baseball team to the NCAA baseball championship in 1952. In 1955, he compiled a .353 batting average in Big Ten play and led the conference with 11 stolen bases in 15 games.
After receiving his bachelor's degree, Eaddy returned to Michigan in the fall of 1955 to pursue a master's degree in education.
Professional baseball.
After graduating from Michigan, Eaddy signed to play professional baseball with the Chicago Cubs. He explained his choice as follows: "I thought I would have a better chance to reach the major leagues sooner with them, because they are not loaded with material." 
Eaddy played in the minor leagues for Burlington Bees in the Illinois-Indiana-Iowa League in 1955. He compiled a .304 batting average in 32 games with three doubles and three triples. In a March 1956 feature story about Eaddy in "The Sporting News", Chicago coach Ray Blades predicted great things for Eaddy:"I've seen him for only a couple of weeks now and I know that he has less than a years's experience in professional ball. However, I can promise you at this early stage of his career that this young fellow is destined to be a big leaguer. He just can't miss."
Blades added that Eaddy was already "a big leaguer on defense," and the only question was with his hitting. Eaddy was assigned to the Des Moines Bruins in the Western League in 1956. In 41 games with Des Moines, he hit .390.
After a fast start with Des Moines in 1956, Eaddy's career was interrupted when he was drafted to serve in the United States Air Force. He missed the most of the 1956 season and the entire 1957 and 1958 seasons to military service.
After completing his military service, Eaddy returned to the Chicago Cubs organization. He made his major league debut with the Cubs as a pinch runner on April 24, 1959, and appeared in 15 games during the 1959 season. He was used principally as a pinch runner, and his only appearance as a position player in the major leagues was on August 1, 1959, as a third baseman. He replaced Art Schult in the bottom of the fifth inning, committed an error in the bottom of the sixth that allowed a run to score, and struck out in the top of the seventh inning. Despite striking out in his only at bat, he scored three runs for the Cubs.
Eaddy spent most of the 1959 season playing in the minor leagues for the Lancaster Red Roses of the Eastern League and the Fort Worth Cats of the American Association. Eaddy continued to play minor league baseball for another five years, but did not return to the major leagues. He had his best minor league season in 1960 at Lancaster, batting .304 in 457 plate appearances with a .425 on-base percentage, 17 doubles, eight triples, eight home runs, 33 RBIs and nine stolen bases.
Eaddy also played in Cuba during the winter of 1960 for the Cienfuegos. He led the Cuban league in bases on balls and helped lead the Cienfuegos to the 1960 Caribbean Series title.
Later years.
After retiring from baseball, Eaddy became a franchisee for the Burger King restaurant chain. He was inducted into the Grand Rapids Sports Hall of Fame in 1996. In July 2008, he died of cancer in Laconia, New Hampshire at age 74.

</doc>
<doc id="19265595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265595" title="Akalla metro station">
Akalla metro station

Akalla is a station in the Stockholm metro in the Akalla district of Stockholm. The station was opened in 1977, and this is the final stop on Line 11 of the Blue Line. 
As part of "Art in the Stockholm metro" project, the station features an ochre colored grotto. The work includes ceramic pictures
illustrating the ideals, daily life, leisure and work of all people, created by Birgit Ståhl-Nyberg in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19265618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265618" title="Al-Shajara">
Al-Shajara

al-Shajara () was a Palestinian Arab village depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. It was located 14 kilometers west of Tiberias on the main highway to Nazareth near the villages of Lubya and Hittin. 
The village was the fourth largest by area in Tiberias district. Its economy was based on agriculture. In 1944/45 it had 2,102 dunams (505 acres) planted with cereals and 544 dunams (136 acres) either irrigated or fig and olive orchards.
Al-Shajara was the home village of the cartoonist Naji al-Ali.
History.
The Crusaders referred to al-Shajara by "Seiera". The Arabic name of the village "ash-Shajara" translates as "the Tree".
In 1596, al-Shajara was part of the Ottoman Empire, "nahiya" (subdistrict) of Tiberias under the "liwa"' (district) of Safad with a population of 60 Muslim families and 12 Muslim bachelors. It paid taxes to the Ottoman government on a number of crops, including wheat, barley, olives, fruits and cotton. Taxes was also paid goats, beehives, orchards, and a press that was used either for processing olives or grapes.
A party of French cavalry was apparently stationed in the village during Napoleon's campaign of 1799. Johann Ludwig Burckhardt, a Swiss traveler to Palestine who passed through the area around 1812, noted that the plain around the village was covered with wild artichoke, while William McClure Thomson said that al-Shajara (Sejera) was one of several villages in the area which was surrounded by gigantic hedges of cactus. He also noted the great oak woods in the vicinity.
Mr Schumacher found old graves and other antiquities when he explored the area in the 1880s. In the late nineteenth century, the village of al-Shajara was a stone-built village and had about 150 residents. The village was surrounded by arable land on which there were fig and olive trees, and there was a spring to the south.
In 1907, the residents of the nearby Jewish settlement of Sejera occupied village farmlands after buying it from the Sursock family, this triggered attacks from al-Shajara residents. 
In 1931, the population was recorded as 559 Muslims and 28 Christians, which had increased to 770 when the last estimate was made in 1945. In 1944/45 the village had 2,102 dunams of land used for cereals, and 544 dunams irrigated or used for orchards.
1948, and aftermath.
During the 1948 War, the Arab Liberation Army defending al-Shajara battled Israeli forces in the village in early March. It was captured by Israel on May 6, 1948 by the 12th Battalion, Golani Brigade — the entire population fled leaving twenty dead.
The Palestinian historian Walid Khalidi described the place in 1992: "The ruins of houses and broken steel bars protrude from beds of wild vegetation. One side of an arched doorway still stands. The western part of the site and the nearby hill are covered with cactus. Cattle barns belonging to the nearby settlement of Ilaniyya stand on the southern and eastern sides of the site. On the northern edge is a wide, deep well with a spiral stairway inside (used for periodic cleaning and maintenance of the well). Fig, doum-palm, and chinaberry trees grow in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19265623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265623" title="USS Richland (AK-207)">
USS Richland (AK-207)

USS "Richland" (AK-207) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. She served with distinction in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations and returned home in 1946 to be placed into the "mothball" fleet where she silently remained until scrapped in 1971.
Built in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin.
The first ship to be so named by the navy, "Richland" (AK-207) built under U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 2161) was laid down 15 January 1944 by Leathem D. Smith Shipbuilding Co., Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin; launched 5 August 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Warren G. Brown; acquired from the Maritime Commission on a loan-charter basis 17 April 1945 at Port Houston Iron Works, Texas, where she was converted for Navy use and commissioned 22 April 1945, Lt. Isaac Hills III, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
Following shakedown in the Gulf of Mexico, "Richland" transited the Panama Canal and reported to the U.S. Pacific Fleet for duty 10 June 1945. She arrived in Leyte Gulf 17 July and operated on cargo hauls in Philippine Islands waters until steaming for the United States 9 November.
Post-war inactivation.
"Richland" transited the Panama Canal 16 December 1945 and proceeded to Norfolk, Virginia. She then continued to Mobile, Alabama, where she decommissioned 23 January 1946. She was struck from the Navy List 7 February 1946, redelivered to the U.S. Maritime Commission and placed in the Naval Defense Reserve Fleet. She was berthed at Mobile, Alabama, through the first half of 1971 and subsequently scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="19265655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265655" title="Francis Miles Finch">
Francis Miles Finch

Francis Miles Finch (June 9, 1827–July 31, 1907) was an American judge, poet, and academic associated with the early years of Cornell University. One of his poems, "The Blue and the Gray", is frequently reprinted to this day.
Biography.
Francis Miles Finch was born in on June 9, 1827, in Ithaca, New York. He was educated at Yale University, where, according to a contemporary, he was a "thoughtful scholar in the class-room, a prizeman in the essay competitions, an influential editor of the Yale Lit an impressive speaker in the Linonian Society, hail-fellow-well-met on the campus, sedate, impulsive, big-hearted, wise, witty, everywhere he was the ideal collegian." Because of his achievements, he became a member of Skull and Bones. Having been graduated in 1849, he returned to Ithaca, became a lawyer, and speedily distinguished himself in his profession. He soon became as a speaker in the political campaigns which preceded and followed the Civil War.
He was a friend of Ezra Cornell and Andrew Dickson White, and at the organization of Cornell University, he became warmly interested in the institution, was one of its trustees, and its counsel and friendly adviser through its early troubles. As Secretary of the Board of Trustees, Finch was left in charge when both Cornell and White were travelling out of town. He also lent the university his literary skills, as a contemporary relates: "His indignation at the attacks upon Mr. Cornell by the enemies of the university aroused him to fight strenuously and successfully in the courts, in the press, and in public meetings, while the music of the university chime, heard at dawn, noon, and nightfall above the ripple or roar of the adjacent waters, inspired him to write songs which have been sung by Cornell students from their first arrival forty years ago until the present hour." 
Early in Ulysses S. Grant's first presidential term (circa 1870) he was appointed collector of internal revenue for the Twenty-sixth District, New York, which office he resigned after holding it for four years. 
In May 1880, he was appointed a judge of the New York Court of Appeals to fill the vacancy caused by the appointment of Charles J. Folger as Chief Judge. In January 1881, he was re-appointed to fill the vacancy that continued after Folger's election as Chief Judge in November 1880. In November 1881, Finch was elected to a full fourteen-year term, and remained in office until December 31, 1895. He lectured at the Cornell's School of Law from 1887 onwards, and on the death of Hon. Douglass Boardman in the year 1891, was unanimously elected as dean of the Law School.
Fitch wrote poetry throughout his life, but declined a chair in rhetoric literature at Cornell, thinking his poetry was "only incidents along the line of a busy and laborious life." Perhaps his best known poem, "The Blue and the Gray", written in remembrance of the dead of the American Civil War, was inspired by a women's memorial association in Columbus, Mississippi, who on April 25, 1866 tended the graves of Confederate and Union soldiers, treating the dead as equals despite the lingering rancor of the war.
Francis Finch was married May 25, 1853 to Elizabeth A. Brook, who died on March 28, 1892. They had three children: a son, Robert Brooke, and two daughters, Mary Sibley and Helen Elizabeth. He died in 1907, and a collection of his poems, "The Blue and the Gray, and other verses", was published by friends two years posthumously in 1909 (see 1909 in poetry).

</doc>
<doc id="19265661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265661" title="Inext">
Inext

inext is a tabloid bilingual daily newspaper published in India. It is published by the Jagran Prakshan Ltd., which also publishes the "Dainik Jagran".
"inext" is 24-28 pages long, and is focused towards the youth market.
It is simultaneously published in 12 cities - Agra, Allahabad, Bareilly, Dehradun, Gorakhpur, Jamshedpur, Kanpur, Lucknow, Meerut, Patna, Ranchi and Varanasi from 4 states Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Bihar and Jharkhand of India. Mr. Alok Sanwal heads "inext" as Project head and Editor.
"inext" events.
Bikeathon - Hercules Inext Bikeathon, after enthralling bikers across North India over the past two years, has successfully launched and completed its 3rd Season on 19 September 2010. Star News was the media partner of this mega event.
The mini bicycling marathon set the streets afire across 4 states in the 12 cities of Kanpur, Lucknow, Agra, Allahabad, Dehradun, Meerut, Varanasi, Bareilly, Gorakhpur, Patna, Jamshedpur and Ranchi on Sunday morning. Those who attended this mega cycling rally found themselves part of a strong crowd cheering for fun, freedom and fitness. Inext is known for connecting with its readers in the most unique of ways and Bikeathon is the biggest, most popular of these. 
Last year over 20,000 bikers had participated in this event and pledged to take up cycling for good health. This year the number more than just doubled itself with Bikeathon attaining cult status in the 12 Inext cities.
Health Meter - Health Meter is an Inext property targeted at children and young parents of the 12 mini-metros where Inext is present. In the mini-metros, school going kids have low awareness on issues of health and hygiene because of lifestyle issues and pressure of studies, unhygienic surroundings and pollution, casual approach towards their health and lack of regular health check-up facilities. Since a large chunk of its readers are themselves young parents, Inext decided to cater to their concerns through the health education programme of Health Meter. Through this activation, Inext ties up with schools and gives the children there basic health check-up.
Awards and honours.
WAN-IFRA, the apex body of all print products around the world has awarded i-next the top prize in ‘Brand’ category of the ‘Young Reader’ awards for its school-level activation, Health Meter. The awards were presented at the 12th WAN-IFRA Readership Conference, on 16 November 2010 in San Francisco to a packed house of the best minds of the print and publishing industry worldwide. Devesh Gupta, Director, Jagran Prakashan Ltd., accompanied by Alok Sanwal, Project Head, Inext, received the prize amid great applause at the Hotel Nikko in San Francisco.
The jury, consisting of members from Panama, South Africa, Brazil, Ghana, Poland, Spain and Australia, commended Health Meter in the following words:
Health Meter is an Inext property targeted at children and young parents of the 12 mini-metros where Inext is present. In the mini-metros, school going kids have low awareness on issues of health and hygiene because of lifestyle issues and pressure of studies, unhygienic surroundings and pollution, casual approach towards their health and lack of regular health check-up facilities. Since a large chunk of its readers are themselves young parents, Inext decided to cater to their concerns through the health education programme of Health Meter.
For this activity in 2009, Inext tied up with schools and the Indian Medical Association in each of the cities to conduct health check-ups of school-going children. A whopping 54,000 children were treated under this campaign across 9 cities. Not only did this activity address a very tangible concern it also established an unforgettable connection with the target group and many were touched by the idea of promoting children’s health.
Earlier in the year (2010) i-next received a Silver News Innovation Award in 'news-gathering' category by AFAQs.

</doc>
<doc id="19265665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265665" title="Lady Christian Norah Dawson-Damer">
Lady Christian Norah Dawson-Damer

Lady Christian Norah Dawson-Damer (7 August 1890 - 29 March 1959) was the sister-in-law of Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother.
She was the daughter of the 5th Earl of Portarlington, Lionel Dawson-Damer, and Emma Kennedy. She married for the first time to Captain the Hon. Fergus Bowes-Lyon, son of Claude Bowes-Lyon, 14th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and his wife Cecilie "née" Cavendish-Bentinck on 17 September 1914. 
They had one child born shortly before Bowes-Lyon's death in the First World War:
After Fergus's death she remarried to Captain William Frederick Martin, son of Charles William Wall Martin, on 4 June 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="19265670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265670" title="Centrifugal force">
Centrifugal force

Centrifugal force () is the apparent force that draws a rotating body away from the center of rotation. It is caused by the inertia of the body as the body's path is continually redirected. In Newtonian mechanics, the term "centrifugal force" is used to refer to one of two distinct concepts: an inertial force (also called a "fictitious" force) observed in a non-inertial reference frame, and a reaction force corresponding to a centripetal force.
The term is also sometimes used in Lagrangian mechanics to describe certain terms in the generalized force that depend on the choice of generalized coordinates.
The concept of centrifugal force is applied in rotating devices such as centrifuges, centrifugal pumps, centrifugal governors, centrifugal clutches, etc., as well as in centrifugal railways, planetary orbits, banked curves, etc. These devices and situations can be analyzed either in terms of the fictitious force in the rotating coordinate system of the motion relative to a center, or in terms of the centripetal and reactive centrifugal forces seen from a non-rotating frame of reference; these different forces are equal in magnitude, but centrifugal and reactive centrifugal forces are opposite in direction to the centripetal force.
History of conceptions of centrifugal and centripetal forces.
The conception of centrifugal force has evolved since the time of Huygens, Newton, Leibniz, and Hooke who expressed early conceptions of it. Its modern conception as a fictitious force arising in a rotating reference frame evolved in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
Centrifugal force has also played a role in debates in classical mechanics about detection of absolute motion. Newton suggested two arguments to answer the question of whether absolute rotation can be detected: the rotating bucket argument, and the rotating spheres argument. According to Newton, in each scenario the centrifugal force would be observed in the object's local frame (the frame where the object is stationary) only if the frame were rotating with respect to absolute space. Nearly two centuries later, Mach's principle was proposed where, instead of absolute rotation, the motion of the distant stars relative to the local inertial frame gives rise through some (hypothetical) physical law to the centrifugal force and other inertia effects. Today's view is based upon the idea of an inertial frame of reference, which privileges observers for which the laws of physics take on their simplest form, and in particular, frames that do not use centrifugal forces in their equations of motion in order to describe motions correctly. 
The analogy between centrifugal force (sometimes used to create artificial gravity) and gravitational forces led to the equivalence principle of general relativity.
Fictitious centrifugal force.
Centrifugal force is often confused with centripetal force. Centrifugal force is most commonly introduced as an outward force apparent in a rotating frame of reference. It is apparent (fictitious) in the sense that it is not part of an interaction but is a result of rotation — with no reaction-force counterpart. This type of force is associated with describing motion in a non-inertial reference frame, and referred to as a "fictitious" or "inertial" force (a description that must be understood as a technical usage of these words that means only that the force is not present in a stationary or inertial frame).
There are three contexts in which the concept of fictitious centrifugal force arises when describing motion using classical mechanics:
In the first context, the motion is described relative to a rotating reference frame about a fixed axis at the origin of the coordinate system. For observations made in the rotating frame, all objects appear to be under the influence of a radially outward force that is proportional to the distance from the axis of rotation and to the square of the rate of rotation (angular velocity) of the frame. 
The second context is similar, and describes the motion using an accelerated local reference frame attached to a moving body, for example, the frame of passengers in a car as it rounds a corner. In this case, rotation is again involved, this time about the center of curvature of the path of the moving body. In both these contexts, the centrifugal force is zero when the rate of rotation of the reference frame is zero, independent of the motions of objects in the frame.
The third context arises in Lagrangian mechanics, and refers to a subset of "generalized forces" that often are not equivalent to the vector forces of Newtonian mechanics. The generalized forces are called "generalized centrifugal forces" in this context (the word "generalized" is sometimes forgotten). They are related to the square of the rate of change of "generalized coordinates" (for example, polar coordinates), used in the Lagrangian formulation of mechanics. This topic is explored in more detail below.
If objects are seen as moving from a rotating frame, this movement results in another fictitious force, the Coriolis force; and if the rate of rotation of the frame is changing, a third fictitious force, the Euler force is experienced. Together, these three fictitious forces are necessary for the formulation of correct equations of motion in a rotating reference frame.
Reactive centrifugal force.
A reactive centrifugal force is the reaction force to a centripetal force. A mass undergoing curved motion, such as circular motion, constantly accelerates toward the axis of rotation. This centripetal acceleration is provided by a centripetal force, which is exerted on the mass by some other object. In accordance with Newton's third law of motion, the mass exerts an equal and opposite force on the object. This is the reactive centrifugal force. It is directed away from the center of rotation, and is exerted "by" the rotating mass "on" the object that originates the centripetal acceleration.
This conception of centrifugal force is very different from the fictitious force. As they both are given the same name, they may be easily conflated. Whereas the 'fictitious force' acts "on" the body moving in a circular path, the 'reactive force' is exerted "by" the body moving in a circular path onto some other object. The former is useful in analyzing the motion of the body in a rotating reference frame; the latter is useful for finding forces on other objects, in an inertial frame.
This reaction force is sometimes described as a "centrifugal inertial reaction",
that is, a force that is centrifugally directed, which is a reactive force equal and opposite to the centripetal force that is curving the path of the mass.
The concept of the reactive centrifugal force is sometimes used in mechanics and engineering. It is sometimes referred to as just "centrifugal force" rather than as "reactive" centrifugal force.
Fictitious "vs." reactive force.
The table below compares various facets of the "fictitious force" and "reactive force" concepts of centrifugal force
Example.
The properties of the two forces in the above Table are illustrated by an example shown in the figure. The figure shows a ball in circular motion, tied to a post by a string. The post is fixed in the ground, and the string is considered too light-weight to affect the forces. The figure is an example of a free body diagram, an "exploded" engineering depiction of the different parts with the forces on each shown separately.
The forces in the inertial frame where the ball is seen to move are shown in the left column, the co-rotating frame where the ball appears not to move is shown in the right column.
The center picture of the inertial frame (left) shows the ball rotating. This circular motion departs from a straight line because the ball is subject to the centripetal radially inward force provided by the string tension. As described in the article uniform circular motion, in the case where the speed of the ball is constant, the centripetal acceleration is:
with "a"  the acceleration, "v"  the constant speed, and "r"  the radius of the path. The force is, of course, this acceleration multiplied by the mass of the ball.
The center picture of the co-rotating frame (right) shows the ball sitting still in a rotating frame of reference. The force on the ball due to the tension in the string is balanced by the "centrifugal force" introduced by the rotation of the co-rotating frame, so when the centrifugal force is included in Newton's laws of motion there is "zero" net force upon the ball. The appearance of a centrifugal force in this non-inertial frame is indicated in the Table, and its properties agree with those in the Table.
The lower figures show the forces upon the string, which are the same in both frames: the two ends of the string are subject to equal but oppositely directed forces. At the end of the string attached to the ball, the force is the "reactive centrifugal force", the outward force exerted by the ball upon the string in reaction to the force exerted upon the ball by the tension in the string, as predicted by Newton's "action and reaction" third law of motion. As indicated in the Table, this force appears in all frames of reference, and its properties agree with those listed in the Table. This force is transmitted to the center post, where the string pulls upon the post.
At the post-end of the string, the post reacts to the pull by the string and exerts an inward directed force upon the string, labeled "post reaction". The force upon the string exerted by the post balances the outward reactive centrifugal force at the other end, resulting in zero "net"  force upon the string. However, the two forces pulling opposite ends of the string in opposite directions place the string under tension. Detection of the non-zero tension in the string alerts the observers in the co-rotating frame that they are in fact rotating, and the ball only appears to be stationary because they are turning with it. This observation was used by Newton in his rotating spheres discussion of ways to detect absolute rotation.
Use of the term in Lagrangian mechanics.
Lagrangian mechanics formulates mechanics in terms of generalized coordinates {"qk"}, which can be as simple as the usual polar coordinates formula_2 or a much more extensive list of variables. Within this formulation the motion is described in terms of "generalized forces", using in place of Newton's laws the Euler–Lagrange equations. Among the generalized forces, those involving the square of the time derivatives {(d"qk"   ⁄ "dt" )2} are sometimes called centrifugal forces.
The Lagrangian approach to polar coordinates that treats formula_2 as generalized coordinates, formula_4 as generalized velocities and formula_5 as generalized accelerations, is outlined in another article, and found in many sources.
For the particular case of single-body motion found using the generalized coordinates formula_4 in a central force, the Euler–Lagrange equations are the same equations found using Newton's second law in a co-rotating frame. For example, the radial equation is:
where formula_8 is the central force potential and "μ" is the mass of the object. The left side is a "generalized force" and the first term on the right is the "generalized centrifugal force". However, the left side is not comparable to a Newtonian force, as it does not contain the complete acceleration, and likewise, therefore, the terms on the right-hand side are "generalized forces" and cannot be interpreted as Newtonian forces.
The Lagrangian centrifugal force is derived without explicit use of a rotating frame of reference,
but in the case of motion in a central potential the result is the same as the fictitious centrifugal force derived in a co-rotating frame.
The Lagrangian use of "centrifugal force" in other, more general cases, however, has only a limited connection to the Newtonian definition.

</doc>
<doc id="19265708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265708" title="Imágenes (Verónica Castro album)">
Imágenes (Verónica Castro album)

Imágenes is the third Hits album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro, It was released in 2002.
Imágenes con frases.
Esta es la nueva sensación en las redes sociales, millones de personas comparten diariamente miles de este tipo de imágenes que consisten en colocarle frases. Estas frases pueden ser motivacionales, desmotivacionales, de amor, amistad, humor etc. Estas imágenes con frases son creadas por usuarios para luego compartirlas con sus amistades en las redes sociales como Facebook y Twitter.
Para conseguir imágenes ya creadas, existen paginas exclusivas donde se hospedan todo tipo de imágenes con frases, una de ellas es la muy conocida Kanvazo.com

</doc>
<doc id="19265718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265718" title="Marv Felderman">
Marv Felderman

Marvin Wilfred Feldman (December 20, 1915 – August 6, 2000) was a Major League Baseball player. Nicknamed "Coonie", Felderman played for Chicago Cubs in the 1942 season. He only played in three games in his one-year career, having one hit and four strike-outs in six at-bats with one walk. He also appeared in two games as a catcher where he maintained a fielding percentage of 1.000. Felderman was born in Bellevue, Iowa, and died in Riverside, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19265746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265746" title="Highest mountain peaks of California">
Highest mountain peaks of California

The following sortable table lists the 16 mountain peaks of the U.S. State of California with at least 4000 meters (13,123.4 feet) of topographic elevation and at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence.
Topographic elevation is the vertical distance above the reference geoid, a precise mathematical model of the Earth's sea level as an equipotential gravitational surface. Topographic prominence is the elevation difference between the summit and the highest or key col to a higher summit. Topographic isolation is the minimum great circle distance to a point of higher elevation.
This article defines a significant summit as a summit with at least 100 meters (328.1 feet) of topographic prominence, and a major summit as a summit with at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence. An ultra-prominent summit is a summit with at least 1500 meters (4921.3 feet) of topographic prominence.
4000 meter peaks.
Note: Compare this list with the List of California fourteeners which includes peaks with at least 4267.2 meters (14,000 feet) of elevation and at least 91.44 meters (300 feet) of topographic prominence. The five highest peaks are the same on both lists, but this list of 4000 meter peaks excludes low prominence summits like Mount Sill, and includes high prominence, although slightly lower, peaks like Mount Humphreys.

</doc>
<doc id="19265754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265754" title="Total Anarchy">
Total Anarchy

Total Anarchy is a 2006 album released by Israeli psychedelic trance artist Asher Swissa of Skazi.

</doc>
<doc id="19265782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265782" title="Dodger Point Bridge">
Dodger Point Bridge

Dodger Point Bridge is a pedestrian suspension bridge above sea level, located above the Elwha River as it exits the Grand Canyon of the Elwha just past Humes Ranch Cabin, in Washington state, USA. It can be accessed approximate from the Whiskey Bend trailhead and is the point where the Geyser Valley trail ends. From the bridge, it is an hike up to the summit of Dodger Point mountain at .

</doc>
<doc id="19265783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265783" title="2009 New York Titans season">
2009 New York Titans season

The New York Titans are a lacrosse team based in New York playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2009 season was the 3rd in franchise history.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference:
Player stats.
Reference: [http://pointstreak.com/prostats/teamplayerstats.html?teamid=55916&seasonid=3260]
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
Entry draft.
The 2008 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 7, 2008. The Titans selected the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="19265785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265785" title="A Different Breed of Killer">
A Different Breed of Killer

A Different Breed of Killer is an American deathcore band from Knoxville, Tennessee. They released their debut album, "I, Colossus", on April 29, 2008.
History.
Formed in October 2006, A Different Breed of Killer quickly made a name for themselves in the Knoxville deathcore scene. Less than a year after their formation, the band signed with Rise Records and released "I, Colossus", which received generally positive reviews. The band has toured with such bands as Whitechapel, Through the Eyes of the Dead, and Impending Doom.
Recently, A Different Breed Of Killer have announced they are preparing their second full-length to be titled The City. The album will be produced by the band's drummer Nija Walker, who has been a student of recording technologies for 8 years, and worked directly under world-renowned mastering engineer Seva at SoundCurrent Mastering in Knoxville, TN. The album will also be mastered by Jamie King (Between the Buried and Me) at The Basement Recording in Winston-Salem, NC. Also unique to this recording is plans to record, mix and master the entire album in Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround sound. The band stated "to our knowledge this is the first time this process has been applied to a death metal record."
The band has also announced that they have left Rise Records and are in the process of securing a new label for The City.
The band has been inactive since 2010. Some of the members are in a new band named Persaeus.

</doc>
<doc id="19265786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265786" title="547th Intelligence Squadron">
547th Intelligence Squadron

The 547th Intelligence Squadron is an active United States Air Force unit. It is responsible for intelligence support for all Red Flag-Nellis exercises.
History.
Activated in March 1944 at Hammer Field, California. The 547th was one of the last purpose-activated night fighter squadrons of World War II. Trained in Southern California, under IV Fighter Command initially equipped with specifically modified twin-seat black painted P-38M Lightnings equipped with AN/APS-6 radar in an external radome underneath the nose, relocated radio equipment and anti-flash gun muzzles. The pilot sat in the front seat, radar operator in the rear.
Deployed to the Southwest Pacific Area (SWPA) in September 1944, being assigned to Fifth Air Force and engaged in defensive night operations, also conducting night interdiction raids on enemy targets. Received P-61 Black Widows in Oct 1944 at Owi Airfield, Netherlands East Indies. Operated in NEI, Philippines, Okinawa.
Moved to Japan in October 1945 as part of Fifth Air Force occupation Forces, Inactivated in Japan February 1946. 
Trained US and allied forward air controllers, 1969-1975 and psychological warfare pilots, 1969-1972. 
Serves as USAFs center of excellence for adversary tactics analysis; develops intelligence threat training programs; defines potential threats to the US, provides intelligence support to Air Combat Command's test and evaluation programs and live-fly exercises, 1991-present.
References.
547th Intelligence Squadron Lineage at AFHRA
Unofficial 547th Night Fighter Squadron emblem design: round background with thin inner rings near border red and black, inside a cartoon Black Widow spider wearing a yellow cap, having his legs spread in a circular pattern around his body, holding in each foot/hand a weapon of various types, consisting of, knife, pistol, brass knuckles,sapper,tomahawk,mace club,swordand a round bomb with fuse lit.

</doc>
<doc id="19265789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265789" title="Ear disease">
Ear disease

Ear disease is a subfield of otolaryngology addressing the pathology of the ear.
Two of the major categories are otitis and hearing disorders. However, not all hearing disorders are due to structures of the ear.

</doc>
<doc id="19265792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265792" title="Knoller C.II">
Knoller C.II

__NOTOC__
The Knoller C.II was a reconnaissance aircraft built in Austria-Hungary during World War I for use by the Austro-Hungarian army. It was a conventional biplane design with staggered wings, and seated the pilot and observer in tandem in an open cockpit. Like Knoller's preceding C.I design, the upper wing was swept back, but not as far as it had been on the earlier aircraft. The structure was wooden throughout, with the wings skinned in fabric and the fuselage in plywood. The interplane struts were made of steel and arranged in a warren truss configuration.
Production was undertaken in three batches of 25 aircraft, one each by Aviatik, Lohner, and WKF, with the first machine delivered to the Army in September 1916. On 10 February the following year, the wings of this aircraft collapsed in flight and its crew was killed in the ensuing crash. This incident led to production and further flying of the type to be suspended. A single example is preserved at the National Technical Museum in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="19265797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265797" title="Eden Garden">
Eden Garden

Eden Garden is a garden in Mt Eden, Auckland set in 2 hectares of former quarry land. It was established in 1964 and is open to the public for an admission fee. Eden Garden was donated to the people of New Zealand in 1965 and is managed by The Eden Garden Society, Inc., a not-for-profit society 
The garden's many collections of plants include what is reputed to be the largest collection of camellias in New Zealand, vireyas (tropical rhododendrons) some of which are always in bloom, Japanese maples, magnolias, hibiscus, bromeliads, native trees, interesting rock formations, waterfalls, and a spectacular perennial garden. In recent years the annual spring tulip show has been one of the biggest and best in Auckland. There is always something of interest in bloom. This little oasis close to the heart of Auckland city is described by New Zealand's bestgardening.com website as "one of the loveliest and most tranquil inner city gardens around."

</doc>
<doc id="19265842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265842" title="2009 Philadelphia Wings season">
2009 Philadelphia Wings season

The Philadelphia Wings are a lacrosse team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2009 season was the 23rd in franchise history.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Player stats.
Reference: [http://pointstreak.com/prostats/teamplayerstats.html?teamid=25957&seasonid=3260]
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
Entry draft.
The 2008 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 7, 2008. The Wings selected the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="19265846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265846" title="Joe Miller (shortstop)">
Joe Miller (shortstop)

Joseph A. Miller (February 17, 1861 – April 23, 1928) was an American Major League Baseball player born in Baltimore, Maryland, who played shortstop for two seasons, one for the Toledo Blue Stockings and the other for the Louisville Colonels. He had a career batting average of .214 in 203 total games played.
Miller died in Wheeling, West Virginia at the age of 67, and is interred at Mount Calvary Cemetery in Wheeling.

</doc>
<doc id="19265865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265865" title="Rowsell">
Rowsell

Rowsell is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19265882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265882" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre rifle three positions">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre rifle three positions

Men's 50 metre rifle three positions (then known as "free rifle") was one of the fifteen shooting events at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Both Jean-Pierre Amat and Sergey Belyayev reached a new Olympic record of 1175 points in the qualification round; Amat shot the better final and won the gold medal.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19265892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265892" title="Grand Canyon of the Elwha">
Grand Canyon of the Elwha

The Grand Canyon of the Elwha is a deep canyon on the Elwha River located below Dodger Point Mountain approximately 5 miles upstream from Lake Mills. It can be reached approximately 3.5 miles from the Whiskey Bend trailhead via the Geyser Valley trail. It is also about 1/2 mile from Humes Ranch Cabin and 1.4 miles from Goblins Gate.
The canyon is traversed by the Dodger point bridge, as it exits the canyon and just above Humes Ranch Cabin.

</doc>
<doc id="19265897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265897" title="Meg Gardiner">
Meg Gardiner

Meg Gardiner (born May 15, 1957, in Oklahoma) is an Edgar Award-winning American crime writer, who currently lives in the United Kingdom. Her best-known books are the "Evan Delaney" novels. In June 2008, she published the first novel in a new series, featuring forensic psychiatrist "Jo Beckett." The second Jo Beckett novel, "The Memory Collector", was published in June 2009, the third, "The Liar's Lullaby", in June 2010, and the most recent Beckett book, "The Nightmare Thief", was published in June 2011. Her tenth novel, the stand-alone "Ransom River", was published in June 2012. 
Gardiner's first novel, "China Lake", received the 2009 Edgar Award for Best Paperback Original novel upon its publication in the United States in 2008. Her first Jo Beckett novel, "The Dirty Secrets Club", won the 2009 The Romantic Times Reviewers' Choice award for Best Procedural Novel. Her ninth novel, "The Nightmare Thief", won the 2012 Audie Award for Thriller/Suspense Audiobook of the Year.
Biography.
Gardiner was born in Oklahoma and grew up in Santa Barbara, California. She currently lives in the UK near London with her husband, Paul Shreve, and their three children. 
In describing herself, Gardiner has said quite simply: "I write thrillers," before recently elaborating: "I used to practice law. I taught writing at the University of California. Of course, there's more — and because the Internet can fact-check you, faster than you can type 'Sarah Palin', I'm going to come clean: It's true that I used to be a mime. But only before mimes became annoying. And yes, I did go in costume to the Star Trek exhibition in Hyde Park. But I did not wear the Ferengi ears. And though I'm American, I currently live near London. This can confuse people. At British book events, people ask, 'When did you get in from California? Aren't you jet-lagged?' And in the USA, people sometimes say, 'But you don't have an English accent.' And I never will. If you put a gun to my head and told me to pronounce jolly good, I'd blurt out, 'Dude!' Or, if truly panicked, 'Y'all!'
Gardiner is the daughter of English professor Frank C. Gardiner and Sally Love. Gardiner attended Dos Pueblos High School in Goleta, a community just north of Santa Barbara, graduating in June 1975.
Following graduation, she attended Stanford University, where she attained her Bachelor's degree in Economics and lettered in track. She went on to graduate from Stanford Law School and to practice law in Los Angeles, before returning to Santa Barbara to teach law writing at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Writing career.
Writing is her "third career," says Gardiner. "In earlier incarnations, I practiced law in Los Angeles and taught writing at the University of California, Santa Barbara. After living in California most of my life, in the early 1990s, I moved with my family to the United Kingdom."
It was during her freedom in those early years in the UK that she wrote her first novel, completing a task she'd set for herself a decade earlier. "I always wanted to write a novel. And it was time to put up or shut up."
Initially, she began documenting her travels in a journal, titled "Hitchhiking in Lion Country, or Stupid Things I Have Done in Zambia". Entries include "Damn, That Cliff is Steep" and "With the Kids at the Cobra Petting Zoo." She lacked the insurance to keep this up, however, and so she sought new thrills. Too squeamish to rob convenience stores, she took up crime writing. Her first novel, "China Lake", was published by Hodder & Stoughton in 2002. Since then, Gardiner has written full-time and published six additional titles. "It's a job I'm immensely lucky to have."
Gardiner says that she writes crime fiction because it "gets to the heart of the human condition. It's about people facing a severe danger, or confronting an evil that has invaded their world. It's also fun. I get to slingshot readers into situations they would hate to face in real life. A kid in danger? Bring it on. Sadistic killers? Here, have another helping. My book gave you nightmares? Thank you, that's wonderful."
She likes thriller fiction "because it grabs readers, takes them on a menacing ride to places they'd hate to go in real life and returns them safely, feeling thrilled. And especially because crime writing is about morality: finding justice, restoring order out of chaos."
As the daughter of an English professor, "I was obviously in a home where books and reading and writing mattered," Gardiner told the Santa Barbara Independent newspaper. At Dos Pueblos High School in Goleta, California, she reported for the "Charger", the school paper, but her father urged caution to his budding writer. "He said I could write novels after college and be another novelist who waits on tables or I could become a lawyer who writes novels." She heeded his warning, but later left the law behind and began writing. "I decided I didn't want to argue for a living," she said. Instead, as the title of her blog "Lying for a Living" implies, she now lies for a living.
Gardiner on Writing.
Asked what she considers the most difficult aspect of writing, Gardiner answers, "The first draft. Sketching ideas — 'Somebody is killing Evan's high school class' — is simple. Turning those ideas into compelling scenes is like pulling my own teeth with pliers: slow, painful and messy."
When asked how she knows when a story is right, Gardiner said, "It's right when readers say 'Oh my God' at a plot turn they never saw coming. It's right when they laugh out loud on airplanes, can't sleep until they finish the book, and phone at three a.m. to yell at me for killing a favorite character. But those things don't happen till I've jettisoned half my original ideas, mud-wrestled others into submission, and flayed several drafts of the story to shreds."
Gardiner explained that in her writing, she tries "to explore the boundary between morality and wrongdoing. When is it justified to go outside the law to right a wrong? When can you use ruthless violence to defend somebody you love? Possibly I came to reflect on this issue after an armed robber asked questions about my little girl."
Always plying her trade, Gardiner said, "I observe, take notes and shamelessly, appropriate things my friends and family say and do. I'm also a news junkie. The problem with that is that all headlines start to look like story material. I see 'Volcanic Vent Plunge' and think, wild. Gotta be a great story. Until I read that a California ski patrol died falling into that volcanic vent. Then I know it's time to back off and read as a human being."
Gardiner considers no subject taboo. "No subject should be off-limits. That road leads to timidity and repression. However, I think certain approaches to subjects are repulsive. Gratuitous, protracted, explicit violence is sometimes offered as a feast, and portrayed with such lurid and eager detail that it becomes almost pornographic. But we should argue about such approaches, not forbid them."
Gardiner insists that being an attorney helped her success a great deal. "The intellectual rigor prepared me for a lot of things. The grounding in legal knowledge has been helpful in practice, in teaching, and in being a writer. I learned not to write in legalese. I learned how to tell a story and take a position."
But when asked if she has any plans to return to law practice, Gardiner quickly replies: "Nope. I've escaped and they'd have to catch me. But that is a measure of my satisfaction with the career I now have rather than a distaste for the law."
Bibliography.
As of January 2013, Gardiner has written eleven novels, including five in the Evan Delaney series, four in the Jo Beckett series, and one standalone. A second standalone will be published in June 2013: "The Shadow Tracer".
Other novels.
"Ransom River" (June 2012)
"The Shadow Tracer" (June 2013)
Gardiner on Evan Delaney.
The Evan Delaney series features legal themes (the protagonist is a lawyer-turned-journalist whose boyfriend is a trial lawyer) and a great deal of white-knuckle action.
Gardiner describes Delaney and the series as "a smart-aleck freelance journalist dealing with identity theft, religious extremism, a high school reunion killer, and sex, drugs, and rock'n'roll. (They're set in California. Of course they do.) "
Evan is "a freelance journalist from California. She's spirited, quick-witted, and fights hard for the people she loves. Okay, she's too brash for her own good, which is why she's on her second set of teeth. But she's a softy at heart. She thinks the world is tragic and so you'd better laugh whenever you can. Pour her a glass of Jack Daniel's and ask her about finding that FBI agent hogtied to her bed, stripped and ranting. Just don't get on her bad side, because she may have a heat-seeking missile stashed in her car."
"Evan is me with the brakes off," Gardiner told Melanie Gold of Take 3. "She says and does things I would never have the chutzpah to say or do myself. We share a background as lawyers, Californians, and tomboys. And we share a sense of humor, though hers is darker than mine. However, I live a calm life compared to Evan. I've never had to defend myself with a ferret."
Nancy Fraser of "Midpoint Publishing"] describes Gardiner's Evan Delaney series as: "A bold, brash, slightly-too-much-gumption-for-her-own-good kind of girl. Harpoon guns, GPS tracking devices, rabid coyotes, airplane crash mementos, the FBI, homemade bombs, explosive Redi-Whip, imposter nuclear warheads, Navy fighter pilots, flirtatious fighter pilots, ladies' lingerie, small dogs, religious megalomaniacs, fires, imprisonment, alcoholic in-laws, has-been rock stars, never-were rock stars, smashed pumpkins, AIDS, broken glass, burning cowboy boots in trash cans—still attached to the feet that wear them—kidnappings to Las Vegas, NCAA swim meets, men in swimsuits, men in wheelchairs, men in Mustangs, margaritas, murder by guitar chord, and efforts (failed efforts, often) at redemption from every angle known to man."
Gardiner on Jo Beckett.
"Jo is law enforcement's last resort in baffling cases," says Gardiner, "but she's not a cop. She's a doctor — a forensic psychiatrist who analyzes dead people for the police. She's a deadshrinker.
"When the San Francisco Police Department runs out of leads and the crime lab can't figure out why a victim has died, they call on Jo to perform a psychological autopsy. Her job is to find the truth in ambiguous cases — the cases that frustrate the police and leave victims' families bewildered in their grief. She delves into victims's state of mind to determine whether their deaths are suicide, accident or homicide.
"Jo doesn't pick up gory bits of trace evidence with tweezers. She digs into people's passions, obsessions and secrets to find out what killed them. Her territory is the psyche and the human heart."
"Jo calls herself a deadshrinker," Gardiner says in a Poe's Deadly Daughters interview. "She analyzes the dead for the police. She's the last resort in baffling cases. When the cops and the medical examiner can't determine the manner of a victim's death, they turn to Jo to perform a psychological autopsy and figure out whether it was accident, suicide, or murder.
"Jo looks at victims' emotional, moral, and psychological lives to figure out why they died. She digs beneath the clinical what and how of the police lab, into the messy, mysterious, and spooky realm of the mind. And that's what fascinated me about her job.
" is great, but I wanted to go beyond it. In the real world, crime lab technology is not an infallible truth-o-meter. Physical evidence is not in fact bulletproof. Real life is murkier—and more fascinating. That's what Jo explores. She goes beyond DNA sequencing and gas chromatography to uncover why a victim has died. And she can come at cases from fresh, atypical angles."
Book Reviews.
On February 16, 2007, Stephen King in his weekly column in Entertainment Weekly gave a review of Gardiner's books.
"Meg Gardiner doesn't disappoint. Characters with depth, plot with captivating twists and plenty of action will keep you reading. Another excellent read!"—FreshFiction
"Gardiner admirably handles never-see-it-coming twists sure to delight. Beckett is wonderful, compassionate yet tough, lightly sarcastic and independent. The ending will leave you breathless."—RT Book Reviews

</doc>
<doc id="19265941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265941" title="I, Colossus">
I, Colossus

I, Colossus is the first studio album released by A Different Breed of Killer. It was released on April 29, 2008 by Rise Records, and produced by Jamie King. This album was released to lukewarm reviews.
"I, Colossus" is a concept album about a man who was the subject of a genetic experiment gone wrong, and spends 20 years in solitude before emerging to wreak vengeance on his captors, and eventually, the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19265943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265943" title="USS Rockdale (AK-208)">
USS Rockdale (AK-208)

USS "Rockdale" (AK-208) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. She served with distinction in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations and returned home in 1946 to be placed into the "mothball" fleet where she silently remained, subsequent fate unknown.
Built in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin.
"Rockdale" (AK-208) was laid down 15 January 1944 as MC hull 2162 by Leatham D. Smith Ship Building Co., Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin; launched 1 October 1944; sponsored by Mrs. William R. Crawford; acquired by the Navy from the Maritime Commission on loan-charter basis 5 June 1945; and commissioned at Galveston, Texas, 26 June 1945, Lt. Comdr. Robert F. Mendler, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
Following shakedown off Galveston, Texas, "Rockdale" got underway from Gulfport, Mississippi, for the Panama Canal. Transiting the Canal 27 July, she proceeded to Hollandia, New Guinea, where she arrived 2 September to unload her cargo. On 9 September she steamed for Australia, reaching Brisbane 17 September. She got underway for Manus Island 25 September arriving 3 October. Underway the next day, she made Saipan on the 10th.
"Rockdale" got underway on 13 October for Okinawa where she arrived 5 days later. On 1 November she sailed for the Mariana Islands and operated in that island group until getting underway for the Panama Canal on 13 January 1946. She transited the Canal on 20 February and arrived Norfolk, Virginia, on 1 March.
Post-war inactivation.
"Rockdale" decommissioned there 22 March, was returned to the War Shipping Administration on the 26th for lay-up in the James River, and was struck from the Navy List 12 April 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="19265970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265970" title="Inselspital">
Inselspital

The University Hospital of Bern (German: "Inselspital"), located in Berne, is one of the five university hospitals of Switzerland. 
The hospital is operated by a charitable foundation established in 1354 through the will of Anna Seiler, a wealthy Bernese. It acquired its current name in 1531 when it occupied the buildings of the "St. Michaels Insel" convent. From 1841 on, it has participated in the training of medical students.
The hospital moved to its present location in 1885. Many of the historic buildings were demolished from 1958 to 1978 and replaced by modern infrastructure, including a high-rise patient building.
Currently, the hospital employs a staff of 7,255 and provides care for 250,000 patients each year. It also provides practical training to 600 medical students and over 1,000 other healthcare professionals. The prominent physicians who have practiced in the Inselspital include Emil Theodor Kocher, the 1909 Nobel laureate.

</doc>
<doc id="19265979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265979" title="Plaquemine culture">
Plaquemine culture

The Plaquemine culture was an archaeological culture in the lower Mississippi River Valley in western Mississippi and eastern Louisiana. Good examples of this culture are the Medora Site ( the type site for the culture and period) in West Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, and the Anna, Emerald Mound, Winterville and Holly Bluff sites located in Mississippi. Plaquemine culture was contemporaneous with the Middle Mississippian culture in the Cahokia site in St. Louis, Missouri. It is considered ancestral to the Natchez and Taensa Peoples.
Description.
Architecture and mounds.
The Plaquemine Culture occupied the rest of Louisiana not taken by the Caddoan Mississippian culture during this time frame and are considered descendants of the Troyville-Coles Creek culture. A prominent feature of Plaquemine sites are large ceremonial centers with two or more large mounds facing an open plaza. The flat-topped, pyramidal mounds were constructed in several stages. Sometimes they were topped by one or two smaller mounds. Mounds were often built on top of the ruins of a house or temple and similar buildings were usually constructed on top of the mound. In earlier times, buildings were usually circular, but later they were likely to be rectangular. They were constructed of wattle and daub, and sometimes with wall posts sunk into foot-deep wall trenches. At times, shallow, oval or rectangular graves were dug in the mounds. These might have been for primary burials, but more often they were for the reburial of remains originally interred elsewhere.
Pottery.
One kind of pottery occasionally placed in the graves is called "killed" pottery. This type has a hole in the base of the vessel that was cut while the pot was being made, usually before it was fired. They also decorated their pots in other characteristic ways. They sometimes added small solid handles called lugs and textured the surface by brushing clumps of grass over the vessel before it was fired. They often cut designs into the surface of the wet clay, and like their Caddoan contemporaries, the Plaquemine peoples engraved designs on pots after they were fired. Plaquemine peoples also had undecorated pots that they used for ordinary daily tasks. Pottery during this phase still used dry clay particles a tempering material, with the use of ground shell being a marker for Mississippian cultural contact.
Plaquemine Mississippian.
Beginning during the Terminal Coles Creek period (1150 to 1250 CE), Mississippian cultures far upstream from the Plaquemine area began expanding their reach southward. Excavations in the Yazoo Basin area of Mississippi have shown a "Cahokia Horizon" as extraregional exotic goods such as Cahokian pottery and other artifacts began to be deposited in Coles Creek-Plaquemine culture sites. Through repeated contacts groups in Mississippi and then Louisiana began adopting Mississippian techniques for making Mississippian culture pottery, as well as ceremonial objects and possibly social structuring. The Plaquemine peoples became more and more Mississippianized and the area the culture covered begins to shrink after 1350 CE. Eventually the last enclave of purely Plaquemine culture was the Natchez Bluffs area, while the Yazoo Basin and Louisiana areas became a hybrid Plaquemine Mississippian culture. Historic groups in the area during first European contact bear out this division. Historic groups in the Natchez Bluffs, the Taensa and Natchez had held out against full Mississippianization and continued to use the same sites as their ancestors and carry on in the Plaquemine culture. Those that may have descended from the Mississippianized groups are those who at the time of Europoean contact spoke the Tunican, Chitimachan, and Muskogean languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19265982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265982" title="Roadrunners (The X-Files)">
Roadrunners (The X-Files)

"Roadrunners" is the fourth episode of the eighth season and the 165th episode overall of the science fiction television series "The X-Files". "Roadrunners" is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology. The episode first aired in the United States on November 26, 2000 on Fox and on March 1, 2001 on Sky1 in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It was written by Vince Gilligan and directed by Rod Hardy. The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 8.3 and was watched by 13.6 million households. The episode received mixed to positive reviews from television critics.
The series centers on FBI special agents Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) and her new partner John Doggett (Robert Patrick)—following the alien abduction of her former partner, Fox Mulder (David Duchovny)—who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. In this episode, Scully, working alone, pursues a cult that worship a slug-like organism and believe it to be the Second Coming of Jesus Christ; but in her efforts to save an injured stranger, she discovers she is in over her head.
The episode was written by Gilligan to be intentionally "creepy". Furthermore, Gilligan wanted to show the audience that John Doggett was a good person and an ally of Scully's. The parasitic creature that was used in the episode was designed to look like a banana slug and was created via animatronics. Several of the scenes were so gruesome that producer Paul Rabwin later noted that some of the cameramen "start to lose it" during filming.
Plot.
In the Utah desert, a hitchhiker catches a ride from a passing bus, which soon stops without explanation. The hitchhiker watches a man with crutches leave the bus, joined by the other passengers. Following them, he sees them stone the man to death. They later surround the hitchhiker as he futilely tries to escape.
FBI special agent Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) goes to investigate the murder. The victim, a twenty-two-year-old backpacker, now shows signs of body decay usually associated with old age. Later, at a pay-phone, she asks her partner, John Doggett (Robert Patrick), to check the X-Files for cases mentioning glycoproteins. While discussing the case with Doggett, the bus passes her, and she follows it to a gas station in the middle of the desert. A man with an injured hand learns that she is a medical doctor and fills her car with gasoline laced with water. Scully returns to the gas station and is told that rain got into the gas canisters.
The attendant tells Scully that Mr. Milsap is the only person with a working phone, but she discovers that the line is dead. Mr. Milsap offers Scully a room at the local boarding house, but Scully tries the rest of the town only to be ignored by everyone; they are all too engrossed in Bible study groups. Disturbed by the turn of events, she keeps her gun close at hand. The next morning, Mr. Milsap tells Scully that there is a man who needs help downstairs. She goes with him and finds the hitchhiker from the teaser having a seizure. She advises them to take him to the hospital, but they pretend that they do not have any cars. While examining the man, Scully discovers a strange circular wound on his back. Meanwhile, Doggett calls the local sheriff and learns that Scully has not arrived yet, and so he sets out to find her.
The sick man begins to recover and Scully talks to him while the townspeople are gone. He does not seem to know who he is or how he arrived. She inspects his wound again and finds a lump moving along the man's spine; digging into the open wound, she pulls out a piece of a large worm. Scully talks with the hitchhiker, whose name is revealed to be Hank, about the creature and thinks she cannot get it out without killing him. Scully goes to find a car but, moments after leaving, Hank immediately tells the townspeople what she is up to and that "another swap" is needed. Concurrently, Doggett arrives in Utah and informs the Sheriff about a series X-Files involving similar back wound and death by stoning.
Scully is eventually captured by the townspeople and the worm is inserted into her body. Eventually, Doggett finds Scully, cuts the worm out of her, and shoots the creature dead. Later, Scully is packing her things in the hospital when Doggett comes in to inform her about the trial of the cult members; they are offering little defense except that they claim that they are being persecuted for their religious beliefs. Scully muses that they thought the worm was the Second Coming of Jesus Christ. She apologizes to Doggett for going out on the mission alone and promises to never do it again.
Production.
Writing.
"Roadrunners" was written by Vince Gilligan and was inspired by the 1955 thriller film "Bad Day at Black Rock". The script, called "uncharacteristically brutal" for Gilligan—who had been noted for his comedic episodes like "Bad Blood" and "X-Cops"—was written with the expressed intent to make, according to Gilligan, "a really all-out scary, creepy, get under-your-skin—literally and figuratively—X-File." Furthermore, the episode was written to show the audience of "The X-Files" that John Doggett was on the side of the heroes. Gilligan explained, "I wanted this gangbusters episode, one that showed Doggett was a good guy; someone to be counted on." Many fans were unhappy with Doggett's condescension towards Scully during her apology. Robert Patrick, the actor who portrayed Doggett, however, had a different interpretation: "The whole essence of the scene was, 'Look, I'm here for you. I've got your back. We're partners now.' And you give that the weight of a marine saying to someone, 'I'll jump on a grenade for you, so you can trust me.' The idea was to really assure the fans that the show was continuing on."
Several of the characters in the episode were named after real-life individuals. The character of Hank was named after the brother of Vince Gilligan's girlfriend, Holly. Mr. Milsap was named for famed singer-songwriter Ronnie Milsap. Finally, Sheriff Ciolino was named after Gilligan's mortgage broker.
Directing.
The episode was directed by Rod Hardy, making it first credit for the series. Hardy was offered the role after an unknown individual working at "The X-Files" saw his TBS remake of the film "High Noon". The parasitic creature that was used in the episode was created via animatronics and was designed to look like a banana slug. During the scene where the creature is inserted into Scully's back, the production crew created a false fiberglass back for Gillian Anderson. To create the illusion that the creature was crawling up the body, the fiberglass was pressed against. Anderson later described the scene as "fun to shoot." However, she did notice that the scene "was exhausting, though, struggling on that bed for so long. Not hogtied, but tied down, my arms to the headboard and my legs to the footboard. Paul Rabwin later noted that he had several cameramen "start to lose it" during the scene.
Broadcast and reception.
"Roadrunners" first aired in the United States on Fox on November 26, 2000. The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 8.3, meaning that it was seen by 8.3% of the nation's estimated households. The episode was viewed by 8.37 million households, and 13.6 million viewers. The episode ranked as the 38th most-watched episode for the week ending November 26. In the United Kingdom and Ireland, the episode made its first appearance on television on March 1, 2001 on Sky1. "Roadrunners" was the seventh most watched program that week and received 0.67 million viewers. Fox promoted the episode with the tagline "A desolate town. A bizarre cult. A horrifying ritual. And Scully may be the next victim."
Critical reception to "Roadrunners" was mixed to positive. Den of Geek writer Juliette Harrisson named the episode the "finest stand-alone episode" of the show's eighth season. Harrisson praised the character development in "Roadrunners" and noted that the episode "effectively brings and Doggett together as partners." Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", rated the episode four stars out of five. The two note that, "for the first half-hour, this works as a slow burn horror story ... It's the transition of Gillian Anderson's performance from wry exasperation to outright paranoia ... which makes this so effective." Shearman and Pearson did, however, slightly criticize the cutting of John Doggett's role to a minimum. Todd VanDerWerff of "The A.V. Club" awarded the episode a "A–" and wrote that it "is an episode that’s dedicated to helping us move past the Mulder era." He praised the creepiness of Gilligan's script, as well as the characterization of Scully, writing that even though she is in a situation that is over her head, she is still smart in her attempts to escape; he also praised Anderson's acting. However, VanDerWerff was more critical of the final scene, noting that it made Doggett come across as "kind of an asshole". Paul Spragg of "Xposé" wrote positively of the episode, saying it "featured a return to the body horror stories that had worked so well in the early seasons". Spragg added that "Roadrunners" is "certainly close" to the highly-acclaimed first season episode "Ice". 
Not all reviews were positive. George Avalos and Michael Liedtke of the Knight Ridder Tribune wrote that the episode's slug "continued the series' fine tradition of monsters that made us queasy as we squirmed in our seats". Despite enjoying the gore and the reality of Scully's isolation, the two were critical of the cult's motivations, writing that "we were given absolutely no clue as to why the Utah cult members believed the slug represented the Second Coming of Jesus Christ." The two ultimately concluded that "Roadrunners" fell "well short of a classic." Sarah Stegall highly criticized the episode, calling it "a bad mix of "The Fly" and "", with plenty of "X-Files" classic paranoia but none of the finesse we've seen before." Paula Vitaris from "Cinefantastique" gave the episode a scathing review and awarded it no stars out of four. She heavily derided the plot, sarcastically referring to Doggett as a "man's man" and the parasite a "phallic-shaped giant slug". Furthermore, she criticized Scully's actions to go off on an assignment without telling her partner. Dave Golder from "SFX" criticized the episode and called it a retread of the first season episode "Ice".

</doc>
<doc id="19265992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19265992" title="Rideout">
Rideout

Rideout is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19266009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266009" title="Igor Picușceac">
Igor Picușceac

Igor Picuşceac (born 27 March 1983 in Tiraspol) is a Moldovan footballer who plays as a striker for FC Amkar Perm in Russia. He also plays for the Moldova national team. 
Picuşceac scored his first goal for Moldova in a 2-1 defeat to Israel in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier. This is the fastest goal ever scored for Moldova in an official game. 
He has played for FC Sheriff Tiraspol along with his team mates Serghei Alexeev, George Daniel Negruţ and Ionuţ Stelian Radu.

</doc>
<doc id="19266026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266026" title="York Time Institute">
York Time Institute

The York Time Institute is a school in York, Pennsylvania providing instruction in the conservation, restoration, and repair of traditional and modern time-keeping devices. It was founded in 2008 by Daniel Nied, former Director of the School of Horology of the National Association of Watch and Clock Collectors. The school is housed in a 19th-century building that also housed two different watchmakers in its 150-year history.
Instruction.
As a school of horological instruction, the York Time Institute teaches advanced skills, conservation, fundamental skills (lathe work, milling, parts-making, shaping, forming, horological science, and metallurgy), restorative arts (plating, engraving, engine turning, casting, and antique techniques), and youth programs (horological toys, history of timekeeping, and the science of time). The school offers a 54-week program, weekend short courses, and evening lectures.
Accreditation.
The York Time Institute is licensed by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. It is seeking accreditation by the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges of Technology (ACCSCT). 

</doc>
<doc id="19266122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266122" title="Riche (surname)">
Riche (surname)

Riche is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19266123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266123" title="John Doe (The X-Files)">
John Doe (The X-Files)

"John Doe" is the seventh episode of the ninth season of the American science fiction television series "The X-Files". The episode first aired in the United States on January 13, 2002 on the Fox network. It was written by executive producer Vince Gilligan, and directed by co-executive producer Michelle MacLaren. The episode is a "monster-of-the-week" episode, a stand-alone plot which is unconnected to the mythology, or overarching fictional history, of "The X-Files". "John Doe" earned a Nielsen rating of 5.0 and was viewed by 5.28 million households. The episode received largely positive reviews from television critics.
The show centers on FBI special agents who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files; this season focuses on the investigations of John Doggett (Robert Patrick), Monica Reyes (Annabeth Gish), and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson). In this episode, Doggett wakes up in Mexico with no memory of who he is or how he got there. Meanwhile, Reyes and Scully struggle to locate him. The two later discover that Doggett's memory has been taken by a "memory vampire" that runs a drug cartel.
"John Doe" was written after Gilligan had been thinking of a story involving a "memory vampire" for months. Furthermore, the episode was MacLaren's directorial debut. Noted director Kim Manners helped guide her through the process. Director of photography Bill Roe used specific lighting for the episode; indoor scenes are dark and hard to make out whereas outside scenes are bright and over-saturated with light. The Mexican hotel apartment was created from Fox Mulder's (David Duchovny) old apartment set.
Plot.
John Doggett (Robert Patrick) awakens inside an abandoned warehouse to find a man in the process of stealing one of his shoes. Doggett chases the man outside, where he summons two Mexican police officers. One of the policemen hits the man with his nightstick, while the other demands his identification. When Doggett finds he has no papers, the officer asks him his name. Doggett is shocked to realize he can't remember his own identity.
Doggett is taken to the local jail, where he meets a fellow prisoner named Domingo. Domingo is eventually freed and offers to have Doggett bailed out as well, under the condition that Doggett help him perform his criminal tasks. Doggett agrees, but changes his mind once he is released. Nestor, Domingo's friend, pulls a gun, but Doggett quickly overpowers him and takes the weapon. Doggett returns to the warehouse in hopes of finding clues to his identity. From time to time, he experiences flashbacks of his wife and son, but has no idea who they are.
In the meantime, in Washington, Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) examine video footage from a security camera positioned at the Mexican border. FBI Deputy Director Alvin Kersh disbands the task force searching for Doggett, believing the video is proof that he entered Mexico on his own free will and was not abducted. Meanwhile, Doggett phones a United States Marine public affairs office, hoping his Marine tattoo will shed some light on his true identity. Before he is able to ask any questions, he notices policemen nearby and flees.
Scully traces Doggett's phone call and has Monica Reyes (Annabeth Gish) travel to the Mexican town where he was last seen It is revealed that Caballero, the head of the local drug cartel, is a "memory vampire": he can absorb the memories of those posing a threat to his operation. Reyes finds Doggett and faces gunfire from the police, who are controlled by Caballero's cartel; all the while, Reyes attempts to remind Doggett of who they are. Doggett remembers his son. The agents are rescued by Skinner and the Mexican Federales. Doggett tearfully admits that he is happy to have all of his memories, even the bad ones, "as long as I remember the good.”
Production.
Writing and directing.
"John Doe" was written by executive producer Vince Gilligan and directed by Michelle MacLaren. The episode marked Gilligan's first solo episode for the ninth season. Gilligan had "fiddled" with the story of a "memory vampire" for months, before writing it. The notion to set the story in Mexico and center it around Robert Patrick's character was Frank Spotnitz's idea. From there the story "went together fairly easily."
"John Doe" was co-executive MacLaren's directorial debut. Although she had never helmed an episode before, MacLaren utilized information that she had gathered by working with Kim Manners, one of the series' prolific directors. She later noted, "Kim taught me how he breaks down a script and prepares his shot list. The most powerful thing he said to me was that he imagines the show all cut together and sees the movie in his head and really visualizes it." Gilligan later said that MacLaren "really rose to the occasion and really did her homework." The bus crash scene was created with the use of elaborate "smoke and mirrors", according to Gilligan. Over nine cameras were used to film the entire scene. Several of the cameras were under-cranked in order to give the illusion that the bus was going faster than it really was. A steel ramp was buried in the ground to flip the bus. However, the scene was reportedly torpid to film. Gilligan later joked that "You could have stood there and had a sandwich while the thing was backing up: it was so slow."
Filming and effects.
Director of photography Bill Roe later stated that he borrowed motifs from Steven Soderbergh's 2000 film "Traffic" for some of the shots. In addition, before filming, he decided to do various test shots to get the lighting right. The crew ended up shooting "exteriors three, four stops over what you should shoot it at", resulting in very washed out outdoor scenes. Roe and his crew had a hard time developing the various lighting contrasts for the episode. When talking about the episode, Roe said: "it was really dark so we had this huge contrast of lighting. It was dark and warm and brown. When you go inside, you can barely see things, but when you're outside, it's just blaring." To create the Mexican town featured in the episode, scenes were filmed at a small town located outside of Los Angeles. A matte of the town's background and blue sky were then cut and a faux Mexican background was added. In addition, Mat Beck was given a flyer, and he duplicated it, making several strings of posters that did not exist when the shots were filmed.
When creating the Mexican hotel apartment, the crew re-decorated what was once Fox Mulder's (David Duchovny) apartment on the show. Production Designer Corey Kaplan said of the development of the episode that, "It was very creative and very rewarding for us as an art department, to create the complete total look of being in another culture." Several Spanish songs are featured in the episode. When the characters are at the cantina, the song "La Calentura" by Roberto Ruiz is playing. During scenes in the garage "Juana La Cubana" by Fito Olivares is featured.
Reception.
"John Doe" first aired in the United States on January 13, 2002. The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 5.0, meaning that it was seen by 5.0% of the nation's estimated households and was viewed by 5.28 million households. "John Doe" was the 66th most watched episode of television that aired during the week ending January 13. The episode later aired in the United Kingdom on December 16, 2002 on BBC Two.
The episode received largely positive reviews from television critics. Jessica Morgan from Television Without Pity gave the episode an A– rating. Juliette Harrisson of Den of Geek named "John Doe" the best stand-alone episode of season nine and called it "a refreshing change of pace". Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", gave the episode a glowing review and rated it five stars out of five. The two praised Gilligan's script and Patrick's performance, noting that the former "writes the script with a dirtiness that gives it real power" and the latter's acting was "extraordinary". Furthermore, Shearman and Pearson wrote that "'John Doe' shows that there's still a fresh take to be had on "The X-Files" after all". Meghan Deans of Tor.com applauded the episode and called it "a clear bright spot in a dark and dismal season, both in its script and in its shooting." She felt that the focus on Doggett was effectively done, and the script focused on "strong character arcs", which worked towards its advantage. In the end, she concluded that the episode was "part of the "X-Files", moreso than would an alien or a mutant" because it focused on the idea that "pain makes you, more pain makes you better, and living within that pain keeps you alive."

</doc>
<doc id="19266127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266127" title="Cynthia Woodhead">
Cynthia Woodhead

Cynthia Lee Woodhead (born February 7, 1964), commonly known by her family nickname "Sippy", is an American former competition swimmer, world champion, Olympic medalist, and former world record-holder. She won three gold medals at the 1978 world championships, when she was only fourteen years old. She set seven world records during her career.
Career.
Woodhead received gold medals in the 200 m freestyle, 4×100 m freestyle relay, and 4×100 m medley relay, and two silver medals at the 1978 World Aquatics Championships in Berlin, when she was only 14 years old.
At the 1979 Pan American Games in San Juan she received five gold medals. She won the 100 m, 200 m and 400 m freestyle, as well as being part of the winning U.S. teams at the 4×100 m freestyle relay and 4×100 m medley relay.
Woodhead had qualified for six events at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, and was regarded to be among the favorites in the four individual distances, as she was ranked world number one in 100 m, 200 m, 400 m and 800 m freestyle. Due to the American boycott of Moscow Olympics, she did not get the chance to participate. This was a great disappointment for her, and she has said that the boycott may have triggered her later health problems.
In late 1981 and 1982 she suffered from several health problems—mononucleosis, a broken leg, and pneumonia.
Woodhead competed at the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles, where she received a silver medal in 200-meter freestyle.
She improved the 50-meter freestyle world record (long course), April 10, 1980, but the record was further improved by Jill Sterkel the same day. She improved the 200-meter freestyle world record (long course), three times, in 1978 and 1979, her last result remained a world record until 1984. She was also a member of the U.S. team that held the 4×100 m freestyle relay world record from 1978 to 1980.
Awards.
Woodhead was selected USOC Sports Woman of the Year 1979. She was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in Fort Lauderdale, Florida in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19266144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266144" title="Improbable (The X-Files)">
Improbable (The X-Files)

"Improbable" is 13th episode of the ninth season and the 195th episode overall of the science fiction television series "The X-Files". The episode first aired in the United States on April 14, 2002 on Fox, and subsequently aired in the United Kingdom. It was written and directed by series creator and executive producer Chris Carter. The episode is a "monster-of-the-week" episode, a stand-alone plot which is unconnected to the mythology, or overarching fictional history, of "The X-Files". The episode earned a Nielsen rating of 5.1 and was viewed by 9.1 million viewers. The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics. 
The show centers on FBI special agents who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files; this season focuses on the investigations of John Doggett (Robert Patrick), Monica Reyes (Annabeth Gish), and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson). In this episode, Reyes and her fellow agents investigate a serial killer who uses numerology to choose his victims. Soon, Reyes and Scully meet an unusual man who may prove more of a hindrance than a help.
"Improbable" features Burt Reynolds playing God. Reynolds was chosen after he expressed his desire to appear in an episode of "The X-Files" to Robert Patrick. Carter approved the idea and Reynolds thoroughly enjoyed filming the episode. "Improbable" contains several elaborate effects, such as a cityscape rendered to look like Reynolds' head. Furthermore, the episode contains themes pertaining to fate, free will, and numerology. The tagline for this episode is "Dio Ti Ama", meaning "God loves you" in Italian, replacing the usual phrase "The Truth is Out There."
Plot.
Agent Monica Reyes (Annabeth Gish) is investigating a series of cases that she believes are linked by numerology. While explaining the case to Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson), Scully spots another possible link - a mark made by the killer's ring on the victims' faces. On consulting a numerologist, Reyes ties the murders together. However, the killer also finds the numerologist, murdering her.
Meanwhile, the killer is shown meeting up with a mysterious man (Burt Reynolds) who seems to know a lot about him and his murderous ways. He speaks in an enigmatic way, but his words do not seem to make any difference to the killer. Reyes' numerology theories do not go down well at the FBI, but the pattern of the killings, when viewed on a map, seem to show a spiral. Scully and Reyes revisit the murdered numerologist's office and meet the killer in the elevator. Scully recognizes the ring on the killer's hand as the agents exit the elevator, and draws her gun on him. The killer slips back into the elevator and gets to the parking lot first. Reyes and Scully arrive only to see a car fleeing the garage and the gate closing behind it.
They meet another person hiding in a car and demand that he come out. It is the strange man. To pass the time, Burt engages Reyes and Scully in a game of checkers, whose colors (red & black) are surrogates for Scully (a redhead) and Reyes (a brunette). These are the anticipated hair-colors of the next two victims. The exiting car was assumed to contain the killer, but realizing the killer might still be inside, they search the garage and are surprised by the killer. However, John Doggett (Robert Patrick) arrives in the nick of time to shoot him. The mysterious man has completely disappeared. In a nearby Italian neighborhood, a party is in progress. Two men sing a jovial song and lead a crowd through the streets. The camera zooms out to reveal that the entire neighborhood, when viewed from above, suggests the appearance of Burt's face, hinting to the fact that he might be God.
Production.
Development.
Carter later explained that humorous episodes were important to the show, especially during the "pitch-black" ninth season. He reasoned "there are the downbeats, and then you need the relief in the tension." The name Vicki Burdick came from a high school student Chris Carter knew. Carter felt that he needed to kill the character "all out of fondness." Before casting Ellen Greene, Carter had first spotted her on the movie, "The Little Shop of Horrors" both in "New York and Los Angeles." The first scene shot for Greene's character took a "long day". Carter called her a "trooper" and said she was open to the direction he gave her. She had a lot of information to remember, which made the scene even more difficult. The set for that scene was created by Tim Stepeck who was the set decorator during the ninth season. Annabeth Gish later revealed that her lines were difficult to remember. She explained, "I remember learning my lines and thinking, 'Oh my God. I've got to memorize this. It's scary. Like physics united theory, all of that."
This was the last episode filmed by Carter to feature Scully in the FBI autopsy scene at 20th Century Fox. The different numbers seen in this scene was used to "conceit, this idea that numerology is an important part of our life and plays a part, but it really is just used here to illustrate the idea of patterns, patterns of behavior, of the ways in which numbers rule both the universe and our lives and our ability to solve things, to solve our mysteries of life, to solve these cases, which will lead them, as we'll see as the act comes to a close here, they are both and Reyes believers of the numerological episode." The tagline for this episode is "Dio Ti Ama", meaning "God loves you" in Italian, replacing the usual phrase "The Truth is Out There." The normal line "Executive Producer: Chris Carter" is also rendered in Italian, reading, "Produttore Esecutivo: Chris Carter".
Casting.
Burt Reynolds was chosen for "Improbable" after he expressed his desire to appear in an episode of "The X-Files" to Robert Patrick. Carter approved the idea and told Patrick that he would "write something good". He later noted that "as a young man, meant something to me" and that the opportunity to work with him was "surreal". After Carter had written the script, he presented it to Reynolds for his approval; Reynolds approved of the script and agreed to be in the episode. Robert Patrick later noted that Reynolds "had a great time, and he loved working with everybody."
Effects and music.
The final scene, featuring Burt's face superimposed onto the cityscape, was created by special effects supervisor Mat Beck. The only actual footage in the scene is a pull-back shot of the carnival that was filmed 110 feet in the air via crane. A CGI cityscape was then created that resembled Burt Reynolds' head. The two shots were sewn together, and a blur effect was added to "it sell". An alternate version of the scene was created that featured Chris Carter's head instead of Reynolds'. This version was included as a bonus feature on the season nine DVD set. The score for the episode, like the rest of the series, was composed by Mark Snow. Snow based much of the music in the episode off of records made by Karl Zéro, on the request of Carter. Carter later noted that "I had heard his music and it was so far out and it fit with exactly what I wanted to do because I wanted to recreate [the yearly celebration in Little Italy. [...] I wanted to create that festival."
Themes.
According to Chris Carter, the "whole" idea behind the episode was about numbers and that the "significance of numbers in our lives starts here on the card table where the players are being dealt a hand each." He continued with "the idea is that we're all dealt hands, genetic hands, and maybe even numerological hands that give us basically the tools with which we deal and/or use for our lives." He further stated that the idea was that it was "free will" and "fate", continued with that fate was determined by our own genetics.
This theme is profoundly demonstrated as the character of God describes three playing cards that he is using in a street-side shell game as being two clowns (joker cards) and a king in a crown, which is likely symbolic of the two thieves who were referenced in the Gospels as being crucified on either side of Jesus Christ, the king card (in a crown) being the son of God.
The villain in the story, Mad Wayne, had been dealt a bad hand in life. Because of his situation, he acts on his bad impulses. Carter elaborated, "Is it fate that Wayne is about, the character, this is what I was interested in exploring here. As we'll see with the introduction in a moment of a character who throws all of this into question – God – we're going to see what his place is in all of this, or at least explore what Burt Reynolds, playing God here, has to do with the character Wayne." The main idea behind the episode, was that God knows all the numbers, because they are his numbers and he is laying them down and is in "charge of the big game". Being that God is trying to show "us the game", as it was a "game" to be "won or lost", and Wayne has lost this game.
Reception.
"Improbable" first aired in the United States on April 14, 2002. The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 5.1, meaning that it was seen by 5.1% of the nation's estimated households. The episode was viewed by 5.38 million households and 9.1 million viewers "Improbable" was the 57th most watched episode of television that aired during the week ending April 14.
The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics. Jessica Morgan from Television Without Pity awarded the episode a B+. Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", rated the episode four stars out of five, and called the script "very witty". The two wrote that "the brilliance of Chris Carter's direction" allowed the viewer of the episode to see it "from God's point of view". Shearman and Pearson concluded that the episode "is not as smart as it thinks it is. But it's still pretty smart." John Keegan from Critical Myth, on the other hand, gave the episode a more mixed review and awarded it a 6 out of 10. He wrote, "Overall, this episode was amusing enough, but there was nothing about it that would prompt me to rank it as highly as the more inspired “lite” episodes of previous seasons. And considering that the sixth and seventh seasons suffered tremendously from too many episodes like this, it’s a shame to see them do it again."
The Guardian listed "Improbable" as one of the "13 best X-Files episodes ever". UGO named God/Mr. Burt as one of the "Top 11 X-Files Monsters," noting that "As creator Chris Carter imagines him, is a benevolent deity, constantly prodding his creatures to look at the patterns before them, to see the overall plan that he's laid out. He's doomed to failure, and he knows it, though it doesn't stop him from trying."

</doc>
<doc id="19266154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266154" title="Jim Love (rugby union)">
Jim Love (rugby union)

James Hector Love, known as Jim Love (born 17 January 1953), is a New Zealand rugby union coach and a former footballer.
He played for Marlborough, at the NPC, and was an international player for the New Zealand Māori team.
He was also the coach for the Maori Squad, from 1998 to 2001, winning even 22 matches in a row.
Love also helped Marlborough to win the NPC Division Three in 1997.
He was assigned for Tonga, at September 2001.
He was the coach of the Oceanian team at the 2003 Rugby World Cup finals.
Tonga lost all the four matches, but achieved a bonus point at the 20-27 loss to Wales.
He was a co-founder in 1999 of the New Zealand Sports Academy in Rotorua with Darrel Shelford
Since 2007 he has been coaching the Italian side Rugby Viadana; under his coaching Viadana won the 2006-07 Italian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19266157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266157" title="Abrahamsberg metro station">
Abrahamsberg metro station

Abrahamsberg is a station in the Stockholm metro in the Abrahamsberg district of Stockholm. The station was opened in 1952. 
As part of "Art in the Stockholm metro" project, this station features tiling in both the ticket hall and stairwell in a grey scale. A stoneware frieze in the ticket hall, created by Rigmor Roxner was installed in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19266213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266213" title="José Moreno (baseball)">
José Moreno (baseball)

José de los Santos Mauricio Moreno (born November 1, 1957 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball player. He played all or part of three seasons in the majors between and , playing for a different team in each season. He currently serves as manager of the High Desert Mavericks.
Although Moreno played in 82 games in his major league career, he played no more than 7 games in the field at any one position, and just 20 games in the field in all. Most of his appearances came as a pinch hitter, with some as a pinch runner as well.
After his playing career, Moreno continued to work in baseball. In , Moreno managed the Seattle Mariners' entry in the Arizona Fall League, who won the league championship that year. In , Moreno was named manager of the Everett AquaSox of the Northwest League. On January 13, , he was named the manager of the Peoria Mariners. After the 2009 season he was named the manager of the Short-Season Everett AquaSox of the Northwest League. He was named the Mavericks' manager for the 2011 season on December 9, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19266215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266215" title="Robert Barker (printer)">
Robert Barker (printer)

Robert Barker (died 1645) was a printer to James I of England and son of Christopher Barker, who had been printer to Queen Elizabeth I. Barker was most notably the printer of the King James Bible, one of the most influential and important books ever printed in the English language. He co-published the infamous "Wicked Bible", which contained a typographical error omitting the word "not" from the sentence "Thou shalt not commit adultery".
Printing career.
After working in the printing business for some time, Robert began working with his father's printing company in 1589 and inherited the printing house on 29 November 1599 upon his father's death. Much of Robert's printing work was of an official nature, including prayer books, scriptures, and law books.
The Wicked Bible.
The Wicked Bible, also known as "The Adulterous Bible" or "The Sinners' Bible" was published in 1631 by Robert Barker and Martin Lucas, both royal printers in London, and was intended to be a word-for-word reprint of the King James Bible. However, in the Ten Commandments (Exodus 20:14) the word "not" in the sentence "Thou shalt not commit adultery" was omitted. About a year later, Barker and Lucas were fined £300 (roughly equivalent to 33,800 pounds today) and were deprived of their printer's licences by whom?. The fact that this edition of the Bible contained such a flagrant mistake outraged Charles I of England and George Abbot, the Archbishop of Canterbury, who said then:
"I knew the tyme when great care was had about printing, the Bibles especially, good compositors and the best correctors were gotten being grave and learned men, the paper and the letter rare, and faire every way of the beste, but now the paper is nought, the composers boyes, and the correctors unlearned."
By order of the king, the authors were called to the Star Chamber, where, upon the fact being proved, the whole impression was called in, and they were fined. The majority of copies of the Wicked Bible were immediately cancelled and burned, and it is rumoured that only eleven survive.
Imprisonment.
In 1635, Barker was imprisoned. In spite of working on what should have been very lucrative business, Robert was not a good businessman and it may well have been this lack of experience and desperation that led him into trouble with the law, not to mention the controversy surrounding the Wicked Bible and resultant fine. In and out of prison for the next 10 years, Barker ultimately died there in 1645.

</doc>
<doc id="19266227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266227" title="Frances GABe">
Frances GABe

Frances GABe is an American artist and inventor perhaps most well known for designing and building the Self-Cleaning House in Newberg, Oregon.
Life.
Born in 1915 as Frances Grace Arnholtz on a ranch near Boise, Idaho, she was a self-proclaimed "unusual" person. It wasn't until after her divorce from Herbert Grant Bateson that she changed her surname to GABe. The actual self-cleaning house was granted a patent from the U.S. government, along with 25 additional patents for individual inventions unique to the house. Her psychiatrist once remarked, "You're many times over a genius. The world belongs to you, and don't let anyone tell you anything different."

</doc>
<doc id="19266244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266244" title="Vårby gård metro station">
Vårby gård metro station

Vårby gård is a station in the Stockholm metro in the Vårby district of Stockholm. The station was opened in 1972. 
As part of "Art in the Stockholm metro" project, the station features a "Flora" mural, created by Rolf Bergström 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19266281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266281" title="HMS Wrangler">
HMS Wrangler

Five ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Wrangler". A sixth was planned but never completed:

</doc>
<doc id="19266285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266285" title="Katia Skanavi">
Katia Skanavi

Katia Skanavi (born in Moscow, 1971) is a Russian pianist of Greek descent.
Skavani started a concert career after being awarded the XXII Long-Thibaud Competition's 3rd prize at 18. In 1994 she won Athens' Maria Callas Grand Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19266304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266304" title="The Badloves">
The Badloves

The Badloves is an Australian band that formed in 1990, dissolved in 1997 and reformed in 2008.
History.
1993.
Collaboration with Jimmy Barnes, The Weight, hits the Top 10 (December)
1996.
A follow-up live album, "Everybody Everywhere", was recorded at the Continental Café in Melbourne in 1996.
Biography.
The liner notes of The Badloves’ multi-platinum debut album, "Get On Board", started ""Some years are like that: too busy, too distracted, too fuzzed out. You miss things. Great music passes you by. Then, years later, you find it.”"
The band – responsible for such singles as "Lost", "Green Limousine", "I Remember" and "Caroline", as well as the cover of "The Weight" with Jimmy Barnes – is working on a brand new album.
"“I know it’s been a long break,”" says bass player John Favaro, "“but the chemistry is still there. We’ve all been doing other things, but it’s very hard to find that chemistry elsewhere. There’s nothing like The Badloves.”"
"“It all came together organically,”" explains singer Michael Spiby. "“We were always bumping into each other and whenever we got together on stage, the songs would come alive. I don’t know what it is, but it works. So I said, ‘We should put the band back together.”"
The Badloves released just two studio albums before taking some time out – 1993s "Get On Board" (which spent 69 weeks on the charts, peaked at number five, won three ARIA Awards and went double platinum) and 1995s "Holy Roadside" (which went gold and reached number 14).
The band never officially broke up. There was no farewell tour. "“We just stopped playing at the start of 1997,”" John says.
"“I think we were just tired,”" Michael adds. "“Those years were so intense; it’s a bit of a blur. We just didn’t have any balance in our lives.”"
This time around, the guys are working to their own schedule. "“We’ve come back with no big expectations or preconceptions or deadlines,”" John says. "“It’s all about simply making some more good music.”"
"“We just want to make a new album that we’re proud of,”" Michael continues. "“And if we love it enough, hopefully other people will love it as well.”"
The Badloves are making the new album in Adelaide and Sydney.
"“I know people now just get on iTunes and download songs, but we’re traditionalists,”" John states. "“We enjoy listening to albums, that’s the medium we like. We want to create an album that takes you on a journey.”"
And The Badloves “new” sound? "“I don’t think the band has changed much musically. I think we’ve just gone back to the influences that we had back then. We’re still into real instruments and real sounds and real playing.”"
As author Andrew Masterson wrote on the back of The Badloves debut single, "Lost": “Knob-twiddling wizardry has its place in music, but its influence will never be as strong, or as enduring, as the sounds produced by the classic combination of two guitars, bass, drums and a mega-whomping Hammond organ … The Badloves both continue and extend the grand tradition of such music, pushing out a sound that would have seemed quite at home at Muscle Shoals in 1967, while remaining as fresh and original as tomorrow.”
Inspired by the past, The Badloves are a band that’s very much focused on the future.
"“It feels like we’re starting again,”" Michael says. "“We have to prove ourselves, which is very exciting.”"

</doc>
<doc id="19266306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266306" title="Madison Range">
Madison Range

The Madison Range is a mountain range located in the Rocky Mountains of Montana and Idaho, U.S. The range was named in honor of future President of the United States, then U.S. Secretary of State James Madison by Meriwether Lewis as the Lewis and Clark Expedition travelled through Montana in 1805. The range extends from West Yellowstone, Montana to Bozeman, Montana and is flanked by the Madison River on the west and the Gallatin River to the east. The highest point in the range is Hilgard Peak at , a remote peak that wasn't climbed until 1948.
The Madison Range is the westernmost section of what is collectively referred to as the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem. Most of the range lies within Beaverhead-Deerlodge and Gallatin National Forests. A small portion of the range has been further protected with the creation of the Lee Metcalf Wilderness. The region has grizzly and black bears and at least one pack of wolves. Most other larger mammal species native to the region continue to exist in the range.
Not far to the south of Hilgard Peak, lies Quake Lake, which was created after the 1959 Yellowstone earthquake, a 7.5 magnitude earthquake, caused a huge landslide which dammed the Madison River.

</doc>
<doc id="19266308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266308" title="Iran at the 1988 Summer Paralympics">
Iran at the 1988 Summer Paralympics

Athletes from the Islamic Republic of Iran competed at the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, South Korea.
Results by event.
Athletics.
Men
Goalball.
Men
Powerlifting.
Men
Volleyball.
Men's sitting

</doc>
<doc id="19266309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266309" title="Laurent Sciarra">
Laurent Sciarra

Laurent Sciarra (born August 8, 1973 in Nice, France) is a former French basketball player.
Sciarra began his professional career in 1990 with Hyères-Toulon Var Basket and moved to Paris Basket Racing in 1993, where he played until 1997 on the club's championship season. Sciarra then moved abroad for one season, playing with Ciudad de Huelva in Spain and Pallacanestro Treviso in Italy before returning to Paris. In 2001, Sciarra again moved abroad and spent a season with Panionios in Greece. Following two more seasons with Paris Basket Racing, Sciarra played at BCM Gravelines for one season. In 2005, he began play with JDA Dijon, where he stayed until his transfer to Entente Orléanaise 45 in 2008. 
Sciarra has played internationally for France and was a member of their silver-medal winning squad at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was the best scorer of the final, with 19 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19266346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266346" title="Streetprices">
Streetprices

StreetPrices was founded in October 1997, making it the third price comparison service website, behind PriceWatch (1995) and ComputerESP/uVision (1996). StreetPrices was the first site to offer price graphs and price alerts (both released by December 1998), and was listed in the Consumer Reports Buying Guide every year in which they listed price comparison services by name. They focused primarily on digital cameras, consumer electronics, and computer components like disk drives and RAM, with some coverage of other shopping categories. 
StreetPrices offered comparison shopping with merchant ratings and tax/shipping calculation. Major categories like digital cameras and TVs let users "search by specs". StreetPrices also offered price graphs, now showing the daily high and low price for each item, with data going back as far as two years.
Also available were an AIM bot (streetpricesbot), and price comparison widgets that publishers could put on their web pages.
Closed as of 2012

</doc>
<doc id="19266349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266349" title="Ottawa Housing Corporation">
Ottawa Housing Corporation

Ottawa Community Housing Corporation is the largest social housing provider in Ottawa, and the second largest in Ontario. (behind only Toronto) It provides affordable housing to approximately 32,000 people in 162 communities across the city. 
La Société de logement communautaire d'Ottawa. 
History.
The Ottawa Community Housing Corporation is the result of a merger between Ottawa Housing and City Living which took place in 2004.
Communities.
www.och.ca

</doc>
<doc id="19266360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266360" title="Henry Clay Smith">
Henry Clay Smith

Henry Clay Smith was born February 7, 1874 in Santa Clara, California, one of 12 children born to German immigrants Charles Christian Smith (1838-1927) and Maria Pfieffer (1845-1916). Charles, a co-founder, with his brother of the town of Evergreen, California, now part of San Jose, was a blacksmith, who found success in real estate (Smith Phelps Realty) and lumber (President of Union Mill and Lumber, Co.)
Henry was able to study at the University of Pennsylvania, where he was mentored by James Hamilton Windrim (1840-1919). Upon graduation, Smith would spend four years working with the firm of James H. Windrim & Son (John Torrey Windrim, 1866-1934), returning to the San Francisco bay area to set up practice with a partner, Louis S. Stone, in 1900. The partners would specialize in schools, apartments and houses until they dissolved their partnership in 1909. He subsequently practiced solo, continuing the development of a signature talent in the siting of buildings on San Francisco's hilly terrain, and became known as "The Hillside Architect." Smith was adept at many architectural styles; there are fine examples in Spanish, Mission and Tudor Revival, Italian Renaissance and Neo-Classicism, often informed with an Arts and Crafts sensibility. He was awarded the Jury Prize "for schoolhouse architecture" at the 1915 Panama-Pacific International Exposition.
Smith was married in Philadelphia on April 25, 1900, to Lillian Troth. They had a son, John Windrim Smith, and a daughter, Elizabeth Clay Smith. They made a home in Los Gatos, California, "Far Hills," where Smith could indulge his artistic imagination and love of landscape architecture.
Henry Clay Smith died on December 10, 1945, resident in his Cloister Apartments in San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="19266372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266372" title="Ricardo Del Río Galnares">
Ricardo Del Río Galnares

Ricardo Del Río Galnares is a film producer born in Mexico City, Mexico. He has co-produced over a dozen U.S. feature films and production managed twice as many international features.
Career.
His experience dates back since 1983 starting as a visual effects coordinator, editor and post-production supervisor; later specializing in American feature films shot in Mexico as a production coordinator, production supervisor, unit production manager, line producer and co-Producer; his credits include films such as "Once Upon a Time in Mexico" and "Borderland" as first assistant director as well as "Vantage Point", "", "Deadly Swarm" and "Wild World" as 2nd Unit Director.
Since year 2000, Ricardo Del Río has co-produced/line produced nearly over a dozen American feature films including "Nacho Libre", "The Matador", "The Mexican", "Beverly Hills Chihuahua", and "Fast & Furious" for Universal; during this time he has also managed or supervised the Mexico Units of films such as "Kill Bill Vol. 2", "The Heartbreak Kid", "The Cave", "You Don't Mess with the Zohan" and "Limitless" through his company Art In Motion in Mexico. 
Although specialized in American features shot in Mexico, Ricardo Del Río has written and produced several Mexican Feature Films. A co-founder of the National Film Commission – Mexico and the Puerto Vallarta Film Commission, Ricardo Del Río has worked closely with Mexican Unions and Government Institutions to help develop a reliable film industry that can provide quality services in Mexico to any production regardless of nationality, complexity or budget size.

</doc>
<doc id="19266411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266411" title="University Hospital of Zürich">
University Hospital of Zürich

The University Hospital of Zurich (, USZ) is the university hospital of Zürich, Switzerland. It is the country's largest hospital.
The first hospital in Zürich, whose continuation the University Hospital ultimately is, is recorded as having existed as early as 1204. The name, location and buildings have since changed many times. As of 2008, the hospital employs a staff of 6,100, providing medical care to 160,000 ambulant and over 30,000 stationary patients each year in 42 clinics.
Scientists and physicians of international renown who have practiced at the hospital include Ferdinand Sauerbruch, Adriano Aguzzi and Rolf M. Zinkernagel; the latter received a Nobel Prize for research done at the hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="19266461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266461" title="Redrum (The X-Files)">
Redrum (The X-Files)

"Redrum" is the sixth episode of the eighth season of the American science fiction television series "The X-Files". It premiered on the Fox network on . The story for the episode was developed by Steven Maeda and Daniel Arkin, the teleplay was written by Maeda, and the episode was directed by Peter Markle. "Redrum" is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology. The episode received a Nielsen rating of 8.1 and was viewed by 13.2 million households. Overall, the episode received moderately positive reviews from critics.
The series centers on FBI special agents Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) and her new partner John Doggett (Robert Patrick)—following the alien abduction of her former partner, Fox Mulder (David Duchovny)—who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. In this episode, a lawyer friend of Doggett's named Martin Wells tries to clear his name of the crime after his wife is murdered. Unfortunately for him, his perception of time regresses backwards, day by day. This leads to confusion, but ultimately an answer as to who killed Wells' wife.
"Redrum", described as a "Twilight Zone-type thriller" by critics, heavily featured the actor Joe Morton, who had previously played a role in the 1991 sci-fi film "" alongside series co-star Robert Patrick. The title of the episode was purposely picked by episode writer Steven Maeda to be "murder" spelled backwards. The episode's main character, Martin Wells, was named after famed 19th century author H.G. Wells.
Plot.
Martin Wells, a renowned Baltimore prosecutor, wakes up in a prison cell and notices a stitched up wound on his right cheek. A guard enters and takes him for his transfer. Wells' long-time friend, John Doggett (Robert Patrick), and his partner, Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson), await him and warn of reporters outside. As he exits the building, a man Wells recognizes draws a pistol and shoots him. Wells stares at Scully’s watch as he dies. The hands stop and then begin to turn backwards.
Upon waking up again, Wells is surprised to find no bullet wounds on his body. Scully and Doggett arrive to interrogate Wells, but he is confused about what is going on. A furious Doggett claims that he has been accused of murdering his wife, Vicky, and initially believes that Wells is faking his confusion in order to build an insanity defense. However, Doggett shows signs of doubt when he notices Wells' genuine anguish over Vicky's death. Wells is brought into court and he recognizes his father-in-law, Al Cawdry, as the man who shot him. When Wells' next court date is announced to be Thursday, he realizes that he has somehow travelled back to the day before his shooting. When the judge decides to transfer Wells to a different cell, he makes a scene in the court and accuses Cawdry of planning to kill him during the transfer.
In his second meeting of the day with Scully and Doggett, Wells explains that he cannot remember the last few days. Scully suggests that maybe he did do it. Wells begins having flashes of the murder but they are unclear. Waiting in his cell, he kills a spider. Later, a nanny cam from his house reveals that the only person to arrive between the police’s arrival and the last time his wife is on camera is Martin Wells. Eventually, Wells meets his lawyers and tells them about the nanny cam. However, it turns out that it is Wednesday: Wells is somehow “living the week backwards”.
While going to meet Doggett and Scully, Wells gets shoved into a dominos game and while picking them up gets slashed on his right cheek from a man with the spider web tattoo on his hand. Wells tells Doggett and Scully that he is moving backwards in time and cannot recall the past few days. Doggett is skeptical, but Scully hears him out. Wells says there must be a reason for it and Scully suggests that the answer may already be within him. Studying the evidence of the case, Wells has a flash of the murder that reveals the knife in a hand with a spider web tattoo.
Martin next awakes in Doggett's home. Wells tells Doggett the description of the killer but the man isn’t in lock-up yet because that won’t happen until Wednesday. Doggett and Wells arrive at the apartment and retrieve the nanny cam, but discover that someone disabled the cam and used its remote control, a device no one knew about except Mr. and Mrs. Wells and their nanny, Trina Galvez. At Trina Galvez’s home, Wells and Doggett discover the killer, a man named Cesar Ocumpo, who threatened to kill Galvez's family if she refused him entrance. At the station house, Doggett informs Wells that Ocumpo only wants to talk to him. Ocumpo reveals that his brother, Hector, was sentenced to time in prison for a false conviction. Wells bargains with Cesar Ocumpo, saying that if Cesar confesses to Vicky’s murder, he will take a look at his brother’s case. Cesar tells him that Hector hung himself in a jail cell a few weeks ago. Doggett calls Martin Wells out into the hall and the police arrest Martin because they have a case against him. Evidence against Ocumpo isn’t strong enough yet.
Martin wakes up, having moved back to the day before. He rushes home to try and save his wife, asking Doggett for him. Martin admits to evidence suppression and that Hector Ocumpo’s brother is out for revenge. Wells and his wife hide. Suddenly, they hear someone else at the door. Ocumpo appears and accosts Wells. Vicky Wells comes out of hiding but is thrown through the coffee table. As Ocumpo prepares to slit her throat, he is shot dead by timely arriving Doggett. Wells eventually goes to prison for his evidence suppression, a punishment he feels he deserves.
Production.
"Redrum", described as a "Twilight Zone-type thriller" in "The Complete X-Files", was developed by Steven Maeda and Daniel Arkin, while the teleplay was written solely by Maeda. Maeda purposely picked the title to be the backwards spelling of "murder"; notably, the same plot device was used by novelist—and one-time "X-Files" writer—Stephen King in his book "The Shining". Furthermore, Maeda used the spider and its web to symbolize Martin Wells' confusion at being trapped in his situation. Wells was played by noted actor Joe Morton who had previously played a role in the 1991 sci-fi film "". Robert Patrick later noted that "Joe Morton is a fantastic actor. We never worked together in ["Terminator 2"], but we're in that movie together. And Joe was "The Brother from Another Planet"."
The scene of Martin Wells' assassination was filmed at the "legendary" Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles. This location, which has been the shooting location for over 200 productions, including "Forrest Gump" and "Pretty Woman", is perhaps more infamous as the site of Presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy's assassination by Sirhan Sirhan in 1968. Several of the names in the episode were allusions to historical figures or acquaintances of the writer. Most notably, Martin Wells is named after famed 19th century author H.G. Wells, noted for his contributions to science fiction with "The Time Machine" in 1896 and "The War of the Worlds" in 1898. Furthermore, the character of Janet Wilson, the lawyer of Wells, was named after Maeda's wife.
Reception.
"Redrum" first aired on Fox on December 10, 2000. The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 8.1, meaning that it was seen by 8.1% of the nation's estimated households. The episode was viewed by 8.16 million households, and 13.2 million viewers. The episode ranked as the 40th most-watched episode for the week ending December 10. The episode subsequently aired in the United Kingdom on the BBC Two on April 14, 2002. Fox promoted the episode with the tagline "How do you stop a murder that's already happened?"
Critical reception to the episode was moderately positive, although several reviewers criticized the episode's monologues. Television Without Pity writer Jessica Morgan rated the episode a "B+". Morgan criticized the episode's narrative, sardonically noting that Martin Wells was a "man who may get a second chance. At life. At truth. At pretentious, overlong monologues." Juliette Harrisson of Den of Geek wrote positively of the episode, calling it "an excellent backwards episode, in which the audience is left satisfied that the horrific event that sparked it off has been prevented, but the guest protagonist has to pay a high price for the happy outcome." However, she was slightly critical that the episode "barely features the regular characters at all". Paula Vitaris from "Cinefantastique" gave the episode a moderately positive review and awarded it three stars out of four. She called the episode "a double mystery: on one hand Martin's investigation of his wife's murder; and on the other, an investigation into the workings of his own soul." Vitaris, too, was critical of the ending monologue, noting that "the voiceover ruins the mood of the final shot."
Zack Handlen of "The A.V. Club" awarded the episode a "B+", writing that it was an "example of an episode that starts off strong, only to fumble when it comes to the follow through". He was particularly praiseworthy towards Morton's performance, noting that his presence "more than makes up for" the lack of Doggett and Scully. He concluded that the episode is "a smart that the script makes Wells in some way culpable for what happened, and tries to establish him as a merciless hard-ass" but that the "reveal is never really satisfying." Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", gave the episode a moderately positive review and rated it three-and-a-half stars out of five. The two noted that the episode was "constructed with great skill by Steven Maeda and Daniel Arkin." Despite this, Shearman and Pearson noted that "with the series in flux, this is an especially unhelpful time to attempt an episode which so abandons the house style; "The X-Files" urgently needs to assert what it is, not what it isn't."

</doc>
<doc id="19266464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266464" title="Kuppenheimer">
Kuppenheimer

B. Kuppenheimer & Co., or simply Kuppenheimer, was a men's clothing manufacturing and retail operation based in Chicago, Illinois and later Atlanta, Georgia. 
History.
Bernard Kuppenheimer and his son started the firm in 1876, after having been a partner in the Chicago clothing firm of Kohn, Claybugh & Einstein. Upon emigrating to America in 1850, Bernard Kuppenheimer founded a retail clothing store in Terre Haute, Indiana in 1852. Bernard relocated to Chicago in 1866, leaving the Terre Haute store under the supervision of his brother John. In 1906, the Chicago firm operated "The House of Kuppenheimer" branches in Boston and New York, with sales in Washington, D.C. handled by Isidor Grosner of 1013 Pennsylvania Ave., NW. During the 1st World War Kuppenheimer's was the manufacturer of uniforms for the U.S. Army. The company grew to employ close to 2,000 men and women at shops around Chicago in 1910. 
In March 1963, the firm was purchased by Louis Roth & Co., Inc. of Los Angeles for $3 million. The firm continued as a leading manufacturer of men's clothing until 1982, when it was purchased by Hart Schaffner & Marx (later Hartmarx). By the mid-1990s, after the headquarters moved to Atlanta, sales were lagging, many of its stores were closing, and it entered into bankruptcy. Hartmarx completed the divestiture of its retail operations when it sold the company in 1995, to an intermediate investment group. The Men's Wearhouse purchased the bankrupt Kuppenheimer in 1997, who closed many more Kuppenheimer stores and eventually folded the Kuppenheimer business into its own by liquidating the remaining assets.

</doc>
<doc id="19266469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266469" title="The Uncensored Mouse">
The Uncensored Mouse

The Uncensored Mouse was a comic book series published by Eternity Comics in 1989. The title derives from the fact that the strips were unedited.
History.
The series reprinted Mickey Mouse comics from the 1930s, though the strips were published without Disney's permission. As result of this, Eternity Comics printed the comic with totally black covers, bag and boarded (to prevent casual buyers from flipping through the comic), and the inside of the comic had a printed notice "Mickey Mouse is a registered trademark of Walt Disney Productions" so as not to confuse the market that it was an authorized Disney production. However, Eternity Comics had not violated any copyrights as the strips had fallen into public domain. Regardless, Disney brought a lawsuit against the company and the series was cancelled after two issues (a third issue had been planned).
Content.
The strips were reprinted un-cut and as such contained racial stereotypes, language, and other things deemed inappropriate. Content such as this was more commonplace when the strip was first published in the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="19266487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266487" title="Saitama Prefectural Museum of the Sakitama Ancient Burial Mounds">
Saitama Prefectural Museum of the Sakitama Ancient Burial Mounds

The is a museum in Gyōda, Saitama, Japan. The building is inside of Sakitama Kofun Park. It is one of Japan's many museums which are supported by a prefecture. 
The museum was originally established as in 1969 as part of the construction of , an archeological preserve encompassing the Sakitama Kofun Cluster. In 2006, Saitama Prefecture renamed the museum as Museum of the Sakitama Ancient Burial Mounds and made its goals the research, collection, preservation of the site's archeological data as well as educating the site’s cultural and historical value to its visitors.
Nearly 100,000 visitors come to the museum every year to learn about Sakitama Kofun Cluster and its artifacts, including a national treasure, Inariyama Sword. The museum consists of two buildings, Sakitama Shiseki Hall and Shōgunyama Kofun Exhibit Hall, which opened in 1997 and allows visitors to walk inside of the reconstructed stone chamber of the Shōgunyama Kofun. 

</doc>
<doc id="19266519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266519" title="Treehouse of Horror XX">
Treehouse of Horror XX

"Treehouse of Horror XX" is the fourth episode of "The Simpsons"' twenty-first season. The episode first aired on October 18, 2009 on Fox. This is the twentieth "Treehouse of Horror" installment, containing three self-contained stories: In "Dial 'M' for Murder or Press '#' to Return to Main Menu," Lisa is forced into a Hitchcockian murder scheme by Bart; in "Don't Have a Cow, Mankind," Springfield is once again overrun by zombies thanks to Krusty Burger's latest sandwich; and in the "Sweeney Todd" parody, "There's No Business Like Moe Business," Moe the bartender bleeds Homer dry to create the perfect microbrewed beer. An estimated 8.59 million viewers tuned in to watch the episode. This is the first Treehouse of Horror episode to air in HD.
Plot.
Opening.
Traditional horror movie characters such as Frankenstein's Monster, the Mummy, the Wolf Man, and Dracula roam the streets of Springfield on Halloween night. After they are teased by Dolph, Jimbo, and Kearney, they get new, more modern costumes from a Halloween store, with Frankenstein's monster as SpongeBob, Dracula as Iron Man, The Wolf Man as Harry Potter and The Mummy as Captain Jack Sparrow. They then go to an adult Halloween party thrown by Homer and Marge, but are soon confronted by their wives, who are angry that their husbands lied about going to kill children. Homer tries to intervene as the wives begin to assault their husbands, only to be decapitated, and his eyes are then replaced with two red x's, the title of the episode then appears onscreen.
Dial 'M' for Murder or Press '#' to Return to Main Menu.
In this black and white segment, Lisa wants revenge after being sent to detention by Ms. Hoover for disrupting class as she claims another student topped her through a tutor. Bart hatches a "criss-cross" plan and tells Lisa that if she pulls a "ding-dong ditch" on Mrs. Krabappel, he will do the same to Ms. Hoover. Lisa thinks this means ringing the bell at Mrs. Krabappel's apartment and leaving. However, Lisa soon learns that Bart meant for her to kill Mrs. Krabappel (and dump the corpse in a ditch), as he has killed Ms. Hoover. Bart attempts to coax Lisa into killing Mrs. Krabappel with a paper cutter, but she refuses. Eventually, Bart decides to blackmail her into it with help from Willie, who would frame Lisa for the decapitated Skinner to honor his side of the "criss-cross" in which Bart killed Skinner. Realizing that Bart would frame her for these incidents, Lisa tricks him into belief that she was submitting at his will only to get a knife from his hands and attempts to kill Bart in self-defense, beginning a chase sequence. Bart finally finds shelter at a crowded playground carousel, but is left at Lisa's mercy when the other children leave to get ice cream. Lisa, however, recognizing that she would not be better than Bart, says she will never be a murderer, and attempts to throw the knife away. The knife cycles out of control and ends up nailing Bart in the head just as Mrs. Krabappel appears, pleased at his death. Despite her shock for accidentally killed Bart, Lisa agrees that it is better this way and she and Krabappel walk away smiling, leaving the murdered Bart to spin around on the carousel.
Don't Have a Cow, Mankind.
Krusty the Clown introduces a new version of his Krusty Burger, the Burger2, made from cattle that have eaten other cattle in their feed. Upon eating a burger on live television, Kent Brockman begins to comment on the taste before turning, gray, red-eyed, and cannibalistic, starting a chain reaction of people getting eaten. Twenty-eight days later, Springfield has become overrun by zombies (again and for the third time, not counting a Halloween-themed couch gag) -- only now, they are referred to as "munchers." The Simpsons are established to be one of the few survivors.
One day, Bart, tired of eating fruit, so he escapes from his family's barricaded house and eats one of the burgers, but turns out to be immune to its effects. Over the phone, a besieged Dr. Hibbert (who is fighting back quite well until the end of the phone call) tells them that Bart's immunity may be the key to developing a cure to the epidemic, a genetic "chosen one", and that they must bring Bart to a so-called "safe zone" outside the city. The Simpsons are attacked by the munchers after a failed attempt to sneak out. They are saved by Apu (after Rainier Wolfcastle failed his attempt at being the Simpsons' savior (Come with me if you want to live!) and got eaten almost immediately after his entrance), driving an armored off-road truck. Apu explains that he was never infected because, as a vegan and a Hindu, he is morally opposed to eating anything that was once an animal, and, as a convenience store clerk, he is "armed to the teeth" in case of a store robbery or a zombie apocalypse.
The group tries to leave Springfield, but Apu winds up crashing the truck on top of a pile of smashed cars. Apu goes to push the car off the pile, but the Simpsons drive away thinking Apu sacrificed himself, when he actually wanted the Simpsons to wait for him. After Apu is killed, the Simpsons drive on but run out of gas, walking the rest of the way to the safe zone. During their journey, Homer is bitten by a muncher Mr. Burns after picking off his nose, thinking he was dead, thus turning him into a muncher himself. The family decide not to kill him in the hopes of finding a cure. They reach the safe zone, where Bart – being immune to the muncher virus – is worshiped as the "chosen one". However, the people there believe that cannibalizing Bart will save them from the virus. The Simpsons, however, think of another solution: vaccinating the remaining populace (including Ralph Wiggum) by having Bart bathe in their food before eating it.
There's No Business Like Moe Business.
In a segment presented like a Broadway musical, Moe is lonely and upset that he does not have a girlfriend and is jealous when he sees Homer and Marge together. When Homer falls into the basement of the bar and is impaled by the microbrew pipes, his blood becomes the secret ingredient in Moe's new beer. Everyone loves this new beer, saying that it makes them feel warm, secure and cozy on the inside. Moe uses this to his advantage and woos Marge, (Moe, it tastes like coffee mixed with rainbow!) tricking her into thinking that Homer came out of the closet as a homosexual and left Marge, when in reality, Homer is slowly dying from losing blood. Homer emerges, alive, despite being impaled by Moe's microbrew machine, hurls a dummy of Moe across the room, and reunites with Marge.
Ending.
Then, the whole audience except Kang and Kodos gather onstage and conclude the episode by singing "Number XX".
Cultural references.
The first segment includes parodies of the Alfred Hitchcock films "Psycho", "Strangers on a Train", "North by Northwest", and "Spellbound", as well as a reference to the film "Vertigo" (in particular the "Vertigo effect"). The main theme from "North by Northwest" by Bernard Herrmann is used extensively during the first part. Also, the title of the segment takes its name from the film "Dial M for Murder". The second segment features elements of the various Zombie apocalypse films and "Children of Men". The title of No Business Like Moe Business is a parody of the song "There's No Business Like Show Business" and was inspired by "Sweeney Todd".
Homer refers to McBain as "another politician that can't keep promises" possibly referencing The Simpsons Movie.
Reception.
"Treehouse of Horror XX" was watched by 8.59 million viewers and was the most watched of "Fox's Animation Domination", ahead of "American Dad" and "The Cleveland Show". The show was the fourth most watched episode on Fox after "House", "The OT", and "Family Guy" in the 18/49 rating.
Robert Canning, of IGN praised the episode by saying "it was a fine addition to the series' Halloween specials". He enjoyed all of the stories, and said the "Sweeney Todd" segment was "a nice treat". Robert Canning also mentioned that it was nice for a change to be aired before Halloween.
Catholic League president Bill Donohue issued a press release in response to the segment "Don't Have a Cow, Mankind," taking issue with the line, "What kind of civilized people eat the body and blood of their savior?" Donohue stated, "mocking the heart of any religion always crosses the line, and mocking the Eucharist does it for Catholics. They know this at Fox, which is precisely why they did it."
The episode won an award for "Best Writing in a Television Production" at the 37th Annie Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19266549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266549" title="LatinFinance">
LatinFinance

LatinFinance (written as single word, with an upper-case L and F) is a provider of financial markets intelligence on Latin America and the Caribbean. It publishes a magazine "LatinFinance" and an early morning daily news alert, the "LatinFinance Daily Brief", and runs a data intensive web-site and a series of networking events comprising discursive conferences and educational seminars. LatinFinance also organizes private round-tables focused on narrower more specialist topics, meetings with senior members of the governments of Latin America or the Caribbean, and capital introduction events for issuers from the region and investors in "inter alia" New York, Boston, London, Zurich, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, Mumbai and Beijing. 
Founded in 1987 and published from New York and Miami, with a network of correspondents across Latin America and the Caribbean, LatinFinance has covered banking and capital markets in the region for over 25 years. It is primarily focused on debt, equity, structured finance, syndicated lending and multilateral financing, and on the practical application of these products in finance and/or investment by sovereign, sub-sovereign, financial and corporate issuers and portfolio, private equity and hedge fund investors. It also covers secondary trading, tracks people-moves within the financial markets of Latin America and the Caribbean, explores legal issues impacting those markets, and examines the business of banking and the role of banking technology within the region.
History.
The magazine "LatinFinance" was first published in October 1988. Its initial editorial objective was, in large part, to explore and document the changes and opportunities in Latin America brought about as a result of the Latin American debt crisis, sovereign defaults and subsequent Brady Plan of the late 1980s. During this period LatinFinance was primarily focused on debt, covering banks' attempts to reduce their exposure to LDC debt, sovereigns' efforts to restructure their debt and raise fresh capital through amongst other things privatization, and the secondary markets activity that grew from this. ]
The editorial focus, and readership, of the magazine expanded rapidly to encompass debt, equity, forex and emerging financial products including derivatives and structured finance products and to examine the practical application of these products by sovereign, sub-sovereign, financial and corporate issuers as well as their role in areas such as infrastructure and project finance, M&A, and financial risk management. Over time travel, wine and art were added to the magazine's coverage and by the mid-1990s it was being described by "The New York Times" as the "glossy magazine that fills the coffee-table niche" among titles covering business in Latin America. For a while LatinFinance even carried a regular, if short-lived, Japanese-language section.
Though the company organized several events, and published some books, through the end of the 1990s LatinFinance's business was predominantly magazine publishing with both revenues and profits derived primarily from advertising sales and magazine subscriptions. The period following the Argentine economic crisis and default in early 2002 proved especially challenging for Latin American financial markets and those active in them. LatinFinance's performance in its 2002 financial year slumped to the worst in its then 15-year history though it remained profitable and was even able to consider, though ultimately to reject, suggestions that it absorb the two other pan-regional business-to-business titles. 
From 2003 LatinFinance embarked on a new strategy to diversify from its core magazine by accelerating the expansion of its events and seminars and to deepen and broaden its coverage through investment in and a realignment of editorial – notably replacing its entire editorial staff and moving editorial from Miami to either New York or into Latin America – thus enabling the launch of electronic news and data products. During this period LatinFinance refocused on its core finance and investment subjects ceasing, for example, publication of its longstanding, annual Corporate Travel Guide. Concurrently LatinFinance's editorial broadened into an explicit aim to "examine the drivers and direction of movements of capital into, out of and around Latin America and the Caribbean, as they happen, wherever those flows come from or from where-ever they are directed". Therefore, in addition to Latin America and the Caribbean, LatinFinance is now active in the major financial centers of North America and Europe as well as in newer centers for capital provision including the GCC, India and China. 
LatinFinance has won numerous editorial awards and on its 20th Anniversary in 2008 was honored by Nasdaq for its contribution to the evolution of the capital markets of Latin America and the Caribbean.
In September 2011 LatinFinance launched an equity index in association with Management & Excellence, the Madrid and São Paulo based consultancy. 
Ownership and management.
LatinFinance is the trade name of Latin American Financial Publications Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC (EII plc) a UK-based FTSE-250 media company itself controlled by Daily Mail & General Trust plc. In addition to LatinFinance, EII plc is the parent of over 100 other titles including the global capital markets magazine Euromoney and Institutional Investor.
Products.
LatinFinance publishes the magazine "LatinFinance" and an early morning daily news alert, the "LatinFinance Daily Brief". It runs a data intensive web-site, www.latinfinance.com – home to its League Tables and Deal Pipeline – and a series networking events comprising discursive conferences and educational seminars.
Readership and circulation.
LatinFinance readers include heads of state, finance ministers and heads of public credit, heads of retail and investment banks, corporate and sovereign issuers, leading portfolio managers, private equity and hedge fund investors, traders and analysts. 
Within Latin America and the Caribbean the circulation of LatinFinance magazine is primarily to issuers (sovereign, corporate and financial) though increasingly also to the evolving local buy-side. Outside Latin America and the Caribbean distribution is primarily to institutional investors including hedge fund and private equity investors.
The magazine has a BPA audited circulation and a readership of some 55,000. Several thousand additional copies are distributed at events including the World Bank and International Monetary Fund Annual Meetings, the Inter American Development Bank or IDB Annual Meeting and at the annual Felaban Assembly.
External corporate relationships.
The World Economic Forum.
LatinFinance has advised the World Economic Forum on the Latin American capital markets and finance content of its meetings and chaired panels at the World Economic Forum on Latin America.
World Fund.
LatinFinance has a long-established relationship with World Fund, the New York based charity focused on improving education across Latin America. World Fund has been LatinFinance's "preferred charity" since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19266551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266551" title="RTP Açores">
RTP Açores

RTP Açores is a Portuguese regional television channel operated by the national broadcaster, Rádio e Televisão de Portugal (typically referred to as RTP). Beginning on 10 August 1975, the regional channel began disseminating broadcasts to the Azores, from a broadcast centre in a studio in São Gonçalo.
History.
In 1975, during the transformative phase of Portugal's transition from Estado Novo regime to Third Portuguese Republic, Ramalho Eanes, then president of the administrative council at RTP solicited a dossier already published by João Paz on the future of regional broadcasting, then referred to as RTP-Açores. After studying the process, its implications and conditions, Ramalho Eanes informed António Borges Coutinho that this project would be implemented swiftly.
Along with Sousa Gomes and Sidónio Paes, the administrative council saw the public station in the Azores: ""...as to contribute to the eradication of illiteracy...an instrument for education and culture...an instrument to promote cultural democracy...a vehicle that contributed to a better knowledge for all citizens...a means to appeal to unity and social responsibility for all...and a contribution that positive collaboration in the transition and institutionalization of democracy"".
Due to the instability at the national/regional levels, and the move towards more autonomy and independence, RTP's motivations were met with anxiety and distrust, since at the time the national broadcaster was a tool of the Armed Forces Movement (MFA). In the streets of Ponta Delgada, for example, local cultural brigades were already trying to mould the values and guide the transformation towards democracy.
Following the Carnation Revolution, the move towards a decentralized constitution, with an autonomous status for regional authorities, the island of São Miguel in the archipelago of the Azores, was chosen for the broadcasting centre. Local news and entertainment was broadcast from its first studios in a building in the outskirts of the urban area of Ponta Delgada, in the locality of Sao Gonçalo.
First broadcast.
Following some adaptations of the spaces, the first broadcast was aired on 10 August 1975, and lasted six hours. The first broadcast began at 3:30 in the afternoon, with a speech by President of the Board of Governors, General Altino Pinto de Magalhães, and lasted until 9:30, at the end of a newscast. This first transmission was marked by several gaffes, firstly by General Pinto (who was thrust into the position of regional leader only months earlier), then in the transmission of the programming, that included "General à Força". After this film, Telejournal published local/regional and national news (already two days late) before a caption appearing to round out the emission, stating ""Silence...we are going to laugh"". At the conclusion of this first emission, a technical flaw did not permit the playing of the national anthem, resulting in one viewer calling in to berate the studio, stating "...this here is still Portugal"".
During these early broadcasts, the regional operator produced three hours of daily broadcasts per day for two months. In the successive years, the Azoreans began to trust the local broadcasters, with improvements made to the functioning of the service, including the operation of the "Estação Terrena de Satélites da Marconi", which allowed signals from the continent to reach the Azores directly (rather than time-delay broadcasts). But, coverage was not even, as many of the islands were not covered, and many of the programming was stilled delivered from the continent and the content was censured, due to concerns for "public morality".
Modernization.
Even so, television in the Azores was seen a "mirror" on Azorean culture, and a "window" on the other islands of the archipelago. This changed during the administration of Lopes Araújo; in July 1984, after completing a course in Law on the continent, he returned to the Azores, and at the age of 26, assumed an approach to revitalize regional programming and promote RTP Açores internationally. He contracted new professionals (such as producer José Medieros), produced programming directed towards the Azorean population and links to the diaspora in the United States. This included transmitting direct from Ponta Delgada, via satellite, the festivals of Senhor Santo Cristo dos Milagres in 1985, as well as broadcasting the news from the Azores to services in North America, Canada and Bermuda, starting in 1987.
Programming during this period began to diversify and became more polished, with a concentration on information programming ("Jornal de sábado", "Notícias", "Sumário"), entertainment (with talk shows like "Aqui Açores" and "Gente Nossa") and the beginning of the production of fiction programming. Until this time, production of fictional storytelling was not full-developed; Lopes de Araújo considered this ""the noble stage of production"", due to the demands on people, technical requirements and financial means, in addition to a level of experience and maturity necessary to realize large productions. To this, on July 1986, the Regional Centre of the Azores produced "Xailes Negros" (a mini-series) which attempted break the mould and provide dynamic fiction and storey-telling, from scratch, while other productions have moved to adapt pre-existing public literature and works by celebrated Azorean authors.

</doc>
<doc id="19266557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266557" title="The Simpsons (season 21)">
The Simpsons (season 21)

"The Simpsons" twenty-first season aired on Fox from September 27, 2009 to May 23, 2010. It was the first of two seasons that the show was renewed for by Fox, and also the first season of the show to air entirely in high definition.
With this season, "The Simpsons" established itself as the longest-running American primetime television series surpassing "Gunsmoke".
The season received mainly positive reviews from critics, with many praising "The Squirt and the Whale", "To Surveil with Love" and "The Bob Next Door". The show moved up 16 positions in the Nielsen ratings from the previous season and received numerous award nominations, winning two — an Emmy Award for Anne Hathaway for her voicing in "Once Upon a Time in Springfield", and an Annie Award for "Treehouse of Horror XX".
Production.
The season featured eight holdover episodes from the season 20 (LABF) production line. John Frink was credited as an executive producer for the first time.
20th anniversary.
In 2009, to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the premiere of "The Simpsons", Fox announced that a year-long celebration of the show titled "Best. 20 Years. Ever." would run from January 14, 2009 to January 14, 2010.
As part of the celebration, documentary filmmaker Morgan Spurlock directed and produced "The Simpsons 20th Anniversary Special – In 3-D! On Ice!", a documentary special that examined the "cultural phenomenon of "The Simpsons"". Despite the title, Spurlock said the special "most likely not be in 3-D nor on ice." Production began at Comic-Con 2009, and the show aired on January 10, 2010 on Fox. It included interviews with the cast and fans of the show.
For the week of November 9, 2009, several Fox shows including "House", "Lie to Me", "Bones" and "Fringe" featured clues and homages to the show as part of an "on-air scavenger hunt". Viewers who spotted the clues could win prizes at Fox.com. Marge also appeared on the cover of the November issue of "Playboy".
The milestone was also celebrated in the United Kingdom with three special programmes, all twenty minutes long and entitled "", "Simpsons...Mischief and Mayhem" and "Simpsons...Celebrity Friends" respectively. They aired on Sky1 and Sky1 HD on three separate evenings from January 11 to 13, 2010. They were followed by the UK premiere of season 21's first episode, "Homer the Whopper".
Reception.
Critical reception.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the season a 8.3 (improving 0.4 from the previous season) saying that it was "Impressive". He criticized the opening part of the season (other than "Homer the Whopper" and "Treehouse of Horror XX"), but praised almost every episode after "Once Upon a Time in Springfield", and considered "The Squirt and the Whale" and "The Bob Next Door" to be the season's best episodes. He also stated "the improved consistency of memorable episodes this season over years past proved that, even after 20 years, The Simpsons can still entertain".
TV Fanatic called the season "great" while reviewing "Judge Me Tender", while Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club, while reviewing the same episode, stated "I think it's picked back up in the last few seasons and particularly in this season, which has had a lot of fun episodes in it."
"The Squirt and the Whale" was also praised for its chalkboard gag, which made a reference to the controversial "South Park" episodes "200" and "201", while "To Surveil with Love" was considered the "best episode in years" by Sharon Knolle of TV Squad and "one of the better outings" by Ariel Ponywether of FireFox News.
Ratings.
In the seasonal Nielsen ratings in the 18-49 demographic, the season ranked joint 33rd with a 3.4/9 average. It also ranked 61st in the seasonal total viewers with an average of 7.208 million viewers.
The most viewed and highest rated episode of the season was "Once Upon a Time in Springfield", watched by an estimated 14.62 million households and with a Nielsen rating of 6.9/17 in the 18-49 demographic. The following episode, "Million Dollar Maybe", was the least viewed and lowest rated, watched by an estimated 5.110 million households and receiving a Nielsen rating of 2.4/6 in the 18-49 demographic, although this was largely down to the fact that it aired against the 2010 Grammy Awards on CBS and the 2010 Pro Bowl on ESPN.
Awards.
Anne Hathaway won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance for voicing Princess Penelope in "Once Upon a Time in Springfield", while Dan Castellaneta and Hank Azaria were also nominated for "Thursdays with Abie" and "Moe Letter Blues" respectively. "Treehouse of Horror XX" won for Writing in a Television Production at the Annie Awards. "Once Upon a Time in Springfield" also received an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Animated Program, while "The Simpsons 20th Anniversary Special - In 3-D! On Ice!" was nominated for Outstanding Nonfiction Special. The show was also once again nominated for Favorite Cartoon at the 2010 Kids' Choice Awards. The season is currently nominated for three awards at the 2010 Writers Guild of America Awards. Stephanie Gills is nominated for writing "Moe Letter Blues" as well as Matt Selman who is nominated for "Oh Brother, Where Bart Thou?". "The Simpsons 20th Anniversary Special — In 3-D! On Ice!" is also nominated for Comedy/Variety – Music, Awards, Tributes – Specials.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Note: The Simpsons 20th Anniversary Special - In 3-D! On Ice!, which aired immediately following "Once Upon a Time in Springfield", was assigned production number LABF21 and technically counts as a component of the 20th production season (and of the 21st broadcast season). It does not, however, count towards the series' official animated episode count (i.e., it is not episode 452).

</doc>
<doc id="19266577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266577" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre rifle prone">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre rifle prone

Men's 50 metre rifle prone (then known as "free rifle") was one of the fifteen shooting events at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Christian Klees shot a perfect 600 in the qualification round and set a new World record after 104.8 points (of maximum 109.0) in the final. With an even better final round, Sergey Belyayev surpassed Jozef Gönci to win the silver medal.
Qualification round.
EWR Equalled World record – OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record – WR World record

</doc>
<doc id="19266586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266586" title="Sisters of Saint Anne">
Sisters of Saint Anne

The Sisters of St. Anne are a Roman Catholic religious institute, founded in 1850 in Vaudreuil, Quebec, Canada, by the Blessed Marie Anne Blondin, S.S.A., to promote the education of the rural children of the Province of Canada. Their vision is rooted and guided by Ignatian spirituality.
Foundation.
Blondin (1809-1890) had grown up the daughter of simple farmers, all of whom were illiterate. Through her work as a domestic servant to the teaching Sisters of the Congregation of Notre Dame of Montreal who had opened a parochial school in the town, she came to learn how to read and write. She was accepted to the novitiate of the Sisters in 1833, but soon had to leave for reasons of health. Later that same year, having recovered her health, Blondin accepted the invitation from another former novice of the Congregation, who was running a parochial school in Vaudreuil, to join her in teaching there. Within a few years, she had become the principal of the school, then known as the Académie Blondin, where she trained teachers for the rural schools of the province.
Over the years, Blondin found out that one of the causes of the widespread illiteracy in the French-speaking community was a certain Church ruling that forbade that children be taught by members of the opposite sex. Unable to finance two schools, many parish priests chose to have none. In 1848 Esther presented to the Bishop of Montreal, Ignace Bourget, a plan to found a religious congregation "for the education of poor country children, both girls and boys in the same schools". Despite the novelty of the suggestion, and possible violation of Church rules, since the Canadian government was in favor of such schools, he authorized the experiment. She obtained the commitment of several young women for this endeavor and a novitiate was opened to form members for the proposed new congregation on 13 September 1848.
Due to the death of a candidate, Emilie Forté, on 1 August 1849, only a few days after her admission, the first postulants of the congregation numbered nine, when they received the religious habit of the new Congregation of the Daughters of Saint Anne, as it was originally named, on 15 August 1849. This group included Bourdin, who received the religious name of Sister Marie Anne.
Of this group, Blondin and four other Sisters made their profession of religious vows on 8 September 1850, thereby allowing the congregation to become legally formed. One barrier to this, however, was a community debt of about £1,500. This debt was paid by the local pastor, the Abbé Paul-Loup Archambault (1787 - 1859), clearing the way to their establishment under canon law. Blondin was named the Superior of the congregation, becoming referred to as Mother Marie Anne. In March 1851 Bourget wrote a Rule of Life and Constitutions for the congregation. By October of that same year, the congregation had grown to such an extant that a new community was established in Sainte-Geneviève.
On 22 August 1853, to accommodate their growing numbers, the Sisters were moved by Bourget from Vaudreuil to Saint-Jacques de l'Achigan. At that time, he appointed the Abbé Louis-Adolphe Maréchal as chaplain to the community. This priest began to exercise a dictatorial control of the community, determining on his own the school fees, and pressuring the Sisters not to exercise their right to go to a confessor of their choice, but solely to him. As a result of this conflict, the bishop instructed Mother Marie Anne to resign as Superior of the community as of 18 August 1854, calling for new elections. He further commanded that she neither offer her name for re-election, nor accept election. Though elected to the General Council twice, she was kept from any further participation in the administration of the congregation.
At the election which was then held, Mother Marie Jeanne de Chantal was elected the superior of the congregation. In 1857 Bourget made some final revisions to the Constitutions, which he then provisionally approved. That year a new habit was adopted by the congregation, and all the Sisters underwent a new investiture. The congregation held its first General Chapter in 1860. The following year, Mother Jeanne de Chantal purchased Simpson Manor in Lachine, which became the General Motherhouse in 1864. The "decretum laudis" of the Holy See was received in March 1863. Final approval of the Constitutions was granted by Bourget on February 13, 1875. In 1884 final approval of the congregation was granted by Pope Leo XIII. The name of the congregation was changed to its current one on July 12, 1888.
The practice of admitting women to serve the congregation as lay sisters began in 1891. They helped to operate its various institutions until 1926, when the practice was ended.
Expansion.
In 1858, the congregation accepted a request to help Modeste Demers, the Bishop of Vancouver Island, with the education of the children of the First Nations and of the growing European immigrants in that remote mission region. Four Sisters from Saint-Jacques who had volunteered for this endeavor set sail for the western coast on April 8, traveling by way of the Isthmus of Panama due to there being no rail connection from Canada at that time. They arrived in Victoria, British Columbia, the following June 5. In 1871 St. Ann's Academy was established, followed by Mount St. Joseph Hospital in 1876.
The Sisters arrived in the United States in September 1867 at the request of the Bishop of Buffalo, opening a school in Oswego, New York. The Sisters went on to expand throughout northern New York and New England, staffing many schools of French-speaking parishes. The Sisters later established a provincial motherhouse in Marlboro, Massachusetts.
By 1896 the congregation had so grown, that, on April 27, its administration was divided among four Provinces. In 1912, the Sisters of the United States Province numbered 150.
During the 20th century, the Sisters established missions to serve the Third World. Foundations were made in Japan (1934), Haiti (1944), Chile (1965) and Cameroon (1969). The congregation has taught in various schools and has built schools at all levels of education and foundations, including hospitals, across western Canada, the United States, including Alaska, Quebec & Haiti, where they still operate the Collège Marie-Anne, having rebuilt after the devastating earthquake of 2010.
Current status.
At their height, the Sisters numbered some 3,900 members. Today they number about 840 members. They are joined in their work by about 300 men and women who are associates of the congregation.
Notable members.
Sister Marie Jean-Eudes Tellier, S.S.A., a leading botanist

</doc>
<doc id="19266626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266626" title="Meadowbrook High School (North Chesterfield, Virginia)">
Meadowbrook High School (North Chesterfield, Virginia)

Meadowbrook High School is a high school in North Chesterfield, Virginia. The school mascot is the Monarchs. Meadowbrook High School has the International Baccalaureate Program as their specialty center.
Athletics.
The Monarchs are well known for their football. Meadowbrook went to and won the Virginia High School Football Championship by beating North Stafford High School Wolverines 35-27 in 2004 at University of Richmond Stadium. They, Thomas Dale,and Lloyd C. Bird are the only high schools from Chesterfield County, Virginia to have won the state football championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19266639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266639" title="Cape Ward Hunt">
Cape Ward Hunt

Cape Ward Hunt is a cape on the north coast of Oro Province, Papua New Guinea. The cape was named after George Ward Hunt, First Lord of the Admiralty (1874-1877), by Captain John Moresby.
The cape is a bold, well wooded point about high that rises to an elevation of inland with a disused tall metal framework light tower on the point and a conspicuous rock named Craigs Pillar at its eastern extremity. The waters lying between Cape Ward Hunt and Cape Nelson about distant are described as being:
of the most dangerous character, due to the unsurveyed areas and the numerous coral patches and shoals. The coral patches are steep-to and the sea seldom breaks on
them. The weather is often thick with passing squalls of rain, and anchorages are rare close to land. Between coral patches only a few miles apart, a sounding of several hundred meters may be obtained.
A radar of the Royal Australian Air Force manned by No. 315 Radar Station RAAF was located upon Cape Ward Hunt from 12 April 1943 until 4 October 1944 during World War II.
References cited.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19266649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266649" title="L'incontro improvviso">
L'incontro improvviso

L’incontro improvviso ("The unexpected encounter") (Hob. XXVIII:6)
is an opera in three acts by Joseph Haydn first performed at Eszterháza on 29 August 1775 to mark the four-day visit of Archduke Ferdinand, Habsburg governor of Milan and his consort Maria Beatrice d'Este. The opera is designated a "dramma giocoso" (a comic opera) and is an example of the then Austrian fascination with Turkish subjects. 
Composition and Performance History.
The libretto by Carl Friberth was adapted and translated from a French opera-comique by L. H. Dancourt, previously set by Gluck in 1764 as the "La rencontre imprévue". In keeping with Italian practice, Friberth constructed longer buffo finale texts at the end of Acts I and II.
It is not known if any further performances followed the Eszterháza production, although a German translation was made for Bratislava.
Danish musicologist Jens Peter Larsen discovered the autograph score in Leningrad in 1954, and the opera was subsequently broadcast in Russian in 1956. It was first staged in the UK at the Camden Festival in 1966. The first complete recording was made by Philips in 1980 in association with the Radio Suisse Romande and the European Broadcasting Union, conducted by Antal Doráti. The first performance of the German translation was staged by Jakob Peter-Messer for the Wuppertal Opera in 2010 in cooperation with the Haydn-Institut in Cologne.
Synopsis.
Overture (this was printed by Artaria in a set of six in 1782 without trumpets and percussion)
Act I.
"A storehouse of all kinds of merchandise and edibles"
The qalandar and dervishes drink wine, smoke tobacco and sing merrily of their life as beggars and tricksters.
"A square"
Osmin is distracted by the qalandar begging; he has little trouble in persuading the hungry Osmin to become a mendicant dervish.
"A room in the seraglio"
Rezia has been told that her long-lost love has been sighted in Cairo, and shares the news with Balkis and Dardane in a beautiful trio. 
"A square"
Ali, alone, explains how he fled to Persia and fell in love with Rezia. Though betrothed to another, Rezia eloped with Ali but they were separated and she was captured by pirates. Ali watches as Osmin is taught by the Qalandar the chant "Castagna, castagna". The Qalandar recognises Ali as the Prince of Balsóra. Balkis greets Ali with news that a woman has espied him from a window in the seraglio and wishes to meet him.
"A room containing a banquet table"
Osmin is enjoying a feast with Ali arrives with Balkis, and Ali gets increasingly angry with Osmin's inebriation.
Act II.
"A room with a sofa"
Dardane tries to charm Ali to test his faithfulness. Rezia enters, taking Ali and Osmin by surprise. The three women tell of the unfortunate travels which brought them to Cairo.
"The qalandar's room"
Osmin informs the qalandar that Ali's lover is Rezia and solicits his help in letting the couple escape.
"A garden"
While preparations are made for a banquet before their escape, Rezia and Ali sing a love duet. The mood is shattered when Balkis and Dardane come in to announce that the Sultan has returned unexpectedly from the hunt. Everyone flees via a secret staircase.
Act III.
"Night. The qalandar's storehouse"
News of the Sultan's reward for the recovery of Rezia has reached the qalandar who decides to betray them to win the bounty. Ali disguises himself as a French painter to avoid arrest, but to no avail. The Sultan however forgives them and condemns the treacherous qalandar.
"A hall lit by chandeliers"
The Sultan pardons Rezia and Ali and gives them his blessing. At the couple's request the qalandar is pardoned, but banished from Cairo.
Music.
Although not Haydn's greatest success in the operatic field, "L'incontro improvviso" does include some high-class and varied music. As well as the 'Turkish' music, amusing scenes for Osmin and Calandro, the 'painting' aria in the last act where Ali describes the contents of a picture with orchestral help, and another aria "Senti, al buio pian" for Osmin with orchestral colouring, there is Italian lyricism evident in arias for Ali ("Deh! se in ciel pietade avete") and Rezia ("Or vicina a te").
Act II has two powerful arias for sopranos; Haydn detached Rezia's "Or vicino a te" and published it separately in 1783.
The superb first act "Mi sembra un sogno" which contrasts a trio for female voices with muted violins, cors anglais and horns is a highlight.
The work is scored for an orchestra consisting of 2 oboes (doubling cors anglais), 2 bassoons, 2 trumpets, 2 horns, timpani, percussion, violins I & II, viola, cello, bass and continuo.

</doc>
<doc id="19266657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266657" title="Mal Meninga Medal">
Mal Meninga Medal

The Mal Meninga Medal is the name of the award that goes to the Canberra Raiders' Player of the Year. The award was named after former Raiders captain and coach, Mal Meninga and was first awarded in 2008. Before this there was no name for the award but was still awarded. The medal is awarded to the player that received the most votes during the season, players after each match vote for the best player in the team for the match with the player with the most votes getting 3 points, the next best gets 2, and third gets 1. If the votes are tied at the end of the season the medal is awarded to both players, this has happened only twice, 2005 and 2009, with Josh Miller involved on both occasions.
List of recipients.
Players who have received the medal more than once:

</doc>
<doc id="19266666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266666" title="Iran at the 2002 Winter Paralympics">
Iran at the 2002 Winter Paralympics

Iran participated in the eighth Winter Paralympics in Salt Lake, United States. 
Results by event.
Alpine skiing.
Men

</doc>
<doc id="19266688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266688" title="Geoffrey Oliver">
Geoffrey Oliver

Admiral Sir Geoffrey Nigel Oliver (22 January 1898 – 26 May 1980) was a British Royal Navy officer during the Second World War.
Early career.
The oldest son of a botanist, Professor Francis Wall Oliver, Geoffrey Oliver was educated at Durnford Preparatory School in Langton Matravers, and at Rugby School, and joined the Royal Navy in 1915 as a Special Entry Cadet at Keyham College. He was assigned as a midshipman to HMS "Dreadnought" in 1916. 
In May 1917 he was reassigned to and in September promoted to sub-lieutenant. In October 1918 he was promoted again, to Lieutenant following technical courses in which he performed brilliantly, obtaining First Class certificates in all five subjects, and receiving the Goodenough Medal and prize as the best gunnery student in his year.
After a short period serving on HMS "Resolution", in 1920 he attended two terms at Queens' College, Cambridge to make up for the short education he received because of the war, followed by promotion courses into 1921. Following this he specialised in gunnery and underwent training at the Royal Navy gunnery school, HMS "Excellent", in Portsmouth. He was top of his class in both theory and practical work and was awarded the Commander Egerton prize for the best examination result in practical gunnery.
He joined the school as a staff member in the Experimental Department in March 1924. In August 1925 he was assigned as gunnery officer to HMS "Carlisle" which was serving on the China Station where he remained into 1927. He was promoted to Lieutenant-Commander in October 1926.
In 1928 he returned to the Experimental Department of HMS "Excellent", and in January 1930 became gunnery officer on HMS "Rodney" which at that time was part of the Atlantic Fleet. In March 1932 he returned once again to HMS "Excellent", as head of the Experimental Department. Between 1934 and 1936 he commanded HMS "Diana" and then HMS "Veteran".
He married Barbara Jones, daughter of a jurist, Sir Francis A. Jones, in 1933. The couple had three children, of whom only one son survived. His second son died aged 8 of pneumonia, and his daughter died in a bathing accident during a holiday in Norfolk.
Second World War.
In June 1937 he was promoted to captain and the following year joined the naval staff at the Admiralty, in the Tactical Division. In May 1939, a few months before the outbreak of Second World War he became deputy director of the Training and Staff Duties Division.
In October 1940 he was given command of a "Dido"-class light cruiser, HMS "Hermione" then under construction on the Clyde. The ship worked up at Scapa Flow and as part of the Second Cruiser Squadron took part in the May 1941 hunt for the "Bismarck". The ship was then assigned to Force H based at Gibraltar on convoy duties to relieve Malta. The ship rammed the Italian 600-Serie "Adua " submarine "Tembien" near Tunis on 2 July 1941, for which Oliver was awarded a DSO in November.
In 1942 the ship was part of the force which captured the Vichy French island of Madagascar after which it was assigned to Admiral Sir Henry Harwood's Eastern Mediterranean fleet.
In June 1942 as part of the 15th Cruiser Squadron the cruiser took part in Operation Vigorous, an attempt to supply Malta with a convoy dispatched from the Eastern Mediterranean whilst another Malta-bound convoy was simultaneously dispatched from Gibraltar (Operation Harpoon). On 15 June, Operation Vigorous was abandoned because of the strength of the air attacks, the depletion of ammunition and fuel caused by them and the nearby presence of the Italian Fleet. The convoy turned away from Malta and headed back towards Alexandria, but early the following morning "Hermione" was torpedoed and sunk by "U-205" south of Crete with the loss of 87 crew out of 570.
Oliver survived the sinking and served as naval liaison officer to the Nile Delta Army for the next few months, until October 1942 when he was promoted to Commodore 2nd Class and assigned in Gibraltar to organise shipping for Operation Torch, the invasion of French North Africa.
Following the successful invasion, in January 1943 he was assigned as the senior officer of the North Africa Inshore Squadron, based at Bone, Algeria which at that time was under repeated air attack, until May 1943 when he moved to a newly captured base at Bizerte. For his work during Operation Torch, Oliver was awarded a second DSO and American Legion of Merit.
In July 1943 he became commander of Force "N", with its headquarters at the Algiers naval base HMS "Hannibal", for Operation Husky, the invasion of Sicily which took place on 9 July. He was the naval commander of the British assault force at Salerno on HMS "Hilary". Following the successful conclusion of the operation he was awarded KCB, and Commander of the American Legion of Merit.
From late 1943 until February 1944 he was the chairman of a commission, "Accuracy of Gunnery Committee". He was then promoted to Commodore 1st Class and assigned as commander of Force "J" for Operation Neptune, the invasion of Normandy, for which we was awarded a third DSO.
From October 1944 until February 1945 he was in command of the First Aircraft Carrier Squadron on HMS "Royalist", part of the Eastern Fleet, clearing mines in the Aegean Sea and providing humanitarian relief. He was promoted to rear admiral in May 1945 when the force was attached to the Eastern Fleet's 21st Aircraft Carrier Squadron where it took part in the amphibious landing at Rangoon. When Japan surrendered in August 1945 the force was preparing for the attack on the Malay Peninsula.
Postwar.
In 1946 he was president of a committee examining aircraft maintenance, and in April was appointed Flag Officer in command of Naval Air Stations. In December 1946 he became a Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty and Assistant Chief of Naval Staff, posts he held until September 1948 when he became President of the Royal Naval College, Greenwich. He was promoted to vice admiral in February 1949.
From April 1950 until August 1952 he was Commander-in-Chief, East Indies Station, and promoted to admiral in May 1952. He was awarded Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath on 1 January 1951. In May 1953 he became Commander-in-Chief, The Nore, a capacity he served in until April 1955. He was awarded Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire on 1 January 1955. He retired from the Royal Navy on 1 December 1955 and moved to a farm he purchased near Henfield, West Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="19266695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266695" title="Aurelio's Pizza">
Aurelio's Pizza

Aurelio's Pizza is an Illinois restaurant chain which centers its business around the thin crust variety of Chicago-style pizza. Aurelio's Pizza has two corporate owned stores and 44 franchised locations in 6 states.
Aurelio's Pizza History.
The Aurelio family was instrumental in development of thin crust "Chicago style pizza". James Aurelio, founded Macomb IL’s first pizza restaurant, "The Italian Village " in 1952.[1] Students from the local state university, Western Illinois University, were primarily from the Chicago area, allowing this style to become well known across the state. In the mid-1950s, one of James’ nephews, Joe Aurelio Jr., came to Macomb IL to work in the restaurant. Joe eventually moved back home to the Chicago area in 1959 and founded his own pizza restaurant, named "Aurelio’s". This was a small, 4 table restaurant on Ridge Rd. in Homewood. Both Aurelios specialized in a distinctive thin crust pizza that was sliced in 'Chicago style' square pieces. By 1977, "Aurelio’s" had grown so popular that they opened the world's largest pizzeria near its original store in what was formerly a industrial warehouse. The company's slogan is "Aurelio's "is" Pizza!" When James Aurelio died, the Macomb branch of the Aurelio family sold "The Italian Village " and it became an Aurelio’s Pizza franchise - and like the original "Aurelio’s" it is also still in the original location. The chain's main competition is Rosati's Pizza, Nancy's Pizza and Home Run Inn, as well as many smaller family-owned establishments.
The son of James Aurelio, Larry Aurelio, subsequently started a new pizza chain named "Larry A's".[2] The original one is in Macomb, IL. The other ones are in Rushville, IL and Canton, IL. They also serve the same family classic thin crust "Chicago style pizza".
Menu.
The chain's specialties are its Thin-crust pizza and "calabrese", also known by most as a calzone. They are not particularly known for traditional Chicago deep dish, though they do offer a thick crust and stuffed crust on the menu. In addition, a variety of other menu items are available, including Italian beef, meatball sandwiches, a variety of salads, many appetizers and a special warm cookie dessert. All of the locations offer delivery and carry-out they have 32 full service restaurants with dining rooms and alcoholic beverages. The featured menu item at most Aurelio's locations is their #23 Super-Six thin crust pizza and spinach calabrese.

</doc>
<doc id="19266709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266709" title="Pierre Auguste Brahain Ducange">
Pierre Auguste Brahain Ducange

Pierre Auguste Brahain Ducange (Tours, ? — Paris, 1833) was a French journalist, minor diplomat, secret agent, swindler, and author. He was the father of the French author Victor Henri Joseph Brahain Ducange. He played an important role in the coup d'état of 22 January 1798 in the Batavian Republic, by general Herman Willem Daendels, which brought the radical unitarist faction of Wybo Fijnje and Pieter Vreede to power, and he helped write the "Staatsregeling voor het Bataafse Volk" of 1798 (the first Dutch Constitution).
Early career.
Little is known about Ducange's life before 1783, the year in which his son was born. As a matter of fact, the name "Ducange" seems to have been assumed, as Ducange calls himself around this time "Brahain, dit Ducange." Still, in many sources he is designated "Ducange," or "Brahain Ducange," so that is the name that will be used here. In 1783 he also published "Oeuvres commentées du sieur Hadoux: expliquées et rendues intelligibles" under the elaborate pseudonym "André d'Acunenga Rhiba", which is an anagram of his name.
He was secretary of the French ambassador to the Dutch Republic, Charles Olivier de Saint-Georges, marquis de Vérac, until the ambassador discovered that he had leaked confidential information to a Dutch newspaper, and dismissed him. Before his employment at the embassy he apparently was a French tutor in a Dutch family in Amsterdam, and an occasional journalist. After his dismissal he took up journalism full-time, first in an Orangist newspaper, but after the Prussian intervention in the Patriot Revolt of 1787 he travelled for a time to Spain, where he reputedly earned a living as a swindler. Around 1790 he was back in the Netherlands, where he took up his journalistic work in Leiden as an editor of the French-language "Gazette de Leyde"; in 1792 he went to Paris, where he was active in Jacobin circles. He briefly published a newspaper there, entitled "Le Batave" (""The Batavian"), which agitated for war against the Dutch Republic. During the next few years he apparently worked as a police spy for the French government, especially during the Reign of Terror. After the fall of the Robespierre regime he had to go abroad for a while to Germany, again apparently entering into a life of crime, until he suddenly emerged again in The Hague at the end of 1797 in the retinue of the new French ambassador to the Batavian Republic, Charles-François Delacroix. He was appointed secretary of the ambassador, but apparently was also charged with keeping a discreet eye on the ambassador for Barras.
The "coup d'état" of 22 January 1798 and its aftermath.
At this time the politicians of the Batavian Republic were in the process of writing a Constitution amid much political strife. Roughly speaking there were three political factions vying to get the upper hand: a group of "federalists," who wanted to maintain the decentralized structure of the old Dutch Republic; and two factions of "unitarists," one moderate, and one radical, who wanted to transform the new Republic into a unitary state. It was Delacroix' mission to impose a Constitution following the model of the French Constitution of 1795. However, in this task he was hindered by the fact that he didn't speak Dutch. Ducange, on the other hand was fluent in Dutch, and therefore able to act as Delacroix' trusted henchman in this "projet d'une constitution pour la République batave". However, Ducange acted more as an intermediary with the radical faction of unitarists, and thanks to him Delacroix in the course of January, 1798 accepted their version of the draft-Constitution in preference to the French draft.
This official French endorsement encouraged the radicals to impose their will by force on their political opponents. On 22 January 1798 Dutch and French troops, commanded by generals Daendels and Joubert, surrounded The Hague, and the political opponents of the radicals in the National Assembly were arrested. The rump-Assembly next declared itself to be a Constituante, ready to promulgate a new constitution. A committee was charged with drafting this new constitution. Ducange took part in the deliberations of this committee on a daily basis (reporting back to Delacroix each night), and even translated certain parts into French for the benefit of his French principals. The fact that he kept a watchful eye, and that Delacroix had to trust his reports implicitly, probably helped to smooth the acceptance of the draft by the French "sister republic," even though it was not a slavish copy of the French model, and contained some peculiarly Dutch elements.
The draft-constitution was approved in a referendum on 25 April and came into force on 1 May. However, soon discontent with the high-handed policies of the radicals began to grow. This discontent was also directed against Ducange, whose sometimes abrasive behavior and evident influential position were resented. He was specifically blamed for the decision of the radicals on 4 May to continue the rump-Assembly in office and not to hold new elections. Soon intrigues back in Paris caused the "Directoire" to demand his recall to France. Delacroix own recall soon followed. None too soon, as he had become identified with the radical regime that was overthrown by a new coup d'état in June, 1798, again by general Daendels, who had now thrown in his lot with the moderate unitarists.
Later career.
After this we again lose sight of Ducange for a few years, but in 1803 the French government sent him as a secret agent to Vienna to spy on French émigrés. When the Austrian police caught wind of this intrigue, Ducange had to flee, first to Saxony, and later back to France, where he was locked up in the Temple prison for a few years. Released in 1806 he again was arrested in 1808 and convicted as a swindler.
In later years he seems to have taken up the pen again. In 1821 he published a children's book offering models for letter-writing, "Le sécretaire des enfants, ou correspondence entre plusieurs enfants propre à les former au style épistolaire". At the time he worked as a copyist.
He died in Paris in 1833, the same year in which his son also died.

</doc>
<doc id="19266712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266712" title="Jampana">
Jampana

Jampana () is an Indian surname which is now found in the modern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. They belong to Kshatriya caste known as Rajus locally and their gotra's Dhanunjaya Gotra & Vashista Gotra .
There are two types of Jampana,they are Kota Jampana belongs to Kota Dynasty (Kota Vamsa) and Varnata Jampana belongs to varnata dynasty(Hoyasala).
Probably their ancestors may have taken the village name as their surname in which they have settled.
References:
http://www.apkshatriyas.blogspot.in/2013/11/jampana-history-about-dhananjaya-gotra.html
http://www.apkshatriyas.blogspot.in

</doc>
<doc id="19266719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266719" title="Alligator-class landing ship">
Alligator-class landing ship

Project 1171 (Tapir) class landing ship (NATO reporting name: Alligator) is a class of Soviet / Russian general purpose, beachable amphibious transport docks (Soviet classification: Large landing ship, ). 
Design of Project 1171 was initiated in 1959 by the Navy, while a similar dual-purpose "Project 1173" was ordered by the civilian Ministry of Shipping. Eventually both designs were merged under Project 1171 umbrella, and the resulting ship was a compromise between military (speed, survivability) and civil (fuel economy) objectives. Design team produced four different configurations of the ship. The Navy selected the most powerful and fastest option, which was also least fuel-efficient, and the civil Ministry withdrew from the project completely. All production ships were made for the Navy and never operated on shipping lines. 
A total of 14 vessels were completed between 1964 and 1975; all were retired in 1992–1995. As at September, 2008, two vessels, currently named "Orsk" and "Saratov" are in active service with the 179-th brigade of Russian Black Sea Fleet. An unidentified number remains in reserve.
"Saratov" (БДК-65) was launched in July 1964, commissioned in 1966 as "Voronezhsky Komsomolets". As a leader ship of a formation, it lacked the habitable troops compartments installed on other ships of the class. "Saratov" was stationed in Donuzlav (Black Sea Fleet) until the Union collapsed and then remained mothballed in Odessa until 1994. The ship was reported in active operations in 2000 and later.
"Orsk" (БДК-69) was launched and commissioned in 1968 as "Nikolay Obekov". It served a total of 11 campaigns in Indian and Atlantic oceans and the Mediterranean. Later, under Russian flag, it carried peacekeeping troops and materials to Yugoslavia, Adjaria and Abkhazia.
Some vessels were used in the 2008 South Ossetia war.

</doc>
<doc id="19266725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266725" title="Crazy Schmit">
Crazy Schmit

Frederick M. "Crazy" Schmit (February 13, 1866 – October 5, 1940) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Pittsburgh Alleghenys, Baltimore Orioles, New York Giants, Cleveland Spiders, and Baltimore Orioles. At the time of the 1910 United States Census, Schmit was living in Chicago with his wife Mary and their three children, Dorothy, Karl, and Frederick. Schmit's occupation was still listed as a "Professional Baseball player." In October 1940, he died of a heart attack and a cerebral hemorrhage at his home in Forest Glen section of Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="19266744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266744" title="Long Day's Flight 'till Tomorrow">
Long Day's Flight 'till Tomorrow

"A Long Day's Flight 'Till Tomorrow" is the second album released by the Norwegian band Euroboys. Like in most of their previous works, the album is made up mainly of instrumental songs.
Track listing.
Note: Songs 2 and 10 are the only tracks which are not instrumental

</doc>
<doc id="19266826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266826" title="Paul Meier">
Paul Meier

Paul Meier may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19266828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266828" title="Charlie Knepper">
Charlie Knepper

Charles Knepper (February 18, 1871 in Anderson, Indiana – February 6, 1946 in Muncie, Indiana), was a Major League Baseball player, a right-handed pitcher who batted from the right side.
Knepper spent one season in the majors, pitching for the Cleveland Spiders, a notoriously futile team that set a major league record by losing 134 games. Knepper was one of that team's primary starting pitchers, and he tied Jim Hughey for the team lead with four wins. He also ranked among the National League's leaders in several undesirable pitching categories, including home runs allowed (second, with 11), losses (fourth, with 22), earned runs allowed (seventh, with 141), and wild pitches (tenth, with eight).
Knepper was notoriously slow afoot. During a game on June 24, 1899, he hit a double, and the next day "The Plain Dealer's" game recap stated that "a hay wagon drawn by lame horses could have reached third, but Knepper is no hay wagon and had no lame horses to assist him".

</doc>
<doc id="19266829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266829" title="Tony Romeo">
Tony Romeo

Tony Romeo (December 25, 1939 – June 23, 1995) was an American songwriter. He is famous for writing the No.1 hit "I Think I Love You" by The Partridge Family as well as many other hit records, mostly during the 1960s and 1970s.
Other hits written by Romeo include "Oh Boy (The Mood I'm In)" by both Diana Trask and Brotherhood of Man; "Walking in the Sand," sung by Al Martino, which reached #9 on the Adult Contemporary charts in 1970; "Indian Lake" for The Cowsills; and "I'm Gonna Make You Mine" by Lou Christie. He wrote songs for The Seekers, The Everly Brothers, Richard Harris and David Cassidy among others.
His songs were used in such movies as "Rain Man" (1988) and "" (1987). and the TV program "The Debbie Reynolds Show" (1969–1970). Through colleague Wes Farrell's Pocket Full of Tunes songwriting agency, Romeo additionally created commercial jingles to advertise such products as Breck shampoo, Coty cosmetics' fragrance Muguet de Bois, Pall Mall cigarettes, and Scripto lighters.
Off and on, during the 1960s and 1970s, he attempted to make a name for himself as a singer and recorded solo singles "My Ol' Gin Buddy and Me"/"Mr. Hunkachunk" for Columbia Records in 1966 and "Go Johnny Go"/
"Doctor Recommended Me a Potion" in 1977 for Lifesong Records. Overall, over 150 of his songs were recorded, in addition to working as a record producer. In 1970, he wrote music and lyrics for a musical-theater version of "A Dog of Flanders". He also produced the duo, Good & Plenty (cf. Good & Plenty candy). He also wrote and produced the MGM album "The Trout" on which he performed along with his brother Frank Romeo and Cass Morgan, and the unreleased solo album "Moonwagon".
Romeo's death at the age of 56, in Pleasant Valley, New York, in June 1995, was attributed to a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="19266842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266842" title="Joseph Hermann Schmidt">
Joseph Hermann Schmidt

Joseph Hermann Schmidt (1804–1852) was professor of Obstetrics in Berlin, and official of the Prussian cultural ministry.
In 1834 he became head of the Paderborn general hospital and eventually also of the Paderborn maternity clinic. He wrote a textbook of obstetrics widely used in Prussia. In 1842, together with Pauline von Mallinckrodt, he founded a private institution for the blind in Paderborn. In 1844 he became an official in the Prussian Ministry of Culture, the head of the gynecological section of the Berlin Charité Clinic and professor of obstetrics at the Humboldt University of Berlin. He died in 1852 of a lung bleeding.
A biography on Schmidt was published in 1939.
Controversy with Ignaz Semmelweis.
Schmidt approved of obstetrical students having ready access to morgues in which they could spend time while waiting for the labor process. For this he had a controversy with Ignaz Semmelweis who identified contamination as the principal source of high mortality rates from puerperal fever. In an editorial in 1850 he wrote: 
"A normal birth is often a slow process and it would be unreasonable to expect every young man .. to remain in the delivery room... In this respect it is very convenient that maternity wards are under the same roof as other clinics. are thus able to go into surgical or medical wards ... or they can go into the morgue from where they can be quickly called if significant change occurs." 
While he disagreed with Semmelweis that contaminated hands was "the only cause" of puerperal fever he thought that Semmelweis' observations regarding the positive effects of chlorine washings were "totally sufficient to warrant caution", and stated that "this inexpensive requirement will be adopted into practice at every obstetrical clinic." 
Semmelweis also scorned Schmidt of underreporting deaths from childbed fever: From 1844-1852 there were only 13 deaths out of 2,631 patients at the Charité. In the same period however, 442 patients "were transferred to other stations". Semmelweis was quick to point out that patients are transferred as soon as their health becomes doubtful.

</doc>
<doc id="19266843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266843" title="Harry Colliflower">
Harry Colliflower

James Harry Colliflower (March 11, 1869 – August 12, 1961), nicknamed "Collie", was a Major League Baseball player during the season. As a 30 year old rookie southpaw pitcher for the Cleveland Spiders, Colliflower won his debut game on July 21 giving up only 3 runs on 6 hits in a 5–3 victory against his hometown Washington Senators in the first half of a double header. Colliflower then lost his next 11 decisions, compiling an 8.17 earned run average, and a .303 batting average as a substitute outfielder.
In 1905, he coached Georgetown University's baseball team before becoming a minor league umpire for a couple of seasons. He umpired in the American League during the 1910 season.
Family.
Colliflower's nephew, James E. Colliflower, earned a bachelor's degree and three law degrees from Georgetown. He is enshrined in the Georgetown Athletics Hall of Fame as a coach of the varsity men's basketball squad from 1911–1914 and 1921–1922.

</doc>
<doc id="19266871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266871" title="Frank Bates">
Frank Bates

Creed Napoleon "Frank" Bates (September 28, 1876 – after 1918) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball from 1898 to 1899. He played for the Cleveland Spiders and St. Louis Perfectos. Bates was tall and weighed .
Early career.
Bates was born in Cleveland, Tennessee, in 1876. He started his professional baseball career in 1896 with the Columbus Babies and Mobile Blackbirds of the Southern Association. He had a combined win–loss record of 2-10 for the two clubs. The following year, he went 3-8 for the Southeastern League's Chattanooga Blues. However, in 1898, Bates started the season with the Interstate League's Dayton Old Soldiers and posted a winning record of 23-18. He then joined the major league Cleveland Spiders and went 2-1 with a 3.10 earned run average in four late-season starts.
1899.
In 1899, "syndicate baseball" was allowed in the National League, which meant that a single group could own more than one team. The Cleveland Spiders and St. Louis Perfectos were both owned by Frank and Stanley Robison, and in March 1899, Bates was "assigned" to St. Louis. He finished two games for the Perfectos early in the season, allowing one earned run in 8.2 innings pitched. On June 5, however, he was sent back to the Spiders, who were in last place. He made his debut for the 1899 Spiders on June 11, and, apparently "sulking" over his transfer from team to team, pitched poorly and lost the game, 10-1.
Bates lost his first four decisions with Cleveland. He then defeated the Boston Beaneaters on July 1, pitching a 17-hit complete game; that turned out to be the only time he won in 1899. The Cleveland Spiders had transferred their best players to St. Louis and were on their way to a 20-134 campaign, which set a record for the lowest winning percentage in Major League Baseball history. Bates, pitching the third-most innings for this team, went 1-18 with a 7.24 ERA, while making "a circus-like assortment of pitching mistakes."
The "Cleveland Press" noted in July that "although succeeds in turning almost every game into which he participates into a howling farce, he is sent into the box in his turn, only to bring ridicule upon his unfortunate associates." "The New York Times" wrote that he had "very poor command of the ball." On August 17, after a game in which Bates walked nine Brooklyn Superbas batters (one with the bases loaded), the "Cleveland Plain Dealer" observed:Of course, the Clevelands did not win the game, and it is hard to see when they will win a game so long as they persist in playing Bates ... He had little speed today, was quite as wild as usual, and the Brooklyns had little or no trouble in making runs and plenty of them.
Bates was released from the team in September, having lost each of his last 14 starts. He never pitched in the majors again.
Later career.
Bates returned to the Interstate League in 1900, and he went 6-13. In 1908, he finished his professional baseball career with the Cotton States League's Meridian Ribboners.
In September 1918, Bates was living in Cincinnati, Ohio, and working as a laborer for H. E. Culberson in Mingo Junction, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="19266879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266879" title="1999 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles">
1999 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles

Jan Siemerink was the defending champion, but lost in the first round to Fabrice Santoro.
Yevgeny Kafelnikov won in the final 6–2, 7–6(3), against Tim Henman.

</doc>
<doc id="19266886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266886" title="Suter Sullivan">
Suter Sullivan

Suter Grant Sullivan (October 14, 1872 in Baltimore, Maryland – April 19, 1925 in Baltimore, Maryland) was an infielder in Major League Baseball from 1898 to 1899. He played for the St. Louis Browns and Cleveland Spiders.

</doc>
<doc id="19266887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266887" title="Roflumilast">
Roflumilast

Roflumilast (trade names Daxas, Daliresp) is a drug which acts as a selective, long-acting inhibitor of the enzyme PDE-4. It has anti-inflammatory effects and is under development as an orally administered drug for the treatment of inflammatory conditions of the lungs such as asthma, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
In June 2010, Daxas was approved in the EU for severe COPD associated with chronic bronchitis. In March 2011, Daliresp gained FDA approval in the US for reducing COPD exacerbations.
Medical uses.
Its primary clinical use is in the prevention of exacerbations in severe COPD.
Adverse effects.
Adverse effects by incidence:
Common (1-10% incidence) adverse effects include:
Uncommon (0.1-1% incidence) adverse effects include:
Rare (<0.1% incidence) adverse effects include:
Chemical synthesis.
Chemical synthesis:

</doc>
<doc id="19266891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266891" title="Victor Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg">
Victor Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg

Victor Frederick of Anhalt-Bernburg (20 September 1700–18 May 1765), was a German prince of the House of Ascania. He was Reigning prince of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg from 1721 to 1765.
Life.
Victor Frederick was born on 20 September 1700 in Bernburg as the second (but eldest and only surviving) son of Karl Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, by his first wife Sophie Albertine, daughter of George Frederick, Count of Solms-Sonnenwalde.
After the death of his father in 1721, Victor Frederick succeeded him in Anhalt-Bernburg. As a "Rittmeister" and Capitan of the Prussian army, he was made a knight of the Order of the Black Eagle in 1722.
Victor Frederick showed a special interest for mining and metallurgy and often visited the mines in the Harz.
He died on 18 May 1765 in Bernburg.
Marriages and Issue.
In Dessau on 25 November 1724 Victor Frederick married Louise (b. Dessau, 21 August 1709 - d. Bernburg, 29 July 1732), daughter of Leopold I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau. They had one daughter:
In Potsdam on 22 May 1733 Victor Frederick married for a second time to Sophie Albertine Fredericka (b. Berlin, 21 April 1712 - d. Bernburg, 7 September 1750), daughter of Margrave Albert Frederick of Brandenburg-Schwedt. They had five children:
In Bernburg on 13 November 1750 Victor Frederick married morganatically for a third time to Konstanze Fredericka Schmidt, a commoner. She was ennobled and obtain the title of Baroness of Bähr (German: "Frau von Bähr") in 1752, shortly before the birth of their only daughter:

</doc>
<doc id="19266920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266920" title="Chaotic Wrestling Tag Team Championship">
Chaotic Wrestling Tag Team Championship

The Chaotic Wrestling (CW) Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tag team title in American independent promotion Chaotic Wrestling. The title was first won by The Damned (Mad Dog and Draven) defeating Derik Destiny and Kid Krazy in Worcester, Massachusetts on September 17, 2000. There have been a total of 38 official reigns.

</doc>
<doc id="19266927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266927" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Hudspeth County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hudspeth County, Texas

List of Registered Historic Places in Hudspeth County, Texas
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Hudspeth County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".

</doc>
<doc id="19266928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266928" title="Leon Plantinga">
Leon Plantinga

Leon B. Plantinga is an American musicologist specializing in music of the later eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. His writings have influenced scholarship on Clementi, Beethoven, and Schumann, and his textbook "Romantic Music" continues to serve as a standard textbook on nineteenth-century music in American universities. Having served as a faculty member of the Department of Music at Yale University from 1963 to 2005, he is now a member of the emeritus faculty. He is the brother of philosopher Alvin Plantinga and theologian Cornelius Plantinga.
He is the author of "Beethoven's Concertos: History, Style, Performance." (New York: W. W. Norton, 1999. 403 p. + 1 booklet of music examples, 108 p. ISBN 0-393-04691-5)

</doc>
<doc id="19266946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266946" title="Mathematical diagram">
Mathematical diagram

Mathematical diagrams are diagrams in the field of mathematics, and diagrams using mathematics such as charts and graphs, that are mainly designed to convey mathematical relationships, for example, comparisons over time.
Specific types of mathematical diagrams.
Argand diagram.
A complex number can be visually represented as a pair of numbers forming a vector on a diagram called an Argand diagram
The complex plane is sometimes called the "Argand plane" because it is used in "Argand diagrams". These are named after Jean-Robert Argand (1768–1822), although they were first described by Norwegian-Danish land surveyor and mathematician Caspar Wessel (1745–1818).()</ref> Argand diagrams are frequently used to plot the positions of the poles and zeroes of a function in the complex plane.
The concept of the complex plane allows a geometric interpretation of complex numbers. Under addition, they add like vectors. The multiplication of two complex numbers can be expressed most easily in polar coordinates — the magnitude or "modulus" of the product is the product of the two absolute values, or moduli, and the angle or "argument" of the product is the sum of the two angles, or arguments. In particular, multiplication by a complex number of modulus 1 acts as a rotation.
Butterfly diagram.
In the context of fast Fourier transform algorithms, a butterfly is a portion of the computation that combines the results of smaller discrete Fourier transforms (DFTs) into a larger DFT, or vice versa (breaking a larger DFT up into subtransforms). The name "butterfly" comes from the shape of the data-flow diagram in the radix-2 case, as described below. The same structure can also be found in the Viterbi algorithm, used for finding the most likely sequence of hidden states.
The butterfly diagram show a data-flow diagram connecting the inputs "x" (left) to the outputs "y" that depend on them (right) for a "butterfly" step of a radix-2 Cooley-Tukey FFT. This diagram resembles a butterfly as in the Morpho butterfly shown for comparison), hence the name.
Commutative diagram.
In mathematics, and especially in category theory a commutative diagram is a diagram of objects, also known as vertices, and morphisms, also known as arrows or edges, such that when selecting two objects any directed path through the diagram leads to the same result by composition. 
Commutative diagrams play the role in category theory that equations play in algebra.
Hasse diagrams.
A Hasse diagram is a simple picture of a finite partially ordered set, forming a drawing of the partial order's transitive reduction. Concretely, one represents each element of the set as a vertex on the page and draws a line segment or curve that goes upward from "x" to "y" precisely when "x" < "y" and there is no "z" such that "x" < "z" < "y". In this case, we say y covers x, or y is an immediate successor of x. In a Hasse diagram, it is required that the curves be drawn so that each meets exactly two vertices: its two endpoints. Any such diagram (given that the vertices are labeled) uniquely determines a partial order, and any partial order has a unique transitive reduction, but there are many possible placements of elements in the plane, resulting in different Hasse diagrams for a given order that may have widely varying appearances.
Knot diagrams.
In Knot theory a useful way to visualise and manipulate knots is to project the knot onto a plane—;think of the knot casting a shadow on the wall. A small perturbation in the choice of projection will ensure that it is one-to-one except at the double points, called "crossings", where the "shadow" of the knot crosses itself once transversely 
At each crossing we must indicate which section is "over" and which is "under", so as to be able to recreate the original knot. This is often done by creating a break in the strand going underneath. If by following the diagram the knot alternately crosses itself "over" and "under", then the diagram represents a particularly well-studied class of knot, alternating knots.
Venn diagram.
A Venn diagram is a representation of mathematical sets: a mathematical diagram representing sets as circles, with their relationships to each other expressed through their overlapping positions, so that all possible relationships between the sets are shown.
The Venn diagram is constructed with a collection of simple closed curves drawn in the plane. The principle of these diagrams is that classes be represented by regions in such relation to one another that all the possible logical relations of these classes can be indicated in the same diagram. That is, the diagram initially leaves room for any possible relation of the classes, and the actual or given relation, can then be specified by indicating that some particular region is null or is notnull.
Voronoi diagram.
A Voronoi diagram is a special kind of decomposition of a metric space determined by distances to a specified discrete set of objects in the space, e.g., by a discrete set of points. This diagram is named after Georgy Voronoi, also called a Voronoi tessellation, a Voronoi decomposition, or a Dirichlet tessellation after Peter Gustav Lejeune Dirichlet.
In the simplest case, we are given a set of points S in the plane, which are the Voronoi sites. Each site s has a Voronoi cell V(s) consisting of all points closer to s than to any other site. The segments of the Voronoi diagram are all the points in the plane that are equidistant to two sites. The Voronoi nodes are the points equidistant to three (or more) sites
Wallpaper group diagrams.
A wallpaper group or "plane symmetry group" or "plane crystallographic group" is a mathematical classification of a two-dimensional repetitive pattern, based on the symmetries in the pattern. Such patterns occur frequently in architecture and decorative art. There are 17 possible distinct groups. 
Wallpaper groups are two-dimensional symmetry groups, intermediate in complexity between the simpler frieze groups and the three-dimensional crystallographic groups, also called space groups. Wallpaper groups categorize patterns by their symmetries. Subtle differences may place similar patterns in different groups, while patterns which are very different in style, color, scale or orientation may belong to the same group.
Young diagram.
A "Young diagram" or Young tableau, also called Ferrers diagram, is a finite collection of boxes, or cells, arranged in left-justified rows, with the row sizes weakly decreasing (each row has the same or shorter length than its predecessor). 
Listing the number of boxes in each row gives a partition formula_1 of a positive integer "n", the total number of boxes of the diagram. The Young diagram is said to be of shape formula_1, and it carries the same information as that partition. Listing the number of boxes in each column gives another partition, the conjugate or "transpose" partition of formula_1; one obtains a Young diagram of that shape by reflecting the original diagram along its main diagonal.
Young tableaux were introduced by Alfred Young, a mathematician at Cambridge University, in 1900. They were then applied to the study of symmetric group by Georg Frobenius in 1903. Their theory was further developed by many mathematicians.

</doc>
<doc id="19266950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266950" title="Rawalpindi experiments">
Rawalpindi experiments

The Rawalpindi experiments were experiments involving use of Mustard gas carried out by scientists from Porton Down of the British military on hundreds of Indian soldiers.
Experiments were carried out before and during the second world war in a military installation at Rawalpindi, now in Pakistan. These experiments began in the early 1930s and lasted more than 10 years.
Since the publication of the story by Rob Evans of the Guardian on 1 September 2007, the experiments are referred to as the Rawalpindi experiments or Rawalpindi mustard gas experiments in the media and elsewhere.
Owner of the project--Porton Down.
The experiments in Rawalpindi were part of a much larger project intended to test the effects of chemical weapons on humans. More than 20,000 British servicemen and women were subjected to chemical warfare trials between 1916 and 1989 at the Defence Ministry's Porton Down research centre in southwest England.
Aim of the experiments.
The experiments were done to determine the effects of mustard gas, now known to be highly carcinogenic (cancer causing).
According to documents at the British National Archives in London, British army scientists and doctors tested the effects of mustard gas on Indian soldiers over a ten-year period. Beginning in the early 1930s, scientists at Rawalpindi sent Indian soldiers, wearing shorts and cotton shirts, into gas chambers to experience the effects of mustard gas. The scientists hoped to determine the appropriate dosage to use on battlefields. Many of the subjects suffered severe burns from their exposure to the gas.
Effects on subjects.
These tests caused large numbers of burns, some of which were so damaging that the subjects had to be hospitalized. According to the report severely burned patients were often very miserable and depressed and in considerable discomfort.
No long term effects of exposure were documented or studied.
Missing information.
The patients were treated at the Indian Military Hospital Rawalpindi now known as the Military Hospital Rawalpindi. The exact place where the British Military facility with gas chambers was located in Rawalpindi is not known.
Porton Down view.
Porton Down officials have argued that trials took place in a different era, during a conflict, and so their conduct should not be judged by today's standards.

</doc>
<doc id="19266982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19266982" title="Cherami">
Cherami

CherAmi Ltd is a company incorporated in Trinidad and Tobago that provides GPS Tracking solutions, in-vehicle security and personal security, and remote diagnostics systems throughout the Caribbean and the world. 
Overview.
CherAmi service depends on GPRS mobile phone voice and data communication, primarily via TSTT and Digicel in the Caribbean, as well as location information using GPS technology. CherAmi Ltd. was established primarily as a provider of vehicular tracking devices and has grown and developed to include personal tracking systems for individual customers along with additional services for cars, trucks, fleets and equipment for corporate customers.
The company uses its homegrown Geocoding system to attach a street based Trinidad and Tobago address.
There are three main packages. A personal package for individuals, a group package and a corporate package.
History.
CherAmi Ltd was incorporated in 2007..
Advocacy.
CherAmi Ltd advocates the turnkey solution as an essential safety tool. The company overlay Google Maps with icons that represent a historical record of the whereabouts of their supported devices. The benefits, they say, include its ability to aid police in tracking down stolen vehicles; contacting emergency medical services in case of an accident (should the driver request this or be non-responsive); notifying drivers of potentially dangerous mechanical problems; emails are sent to owners that give a diagnostics of their vehicle every month if subscribed to; and unlocking doors for drivers (after verifying authorization over the phone) should their keys be misplaced or locked inside their car. 
CherAmi installs the platform and supports it with a combination of on site and remote support. 
Privacy issues.
Critics raise questions about whether Trinidad and Tobago police or others could make use of CherAmi Ltd tracking, whether legally or illegally, for surveillance or stalking. Privacy advocates worry that innocent citizens may be hassled by the authorities due to false alarms. Stolen vehicles continue to be a problem in Trinidad and Tobago.

</doc>
<doc id="19267009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267009" title="Brenda Irving">
Brenda Irving

Brenda Irving is a Canadian television sports journalist employed by CBC Television. She was the first female "Hockey Night in Canada" rinkside reporter between 2001 and 2006, and previously served for seven years as a news reporter. She has also reported on Canadian football and major league baseball. She graduated from Conestoga College's radio and television broadcasting programme. She was born in Cambridge, Ontario where she attended Preston High School. She called Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics for CBC.

</doc>
<doc id="19267051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267051" title="Piotr Cywiński">
Piotr Cywiński

Piotr M. A. Cywiński (born 16 April 1972 in Warsaw) is a professional historian and Director of the Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum, active participant and often initiator in the Polish-Jewish and Christian-Jewish dialogue, and an ecumenist devoted to reconciliation of the various denominations among the cultures of the borderlands.
Life.
Born in 1972 he spent his early childhood in Warsaw. Between 1982 and 1993 Piotr Cywiński lived in Switzerland and France as a result of his father's, Bohdan Cywiński's, political exile. 
Cywiński graduated from the University of Humanities in Strasbourg (1993) as historian of the Middle Ages, and the Catholic University of Lublin (1995). He obtained his PhD degree at the Institute of History of the Polish Academy of Sciences (PAS) in 2001.
Professional career.
In 1996–2000 Piotr Cywiński served as vice-president, and for following decade (2000 - 2010) the President of Club of Catholic Intelligentsia (KIK) in Warsaw. Since 2010 Board Member of KIK.
In 2002 he co-founded the St. Adalbert's Forum, which he has been chairing until January 2010. He co-organized the Congresses of Gniezno in 2003, 2004 and 2005. In 2004 Cywiński was elected vice-president (and regional president for Europe) of the global federation of Catholic intellectuals Pax Romana ICMICA/MIIC for the mandate 2004-2008.
In the years 2000 - 2006 he served as Secretary of International Council of Auschwitz Memorial Site. On June 12, 2006 Cywinski has received a nomination for director of the Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum, which position he assumed on September 1 that year, replacing Jerzy Wróblewski, who was the Museum's director for many years. Co-creator of International Centre for Education about Auschwitz and the Holocaust and vice president of the Center's council. In 2009 co-created the Auschwitz-Birkenau Foundation and since then serves as president of the foundation.
Since 2009 member of the Museums' Council to the Minister of Culture (mandate IV and V), and in 2010 appointed for the 4-year-long mandate as member of the Council for the Protection of Struggle and Martyrdom Sites. He also serves as vice-president of the Council of Museum of the Independence Traditions in Łódź, and as member of the first mandate of the Council, later - since 2012 - as member of the Board of Trustees of the Museum of World War II in Gdańsk. He is a member of the Council of Museum Gross-Rosen in Rogoźnica.
Council member of the Maximilian-Kolbe-Werk Foundation, founded by the catholic Bishops' Council of Germany. Since 2011 board member of the Association Maison d’Izieu, memorial site in France.
In 2000-2002 while working for the Adam Mickiewicz Institute, Cywiński has co-directed Festival "Europalia 2001 Poland", then created a portal about Jewish culture and history in Poland: "Diapozytyw.pl". 2001-2004 member of Consultative Council of NGOs at Polish Council for European Integration. Since May 2002 member of the Polish Episcopate's Group for Dialogue with Greek-Catholic Church in Ukraine.
In elections 2004, candidate for Member of European Parliament on behalf of Freedom Union. Between 2005 and 2007, Piotr Cywiński was vice-president of the association Wikimedia Poland, since May 2007 is a member of the Audit Committee of the association.
In 2008, Cywiński served as ambassador of the European Year of Intercultural Dialogue.
Honors and awards.
Piotr Cywinski was awarded the Gold Cross of Merit in 2006. On April 15, 2008, Lech Kaczyński, President of Poland, awarded Cywiński the Knight's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta and, on January 20, 2010, he received the Officer's Cross of the Polonia Restituta. In 2013 polish Minister of Foreign Affairs awarded him "Bene Merito" award for his activities in strengthening the position of Poland in the international arena.
In 2008 nominated to the TOTUS Award in the cathegory of "achievements in the field of Christian culture”. In June 2012 awarded Belgian Order of the Crown. In November 2012, prince Albert II of Monaco awarded Piotr Cywiński the knight class of the Order of Saint-Charles.

</doc>
<doc id="19267066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267066" title="Garner Field">
Garner Field

Garner Field is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Uvalde, a city in Uvalde County, Texas, United States. The facility is named for John Nance Garner, 32nd Vice President of the United States.
Opened in October 1941 with three 6,000 hard surfaced runways, (00/18; 04/27; 15/33). Began training United States Army Air Corps flying cadets under contract to Hangar Six Corp with 305th Fling Training Detachment (Contract Pilot School). Assigned to Gulf Coast Training Center (later Central Flying Training Command) as a primary (level 1) pilot training airfield. Hangar Six, Inc. conducted pilot training. Airfield had four local auxiliary airfields for emergency and overflow landings. Flying training was performed with Fairchild PT-19s as the primary trainer. Also had several PT-17 Stearmans and a few P-40 Warhawks assigned.
Inactivated on 30 June 1945 with the drawdown of AAFTC's pilot training program. Declared surplus and turned over to the Army Corps of Engineers on 30 September 1945. Eventually discharged to the War Assets Administration (WAA) and became a civil airport. Very little of the wartime airfield still exists, as most of the airfield has been rebuilt as Southwest Texas Junior College.
Facilities and aircraft.
Garner Field covers an area of at an elevation of 942 feet (287 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 15/33 with a 5,255 by 100 ft (1,602 x 30 m) asphalt pavement. For the 12-month period ending April 7, 2005, the airport had 12,565 aircraft operations, an average of 34 per day: 96% general aviation, 2% air taxi and 2% military. At that time there were 48 aircraft based at this airport: 63% single-engine, 8% multi-engine, 13% jet, 8% helicopter and 8% glider.

</doc>
<doc id="19267071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267071" title="Will the Circle Be Unbroken?">
Will the Circle Be Unbroken?

"Will the Circle Be Unbroken?" is a popular Christian hymn written in 1907 by Ada R. Habershon with music by Charles H. Gabriel. The song is often recorded unattributed and, because of its age, has lapsed into the public domain. Most of the chorus appears in the later songs "Can the circle be Unbroken" and "Daddy Sang Bass".
Lyrics.
The song is generally played to be uplifting to the congregation, and is a frequent standard in gospel revivals.
There is also a reworked version of this song, using the same music and the same verse structure but with different verse lyrics and slightly different Chorus, using 'Can' instead of 'will', called "Can the circle be Unbroken" written by A. P. Carter, intended as a funeral hymn. That version has often been recorded as "Will the Circle be Unbroken", including the 1972 performance by Mother Maybelle Carter on the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band album of the same title.
The original version of the song does not insert "Lord" in lines 2 and 4 of the chorus, though the Carter version does.
In popular culture.
Two versions of the hymn are featured in the soundtrack for the 2013 video game "BioShock Infinite": a traditional choir version, performed by Maureen Murphy, and an award winning acoustic version performed by Troy Baker (guitar) and Courtnee Draper, the voice actors of main characters Booker and Elizabeth, respectively. The song won "the Best Song in a Game" award during the VGX 2013.
A season three episode of "Pretty Little Liars" was titled after the hymn and featured the song within the episode. The song also appeared in the film "Iron Jawed Angels."
In 2012, a Belgian film called "The Broken Circle Breakdown" used the song on its soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="19267081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267081" title="Matilija Creek">
Matilija Creek

Matilija Creek ( ) is a major stream in Ventura County in the U.S. state of California. It joins with North Fork Matilija Creek to form the Ventura River. Many tributaries feed the mostly free flowing, creek, which is largely contained in the Matilija Wilderness.
History.
Matilija was one of the Chumash rancherias under the jurisdiction of Mission San Buenaventura. The meaning of the Chumash name is unknown.
Geography.
From its headwaters south of Sespe Creek, the creek flows east and south through a narrow, flat-floored valley. It then turns east and receives the Middle Fork, which flows generally south and west, on the right, then flows east paralleling Forest Road 5N24 before it empties into Matilija Lake (really a reservoir), now mostly a mudflat, on a broad, flat alluvial fan. After exiting the approximately high dam, the creek turns north and meets the North Fork Matilija Creek; from there on it is called the Ventura River.
The smaller North Fork Matilija Creek flows west and south from its headwaters near Rose Valley, which is the source of Sespe Creek. The creek runs west, paralleling Forest Route 6N31, and receives a small tributary with a roughly fan-shaped drainage basin from the left. It then turns north and cascades through a narrow gorge, then receives a tributary from the left. It then begins to parallel California State Route 33 as it nears the town of Wheeler Springs. It arcs to the east and joins Matilija Creek shortly downstream.
Fed by some perennial springs, despite its location in arid terrain, the creek flows year round, and tends to reach enormous flows in the rainy season.
River modifications.
The creek has one dam on it, Matilija Dam, built in 1948 to provide water supply for agricultural and urban uses in Ventura County. When completed, the dam was high and could impound more than of water. The reservoir has now almost completely filled with sediment, rendering it nearly useless. The dam was notched to reduce its height twice in the late 20th century, in order to allow some of the accumulated sediment to flow downstream. It is currently slated for removal.
Ecology.
The name of the Matilija poppy ("Romneya") is taken from the Matilija creek canyon. The Matilija Dam was constructed in 1947 on lower Matilija Creek for the purpose of supplying water storage and flood control, blocking access of anadromous Steelhead trout ("Oncorhynchus mykiss") to over ten miles of upstream spawning areas. Historically 5,000 steelhead trout used the upper Matilija basin. The Robles Diversion Dam on the Ventura River downstream posed a barrier to trout migration until a $6 million fish ladder was constructed in 2006. Recent genetic analysis of the steelhead in Matilija Creek (both above and below Matilija Dam) has shown them to be of native and not hatchery stocks.

</doc>
<doc id="19267084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267084" title="KUVA">
KUVA

KUVA (102.3 FM, "U102.3") is a radio station licensed to serve Uvalde, Texas, USA. The station is owned by Rhattigan Broadcasting and the broadcast license is held by Rhattigan Broadcasting (Texas), LP.
KUVA broadcasts a Tejano music format.
The station was assigned the call sign KUVA by the Federal Communications Commission on November 2, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19267091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267091" title="Chandor">
Chandor

Chandor is a village in South Goa district, Goa, India, on the banks of the river Kushavati, 10 km east from Margao.
History.
This is the Village which was once the location of the capital of Chandrapur rulers which also boasts of a fort and a temple within its citadel. It is located 10 km from the inland of Margao and has both the ancient and modern aspects to its history. The ancient Chandor was once a port of international repute and a great capital where trade and commerce flourished. Its geographical location is just perfect with the loop of the Kushavati river with another tributary of the Zuari to the west.
Chandor is a vital part of Goa’s historic past with sparse remnants of ancient inscriptions and a site of extensive excavation. Goa was treated as a chess pawn in the constant moves by the great rulers and dynasties of South India. It was the most important capital of the famous Mauryan emperor Chandragupta, who was a powerful king in India and spread his reign all over the subcontinent including Goa after the defeat of Alexander the Great in 323 B.C.
Chandor also boasts of ancient inscriptions of Bhoja kings dating back to the 3rd or 4th Century A.D. The earliest piece of evidence being the Siroda plate found in Shiroda on the banks of a river. It also has a Shiva temple with old remnants of the fortress walls and form one of the oldest structural remains in Goa. Chandor’s origins are not exact, which has been justified by the fact that there has been found pottery of the Satyavahanas which leads one to think that their dynasty was much older than the Bhoja kings, ruling far back as 200 BC.
Father Heras on his discovery of Chandor in 1929, found a very old and shattered image of Nandi, Shiva’s Bull, believed to be affected adversely by the 13th Century Muslim raids on various temples of Goa. It dates back to the 7th century when Chandraditya was proclaimed as the ruler of the Konkan along with Chandrapur by his father, Pulakesin II, the great Chalukyan emperor. The status grew manifold with the establishment of trade and sea links mainly by the Arab traders who vastly inhabited the Arabian sea, the Persian Gulf, African east coast and the stretch of the western coast of India to Ceylon and thus, Chandor played an important role in boosting trading activities.
Geography.
Chandor is located at . It has an average elevation of 2 metres (7 feet).
Transport.
Chandor is connected by road from Margao. It has its own railway station.
Notable places.
Bragança house.
The Bragança House was built in the 17th century. This huge house is situated on one side of the village square. It has now been divided into two separate houses, with a common entrance.
The east wing, occupied by the Pereira Bragança family, has a small chapel with a relic of St. Francis Xavier, which is a fingernail. The artefacts, collected by the family over a number of years, have added to the beauty of the house. There is a Great Salon, a large ballroom with the floor made of Italian marble, antique chandeliers from Europe adorning the ceiling, and heavily carved, ornate rosewood furniture. What stands out among the furniture is a pair of high-backed chairs, bearing the family crest, which was given to the Pereira Bragança family by King Dom Luís of Portugal. Most of the furniture dates back to the 18th century and is made from local "seeso" (martel wood), lacquered or inlaid with mother of pearl by craftsmen from Curtorim bvillage. For antique aficionados, the house holds many delightful finds.
The west wing of the house belongs to the Menezes Bragança family. Apart from its exquisite furniture and Chinese porcelain from Macau, it also houses a collection of family portraits, dating back to the 17th and 18th centuries. The library is believed to be the first private library in Goa. It has almost 5,000 leather bound books collected by Luís de Menezes Bragança (1878–1938), a reputed journalist, renowned for the part he played in Goa’s independence movement.
References.
Chandor village has a local group of villagers under the banner of Ganv Bhavancho Ekvott (). Ganv Bhavancho Ekvott undertakes independent developmental and welfare projects in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19267103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267103" title="Conquest (board game)">
Conquest (board game)

Conquest is a strategy board game created and published by Donald Benge. First published in 1972 with cardboard pieces, it evolved to plastic pieces and a deluxe set in pewter plated in various metals including gold.
Development of the game.
The game is based on point to point movement and capture, with an innovative recapture interspersed. Pieces may mount each other such as a soldier mounting a chariot, and both boarding a ship. The pieces also include elephants and knights. Starting with a two player version, a four player board was developed which can be played as a free for all, or as a partnership effort. There was another edition published by Donald Benge, Conquest Plus, which introduced catapults and siege engines. Followed by Grand Conquest, which was published in Germany in 2006. Grand Conquest added camels and castles with draw bridges and introduced movement into the fields between the regular movement points. While an English version was printed, (1000 copies) it is yet to be released. On April 6, 2007 Donald was killed in a traffic accident by a drunk driver, and publishing activities were suspended until the game was bought by Numbskull Games in 2010. Donald also invented a chess variant called Quest Chess, based on principles from Conquest.

</doc>
<doc id="19267111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267111" title="Charles Dye">
Charles Dye

Charles Dye is a Grammy-nominated and Latin Grammy-winning record producer, engineer and mixer from Hollywood, Florida, USA.
Grammy.
In 2001, Dye received a Latin Grammy for Best Engineered Album for Thalía's "Arrasando".
Other production credits include John Ralston, Robi Draco Rosa, Ricky Martin, Jon Bon Jovi, Julio Iglesias, Sammy Hagar, Billie Myers, Jon Secada and Jenna Drey, as well as recording Lauryn Hill, Shakira, Aerosmith, Jennifer Lopez, Thalía, Hanson and Gloria Estefan.

</doc>
<doc id="19267138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267138" title="Taifa of Albarracín">
Taifa of Albarracín

The Taifa of Albarracín was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from 1012 to 1104.
Downfall.
In 1167, under the pressure from the ongoing wars between the Almoravid Dynasty and the new invasions of the Almohad Caliphate, the Moorish King Muhammad ibn Mardanis (nicknamed the Robber King), ceded the Taifa of Albarracín to a vassal of Sancho VI of Navarre, a noble from Estella-Lizarra named Pero Ruíz d'Azagra. The title was granted to d'Azagra due to his support of the Navarrese Crown against Alfonso VIII of Castile and Alfonso I of Aragón (Alfonso the Battler).
In 1172, Pero Ruíz d'Azagra managed to consolidate his power over the Señorío making that territory independent of the other Christian kingdoms in the region. In 1190, with the signing of the Borja Accords, between Alfonso II of Aragon and Sancho VI of Navarre, the two monarchs agreed to a defensive pact against Alfonso VIII of Castile which gave official legitimacy to the Sinyoría d'Albarrazín with respect to the two kingdoms.

</doc>
<doc id="19267141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267141" title="Universidade Estadual do Vale do Acaraú">
Universidade Estadual do Vale do Acaraú

Universidade Estadual do Vale do Acaraú is a state-operated university located in Sobra, Ceará, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19267142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267142" title="Museum für Moderne Kunst">
Museum für Moderne Kunst

The Museum für Moderne Kunst (), or short MMK, in Frankfurt, Germany, was founded in 1981. The museum was designed by the Viennese architect Hans Hollein. Because of its triangular shape, it is called "piece of cake".
History.
The newest of Frankfurt’s museums was founded in 1981. In 1983, Hollein won the competition for the Museum für Moderne Kunst; three years earlier, his proposal for the city's Museum für angewandte Kunst had finished a close second behind Richard Meier's prize-winning design. The ground-breaking was delayed until 1987, and the new museum was eventually built at a cost of about $38 million. It opened in 1991.
The MMK Zollamt is a satellite exhibition site that belongs to the MMK and is located in a building directly opposite the museum that once was home to the City of Frankfurt's Main Customs Office. The building has been completely modernized and artistic positions by younger artists or “unknowns” have been presented here regularly since 2007.
Collection.
The core of the museum is the legacy of German collector Karl Ströher with some 65 works of Pop art and Minimalism. The manufacturer Ströher had originally bequeathed to his native city of Darmstadt on condition that a museum be built to house them. When funds for the project were not approved, Ströher's heirs sold the choice ensemble to Frankfurt. Major artists since the 1950s from the Ströher Collection displayed, including Roy Lichtenstein, Andy Warhol, and George Segal, with his "Jazz Combo". Between 1981 and 1987, the museum's co-founder Peter Iden expanded the collection by adding works from the seventies and eighties. Later parts of the collection have been amassed by the museum's first director, Jean-Christophe Ammann. In 2006 the Museum für Moderne Kunst, along with the Kunstmuseum Liechtenstein and the Kunstmuseum St. Gallen, acquired the private collection of Cologne art dealer Rolf Ricke, comprising works by Richard Artschwager, Bill Bollinger, Donald Judd, Gary Kuehn, und Steven Parrino. Today, the permanent collection includes over 4,500 works of international art, ranging from the 1960s to the present.
Exhibitions.
The museum and its director, Susanne Gaensheimer, were commissioned to curate the German Pavilion at the Venice Biennale in 2011 and 2013.
Architecture.
Hollein molded a building to the three-sided space, so that the large rooms at the narrow end are wedge-shaped, producing 4,000 square meters (43,000 square feet) of exhibition space.

</doc>
<doc id="19267191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267191" title="Straight (2007 film)">
Straight (2007 film)

Straight is a 2007 German film by director Nicolas Flessa.
Plot.
The young German-Polish Jana does everything possible to give the impression of a straight acting woman. Her good-looking, bourgeois friend David and her pretence to work for a newspaper are attempts to hide her inner conflicts and her true occupation of a social worker in the low-prestigious Berlin district of Neukoelln.
But there is the young German Turk Nazim, who also tries hard to keep up the appearance of straightness. Night after night he goes out with his homies, dances with girls like Jana and deals with drugs on Hermann Square. Neither his best buddy Akin nor his playmates are suspicious.
Since his nocturnal encounter with a young German guy on Sonnenallee it has got more difficult for him to keep up the façade of normal life. This is the beginning of a love triangle that is dangerous for the self-understanding of all parties: because Nazim's new lover is no one else but Janas boy friend David...
Music.
In addition to the soundtrack of Boris Bojadhziev the Berlin Band Kitty Solaris contributed some songs to the film:

</doc>
<doc id="19267202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267202" title="Utricularia jackii">
Utricularia jackii

Utricularia jackii is a terrestrial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus "Utricularia". It is endemic to Thailand. "U. jackii" grows among wet rocks at higher altitudes (around ) or sometimes in evergreen forests. It was first collected in 1927 and again in 1958. In his 1989 revision of his monograph, Peter Taylor discussed the specimen and identified it as potentially distinct, but never formally described it. John Adrian Naicker Parnell located the herbarium specimens in preparation for a review of Lentibulariaceae of Thailand and formally described it as a new species in 2005. Parnell named it in honor of his father, John "Jack" Thomas Mackie Parnell.

</doc>
<doc id="19267220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267220" title="Verna, Goa">
Verna, Goa

Verna is a village in Salcete, Goa, adjacent to the village of Nagoa. It is located approximately 10 km north of the South Goa district headquarters Margão, 18 km south-east of Vasco da Gama and 23 km south-east of the state capital Panjim.
Geography.
Verna is located in Salcete, South Goa. It's geographical coordinates are .
Education.
The Padre Conceição College of Engineering (PCCE) is a private engineering college in Verna. The college is a part of Agnel Technical Education Complex, Verna, Goa and is the first private engineering college in the state.
Hotels in Verna.
Some hotels nearest to the centre of Verna are:
Airports.
Airports nearest to Verna; sorted by the distance to the airport from the city centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19267323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267323" title="USS Schuyler (AK-209)">
USS Schuyler (AK-209)

USS "Schuyler" (AK-209) was an Alamosa-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. She served with distinction in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations and returned home in 1946 to be placed into the "mothball" fleet where she silently remained until she was scrapped in 1971.
Built in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin.
"Schuyler" (AK-209) was laid down under U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 2163) on 27 May 1944 by Leathern D. Smith Shipbuilding Co., Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin; sponsored by Miss Marilyn Hughes; acquired by the Navy on 20 June 1945; and commissioned on 13 July 1945, at Galveston, Texas, Lt. B. G. Fold, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
"Schuyler" loaded cargo at Gulfport, Mississippi, and Mobile, Alabama, and sailed from the latter port on 9 August 1945 for the Pacific Ocean. She arrived at Leyte on 28 September; but, due to the end of the war, neither the cargo nor the ship was required there. She remained in the Philippine Islands until the cargo was purchased by the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration for distribution in China. 
The ship then proceeded to Shanghai and discharged her cargo there between 18 January and 22 March. She arrived at Yokosuka on 27 March, was decommissioned and simultaneously returned to the War Shipping Administration on 22 April 1946, and struck from the Navy List on 5 June 1946.
Post-war inactivation.
After service under charter to the Japanese government, the ship was laid up on 10 December 1954 in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Olympia, Washington, where she remained until sold on 5 February 1971 for scrapping.

</doc>
<doc id="19267328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267328" title="Taifa of Algeciras">
Taifa of Algeciras

The Taifa of Algeciras was a medieval taifa kingdom in what is now southern Spain, that existed from 1035 to 1058.
History.
The "taifa" was created in 1013, in the wake of the disintegration of the caliphate of Córdoba which began after 1009. When Sulayman ibn al-Hakam took control of the caliphate, he gave Algeciras to the Hammudids, a dynasty of Berber who had helped him in gaining the power. The first king of Algeciras was al-Qasim al-Ma'mun, who later was also caliph. 
His cousin Yahya al-Mu'tali annexed Algeciras to the taifa of Málaga in 1035. In 1039 Muhammad ibn al-Qasim, son of al-Qasim, was proclaimed emir of Algeciras. 
In 1055 al-Mu'tamid ibn Abbad, lord of Seville, appeared under Algeciras' walls, forcing Muhammad to leave the taifa, which was annexed to that of Seville.
Following its conquest, the kings of Spain (such as Philip IV) sometimes included the kingdom of Algeciras among their titles.
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19267343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267343" title="Paul Meier (author)">
Paul Meier (author)

Paul Meier, is an American Doctor of Medicine and Christian author of several self-help books as well as a series of Christian novels, the "Third Millennium" series, which according to its publisher have sold more than 300,000 copies.
He is also the founder of Meier Clinics, a non-profit, tax exempt organization providing Christian counseling. According to the biography on his website, the Association of Christian Counselors named Meier as the "father of the Christian Psychology movement". He has also appeared on TV and radio, including "Oprah", "Praise the Lord" and Paula White. In September 1999, the American Association of Christian Counselors presented Meier with a Lifetime Achievement Award for his work in the field of Christian counseling.

</doc>
<doc id="19267353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267353" title="Ralph Henry Barbour">
Ralph Henry Barbour

Ralph Henry Barbour (Also wrote as Richard Stillman Powell)(November 13, 1870 – February 19, 1944) was an American novelist, who wrote popular works of sports fiction for boys.
Biography.
Over his career, Barbour produced more than 100 novels as well as a number of short stories.

</doc>
<doc id="19267378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267378" title="Taifa of Alpuente">
Taifa of Alpuente

The Taifa of Alpuente was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from around 1009 to 1106.

</doc>
<doc id="19267391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267391" title="N&amp;W class M">
N&amp;W class M

The Norfolk and Western Railway's M, M1 and M2 classes (also known as the "Mastodon-class") were a series of 4-8-0 steam locomotives owned and operated by the Norfolk and Western Railway. These were the last significant deliveries of 4-8-0s in the United States. The N&W needed to get coal shipments over a mountain range, and powerful locomotives were needed. 4-8-0s were chosen over 2-8-2s because the 4-8-0 had better adhesive weight. Thus, in 1906, the first of the most numerous American class of 4-8-0 was contracted and built by Baldwin. The M1 class only differed from the M in valve gear. Because the M1's valve gear was poorly designed, there was excessive wear, making it impossible to keep them in alignment and valves properly set. Unsurprisingly, the M1's were the first to be retired.
Survivors.
Several locomotives survive. The most well known is No. 475, part of the 1906 order, which is currently operating on the Strasburg Rail Road in Pennsylvania. No. 433, also of the 1906 order, is an outdoors static exhibit in a park Abingdon, Virginia, with a basic roof to protect it from rain. There are also two M2 locomotives, numbers 1118, 1134, and one M2c, 1151, which have resided in the Virginia Scrap Iron & Metal yard since the early 1950s until 2009. M2c #1151 was moved on 21 August 2009, M2 #1134 moved on 24 August, and M2 #1118 on 26 August. The 1134 has received cosmetic restoration and is now located at the Railroad Museum of Virginia, in Portsmouth Virginia. 1118 was traded for 0-6-0T no. 34 and will remain at NRHS chapter's 9th Street facility. 1151 was moved to the Virginia Museum of Transportation in Roanoke.
See also.
4-8-0
4-8-0 475

</doc>
<doc id="19267392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267392" title="Frank S. Welsh">
Frank S. Welsh

Frank Sagendorph Welsh (born February 1950) is president of Welsh Color and Conservation, Inc., a consulting firm in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania that specializes in the investigation and microanalysis of historic paint, pigments, wallpapers and fibers in 18th through 20th century structures. Since 1972, Welsh has consulted on the research and restoration of original finishes and colors on over 1,600 restoration projects, which include World Heritage Sites and many national landmarks such as Independence Hall, Monticello, Colonial Williamsburg, and Grand Central Terminal. While the majority of his projects have been historic house museums and private residences, many have been historic churches, schools, lighthouses, bridges, ships, and railroad cars. His favorite preservation projects include Verdmont in Bermuda, the United States Capitol and Frank Lloyd Wright's Fallingwater. His company also analyzes paints associated with objects of fine art, such as paintings and antique furniture, for purposes of authentication.
Frank S. Welsh holds a bachelors degree from West Chester University in Pennsylvania in the field of Arts and Sciences and certificates for advanced study in chemical microscopy at the McCrone Research Institute in Chicago. He has completed advanced courses in history, chemistry, geology and scanning electron microscopy at West Chester University of Pennsylvania, the University of Pennsylvania, Drexel University and Bryn Mawr College. He began his professional career in 1972 as an Architectural Technician for the National Park Service for the Denver Service Center at their field office at Independence National Historical Park in Philadelphia. In 1975 he founded the Frank S. Welsh Co., and subsequently, Welsh Color & Conservation, Inc. as a consulting firm specializing in the investigation and analysis of historic paint and wallpaper coatings.
Over the past 35 years Frank S. Welsh has served as a visiting faculty member of the Preservation Institute: Nantucket, a summer program in historic preservation sponsored by the University of Florida at Gainesville. He also served as adjunct Assistant Professor in the Master of Arts in Historic Preservation Program at Goucher College in Baltimore, Maryland. He has conducted workshops for historic site administrators, preservation groups, and restoration crews.
Awarded a Charles E. Peterson Fellowship for advanced study from the Athenaeum of Philadelphia in 1992-1993, Welsh undertook research on early American paints, colors and pigments, and wrote a chapter, "The Early American Palette: Colonial Paint Colors Revealed," for the book Paint In America, published by Preservation Press. This chapter features period color samples from many national historic landmarks, including the Redwood Library, Monticello, Gunston Hall, Independence Hall, and the Miles Brewton House. Welsh's work on historic sites has been featured in both scholarly and popular periodicals, such as Architectural Record, Progressive Architecture, The Magazine Antiques, and Colonial Homes.
In September 2004, Welsh was appointed Research Associate in the Department of Geology at Bryn Mawr College in Bryn Mawr, PA. And in the Fall of 2005 the United States Capitol Historical Society awarded Welsh a Fellowship to investigate, research, analyze and publish on the use of brown zinc paint used as a primer on the 1850s cast iron door and window enframements at the Capitol in Washington, D.C.
In November 2007, at the annual meeting of APT in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Welsh received the Anne de Fort-Menares Award for his article: "Paint, Caen Stone, and Acoustical Plaster at the Public Library in Mobile, Alabama " published in the APT Bulletin in 2007. The award is presented for the article that best demonstrates excellence in the application of historical research to preservation practice.
In October 2008, at the annual meeting of APT in Montreal, Canada, Welsh received the Anne de Fort-Menares Award for his article: "Identification of 1850's Brown Zinc Paint Made with Franklinite and Zincite at the U.S. Capitol" published in the APT Bulletin in 2008. The award is presented for the article that best demonstrates excellence in the application of historical research to preservation practice.
References.
Sweeney, Thomas, W. "Coats of Many Colors: Frank Welsh Pursues the Paints of History", Preservation News, Washington, DC., September 1989.
Pirro, J.F. "A Colorful Past", Main Line Today, Newtown Square, PA, September, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19267418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267418" title="Erik Laykin">
Erik Laykin

Erik Laykin (born 1964, Los Angeles, California) is a computer forensic-eDiscovery expert and cyber-crime investigator.
Overview.
Erik Laykin is a computer forensic and electronic discovery and cybercrime investigator, author and past President and Pacific Rim Director of the L.A. FBI Infragard program as well as Chairman of the Advisory Board of the EC-Council (Electronic Commerce Council). Laykin has served as an expert witness throughout the United States in both Federal and state court and has also served as a court-appointed Special Master in matters involving complex eDiscovery and technology investigations.
Co-founder of Online Security, Inc. [http://www.OnlineSecurity.com] with Charlie Balot in mid-1990s.
Coined the term: "Find the Digital Smoking Gun".
Established initial computer forensic capabilities on behalf of American investigative agencies Kroll Inc., Investigative Group International and Pinkerton Investigations. Established first commercial computer forensic labs in Los Angeles, Chicago and Hong Kong catering to the legal and corporate community.
Director of Navigant Consulting Inc. (NYSE:NCI) from 2004 - 2008 where he established the Information Technology Investigations Practice and worked with noted industry leaders Jennifer Baker and James Gordon, who was portrayed by William H Macy in the film "A Civil Action".
Managing Director of Duff & Phelps (Duff & Phelps), LLC. Erik Laykin | Managing Director | Duff & Phelps</ref> as of 2008 where he is the Co-Practice Chair of the Global Electronic Discovery and Investigations practice. Led the Data Forensics and eDiscovery Investigative team (2009–2010) on behalf of the court-appointed Lehman brothers Bankruptcy Examiner, Anton Valukis; (see:Lehman bankruptcy) Chairman of Jenner and Block, whose extensive report Report of Anton R. Valukas brought to light Lehman Brothers usage of Repo 105.
Laykin is a fellow of the Academy of Court Appointed Masters and was appointed by California Insurance Commissioner and Gubernatorial Candidate Steve Poizner to the California Department of Insurance Anti-Fraud Task Force where he chaired the technology committee. Laykin was featured in the 2010 History Channel - A&E Network series "Partners in Crime" episode "Control-Alt-Delete", which highlighted a number of his high tech investigations in Asia. Preview the episode here: [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGxB8FctZFs (View following links for previews:[http://www.citvasia.com/PIC/computer2.html The program was syndicated by the Crime & Investigation Network (South East Asia) throughout Asia. Laykin is featured in the 2013 Smithsonian Channel series ""Forensic Firsts"" and ""Catching Criminals"" which chronicles a variety of investigations which utilize the forensic sciences. [http://www.smithsonianchannel.com/site/sn/show.do?series=1003122 Previews of the episodes: [http://www.smithsonianchannel.com/site/sn/show.do?episode=3375549]
Laykin is a contributing author of ""The Life and Death of a DotCom in China"" published by Asia Law & Practice in 2000. Laykin's book ""Investigative Computer Forensics"" was published by John Wiley & Sons in 2013. [http://www.wiley.com/WileyCDA/WileyTitle/productCd-0470932406.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19267429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267429" title="Roger Hillary">
Roger Hillary

Sir Roger Hillary (died 1356) was an English justice. He was one of five sons of William Hillary and his wife Agnes, a landowning family which held properties in Lincolnshire, Warwickshire, Staffordshire, and Leicestershire, and appear to have been related to Sir William Bereford, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas; a useful connection for a nascent lawyer. In 1310 Hillary was recorded as a court attorney, and in 1324 he was made a Serjeant-at-law. In the later years of Edward II's reign Hillary kept a low profile. In spring 1320 he married Katherine, and added to his property portfolio the Manor of Fisherwick near Lichfield in 1327 and a life-grant of a mill at Bentley at around the same time. 
After Edward's deposition in 1327 his career began to advance; in 1329 he was made Chief Justice of the Irish Court of Common Pleas, which he held for eight years. His position within the Irish judicial system seems to have been in name only; his commissions in England began to dramatically increase. In 1332 he was tasked with investigating Breakers of the Kings Peace in Staffordshire, and in 1335 he was investigated the activities of administrators in the West Midlands. He was knighted in 1336, and on 18 March 1337 he became a justice of the English Court of Common Pleas. In August 1338 he was tasked with investigating the fate of the wealth of Edmund FitzAlan, 9th Earl of Arundel, who had been executed in 1326, and in 1340 he worked as a tax assessor and collector in Worcestershire and Gloucestershire. In 1341 he was made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas to replace Sir John Stonor, who had been removed following a purge of the administration. Stonor was returned to his position in 1342, however, and Hillary was instead made a Puisne Justice. In 1344 he was part of a special commission investigating the demands of the House of Commons in return for granting a tax, and in 1348 he was appointed a justice for an Eyre in Kent, one which never took place. 
In 1351 he was tasked with enforcing the Statute of Labourers in Worcestershire, and after the retirement of Sir John Stonor in 1354 he was reappointed as Chief Justice, a position he held until his death in 1356.

</doc>
<doc id="19267438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267438" title="Taifa of Arcos">
Taifa of Arcos

The Taifa of Arcos was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in two periods; first from 1011 to 1068. From 1068 until 1091 it was under the forcible control of Seville, by Abbad II al-Mu'tadid. It regained its independence from 1143 to 1145 when it was finally conquered by the Almohads.

</doc>
<doc id="19267472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267472" title="KION (AM)">
KION (AM)

KION (1460 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Salinas, California, USA, the station serves the Monterey-Salinas-Santa Cruz area. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications and features programing from Fox News Radio, ABC Radio and Premiere Radio Networks.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters KHTX on December 28, 1991. On January 10, 1992, the station changed its call sign to KRQC. In January 1995, the station reverted to KHTX. On May 1, 1997 the station became KDON and on October 12, 1998 KTXX. In August 2002 the calls became the current KION, however on October 19, 2004 the station changed again to KABL. On December 31, 2006 the station reverted to the current KION.
Programming.
KION is the home of Armstrong & Getty, Glenn Beck, Sean Hannity, Roger Hedgecock and Coast to Coast AM. Weekend programming has various programming and time brokered paid programs. It is the local over the air home of the San Francisco 49ers and home of the Santa Cruz Warriors.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19267473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267473" title="Hüseyin Sermet">
Hüseyin Sermet

Hüseyin Sermet (born in Istanbul, 1955) is a Turkish pianist and composer. He is a Doctor Honoris Causa by the Boğaziçi (1988) and Marmara (1998) universities, and was named a State Artist in 1991. He is Co-President of ADAP (Association of Artists for Peace), based in Paris. 

</doc>
<doc id="19267478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267478" title="I Go Crazy (Paul Davis song)">
I Go Crazy (Paul Davis song)

"I Go Crazy" is a song written, composed, and recorded by American singer-songwriter Paul Davis. It was the first single he released from his 1977 album "Singer of Songs: Teller of Tales," and his second-highest peaking pop hit, peaking at #7 on the Billboard chart in 1978. The song entered the Billboard Hot 100 pop singles chart on 27 August 1977 and began slowly climbing, peaking in March and April 1978, before dropping off the chart the week after 27 May 1978, encompassing the entire 1977-1978 school year in the process. Overall, it spent 40 weeks (nine months and one week) on the Billboard Hot 100 charts, setting what was then the record for the longest run on that chart, of consecutive weeks or not.
Covers.
The song has been covered by several artists, including these four whose versions were all released as singles:

</doc>
<doc id="19267481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267481" title="Teal Park">
Teal Park

Teal Park is a public greenspace is Horseheads, New York. The land for the park was donated to the town in 1807. In 1910, political cartoonist Eugene Zimmerman, a resident of the town, designed the bandstand still standing today, known as the Zim bandstand.
It is adjacent to Eugene's home, The Zimmerman House, and is contained within the Horseheads 1855 Extension Historic District.
The park was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Usage.
During the Summer, Teal Park is home to the Horseheads Farmer's market which meets on every Saturday from 10:00 to 2:00.
Also, a concert series is held here every Thursday starting on the last Thursday of June, and ending in August.

</doc>
<doc id="19267482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267482" title="Taifa of Baeza">
Taifa of Baeza

The Taifa of Baeza was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed only from 1224 to 1226 when it fell to the Christian Kingdom of Castile.

</doc>
<doc id="19267517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267517" title="Australian corporate law">
Australian corporate law

Australian corporations law has historically borrowed heavily from UK company law. Its legal structure now consists of a single, national statute, the Corporations Act 2001. The statute is administered by a single national regulatory authority, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
The two federal statutes are the Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Securities and Investments Commission Act 2001. The corporations legislation is administered by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC"), which reports to the Treasurer. Since provisions in the Act can frequently be traced back to some pioneer legislation in the United Kingdom, reference is frequently made to judgments of courts there.
History.
On the settlement of Australia by white colonists in 1788 the power in relation to corporations was controlled by the United Kingdom. As colonies gained more independence, and their own parliaments, the power to control corporations passed to these parliaments. Each of the colonies passed laws in relation to the regulation of corporations. On federation in 1901, the Commonwealth of Australia gained limited powers, through the constitution, in relation to corporations, most notably: 
and
These powers did not extend to the formation of corporations, so the formation of corporations continued to be regulated by the states and territories, while the running of the companies was regulated by the Commonwealth. Laws between states and territories were inconsistent. A later attempt at complex cross-vesting arrangements by the states, territories and commonwealth was ruled invalid by the High Court. It was after this, in 2001, that the current arrangement, where the states refer their power to the Commonwealth in respect of corporations was created.
Company formation.
A "corporation" is defined as a fictitious person created by charter, prescription or legislation. Australian law, like English law, recognises a kind of corporation called the corporation sole. However, there are few cases of such corporations, the corporation sole is excluded from the Australian statutory definition of corporation.
A proprietary company, under CA 2001 s 45A is one which has the suffix "Pty Ltd", and is not allowed to raise capital on the public equity markets. This form of business entity has similar characteristics to the Limited Liability Company, or LLC, that is a commonly used term in multiple jurisdictions around the world. Some of the characteristics of an Australian Pty Ltd Company include: i) Full foreign ownership is permitted, ii) requires minimum of 1 shareholder and 1 director, iii) requires one director to be resident in Australia and office address to be in Australia, iv) profits can be repatriated, v) an annual audit is required and vi) shareholders have limited liability.
Corporate governance.
Corporate Governance standards are not just a matter of comply and explain, and have been taken into account by the Australian courts when determining the scope of directors’ duties. (They would probably be similarly relevant to the UK duty of care, under CA 2006 s 174.) In Australian Securities and Investments Commission v Rich (2003) 44 ACSR 241, Mr Greaves was a non executive director of One.Tel Ltd, and also the chairman, chair of the board and chair of the finance and audit committee. He was a qualified accountant. Austin J held that it was a board responsibility to have functioning financial and audit committees with independent directors, as well as internal review and accounting standards.
The ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Best Practice Recommendation 2.3 states the CEO and chair should be separated. The ASX CGCBPR 2.1 states there should be a majority of independent directors, and the chair should be independent. Under ASX CGCBPR 8.1, the companies should have a remuneration committee, which should be chaired by an independent director, have at least three members and a majority independent. Under ASX CGCBPR 4.2 an audit committee should have at least three members, with a majority independent, and be chaired by an independent director, not including the chairman.
Company constitution.
Australia has strong rules, similar to those found across the Commonwealth, in allowing for removal of directors by a simply majority vote in an ordinary resolution. For public companies, under CA 2001 section 203D there must be a meeting with two months’ notice where the director has a right to be heard. For private companies (known as ‘proprietary companies’ the ones with the suffix “Pty Ltd”) which do not offer shares to the public, and have under 50 shareholders, this rule can be replaced with a different rule allowing for a simpler procedure. In "Lee v Chou Wen Hsien" 1 WLR 1202, the Privy Council advised that a private company was permitted to have a provision for directors to remove other directors. Removal from office does not affect a director’s claim for breach of contract.
Under CA 2001 s 201H the directors of a public company (like the UK) can make the appointments of other directors. However, unlike the UK, if that happens, those new directors must be confirmed at the next general meeting, CA 2001 s 201H(3). This rule can be replaced, so it would be possible for a company to require that shareholders make all appointments.
Shareholder rights.
The Corporations Act 2001 contains a default rule in section 250E that shareholders have one vote per share (or have one vote per person if a poll happens with a show of hands at a meeting). Corporations listed on the Australian Stock Exchange cannot deviate from one share, one vote, ASX LR 6.8. Under CA 2001 section 249D directors must convene a meeting if members with over 5% of voting rights, or at least 100 members, request it by writing, stating the resolution they wish to be put. The CA 2001 section 136(2) gives the general meeting the power to alter or amend the company constitution by a 75% vote (a special resolution).
Directors’ remuneration is to be determined by ‘the company’ (CA 2001 s 202A). This rule is a default, or ‘replaceable’, and it usually is replaced. As usual, the standard is that directors pay themselves. Australia has had a non-binding say on pay since the Corporate Law Economic Reform Program Act 2004 for its shareholders. Then, under the Corporations Amendment (Improving Accountability on Director and Executive Remuneration) Act 2011, new sections were introduced (see CA 2001 ss 250R(2), 250U-V) so that if at two consecutive meetings over 25% of shareholders vote against the directors’ remuneration package, the directors have to stand for election again in 90 days. (It might be noted that it is unclear why shareholders cannot simply propose remuneration themselves, and fix it, and leave directors to go somewhere else if they do not like it.)
Australia has few rules on political donations. Only if it can be found to be a breach of a director’s duty (e.g. the director of the company is a Liberal party member), or would involve oppression of the minority (inherently unlikely) can anything be done as a company law matter. There is no requirement, as in the UK, for ex ante approval of donations with political objects. There is under the Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918 a requirement for disclosure of donations, since the Howard government raised it in 2006, over $10,000. 
Australia has member nominated trustees in its pension, or ‘superannuation’ funds. Since the Occupational Superannuation Standards Act 1987, the Occupational Superannuation Standards Regulations (SR 1987 No 322) regulations 13 and 15 required that equal member nominated trustees was required, or at least one member nominee in schemes with under 200 people.
Directors' duties.
Australian directors are subject to similar duties found in other jurisdictions, particularly the duty of loyalty and the duty of care. Directors have a duty to act in the best interests of the company. This is primarily identified as being for the benefit of shareholders, and surveys suggest that Australian directors, more than in other countries view their primary obligation as being to create shareholder value. 
Directors have the duty to strictly avoid conflicts of interest. When directors have any interest in a transaction (i.e. they stand on both sides of a deal a company makes) they must give full disclosure under CA 2001 ss 191-193. A significant extension to the UK law, there is in addition, criminal penalties under Schedule 3 of the 2001 Act. In "The Duke Group Ltd v Pilmer" a director of Duke Holdings Ltd, and a Duke Group employee, became a director of Kia Ora, a mining business, in a reverse takeover. He failed to tell the Kia Ora board the true financial position of Duke Group, which was worse than expected. Owen J held this failure to disclose meant a breach of duty. So directors involved in two companies with conflicting interests must not only declare they have an interest but also give full disclosure on the potential harm to the company. When a director wishes to take an opportunity in which the corporation may possibly have an interest, the director must gain the fully informed consent of the board, or the opportunity will belong to the company under CA 2001 sections 182-183. There are further specific duties where members need to approve large transactions found in CA 2001 sections 207-230.
An objective standard of care was developed by the Australian courts, beginning in "Daniels v Anderson" where a bank let a forex trader lose money. The bank sued the auditors (Deloitte Haskins and Sells) who failed to notice, and the auditors counterclaimed that the company was negligent. The NSW Court of Appeal held by a majority that both the auditors and the company directors, whether executives or not, were liable for failing to exercise proper oversight. However, the Liberal government introduced the Corporate Law Economic Reform Program Act 1999, with a new section 180(2) containing a US style ‘business judgment rule’. Directors cannot be liable if they have at least taken steps to ‘inform themselves about the subject matter of the judgment to the extent that they reasonably believe to be appropriate’. I am not sure whether there is a recent parallel case, but this would mean that a director could receive a report on separating the back and front offices and ignore it (as in Barings), receive a compensation report warning of grave mistakes and ignore it (as in the US Walt Disney case), or simply delegate duties down the chain of management, and ignore what happens below (as in "Daniels"). 
At the point of insolvency CA 2001 s 588G creates the same kind of liability as is found in the UK for wrongful trading (Insolvency Act 1986 s 214). If a director is or should reasonably be aware that a company would become insolvent, and does nothing about it, the director is liable to pay compensation.
Shareholder litigation.
The Australians were ahead of the UK in reforming the common law procedure for bringing a derivative claim. It also has an equivalent for unfair prejudice in CA 2001 s 232, which need not be discussed again. Following Canada’s lead, in the Corporate Law Economic Reform Program Act 1999, a new statutory derivative procedure was put into CA 2001 ss 236-242. A member or a former officer of the company (so unlike Canada, this is limited, and other stakeholders cannot claim) can bring an action for a breach of duty owed to the company, and if granting leave would be ‘in the best interests of the company’ the courts will give leave. This is essentially similar to the one found in the UK.
Takeovers.
Takeovers are regulated directly by detailed and very technical rules in Chapter 6 of the Corporations Act 2001. Corporate control transactions and restructings may also be subject to anti-monopoly, foreign investment, employment protection and special industry protection legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="19267522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267522" title="Service Medal of the Order of St John">
Service Medal of the Order of St John

The Service Medal of the Order of St John is an award given to those that have provided a requisite number or years service to the Venerable Order of St John. The award was announced in the St John Ambulance Brigade General Regulations for 1895 and minted in 1899, though the first honorees had been selected the previous year.
Description.
The cupro-nickel, rhodium-plated medal features the head of Queen Victoria and the legend VICTORIA + D + G + BRITT + REG + F + D + IND + IMP on one side, while the other displays the legend MAGNUS · PRIORATUS · ORDINIS · HOSPITALIS · SANCTI · JOHANNIS · JERUSALEM · IN · ANGLIA (Grand Priory of the Order of the Hospital of St. John of Jerusalem in England) along with five equally sized circles in a cross holding individual heraldic icons supported by sprawling St John's Wort. These are the St Edward’s Crown, the shield of Great Britain, two icons of the Order of St John in England, and the cipher bearing the feathers of the Price of Wales. The "only British medal to retain the head of Queen Victoria on a current issue", the image utilized is based on a bust of the queen created by Princess Louise, Duchess of Argyll. The medal's design has been largely unaltered since creation, though the script has changed from gothic to seriffed capital letters and the original practice of naming the recipient on the medal gradually ceased except in New Zealand, but the metal composition has evolved from its original silver to various silver-plated base metals before reaching its current composition in 1966.
The Medal is suspended from a ribbon that is 1.5 inches wide with five equally spaced stripes, of black and white. Where additional services beyond those required for the award have been performed, the ribbon may display bars and laurel leaves. In most countries (Including New Zealand and Canada) a recipient is awarded a silver bar for every five years up to three silver bars, beyond which all silver bars are removed and a gilt bar is put on the medal for each five years. At the forty-seven year mark, the recipient is awarded a laurel leaf and all bars are removed. All bars are represented on the undress ribbon by appropriately coloured Maltese crosses, while the laurel leaf is also used on the undress ribbon.
Qualifications.
The medal is typically rewarded to recognise efficient service of appropriate duration. The length varies by location, with current terms for the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, New Zealand and South Africa set for 12 years, while other territories require 10. Other forms of conspicuous service have also been recognized with the medal.
In the United Kingdom, the Service Medal is after the Solomon Islands Independence Medal and before the Badge of the Order of the League of Mercy in the order precedence. In Canada, the medal is after the Ontario Provincial Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medal and before the Commissionaire Long Service Medal.
In 2010, the Order of St John England and the Islands decided that time spent as a Cadet would not count towards the Service Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19267549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267549" title="Taifa of Carmona">
Taifa of Carmona

The Taifa of Carmona was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed for two distinct periods; first from 1013 to 1066 when it was conquered by the Taifa of Seville, and secondly from around 1143 to 1150 when it was finally conquered by the Almohads. The taifa was created and ruled by the Zenata Berber Birzalid dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="19267575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267575" title="10th Infantry Division (Philippines)">
10th Infantry Division (Philippines)

The 10th Infantry Division, Philippine Army, known officially as the Agila Division, is one of the Philippine Army's Infantry units in Mindanao, and specializes in anti-guerrilla warfare.
History.
10th Infantry Division, Philippine Commonwealth Army during World War II.
"Main Article: 10th Infantry Division (Philippine Commonwealth Army)"
Founded in World War II under the Japanese Occupation, the military establishment of the 10th Infantry Division, Philippine Commonwealth Army was found active on 1942 to 1946 at the military general headquarters and they stationed in the island of Mindanao in Southern Philippines. The engagements of the combat assigned of the Imperial Japanese military conflicts and counter-insurgency and sending the military clearing operations in Mindanao included the nine major main provinces of Agusan, Bukidnon, Cotabato, Davao, Misamis Occidental, Misamis Oriental, Sulu, Surigao and Zamboanga and one major main islands of Camiguin and aided by the local Christian and Islamic guerrilla resistance under by guerrilla leader Colonel Wendell Fertig and the American forces of the U.S. Armed Forces units was attacked by the Japanese Imperial armed forces led by Lieutenant General Gyosaku Morozumi.
Started the Conflicts and Counter-Insurgencies in Mindanao during the Japanese Occupation from 1942 to 1945 between the Filipino troops under the Philippine Commonwealth Army and Philippine Constabulary units and the recognized guerrillas led by Colonel Wendell Fertig was around side by side of taken of eight main province in Mindanao for the four year invasions and siege commands against the Japanese. The aftermath of the Japanese Insurgencies in Mindanao, the local troops of the Philippine Commonwealth Army and Philippine Constabulary units and the recognized guerrilla groups was retreated by the Japanese and before the liberation in the south in 1945 by returning American forces and help Filipino soldiers of the Commonwealth Army and Constabulary units and local guerrillas.
During the Battle for the Liberation of Mindanao on March to August 1945, local Christian and Muslim soldiers and military officers under the 10th Infantry Division of the Philippine Commonwealth Army was sending the clearing military operations in Mindanao between the nine major main provinces of Agusan, Bukidnon, Cotabato, Davao, Misamis Occidental, Misamis Oriental, Sulu, Surigao and Zamboanga and one major main islands of Camiguin is from the local military general headquarters and camp base from the south was along fought the main battles and invasions was side by side and helping by the Christian and Islamic guerrillas led by guerrilla leader Colonel Wendell Fertig and the American liberation forces of the U.S. Armed Forces units to attacking Japanese Imperial forces under by Lieutenant General Gyosaku Morozumi. After the Liberate in Mindanao on August 1945, the Japanese Imperial forces was found defeated and surrendered by the combined U.S. and Philippine Commonwealth troops including the local recognized guerrilla groups was captured and retaken in Mindanao and there successfully victory from the Allied troops and guerrillas and ended from the main battles from the south.
Start the Battle of Camiguin on 1945, when the local Filipino Christian and Muslim troops and military officers under the 6th, 10th, 101st and 102nd Infantry Division of the Philippine Commonwealth Army was powered by the ships of the Philippine Commonwealth Navy was landed the beaches and sending operations to liberated the main battle commands in the island of Camiguin and aided the local guerrilla resistance and fought side by side against the Japanese. The Aftermath the Battle of Camiguin, The Japanese Imperial forces in the small island was defeated and captured in action and they captured by the island from the stronghold local Philippine Commonwealth troops and local guerrilla resistance was finally over to successfully victory after the main battle.
10th Infantry Division, Philippine Army during Post-War Era.
After the Second World War, the established 10th Infantry Division of the Philippine Army also known officially as the Agila Division was founded on August 16, 2006 and they stationed and headquarters in Camp Panacan in Davao City. The local government soldiers and officers under the 10th Infantry Division of the Philippine Army was sending the combat operations in the Mindanao Region and the engagements of the Anti-Communist and Islamic Operations and helping aided and supported of the Armed Forces of the Philippines, Philippine National Police and the CAFGU militia forces against the communist rebels of the Communist Party of the Philippines-New People's Army (CPP-NPA), the Islamic rebels and bandits of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) and the Abu Sayyaf Group (ASG) and other local crinimal elements.
Founded of the Operation Enduring Freedom in Mindanao, Southern Philippines on January 15, 2002 to ongoing was part of War of Terror and the Islamic Insurgency in the Philippines. the local government forces of the Philippine Army 10th Infantry "Agila" Division was sending the combat operations in Mindanao, Southern Philippines and the engagements of the Anti-Islamic and Counter-Terrorism operations and helping aided and supporting of the Armed Forces of the Philippines, Philippine National Police, the CAFGU militia forces and the U.S. Armed Forces to fought against the Islamic rebels and bandits of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) and Abu Sayyaf Group (ASG) and other local crinimal elements.
Mission.
The 10th Infantry (AGILA) Division, Philippine Army often conducts Internal Security Operations (ISO) in their Area of Responsibility (AOR) to dismantle and destroy the remaining guerilla fronts of the Local Communist Movement (LCM), the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), and the Abu Sayyaf Group (ASG) in order to attain peace and stability conducive to sustainable development in assisting Philippine government in its socio-economic development projects; also assist the Philippine National Police curb criminality in this south-easterly region of Mindanao.

</doc>
<doc id="19267596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267596" title="Taifa of Guadix and Baza">
Taifa of Guadix and Baza

The Taifa of Guadix and Baza was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from only 1145 to 1151 when it was conquered by the Taifa of Murcia.

</doc>
<doc id="19267610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267610" title="A Prize of Arms">
A Prize of Arms

A Prize of Arms is a 1962 British crime film directed by Cliff Owen and starring Stanley Baker, Helmut Schmid, Patrick Magee and Tom Bell with early appearances by several actors including Fulton Mackay, Tom Adams and Rodney Bewes. Set in 1956, the film follows a criminal gang as it tries to rob an army pay convoy during the Suez Crisis.
Plot.
Three criminals have hatched a plan to rob an army barracks. The troops are about to be dispatched to take part in a war in the Middle East and there is believed to be a large amount of pay on the premises, to be shipped out with them.
The gang enters an army barracks, disguised as soldiers and proceeds to the pay corps headquarters where, under the guise of maintenance work, they make sure that the alarms are disabled - which will give them time to make their escape once the robbery takes place. 
For the rest of the day they try to integrate themselves into the workings of the base, including being vaccinated for Overseas service, to avoid attracting attention. As night falls, they change into military police uniforms and head for the pay headquarters again, announcing on arrival that they have had reports of a fire. They begin searching the rooms. 
Starting a small blaze, they then order the premises to be evacuated. With the building empty, they break into the safe and steal over £100,000. Starting several fires to cover their activities, they then withdraw, carrying a fake casualty in a stretcher. As troops rush in from across the base to put out the fire, the men drive off to a secluded spot on the base where they had left an army truck.
When an officer rings up the medics to check on the progress of the casualty, he is told nobody has arrived. Suspicious, he raises the alarm, and the whole camp is put on standby while the police are sent for. They are initially fooled into thinking the criminals have already left the camp. Meanwhile the crooks successfully manage to escape the camp by tailing onto the end of a convoy. 
As the authorities slowly awake to what has happened, military police are dispatched after the convoy. After the truck leaves the convoy, it is tracked down by the army, with the criminals seemingly cornered in a disused country barn. They try to make a break for it, using a flamethrower to clear their path. Initially successful, they manage to outrun the troops, before their truck explodes.
Reception.
Despite a positive reception by critics, the film failed at the box office.
The film was released on Region One DVD in May 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19267625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267625" title="Taça do Atlântico">
Taça do Atlântico

The Taça do Atlântico (, ) was a national football team's competition set between 1956 and 1976 under irregular bases and disputed among the national football teams from South America. The participating countries were Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay. Paraguay did not play in the first edition of the competition. There were 3 championships and the Brazil won them all. In 1956, a club competition was played in parallel to the main competition, but the final between Boca Juniors and Corinthians was never played.
1976 Taça do Atlântico.
Note:
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="19267626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267626" title="Naval Cathedral in Kronstadt">
Naval Cathedral in Kronstadt

The Naval cathedral of Saint Nicholas in Kronstadt is a Russian Orthodox cathedral built in 1903–1913 as the main church of the Russian Navy and dedicated to all fallen seamen. The cathedral was closed in 1929, was converted to a cinema, a House of Officers (1939) and a museum of the Navy (1980). The Russian Orthodox Church reinstalled the cross on the main dome in 2002 and served the first Divine Liturgy in the cathedral in 2005. In 2013, the Patriarch of all Russia, with Prime Minister Dmitriy Medvedev and his spouse attending, conducted the ceremony of grand reconsecration in the now fully restored cathedral.
History.
Background.
The first Orthodox church in Kronstadt was built in 1728–31. The wooden church remained the main place of worship in Russia's largest naval base until 1840, when the counterweights balancing the church bells broke through the rotting floors and seriously damaged the belltower structure. Emperor Nicholas I personally ordered the shutdown of the unsafe church; it was demolished in 1841. For the next half century worship was performed in temporary locations — in hospitals, barracks and even rented private houses; a temporary wooden church built in 1861 was inadequate for the ten thousand Kronstadt seamen from the start. Numerous Navy requests for construction funding were turned down or simply left unanswered, despite the fact that the cost of building a large contemporary cathedral (200 to 500 thousand roubles) was less than 10% of a pre-dreadnought battleship’s cost (4 to 6 million roubles).
Construction management, extremely centralised until the reign of Alexander II, was gradually decentralized in the 1880s–1890s. The right to initiate individual construction projects passed from the Emperor himself to imperial ministers and department chiefs. In 1896 admiral Pavel Tyrtov, "director" of the Imperial Russian Navy, started preparations to build a cathedral in Kronstadt in earnest. Tyrtov insisted that the cathedral be built on the site identified nearly two centuries earlier by Peter I and reasoned that it should not cost more than the new Kharkiv cathedral (200,000 roubles).
The contests.
In 1897 the Navy declared an international architectural contest for the design of Kronstadt cathedral and established a fund to finance construction. Typical to Russia, the project was sponsored by the state, intended for the state Navy, but initially financed by personal donations of the Navy servicemen and general public. From 1898 to 1913 all servicement of the Baltic Fleet were charged 1/400 of their salary to finance the construction; this amounted to 280 thousand roubles, not including truly voluntary donations. Later, as the project unfolded, it became obvious that private donations were insufficient and the state treasury paid for most of the costs.
The contest specified cathedral size in terms of number of worshippers — one thousand men, 16 per square sazhen. This was far smaller than contemporary cathedrals built in provincial towns (Nizhny Novgorod — 2,000 worshippers, Kharkiv — 4,000), more on par with "garrison churches" built in the Caucasus and Congress Poland (Kielce — 900 worshippers). The client was well aware of new construction technologies and welcomed their use as long as it helped to balance the budget. The basement level was reserved only for boilers and fuel storage, saving the costs of establishing a second "winter (i.e. heated) church". The specifications did not prescribe a specific architectural style. Rather, they insisted on cutting costs and prohibited use of such "luxuries" as mosaics or paintings on the inner surface of the dome. These constraints failed the first contest. Only three architects dared to participate, reusing already familiar past drafts; all three were rejected.
The second contest of 1897 also failed; the only draft deemed worthy of execution was too small for the intended purpose. Finally, in 1898, the Navy lifted some of size and cost constraints; this time, the building had to be large enough to be visible from large distance; "the Cross of the cathedral must be the first item visible to incoming ships". This contest was won by Antony Tomishko, author of Kresty prison, who presented a Russian Revival draft following Konstantin Thon's "Russo-Byzantine" tradition.
Nicholas II routinely approved the draft; John of Kronstadt called for immediate start of construction work. However, the newly appointed commander of Kronstadt base admiral Stepan Makarov found Tomishko’s draft too weak artistically and too small for the purpose. He requested the Emperor to reconsider his choice; after nearly two years of delays, Nicholas agreed to discard Tomishko’s draft in June 1900.
Design.
Makarov took control over the project and invited Vasily Kosyakov (1862–1921), an already renowned master of Neo-Byzantine architecture. The process of this choice remains undocumented, however, Kosyakov had worked for the Navy before as the architect of church of Our Lady the Merciful in Saint Petersburg. Kosyakov, still in his twenties, had perfected the optimal proportions of a single-dome, four-apse Byzantine design; his 1888–91 drafts of a church in Astrakhan (itself based on "Our Lady the Merciful") were reused all over the Empire. Vasily's younger brother and partner Georgy Kosyakov (1872–1925) was a talented graphic artist; he worked on interiors and finishes while Vasily handled overall and structural design. Makarov personally instructed Kosyakov that the cathedral must accommodate 5,000 worshippers and follow the historical Byzantine canon.
In 1900–1 Vasily Kosyakov travelled to Istanbul and Greece to refresh his understanding of genuine Byzantine art. In April 1901 he presented two preliminary drafts to the Commission of the Navy; the selected draft was approved by Nicholas II May 21, 1901. Kosyakov departed from his preferred proportions of a tall cathedral with a relatively small main dome; instead he opted for a wide (26 meters) but relatively low dome in line with the proportions of Hagia Sofia. The reason for this change remains undocumented. One version attributes it to interference by Makarov. The admiral once was an attache in Istanbul and was well aware of the genuine Byzantine tradition. Another likely version links the change to direct influence of professor Nikolay Sultanov, Kosyakov's teacher at the Institute of Civil Engineers, leader of Russian Revival school. In 1895–1904 Kosyakov was managing the construction of Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul in Peterhof designed by Sultanov.
By 1903 Kosyakov brothers produced a complete album containing nearly a thousand graphic sheets detailing the structure, exterior and internal design of yet unbuilt cathedral. Physically, the graphics were executed by Georgy Kosyakov. Plan, structure, external outline is credited to Vasily Kosyakov; detailed artwork of interior finishes to Georgy. Interior features were clearly influenced by Art Nouveau, skillfully integrated into a Byzantine shell and complemented with modern engineering systems. Vasily Kosyakov’s layout also demonstrates influence of Romanesque architecture, notably in the twin belltowers by the sides of the main portal — an extremely uncommon feature in Russian practice.
Construction.
October 27, 1901 the 14,000 strong garrison of Kronstadt was summoned for the groundbreaking on Anchor Square. Earthwork and work on concrete foundations and a granite base continued through 1902; the walls were laid down in a massive ceremony May 8, 1903 with the Emperor in attendance.
Despite social unrest that culminated in the Russian revolution of 1905, the cathedral was structurally complete in 1907; heating and ventilation were made operational in 1908, enabling year-round work on the finishes. In 1907 Kosyakov brothers switched to producing detailed drawings and instructions to craftsmen and suppliers of interior finishes. August 19, 1908 they presented the revised album of these drawings to the Romanovs. Nicholas and Alexandra responded with numerous amendments and changes that were implemented by spring of 1909.
In summer of 1909 the external finishes were completed, and the scaffolds removed. The building was clad in black granite (base and columns) and yellow brick (walls) with terra cotta inserts. Inside, the iconostasis was made of marble from the Urals. The four portals were decorated with mosaic images of Theotokos, Saint Nicholas, Peter, Paul, John of Rila and Mitrofan of Voronezh by Foma Raylian. Most of interior paintings were executed by the school of Mikhail Vasilyev; icons were painted by Apollon Vasilyevich Troitski (Trinity) Аполлон Васильевич. Adjacent park was designed by E. G. Gilbikh.
The cathedral was equipped with an independent central heating and a central vacuum cleaning system employing a complex network of pressurized manifolds and valves. Electrical lighting employed 5 thousand light bulbs.
The cathedral was consecrated in a public ceremony attended by Nicholas II and his family June 10, 1913. Total cost reached an unprecedented amount of 1,955,000 roubles, not including donations in kind and unpaid labor by the seamen and civilians.
Operation.
The cathedral operated as such for only 16 years. October 14, 1929 it was closed; valuables were nationalized to state treasury. A small portion of these relics were displayed at the Museum of Navy and the Russian Museum.
In 1930—1931 the cathedral was defaced: its crosses and bells were toppled over and hauled to the foundries. One bell, weighing 4,726 kilograms (second largest) remained in place — either due to technical difficulties or deliberately, as an emergency alarm signal. Internal marble items, including the iconostasis and the memorial boards with names of the fallen seamen, were ripped out, broken or cut and reused for ordinary construction needs. A small number of memorial boards ended up in the Museum of Navy and were "written off" in 1970.
In 1932 the cathedral hall was converted to a cinema, frivolously named "New Star" (in English, transliterated in Cyrillic) but soon renamed to more appropriate Maxim Gorky; in 1939 the cinema was upgraded to a "House of the Officers" (akin to a community center) of Kronstadt garrison. During World War II it was closed; the dome received three direct artillery hits. Post-war "reconstruction" of 1953—54 finally converted the cathedral to a functioning concert hall. This time, the builders added a suspended ceiling that isolated the hall from the dome; it remained in place as at end of 2007. Reduction of military personnel in the 1960s made the concert hall redundant; in 1980 the cathedral reopened as a branch of the Central Museum of Navy.
The Church attempted to repossess the cathedral since the 1990s. The first cross to be reinstalled on the main dome was made in 1996 but was not erected due to financial problems. The second attempt, in 2002, employed a heavy helicopter and nearly ended in a disaster: a seven-meter cross fell from the dome and was damaged beyond repair; there were no human injuries. The third cross was successfully erected November 24, 2002. Three years later, November 2, 2005, the Church served the first Divine Liturgy in the Naval Cathedral since 1929. As of September 2008 the cathedral is operational, but it is opened only on special occasions.
The cathedral underwent extensive repairs and improvements, and was reconsecrated in April 2012. In his remarks, Russian president Dmitry Medvedev said the cathedral looked "better than 100 years ago." Repairs are scheduled to be completed in 2013, in time for the cathedral's centennial anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="19267645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267645" title="Falcons of Narabedla">
Falcons of Narabedla

Falcons of Narabedla is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley set in the universe of her Darkover book series. It was first published in book form in English by Ace Books in 1964, as an Ace Double with Bradley's collection "The Dark Intruder and Other Stories" on the other side. The story first appeared in the May 1957 issue of the magazine "Other Worlds".
The name "Narabedla" is the name of the star "Aldebaran" spelled backwards.
Plot introduction.
The novel concerns a person who is transported into the future and an alien world where Terrans and Darkovans have meshed and become decadent.

</doc>
<doc id="19267655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267655" title="Taifa of Jaén">
Taifa of Jaén

The Taifa of Jaén was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed for only two very short periods, first in 1145 and secondly in 1168.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="19267656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267656" title="Fanny zu Reventlow">
Fanny zu Reventlow

Franziska (Countess zu) Reventlow (real name "Fanny Liane Wilhelmine Sophie Auguste Adrienne Gräfin zu Reventlow", 18 May 1871 – 26 July 1918) was a German writer, artist and translator, who became famous as the "Bohemian Countess" of Schwabing (an entertainment district in Munich) in the years leading up to World War I.
Life.
Fanny (or Franziska, as she was also called later) Reventlow was born in the family seat at Husum in the north of Germany, the fifth of six children of the Prussian aristocrat Ludwig, Count zu Reventlow (1825–1894) and his wife Emilie (1834–1905). The family were on friendly terms with the North German writer Theodor Storm. Her eldest brother Theodor died as a fifteen-year-old, her brother Ernst was an ultra-nationalist writer and eventually became a Nazi.
While young she was in constant conflict with her mother. She was thrown out of boarding school for misbehavior and lack of respect for the authorities. After being sent to stay with a family friend in 1893, she fled to Hamburg. Here she met Walter Lübke, who financed her art studies in Munich, and whom she married in 1894.
The marriage broke up when she set off again in 1895 to Munich, to continue her studies. They were divorced in 1897. In September of that year her son Rolf was born; she never divulged the name of the father (although it is very likely to have been the Polish-born painter & engraver Adolf Eduard Herstein). 
In Munich she supported herself by translation work for the Albert Langen Publishing House and by writing short articles for magazines and newspapers such as "Simplicissimus" and the "Frankfurter Zeitung". After taking some acting lessons in 1898 she had a short engagement at the Theater am Gärtnerplatz. Otherwise she took casual jobs as a secretary, assistant cook, insurance agent and so on to keep going. As usual in Bohemian circles she also received financial help from male friends and casual acquaintances. 
She was a friend of Ludwig Klages and thus became part of the Munich Cosmic Circle based around the mystic Alfred Schuler, which also included Karl Wolfskehl. It broke up in acrimonious circumstances in 1904. She wrote about her experiences with the Circle in her Roman à clef "Herrn Dames Aufzeichnungen" (1913). She also got to know Theodor Lessing, Erich Mühsam, Oskar Panizza, Rainer Maria Rilke, Marianne von Werefkin, Alexej von Jawlensky, Franz Wedekind and many others of the "Munich Moderns". With her son she travelled to Samos (1900), Italy (1904, 1907) and Corfu (1906/1907).
She left Munich for Ascona in Switzerland in 1910 (Monte Verità), where she wrote her "Schwabing" novels. In 1911 married Baron Alexander von Rechenberg-Linten, a marriage of convenience, which enabled him to inherit 20,000 Marks. However, he lost this in a bank collapse in 1914.
In 1916 she moved to Muralto on Lago Maggiore. She died in 1918 in a clinic in Locarno following a bicycle accident and was buried in the cemetery of the Santa Maria in Selva church in Locarno. Emil Ludwig spoke at her funeral. 
Feminism.
Reventlow is best known as one of the most unorthodox voices of the early women's movement in Europe. While many of her peers were pressing for improved social, political, and economic rights for women, Reventlow argued that ardent feminists, whom she labelled "viragoes," were actually harming women by attempting to erase or deny the natural differences between men and women. Reventlow maintained that sexual freedom, and the abolition of the institution of marriage, were the best means by which women could hope to achieve a more equal social standing with men.

</doc>
<doc id="19267663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267663" title="Pete Ladd">
Pete Ladd

Peter Linwood Ladd (born June 17, 1956) is a former professional baseball pitcher. Ladd pitched in all or part of six seasons in Major League Baseball between and . Mainly used as a relief pitcher, Ladd started just one game out of 205 total games pitched. He played collegiately at University of Mississippi, Oxford.
Ladd was originally drafted by the Boston Red Sox in the 25th round of the 1977 Major League Baseball Draft. He was traded to the Houston Astros in June 1979 as part of a deal for Bob Watson, and made his major league debut for Houston two months later. After spending the next two seasons in the Astros' farm system, Ladd was traded to the Milwaukee Brewers for Rickey Keeton.
Ladd spent the first half of with the Vancouver Canadians. He was called up to the majors in July, and posted a 1–3 record with a 4.00 earned run average in 16 games down the stretch. Despite his lack of experience, Ladd was named the Brewers' closer for the 1982 postseason following an injury to Rollie Fingers. He appeared three times (3.1 innings pitched) without giving up a baserunner while notching 5 strikeouts and picked up a pair of saves in the Brewers' win over the California Angels in the ALCS, including pitching the series clinching ground ball to Rod Carew in Game 5. After allowing the go-ahead run to score in relief of Bob McClure in game 2 of the World Series, he did not appear again in a series that went seven games in a loss to the St. Louis Cardinals.
While serving as the closer during the , Ladd saved 25 games in 44 appearances with a 2.55 ERA. He pitched two more seasons for the Brewers before being released. His final major league season was with the Seattle Mariners in 1986. In , he pitched his last professional season for the Albuquerque Dukes in the Los Angeles Dodgers organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19267667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267667" title="Laxdale Hall">
Laxdale Hall

Laxdale Hall is a 1953 British romantic comedy film directed by John Eldridge and starring Ronald Squire, Kathleen Ryan, Raymond Huntley and Sebastian Shaw, with Prunella Scales and Fulton Mackay in early roles. Often titled "Scotch on the Rocks", it was adapted from the novel "Laxdale Hall" by Eric Linklater.
A British parliamentary delegation is dispatched to the Scottish Highlands where the residents are protesting at their poor links with the outside world. After a few days amongst them, and initial problems of interaction, the visitors begin to fully appreciate the locals' lifestyle

</doc>
<doc id="19267671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267671" title="2008 Ukrainian political crisis">
2008 Ukrainian political crisis

The 2008 Ukrainian political crisis started after President Viktor Yushchenko's Our Ukraine–People's Self-Defense Bloc (NU-NS) withdrew from the governing coalition following a vote on a bill (4 September 2008) to limit the President's powers in which the Prime Minister's Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko (BYuT) voted with the opposition Party of Regions. The bill would have required the consent of the Prime Minister for the appointment and dismissal of the Prosecutor General by the President, given the government power to appoint local heads of government if the President rejects the candidates, stripped from the President the right to reject a candidate for Prime Minister, dismiss the Defense, Interior and Foreign Ministers, and appoint a head of the State Intelligence Service. President Yushchenko stated that a clear position on the events in Georgia was one of the conditions under which return to talks in the Parliament was possible, as well as the repeal of all the constitutional laws adopted after 3 September. Yushchenko claimed that a "de-facto coalition" was formed with 'no other aims but to conduct coup d'état and usurp power in the country'. Tymoshenko stated that the real intentions behind the President's party in 'declaring war on her' was to ensure his victory in the next presidential election, although she still called for a reformation of the coalition between the two parties. She also reiterated her position on the Georgian conflict, claiming to be neutral and more in line with the EU.
Yuri Lutsenko leader of Civil Movement "People's Self-Defense" (part of the Our Ukraine–People's Self-Defense Bloc) said that the breakup of the coalition was provoked by the Secretariat of the President and that "People’s Self Defense" was categorically against it.
Foreign media reported that the political crisis was sparked by the armed conflict between Russia and Georgia that started in early August 2008 and began with a dispute between President Viktor Yushchenko and Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko over Ukraine's reaction to that conflict. The President gave his support for Georgia and strong criticism of Russia whereas other parties professed more balanced positions towards the two parties of that conflict. On 16 September, the collapse of the BYuT/NU-NS coalition was officially announced. Following the failure to re-create the coalition, the Ukrainian parliament was dissolved by president Yushchenko on 8 October 2008, giving way to the third parliamentary election in three years. 
Poland’s former President Aleksander Kwaśniewski stated dismissing Verkhovna Rada, Yushchenko "shot himself in the foot. There was a chance to create a wide democratic coalition of BYUT, NUNS and the Lytvyn bloc, and we were working on it. Pres Yushchenko 'may suffer a substantial pratfall'.”
The crisis ended when the Orange Coalition was reformed on 9 December 2008, but including Lytvyn's Bloc after Volodymyr Lytvyn was elected as parliamentary speaker the day before.
Treason accusation.
During the conflict between Russia and Georgia, Ukraine's President Viktor Yushchenko issued a decree requiring advance notice of the movements of the Russian Black Sea Fleet into and out of the Ukrainian port of Sevastopol. He also came out strongly in support of Georgia's President Mikheil Saakashvili, condemning Russia's attacks within Georgia. Tymoshenko and her bloc put forward a less critical position towards Russia and the Prime Minister herself was out of public view during much of the conflict. On 18 August 2008 Yushchenko's office accused the Prime Minister of taking a softer position as a way to win the support of Russia during the 2010 Presidential election. Andriy Kyslynskyi, the president's deputy chief of staff, said Tymoshenko's actions showed "signs of high treason and political corruption" adding that documents supporting these allegations were being handed over to prosecutors. Tymoshenko denied the accusations and rejected the accusation that she was soft in her support for Georgia, saying that she supported the "sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia" but she does not agree with the president’s tough stance on the Black Sea Ports and defends her position as being "in line with the European Union and not to drag Ukraine into conflicts".
Andriy Semchenko, an MP from the Tymoshenko bloc, called on the President and the head of the President's Secretariat Viktor Baloha to apologize to the PM before there could be constructive work in the coalition. He said it was not appropriate for the President and Baloha to spread information that Tymoshenko was a traitor.
Coalition collapses.
On 1 September 2008 Prime Minister Tymoshenko put forward draft legislation which would facilitate the procedure for impeachment, though she insisted it would not have an impact on President Yushchenko and was meant for future presidents. When the legislation came to a vote two days later, Tymoshenko's bloc voted together with the Party of Regions and Communists to pass it. They also approved legislation limiting the powers of the President while increasing the powers of the Prime Minister. In particular the parties approved legislation which would strip the President of the right to reject a candidate for Prime Minister, dismiss the Defense, Interior and Foreign Ministers and appoint a head of the State Intelligence Service. Yushchenko promised to veto the legislation.
Following the vote President Yushchenko's bloc pulled out of the governing coalition saying Tymoshenko was colluding with the opposition and the President warned he would call a snap election if a new coalition was not formed within the required time. He further accused Tymoshenko of trying to set up a "dictatorship of the prime minister" and calling the parliamentary vote "a political and constitutional coup d'état." Tymoshenko rejected the allegations and said the real reason the president "declared a war against me is to ensure his victory in the next presidential elections." In spite of this Tymoshenko has called for restoring the coalition between the two groups. She also defended her position on Georgia saying it was "in line with the European Union and it is not to drag Ukraine into conflicts." Parliament further increased the powers of the Prime Minister by passing legislation requiring the appointment and dismissal of the Prosecutor General by the President to receive the consent of the Prime Minister and giving the government power to appoint local heads of government if the President rejects the candidates. 
On 8 September, Our Ukraine MP Andry Parubij claimed Tymoshenko and Regions had already reached a deal on forming a new government and were dividing up posts for a new cabinet (a claim Tynoshenko has denied). He also said that if a coalition is formed between Tymoshenko's bloc and Regions, Our Ukraine would appeal to the Constitutional Court to assess the legality of the December 2004 changes made in the constitution which, if successful, would restore wide powers held by the office of president. During the "Freedom of Speech" program on 9 September 2008 Tymoshenko said she was "categorically against" the decrees made by Yushchenko on the Russian Black Sea Fleet saying they risked provoking a response from Russia.
On 10 September, Tymoshenko reiterated her call for the coalition to be restored, but said she would not accept any preconditions for Our Ukraine to return. She also said at the moment they were not discussing any other coalition. Tymoshenko added that a snap poll would "destroy the normal life of the country" so it was not a way out of the crisis.
The same day Yan Bernazyuk, Yushchenko's liaison to the government of Tymoshenko, said representatives of the Presidential Secretariat were not allowed to attend the government session. Bernazyuk claimed the reason was because the government was discussing four issues which had a "clear Kremlin face" concerning "permits on use of mineral products without any contests, sales, and tenders." Yushchenko urged representatives and members of the regional, city and district councils to unite against the formation of a new coalition by retaining the "democratic coalition" in the local governments as well as for all other "national forces" to unite. He said the new relationship between the Tymoshenko bloc and Regions was a "serious threat for democratic choice of Ukraine" which was in danger of reconsidering "national priorities to principles of democratic governing, including the local one."
Officials from the Party of Regions accused Yushchenko of planning to impose direct presidential rule by dissolving the parliament without calling early elections. At the same time members of the Central Election Commission sympathetic to Yushchenko would resign prolonging the time without an acting parliament. Another claim said Yushchenko had secretly instructed the oblast governors and leaders of NGOs to request the imposition of a direct presidential rule by Yushchenko and that he would launch a military coup. Yushchenko denied planning to resolve the crisis with force saying Ukraine can resolve the crisis in a "democratic way" through dialogue. 
On 16 September, the collapse of the BYuT/NU-NS coalition was officially announced. Yulia Tymoshenko unleashed one of her harshest attacks on Yushchenko yet, accusing the President of destroying the gains of the Orange Revolution, sinking hopes of rebuilding the coalition. "Since 2004, this president has managed to destroy everything: people's faith in the ideals of the revolution and faith in the president himself – only 5 percent still support him," she told reporters after a cabinet meeting. "Unfortunately, this president will leave a legacy of shattered remnants of the 'orange' promises and democratic coalitions, of his own team and even of his friends and his own political standing." Tymoshenko also blamed Yushchenko for "everything bad that will happen in relations between Ukraine and Russia" calling for Ukraine to pursue a more "balanced" policy towards Russia. Yushchenko accused Tymoshenko and the Party of Regions of trying to create a twoparty system in parliament. The two blocs joined forces in drafting and registering a new law in parliament on 17 September that would introduce a two-round election system for parliament which would likely lead to BYuT and Regions being the only parties in parliament after the next election. Viktor Yanukovich said his party did not want to initiate early elections and added "The Constitution must be changed so as to provide efficient operation of authorities."
On 18 September, Yulia Tymoshenko refused to resign as prime minister as agreed under a coalition pact saying "The coalition has not collapsed... It's the president and part of his team betraying the democratic coalition who have left it unilaterally." She also made reference to the alleged poisoning plot that almost killed President Viktor Yushchenko in 2004 by saying "The main poisoning is the poisoning with unlimited power, a serious intoxication in the presidential secretariat." Yushchenko accused Tymoshenko of not providing adequate funding for Ukraine's military and asked when she would show respect to Ukraine's soldiers.
President Yushchenko later said Tymoshenko was working with the Party of Regions, and the Communist Party on decisions aimed at destabilizing the country in order to establish a new political regime. Yuriy Yekhanurov, Ukraine's Defense Minister and member of Yushchenko's Our Ukraine bloc, said he and his political force would take all effort necessary to maintain the stability of the country.
On 19 September Yulia Tymoshenko called the information about the existence of an informal coalition between BYuT, the Party of Regions and Communist Part of Ukraine “black political propaganda.” The Premier believed that the spreading of such information was aimed at changing the arrangement of political forces leading up to the Ukrainian presidential elections in 2010. She also stated: “I think that this (the creation of a coalition of a different format) can be a last resort and forced step before the dissolving of the Verkhovna Rada, the Communists have nothing to do with this.” On 22 September Our Ukraine issued a statement which said: "People’s Union Our Ukraine call on everybody, for who the values of independence and freedom are more important than personal or group interests, to unite around President of Ukraine Victor Yushchenko, as a guarantor of the national state, and around Our Ukraine, as the only real force defending Ukrainian interests in the current Verkhovna Rada" and called on BYuT members to "put interests of nation before the interests of party leaders, to refuse being accomplices of the plot (to revise the Ukrainian Constitution and give all power to the hands of the pro-Kremlin parliamentary oligarchs), and to take part in the unification process of Ukrainian democratic forces".
On 26 September 2008, Tymoshenko suggested holding early parliamentary and presidential elections as a way out of the crisis. Tymoshenko said in parliament she would accept any conditions of Our Ukraine "in order to preserve Ukraine's strategic orientation, to preserve the parliament and not to throw the country into a new crisis." Talks were on track to reforge the orange coalition by early October 2008. But no coalition was formed on 8 October and in the evening of 8 October while visiting Italy President Yushchenko announced Ukraine's third general election in less than three years in a pre-recorded speech on Ukrainian television.
Opposition to Presidential decree.
Most politicians, besides the president's closest allies, denounced the decree, with even some Yushchenko sympathisers and allies from the Presidents own party, vowing to challenge his action in the courts.
On 10 October the People’s Self-Defense (PSD) leader Yuriy Lutsenko announced that all democratic forces should unite into a single democratic bloc on basis of BYuT at the snap poll. Although other PSD members disagreed and rather continued to collaborate with Our Ukraine.
International reactions were also negative: the European Union did hope beforehand that there will be no snap elections and Poland’s former President Aleksander Kwaśniewski, stated that by dissolving the Verkhovna Rada, Yushchenko "shot himself in the foot."
On 16 October, after resistance, the cabinet endorsed amendments to the 2008 national budget to finance the snap elections.
Proposal by (19 October) by Yulia Tymoshenko to create a "megacoalition" and by Viktor Yanukovych (23 October) to create a "anti-crisis government" in the Ukrainian Parliament and postpone the snap elections until the threat of the global financial crisis had passed lead to nothing.
On 29 October the Ukrainian parliament (Verkhovna Rada) voted against a bill to finance the early elections. On 31 October, the Verkhovna Rada refused to include a provision on funding snap parliamentary elections into a bill on immediate anti-financial crisis measures.
Juridical challenge of Presidential decree.
The Kiev District Administrative Court on 11 October 2008 suspended Yushchenko's election call, responding to a lawsuit filed by BYuT MPs. Tymoshenko refused to approve funds for the election, stating that Ukraine couldn't afford an early election and that she expected parliament to refuse the necessary funds, as well. Yushchenko appealed the suspension on the basis that he had fired the judge who gave the order beforehand. Prime Minister Tymoshenko and President Yushchenko dispatched rival security forces to the appeals and Tymoshenko's supporters planned to hold a round-the-clock vigil at the court to prevent illegal action from taking place. The Kiev Prosecutor's Office also launched an investigation of the judge who suspending the decree on the charge of "knowingly passing an unlawful ruling". On 13 October President Yuschenko liquidated the Kiev District Administrative Court altogether. On 15 October, Kiev Regional Administrative Court suspended the president decree on liquidation of the Kiev District Administrative after the Supreme Court had asked Yuschenko to cancel the decree on liquidation of the Kiev District Administrative Court. So on 15 October Yuschenko liquidated the Kiev District Administrative Court again. On 17 October The Kiev Central Administrative Court has overturned the ruling of the Kiev District Administrative Court. On 28 October The Kiev Appeal Administrative Court cancelled the suspension of Yushchenko's election decision by the Kiev District Administrative Court.
End of Crisis.
On 22 October, President Yushchenko stated that the precise date for the early election could not be set until parliament (work in parliament was blocked by protests from 21 October till 24 October) approved finances for the poll and voted for legislation to help Ukraine through the world financial crisis. So far parliament hasn't approved funding. On 12 November 2008 Yushchenko stated in an interview published in the Warsaw daily Rzeczpospolita that the election could no longer take place this year because anti-crisis actions had to be undertaken first.
Early December 2008 there were negotiations between BYuT and Party of Regions to form a coalition but after Volodymyr Lytvyn was elected Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada (parliament of Ukraine) 9 December 2008 he announced the creation of a coalition between his Lytvyn Bloc, BYuT and OU-PSD. After negotiations the three parties officially signed the coalition agreement on 16 December. It is unsure if this coalition will stop the snap election although Speaker Volodymyr Lytvyn predicts the Verkhovna Rada will work until 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19267693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267693" title="Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc.">
Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc.

Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc., , is a United States Supreme Court case articulating the standard for a trial court to grant summary judgment. Summary judgment will lie when, taking all factual inferences in the non-movant's favor, there exists no genuine issue as to a material fact such that the movant deserves judgment as a matter of law. Because appellate courts always recite "Liberty Lobby" when reviewing a trial court's grant of summary judgment, "Liberty Lobby" is the most quoted Supreme Court case.

</doc>
<doc id="19267694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267694" title="Taifa of Lisbon">
Taifa of Lisbon

The Taifa of Lisbon was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in what is now Portugal from around 1022 to 1093.
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19267702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267702" title="He Got You">
He Got You

"He Got You" is a song written by Ralph Murphy and Bobby Wood, recorded by American country music artist Ronnie Milsap. It was released in 1982 as the second single from the album "Inside".
Success and reception.
His 32nd single to be released, the song also became his 20th No.1 hit on the country charts. It was a major hit on the Adult Contemporary charts as well, peaking at No. 15. It also had minor success on the pop charts, stopping at No. 59. The song is one of Milsap's most popular recordings and still receives reasonable airplay to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="19267703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267703" title="Emmanuelle (film)">
Emmanuelle (film)

Emmanuelle is a 1974 French softcore pornography film directed by Just Jaeckin. The film's story is based on the novel "Emmanuelle". The film stars Sylvia Kristel in the title role about a woman who takes a trip to Bangkok to enhance her sexual experience. The film was former photographer Just Jaeckin debut feature film and was shot on location in Thailand and in France between 1973 and 1974.
"Emmanuelle" was received negatively by critics on its initial release and with a more mixed reception years later. On its initial release in France it was one the highest grossing French films. The film was distributed by Columbia Pictures in the United States making it the first x-rated film released by the company. The film was popular in both Europe, the United States and Asia and was followed-up in 1975 with "Emmanuelle, The Joys of a Woman". Several other films influenced by "Emmanuelle" were released including the Italian series "Black Emanuelle".
Plot.
Emmanuelle (Sylvia Kristel) flies to Bangkok to meet her husband Jean (Daniel Sarky), a diplomat, who asks her if she had any other lovers while she was in Paris; she replies that she has not. After taking a nude swim, Emmanuelle is approached by a pretty young girl named Marie-Ange (Christine Boisson), who asks to meet Emmanuelle at her house.
Marie-Ange arrives at the house and finds Emmanuelle sleeping, and takes advantage of the situation to feel her body. Emmanuelle wakes up and they go outside where Marie-Ange asks Emmanuelle if she has any photos of herself and Jean having sex, after Emmanuelle replies she does not, Marie-Ange takes a French magazine with a photo of actor Paul Newman and begins to masturbate in front of Emmanuelle. Emmanuelle confesses to Marie-Ange that while she did not cheat on her husband in Paris, she did have sex with two strangers on the flight over to Bangkok. Emmanuelle begins to masturbate as she recounts the tryst. At night, Emmanuelle tells Jean about Marie-Ange's younger girl's lack of shame, which leads to Jean encourages her to pursue the friendship.
The next day at a party, Marie-Ange introduces Emmanuelle to one of her lovers, an older man named Mario (Alain Cuny). Emmanuelle sees a French archaeologist named Bee (Marika Green) who is outside of most of the expatriate circles and strikes up a private conversation with Bee telling her to meet her at the khlongs. Emmanuelle meets with Bee at the location but Bee is uninterested in Emmanuelle. Undeterred, Emmanuelle gets on Bee's jeep as she is about to leave for the dig site. Meanwhile Jean is angry that Emmanuelle has left without informing him and suspects that her Squash partner Ariane (Jeanne Colletin) is behind it. On asking her, Ariane tells him that all she has to offer is consolation sex. Emmanuelle and Bee arrive at the dig site where Emmanuelle distracts Bee from her work. The two have sex, but afterwards Bee asks Emmanuelle to leave. Emmanuelle returns home in tears, feeling humiliated. Jean tries to comfort her and suggests she takes another lover.
The next day Emmanuelle and Ariane attempt to play squash but have an argument. Ariane is jealous that Emmanuelle ran off with Bee, as she had hoped to be Emmanuelle's first female lover, while Emmanuelle is displeased at Ariane for having sex with Jean. Their argument leads to Emmanuelle to meet with Mario, stating that at his age, making love becomes so difficult that any man capable of it must be an artist.
After consulting with Jean, Emmanuelle resigns herself to a meeting with Mario for dinner. Mario tells Emmanuelle that monogamy will soon die out and that she must learn to let lust, rather than guilt or reason, guide her when it comes to sex, which will lead her to greater levels of pleasure. To instill this lesson, Mario takes her to an opium den, where she is raped by one of the denizens while he watches. Mario then takes Emmanuelle to a boxing ring, where he talks two young men into fighting each other for the right to have sex with her. Mario tells Emmanuelle to choose one of the men as her favorite. After the match, her chosen champion prevails, and she is so aroused by his willingness to fight for her that she licks the blood from a wound on his forehead and then allows him to have sex with her.
Later, Emmanuelle is awakened by Mario, who tells her to change into a dress with a zipper down the back, allowing Mario to strip her instantly for her next sexual encounter. Emmanuelle protests that she is tired and asks Mario if he himself will ever have sex with her. Mario replies that he is waiting for the "next Emmanuelle". The film ends with Emmanuelle sitting at a mirror and applying makeup, hoping that by following Mario's instructions, she will reach the higher levels of pleasure that he has promised.
Production.
Pre-production.
Due to the success of the film of "Last Tango in Paris" which contained explicit sexual scenes and rise of interest in hardcore pornography, producers became aware of an audience that were willing to watch adult films.
Producer Yves Rousset-Rouard the rights to "Emmanuelle" in 1972. "Emmanuelle" was not the first adaptation of the novel of the same name. The first was an adaptation made in the late 1960s from producer Pierre Thron which was less explicit than the original novel. Rousset-Rouard offered the film to artist and photographer Just Jaeckin, who had never directed a feature film previously. After reading the novel, Jaeckin felt daunted by the film's subject matter and agreed with Rousset-Rouard to make what he described as "something soft and beautiful with a nice story" Casting sessions were held throughout Europe to find the right actress to play the leading role. Sylvia Kristel auditioned for the film in clothing with a simple tie up string that came off during the interview accidentally as Kristel continued to take interview questions as if nothing had happened. After taking some nude photographs of Kristel, Jaeckin hired her for the role of Emmanuelle.
Production.
"Emmanuelle" was shot between December 10, 1973 and February 6, 1974. The film was shot on location in Thailand while interior shots were done in Paris, France. Kristel found it very difficult to film the scene involving Emmanuelle being raped by two men in an opium den in Bangkok. Kristel stated that the she "couldn't see how a rape would be pleasurable. These two Thai people were not actors. I really had to fight for my life there." The scene was filmed in one take using several cameras. Jaeckin has denied directing the scene that involves a young woman in a Thai bar who smokes a cigarette out of her vagina. Just Jaeckin states he first saw that scene when viewing the film in a theater.
Post-production.
The soundtrack to "Emmanuelle" was composed by Pierre Bachelet. The online music database Allmusic described the soundtrack to "Emmanuelle" as "both more sophisticated and more banal than your average stroke-film soundtrack" as well as stating that "the composers strive for a complexity and intimacy largely absent from the genre". The review compared pieces of the music anticipating the music of British musician Brian Eno's ambient music. The soundtrack employs synthesizers and acoustic guitar.
Release.
"Emmanuelle" was released in France on June 26, 1974. The film sold 8.89 million tickets in France.
In the United Kingdom, "Emmanuelle" was the first adult film to play in regular British theaters after receiving extensive BBFC cuts to most of the sex scenes. For its initial video release in 1990 the scene in the bar where a woman smokes a cigarette from her vagina and the scene where the character Mario encourages the rape of Emmanuelle were cut. These edits were eventually waived for the 2007 Optimum DVD release.
"Emmanuelle" was distributed in the United States by Columbia Pictures and was their first X rated film. Columbia agreed to distribute the film after learning that the audience seen in line for "Emmanuelle" was mostly women. The advertising for the film took a highbrow approach to marketing the film opposed to focusing on its exploitative nature. Columbia's president David Begelman and former Young & Rubicam president Steve Frankfurt developed the tagline for the film "X was never like this." This tagline was developed to give the audience an ambiguous reaction suggesting that the film was either more graphic than other X-rated films or more sophisticated and artistic. Jay Cocks described its promotion in "Time", stating "No exclusive linage in the sex sheets, no adhesive stickers for the walls of public toilets. "Emmanuelle" is being hyped as a classier breed of porn." The film earned enough money for Columbia to help them recoup from their losses after the box office failure of "Lost Horizon" in 1973.
Reception.
The film received generally negative reviews from American critics on its initial release. "Variety" described the Jaeckin's direction as "a bit pompous" and that outside Alain Cuny that the "acting is a bit-self-conscious". Roger Ebert was one of the few American critics who gave the film a positive review. Ebert stated that "in terms of its genre (soft-core skin flick) it's very well done: lushly photographed on location in Thailand, filled with attractive and intriguing people, and scored with brittle, teasing music. Now that hard-core porno has become passe, it's a relief to see a movie that drops the gynecology and returns to a certain amount of sexy sophistication."
Later reviews had mixed opinions. PopMatters gave the film a seven out of ten rating, describing it as holding "up as not just an erotic classic, but a cinematic classic, period." The AV Club gave the film a C rating, stating that "it remains easy to get seduced by the film's slightly druggy, brainless sexiness" but that the film's subtext has not aged well, noting that the "film makes a lot of noise about sexual freedom, the climactic scene, in which the locals gang-rape Kristel while Cuny's silver-haired lech looks on, the question arises of just whose fantasy this is, and who's supposed to be freed by it." "TV Guide" gave the film two and a half stars out of four, finding that the film took itself too seriously but that it was still a "relatively well-made picture". "Empire" gave the film three stars out of five, noting that "Sylvia Kristel gives the essential take on the character, adding a sweetness and innocence, actually giving the traces of a performance" between the sex scenes. "Total Film" awarded the film three stars out of five, finding its " theme of sensual discovery chimed with the feisty zeitgeist" and "The rest of the film is daft, camp, over-oiled and dubbed to death, and yet... it's still a thrill."
Feminist reception.
In France, feminist viewers complained that the character of Emmanuelle was "an object of male fantasies". In a review from 1974, "Variety" opined that "Emmanuelle" was "more a come-on for the civil service than for femme lib."
Film historian Danny Shipka wrote that "In Asia many women saw it as a liberating piece focusing on the power and strength of Emmanuelle and not her exploitation." Sylvia Kristel stated that "Japanese feminists were rather delighted with the film because they thought Emmanuelle was dominant, just because of this one scene where she climbs on top of her husband. That was the moment when all the Japanese women stood up and applauded."
Legacy.
"Emmanuelle" was followed-up with a sequel titled "Emmanuelle, The Joys of a Woman" in 1975. Not wanted to be the director for the series, Just Jaeckin suggested his friend the fashion photographer Francis Giacobetti direct the film. Sylvia Kristel reprised her role of Emmanuelle in the second film and the 1977 film "Goodbye Emmanuelle".
Italian film producers wanted to capitalize on the international popularity of "Emmanuelle" by making a similar product that could be made cheaply. To work around copyright rules, these producers altered their spelling of "Emmanuelle" to create their series "Black Emanuelle" starring Laura Gemser. In Japan the film popularized the phrase, ""emanieru suru"" which directly translates to "to do Emmanuelle". The phrases meaning "to have a casual and extravagant love affair".

</doc>
<doc id="19267704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267704" title="Nedumaran">
Nedumaran

Pazha. Nedumaran () is an outspoken Tamil politician from the state of Tamil Nadu, South India. He is an ex-national Congressman, a writer and Tamil nationalist, who has authored many books in Tamil, as well as in English. Pazha Nedumaran was born in Madurai and was a close associate of K. Kamaraj, and had met Indira Gandhi a couple of times in the company of K. Kamaraj. He was reportedly disillusioned with the Congress after Kamaraj's demise. He is the editor-in-chief of the by-weekly Tamil magazine "Then Seidi" (). He is the leader of the Tamil Nationalist Movement and the இலங்கைத் தமிழர் பாதுகாப்பு இயக்க ஒருங்கிணைப்பாளர். 
He is noted for his long term vocal support for the LTTE, a liberation movement for Sri Lankan Tamils
Personal Note.
Date of Birth : 10 March 1933
Parents :
Thiru. Ki. Palaniappanar - Piramu Ammaiyar
Father was the Secretary of Madurai Tamil Sangam and also the Founder of Madurai Thiruvalluvar Sangam. He also organised Muthamizh Conference at Madurai in 1942, Thamizh Thirunaal at Madurai in 1948 and the Golden Jubilee Conference of the Madurai Tamil Sangam in 1956. He was a well-known patron of a number of Tamil Scholars all over Tamil Nadu.
Teachers.
Renowned Tamil Scholars like, Dr. A Chithambaranathan, Dr. T. P. Meenakshi Sundaranar, Dr. Rasamanickanar, Thiru. Avvai Duraisamy, Thiru. A. K. Parandamanar

</doc>
<doc id="19267767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267767" title="Taifa of Málaga">
Taifa of Málaga

The Taifa of Málaga was a Muslim taifa kingdom in what is now southern Spain, which existed for four distinct time-periods: from 1026 to 1057, from 1073 to 1090, from 1145 to 1153 and from 1229 to 1239 when it was finally conquered by Granada.
History.
First taifa.
The taifa was created in 1026 when Yahya I al-Mu'tali, a Arab berberised of the Hammudid dynasty who had been invited to assume the title of caliph of Córdoba, returned to his secure stronghold of Málaga and subsequently was banished definitively by the Córdobans. After his expulsion he united under his rule the coras of Málaga and Algeciras, initially with the support of the Zirids of Granada, and thereupon declared the independent Taifa of Málaga. He regained the title of caliph, which thenceforth was exclusive to the Málagan rulers. His rule, which lasted until his death in 1035, was characterized by struggle with the Abbasid kings of Seville. Yahya conquered the taifa of Carmona, of strategic importance in the area; it was, however, soon recaptured by the Sevillans.
At his death in 1035, the kingdom was divided into two independent entities: the taifa of Málaga proper, under his brother Idris I al-Muta'ayyad, and the taifa of Algeciras, under his nephew Muhammad ben al-Qasim. Struggle against Seville continued, reaching its climax in the Malagan victory in the 1039 Battle of Écija, thanks also to the support of the taifas of Almería, Granada and Carmona. Idris I was succeeded in Málaga by Yahya II al-Qa'im, who lasted only one year, being ousted in 1040 by his uncle Hasan al-Mustansir, in turn overthrown in 1042 by the slave Naya al-Siqlabi.
In the same year Naya was assassinated, and the Hammudids regained the throne with Idris II al-Ali, brother of Hassan, who reigned until being deposed in 1047 by his cousin Muhammad I al-Mahdi. In 1053 or 1053 the latter was replaced by his cousin Idris III al Sami, who was also assassinated after just one year, after which Idris II held the throne until his death in 1054 or 1055. His son and successor Muhammad II al-Musta'li was deposed by his brother, Yahya III al-Mahdi, under which the taifa was conquered (1057) by Badis ben Habús, Zirid ruler of Granada.
After Badis' death in 1073 and the division of the Granadan taifa between his successors, Málaga went to Tamim ben Buluggin ben Badis while Abd Allah ben Buluggin ben Badis gained the taifa of Granada. In 1090 the taifa was conquered by the Almooravid Islamic dynasty from Morocco.
Second taifa.
During the so-called second taifa age, Málaga was self-ruled for eight years starting from 1145, under the Banu Hassun Abu'l-Hakam al-Husayn, who exploited a popular revolt against the Almoravids. His unpopular policies, however, as well as his alliance with the Christians, caused his fall by the hands of the Almohads and his suicide in 1153.
Third taifa.
In 1229, in the course of the third taifa period, Málaga became shortly independent in 1229 under Ibn Zannun, from the Banu Zanum dynasty. His fall in 1238 marked the end of the taifa of Málaga, which was incorporated into the emirate of Granada.

</doc>
<doc id="19267770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267770" title="Fatorda">
Fatorda

Fatorda is a suburb of the city of Margao in Salcete, Goa.
Famous places.
Fatorda had a technical institute run by Salesian priests. It hosted the relic of St. John Bosco during its world tour, on the 21 and 22 August 2011.
Fatorda Stadium is a multi-purpose, but mainly used for football stadium situated there. Built in the late 1980s, this is Goa's main stadium, having a seating capacity of 27,300 people. It has hosted a number of international football matches and a lesser number of One Day International cricket matches. It is widely used for the Indian national football league games.
The main bus stand serving South Goa also lies in Fatorda, after being shifted out of Margão to ensure lack of traffic congestion in the heart of Margão.
There is a church in Fatorda known as the Our Lady of Rosary Church and also a chapel. A school known as the Rosary School is also located nearby. One can also find a temple known as the Shree Damodar Ling Devasthan located near the stadium.
Fatorda also has a few bars and multi cuisine restaurants that serve some tasty dishes and drinks. A number of real estate companies also exist here and for accommodation one can find quite a number of villas and apartments. The proposed new District Collectorate office is also to be established soon in Fatorda.
Fatorda has a large number of people belonging to the aboriginal 'Gowdo' community. Mr. Luis Alex Cardozo was the leader of the masses and represented the constituency in Goa state Assembly for a long time. The current MLA Mr. Vijai Sardesai is a Hindu and represents in the state assembly as an independent candidate. He defated Damodar (Damu) Naik, who had served for the last two terms from constituency as a MLA of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).

</doc>
<doc id="19267787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267787" title="Australia Week">
Australia Week

Since 2004, Australia Week has brought Australian food and wine, travel, film, arts, culture, fashion and business to a US audience. With over 15,000 participants in 2008, it was the largest annual foreign country promotion in the United States. The event is produced by the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, Qantas Airways, Tourism Australia and Austrade. The ten-day promotion is held annually during the month of January in Los Angeles and New York. The objective of Australia Week is to demonstrate Australia as an innovative, high growth, sophisticated economy, with leading edge research and technology in products, goods and services. The program highlights Australia’s economic credentials as a desirable place in which to do business and invest, source goods and services.
G'Day USA: Australia Week presents Australia as a modern, sophisticated society, while setting an accurate perception of Australia in the United States.
History.
Pioneered in 2004 as G’Day LA, by the Australian Consul General in Los Angeles, the Hon. John Olsen AO, G'DAY USA: Australia Week has quickly expanded to become a bi-coastal celebration with top Australian celebrities, filmmakers, chefs and politicians taking part. Australia Week is now arguably the largest single foreign country promotion held annually in the United States, showcasing all things Australian.
In 2006, Olsen was reassigned to the post of Consul General in New York. It was then Olsen re-branded the event from G'DAY LA to a larger umbrella of G'DAY USA.
Since its inception, G’DAY USA: Australia Week has raised the profile of Australia, its policy perspectives and the capabilities of its key industries in the US market, particularly entertainment and culture, tourism and sport, food and beverages, energy, manufacturing and education. It has been an important instrument for promoting Australia as a destination for productive investment from the United States. In addition, the event set a benchmark for the international promotion of Australia and Australian interests.
To appeal to the New York audience of high-powered investors and research and development (R&D) executives, the Australia Week Steering Committee added Innovation and Financial Services days to the program in 2007. 
</ref>
Trade.
The Australia Week promotion has resulted in excess of $22.5 million in trade and investment across sectors as diverse as art, food, wine, fashion, tourism and business services.
Fashion has become a key component in the program, allowing Australian designers to gain a foothold in the highly complex US market. Since the Australia Week Fashion Showroom was instituted in 2007, several designers have recorded significant export sales to high end fashion department/specialty stores.
Food and Beverage: Australia Week has vastly improved access of Australian products to the U.S. market. During the first week of the supermarket promotion in New York, high demand forced Citarella stores to re-order several Australian products.
The 2008 Bristol Farms promotion saw Australian product lines expand from 32 item in 2007 to 46 items. Citarella’s second Australia Week promotion in 2008 featured 53 Australian product lines, an increase of 20 products from the previous year.
The 2008 Winter Fancy Food Show attracted over 16,000 buyers from food, wine, gift & department stores, supermarkets & restaurants from around the world, with 32,000 visitors and attendees. With trade outcomes from 2008 still being collected, exhibitors predict even bigger results than 2007’s 31 export deals, totaling more than $3.7 million.
Innovation.
The Innovation Day has provided Australian companies visibility, new deals and partnerships with members of the American venture capital and R&D industries. Tasmanian company Autech Software & Design, producers of colour visualisation software, won the inaugural Innovation Shootout in 2007; being selected as Australia’s most innovative company by a panel of judges including the Wall Street Journal and CEO’s of some of America’s leading venture capital firms. The company received widespread media coverage both in Australia and overseas, including articles in the New York Post and Wall Street Journal, and the company CEO being interviewed on Chinese television. Fermiscan, the winner of the 2008 Innovation competition, also received extensive media coverage including Fox Business Network, "BusinessWeek Magazine", ABC News NY and CW 11 New York.
The Innovation Day and Financial Services events focus on brokering business connections within the finance and R&D communities, exposing US executives to Australian innovators and financial services leaders. The marquee session of the Innovation Day includes the 'Innovation Shootout' whereby six Australian states compete to have their product/innovation funded and launched in the US marketplace.
Tourism.
Qantas bookings rose during Australia Week 2008 to record-breaking levels. As a result of the promotion, in April 2008, Qantas Airways increased its capacity to offer 47 flights between US and Australia – nearly doubling capacity over the last five years since the promotion began.
Australia-Week.com and Australia.com received almost 150,000 visits, with visitors spending 17,500 hours learning about Australia.
Media coverage.
Australia Week 2008 media coverage generated 445 million global audience impressions—an equivalent advertising buy of approximately $7.5 million.
The Black Tie Galas in Los Angeles and New York serve as the publicity anchors of G’DAY USA: Australia Week. The dinners honor high profile individuals for significant contributions in their industries and for excellence in promoting Australia in the United States. Previous honorees include: Cate Blanchett, Anthony LaPaglia, Mel Gibson, Nicole Kidman, Keith Urban, Olivia Newton-John, Naomi Watts, Russell Crowe, INXS, Kylie Minogue, Phillip Noyce and Colette Dinnigan.
In 2011, The Black Tie Gala signature event honoured Legendary Australian Singer Barry Gibb, Tennis Champion Roy Emerson and acclaimed Actress Abbie Cornish. Olivia Newton-John presented to Barry Gibb, Andre Agassi presented to Roy Emerson and Director Zach Snyder presented to Abbie Cornish. The evening featured Australian food prepared by celebrity chefs Curtis Stone and Wolfgang Puck. Entertainment included performances by Guy Sebastian, The Qantas Choir and a fashion show presented by Myer.
US Media.
"BusinessWeek", "People", "The New York Times", "New York Daily News", "New York Post", "Newsday", "LA Times", AP, "Discover", "Metro", "AM New York", "Bizbash", "US Weekly", "Ok Weekly", "The Hollywood Reporter" and "Time Out NY", "Access Hollywood", "Entertainment Tonight", "The Insider", "Extra", "CBS Early Show", "Today Show", "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", "Fox & Friends", "Martha Stewart", "Inside Edition", ABC News NY, E! News, CW 11, KCBS 2 News (LA), "Good Day LA", "Good Day NY", Fox Affiliates.
Australian Media.
Sky News, Today Show, Network Ten News, Seven Network News, Nine Network News, Australian Broadcasting Corporation TV News and Radio, Austereo Network, Radio 2GB and Fairfax Radio Network (including 2UE, 6PR, 3AW), Australian Associated Press, The Australian, The Age, The Sydney Morning Herald, Who, Woman’s Day, News Limited Newspapers (including Sun Herald, The Courier-Mail, Adelaide Advertiser, The Daily Telegraph), Queensland Business Review, Ragtrader and Encore Magazine and MX.
In addition to the media coverage, a partnership with BusinessWeek delivered a special supplement about Australia. More than 4.8 million readers received the supplement, including over 620,000 C-level executives.

</doc>
<doc id="19267808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267808" title="List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1984">
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1984

This is a list of singles that reached number one on the "Cash Box" Top 100 Singles chart in 1984, present in chronological order.

</doc>
<doc id="19267813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267813" title="Taifa of Menorca">
Taifa of Menorca

The Taifa of Menorca was a medieval taifa kingdom, which existed from 1228 until 1287, when the Kingdom of Aragon conquered it.

</doc>
<doc id="19267817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267817" title="Robin Davis">
Robin Davis

Robin Jean Davis (born April 6, 1956) is an American jurist serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia.
Early life.
Davis was born in Boone County, West Virginia. She received a bachelor’s degree from West Virginia Wesleyan College in 1978, and master’s and law degrees from West Virginia University in 1982.
Career.
From 1982 until 1996, Davis practiced law in West Virginia, concentrating on employee benefits and domestic relations. In 1996, Davis was appointed by Governor Gaston Caperton to replace Justice Franklin Cleckley. In 1996, she was elected to fill the unexpired term and was re-elected to a full twelve-year term in 2000. Davis served one year terms as Chief Justice in 1998, 2002, 2006, 2007 and 2010, is currently serving her sixth one year term as Chief Justice and is the senior justice on the court.
Media attention.
Davis is featured in Laurence Leamer's 2013 nonfiction book, "The Price of Justice: A True Story of Greed and Corruption in Coal Country."
Private life.
David is married to Scott Segal. They have one son, Oliver.

</doc>
<doc id="19267826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267826" title="Larry Starcher">
Larry Starcher

Larry V. Starcher (born September 25, 1942) is a retired Justice of the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia. In November 1996, he was elected as a Democrat in a partisan election to the Supreme Court of Appeals. He served as Chief Justice in 1999 and 2003.
Education.
A native of Roane County, West Virginia, Justice Starcher earned his A.B. in 1964 from West Virginia University and his J.D. in 1967 from the West Virginia University College of Law.
Legal career.
Prior to being elected Circuit Judge of Monongalia County in 1976, he served as an Assistant to the Vice-President for Off-Campus Education at WVU, as Director of the North Central West Virginia Legal Aid Society, and as a private lawyer. He served as circuit judge for 20 years (1977-1996), including 18 as chief judge. While sitting as a circuit judge, Justice Starcher served as a special judge in 23 of West Virginia’s 55 counties. He presided over the trial of 20,000 asbestos injury cases and a six-month state buildings asbestos trial. 
In November 1996, he was elected to the Supreme Court of Appeals as a Democrat in a partisan election. He served as Chief Justice in 1999, and 2003. He promoted action in several areas of judicial administration, specifically: Court Facilities Committee; Public Trust and Confidence in the Judiciary; Mental Hygiene Commission; Court Technology Summit; Self-Represented Litigants Task Force; State Law Library improvements; and reactivated the Gender Fairness Task Force.
He had been highly critical of the actions of the executive of a coal company who had business before the court, which led to him recuse himself in at least some decisions involving that company. He criticized a fellow Justice who won election with large contributions from the coal company executive and then cast deciding votes in favor of the company. The situation led to a U. S. Supreme Court case, Caperton v. A.T. Massey Coal Co., about when judges should recuse themselves.
Awards and associations.
He was President of the West Virginia Judicial Association in 1992-93. As a trial judge, he was active in the area of juvenile justice, including establishing alternative learning centers for youths at risk and a youth shelter. He also pioneered the use of work-release and community service as punishment for nonviolent offenders. He has been a regular instructor at judicial conferences, and has been honored by many civic and community groups, including the NAACP, Jaycees, Trial Lawyers, and Probation Officers. In 1978, he was a Fellow of the National Endowment for the Humanities at Harvard University. Justice Starcher also has served as an Adjunct Lecturer at the West Virginia University College of Law from 1992 to the present.

</doc>
