<doc id="19188834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188834" title="Strong on Oaks, Strong on the Causes of Oaks">
Strong on Oaks, Strong on the Causes of Oaks

Strong on Oaks, Strong on the Causes of Oaks is a 1998 album by the English Sinfonia conducted by Bramwell Tovey. The work, by Michael Nyman, is paired with "The Protecting Veil" by John Tavener featuring Josephine Knight on the cello. The photography and liner notes indicate that Nyman was directly involved in the album (his 31st), the premiere recording of the work, while Tavener, whose piece, eleven years old at the time of the recording, has been recorded more than once, is represented by a headshot and stock commentary from Richard Steinetz.
Strong on Oaks, Strong on the Causes of Oaks.
"Strong on Oaks, Strong on the Causes of Oaks", written in 1997, was commissioned from Nyman by the English Sinfonia. The work he gave them is a five-movement orchestral work based on the "String Quartet No. 4", which in turn was based on the solo violin work, "Yamamoto Perpetuo". 
The title is derived from the name of the town of Stevenage, where the Sinfonia moved in 1997. The Anglo-Saxon name of the town, "Sithenaece" means "Strong on Oaks." Nyman then took a cue from Tony Blair's campaign slogan (in fact coined by Gordon Brown), "Tough on Crime, Tough on the Causes of Crime."
He dedicated the work to Simon Jeffes, founder of the Penguin Café Orchestra, and a friend and colleague. Jeffes died on December 11, 1997. Nyman was orchestrating the final page when he learned of his death, and in honor of him, styled 4-note pizzicato chords in the style of Jeffes's ukelele work.
"The Protecting Veil".
"The Protecting Veil" is a work composed by John Tavener in 1987 and premiered in 1989, based on his conversion from the Anglican Church to the Eastern Orthodox Church. It is scored for strings with a solo cello, but unlike in a concerto, the cello part is an "endless arch" in the style of music from Byzantium rather than being virtuosic.

</doc>
<doc id="19188835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188835" title="Alaa El-Din Abdul Moneim">
Alaa El-Din Abdul Moneim

Alaa El-Din Abdul Moneim (born January 3, 1951, in New Helmia, Al-Darb Al Ahmar, Cairo, Egypt) is a current "independent member" of the Egyptian Parliament and a lawyer for a number of large companies in Egypt. Alaa El-Din is known for his unique handling of different issues (mostly related to the "corruption" occurring in Egypt) that are often debated by the people, but never brought to the media.
Early life.
Alaa El-Din graduated from the Police Academy and served in the Police Department in Egypt for two years before he decided to retire and engage a position in a law firm in Kuwait. After about seven years in Kuwait, Alaa El-Din decided to return to Egypt and start his own law firm.
Parliament membership.
Having a good background in the "corruption" taking place in Egypt, Alaa El-Din decided to run for a seat in the Parliament of Egypt so that he can escalate those issues to higher authorities. After five years of preparation (2000–2005), Alaa El-Din won his seat after re-election against a National Democratic Party nominee.
Alaa El-Din has drawn attention to a number of critical cases in which he had supported with credible evidence. Most of these cases had raised a lot of controversies and brought attention to the media and the press.

</doc>
<doc id="19188847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188847" title="Electric Theatre Company">
Electric Theatre Company

Electric Theatre Company was a non-profit, regional, Equity theatre company located in Scranton, Pennsylvania. The company was founded in 1992 as The Northeastern Theatre Ensemble by Zeve Ben Dov and played in Scranton for eight years before moving to Keystone College for four years. The theatre returned to downtown Scranton in 2005 and began the 2008-2009 season under its current name. From 2005 until its demise in 2011, it performed in the old Hotel Jermyn's main ballroom, which was converted into a 99-130 seat, flexible black box theatre. Also within the facility was The Ballroom, a space used for parties, workshops, theatre lab experiments, and classes.
The Electric Theatre Company offers between five and twelve mainstage productions each year from September through May, including a monodrama series called Acting Alone. The production staff was composed four full time employees, and the artistic company was drawn from a pool of talent from the area, New York and Philadelphia, California, and abroad. The theatre was a professional, Equity house. Electric Theatre Company also ran an extensive Learning program that included The Griffin Conservatory professional level training for the actor (and director) and In Bocca al Lupo, a study abroad in Italy (more below).
ETC's educational programs included
Griffin Conservatory: professional level training for the actor, offers Intensives and Workshops January through July.
Out on a Limb: the theatre lab of Griffin Conservatory, a new experiment every third Monday of the month at 7:30 (in The Ballroom)
In Bocca al Lupo: three week program in commedia dell'arte and Italian language in Orvieto and surrounding towns; a collaboration with Lingua Si (Orvieto), Teatro Boni (Acquapendente), with ETC's commedia troupe Zuppa del Giorno, and Italian masters Angelo Crotti and Andrea Brugnera This program continues independently. 
The Portal Projects: a professional/educational collaboration with Marywood University
The Plays the Thing: special matinees, free tickets, and online study guides for middle and high school students
ZipZapZop: a program in Lackawanna's County's ArtsENGAGE! that offers theatre arts training and exploration to high school age students (and just before and just after) combining, when possible, both those from the general population with those at-risk.

</doc>
<doc id="19188848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188848" title="Sandra Major">
Sandra Major

Sandra J. Major is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 111th District and was first elected in 1995. Prior to her election to the House, she was Susquehanna County Treasurer and district assistant to former Representative Carmel Sirianni.
Career.
Major was elected to the leadership position of Republican Caucus Chairwoman for the 2007-08 legislative session.
Personal.
Major is a graduate of Mountain View High School and Keystone Junior College. She also attended the University of Scranton. She is a member of several organizations, including the Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency
In 2002, She was named to the PoliticsPA list of Best Dressed Legislators.

</doc>
<doc id="19188861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188861" title="Lance Nielsen">
Lance Nielsen

Lance Nielsen is an outspoken and controversial English screenwriter and playwright whose work focuses predominantly on topics set in social and political arenas. He frequently explores themes of grief, loss, love and friendship. He has also directed much of his own work.
Biography.
Nielsen was brought up near Kingston upon Thames in South London, though he is adopted. His birth father is Lionel Morton, former presenter of "Playschool" and "Playaway," and former member of The Four Pennies, a 1960s pop group which scored a number one hit, "Juliet," in 1964. Nielsen's birth mother is South African. He has little contact with his birth family. The parents who raised him were English and Danish, and he has a strong interest in Danish Culture. Nielsen's interest in the media began with acting in school and college theatre productions. Nielsen worked in the US and Africa teaching disadvantaged children drama and video production and creative writing. While attending Epsom School of Art and Design in Surrey he also worked almost full-time at his local cinema in Kingston upon Thames. He won an industrial tribunal against his former employers which enabled him to produce his first film. He has two nephews called Thomas and William. He also supports Arsenal and Liverpool football clubs, the latter because of his connection to Hillsborough. Nielsen is a member of the Hillsborough Justice Campaign. He is also an avid supporter of the independent music band, Rubylux, whom he first saw playing on the streets of Brighton. Nielsen is a member of the Timber Theatre Improvisational Acting Class, run by Graham Fletcher-Cooke. He also ran some of the classes back in 2005.
Early work.
Nielsen's early work began in Nottingham where he and fellow film director Shane Meadows began directing their low-budget film projects in almost the same week. Nielsen was an early supporter of Meadow's short film festival events in 1996 that were held in the city even though the two at first did not get along. Nielsen's first film, Death Comes From The Touch Of The Funnyman was loosely based upon his time spent at Esher College. Filming took place over 18 months and used all the real locations where events had actually occurred. The film was shot on a video format, making it unsuitable for broadcasting. He also directed a number of shorts and workshops while in Nottingham with Best Shot Films and assisted with casting and directing a number of other shorts.
Move back to London and Los Angeles.
Nielsen moved back to North London in September 1997 and his work began to focus on theatre. He quickly became the writer in residence at the North London Arts Venue, the Jackson's Lane Theatre, writing and directing two plays a year for the next six years under The Gutted Film and Theatre Company. These included several award winning productions which included "11 Years Down the River – The Marchioness Inquiry", "Those Who Trespass Against Us – The Victoria Climbie Inquiry", and "Sticks and Stones", which was a drama set against the conflict of Northern Ireland. The comedy short play "Making Time" went on to win a Peter Brook award and was praised by the "Evening Standard" He also shot a second feature film 30 but was not happy with the result and after limited screenings he withdrew it from release. During this time Nielsen also ghost wrote for a number of biographies and did re-writes on a number of other scripts for films and episodes of television. Nielsen spent a considerable amount of time living and working in Los Angeles. During this time he became friends with actress Sherri Howard and they developed a number of script ideas together.
Taking a break.
In an interview given to the "Irish Post", Nielsen announced he intended to take a break from heavy drama, he wrote some comedies and then he turned his hand to musicals writing and directing "The East End of Chicago", a musical comedy drama set in the 1920s. The music for the show was written by Richard Erickson. During the production Nielsen was experiencing severe headaches and vomiting. Shortly after the production Nielsen collapsed with a stroke and fit which hospitalised him for three months. It was discovered he had a large blood clot in his brain which left him with minor brain damage and some memory loss. His doctor told him to avoid stress and he did not direct again for two years.
Recent work.
Nielsen directed two plays with Tom Hardy's Shotgun Theatre Company in 2006 and early 2007 respectively and wrote "Pressure", the documentary drama about the life of Colin Stagg. This is loosely based on a script he wrote six years earlier for the theatre, which even back then advanced the proposition that Stagg was entirely innocent of the offences he was then accused of. Nielsen was also involved in another production with actors Dan Styles and Gideon Turner called "Jericho's Walls Are Falling", which he also wrote and directed. Dan Styles was also the Producer of the trailer. Although the trailer was produced, funding for the film was found and lost five times during the 2008 crash and it is now in turnaround. Jericho was wrongly called "The Band Plays again" in an interview on line Nielsen directed two plays in 2010, "12 Angry Women", with an all female, all ethnic cast, which was a success and "Fragile", co-written by Angela Thomas. Fragile was a financial and critical failure. After this Nielsen briefly left the industry, but in February 2012 was invited by his friend Chris Jones, to attend a weekend of the Guerrilla Filmmakers Network that he was running which resulted in him meeting Greek film makers Carmen Zografou, Iria Pizania, Kyriaki Fotiadou, Angela Angelidis and Ioanna Petinaraki. The six of them are currently producing "The Journey" which Nielsen was already writing for actor Jason Flemyng. He also wrote a short for the 48-hour Sci-Fi Challenge, 'By The Lake', which was produced by Adele Kirby. He wrote two other scripts in 2012, "The Last Submarine" and "Gaddafi" which is about the last ninety minutes of the life of the former Libyan Dictator. He directed a short about Londoners views on Gaddafi in August 2012. He the screenplay of 'We Are Home' which is a drama based on the events which led to the underdog Zambian football team winning the African Cup of Nations in 2012. The script includes the background of the Zambian Air Disaster of 1993. He has no plan to return to theatre until one of these features makes it to the big screen. Nielsen is also making a short documentary about the life of Danny Nicoletta who found fame himself by his association with Harvey Milk in San Francisco. Nielsen plans to tell his story through his Nicoletta's own pictures, taken during his role as a professional photographer over three centuries. He is also making a documentary about the life of Cameron Adams. He is currently shooting "The Journey" with actors Duncan Pow, Dickon Tolson, Mitchell Lewis, Marc Zammit Lindsey Coulson and Jason Flemyng. 
Dedications.
Nielsen is known for dedicating his work to friends or actors whom he admires. Many of his dedications have been for people who have inspired him, some of whom have died. He has made dedications to actors Danny Webb and Jason Flemyng. Two of his plays have been dedicated to Rebecca Holland. His play "Making Time" was dedicated to the actress Charlotte Coleman, one of stars of the movie "Four Weddings and a Funeral". He dedicated "The Marchioness Inquiry" to Michael Williams, along with his own established acting career Williams is known for being the husband of Dame Judi Dench, Nielsen met Williams earlier in his career at Shepperton Film studios and encouraged him to pursue his writing. Nielsen was also good friends with actress Angela Thomas. Thomas, who had asked Nielsen to co-write both a book and a play based on her life but she died on the 24th of July 2009 of a brain aneurism. Nielsen was one of the friends present during her time in hospital where she fought for but ultimately lost her life over a three-day period. Nielsen produced their unfinished play, "Fragile" in 2010 which he had to complete with out her. It was not a success. – The film "The Journey" is also dedicated to Thomas, and a character loosely based upon her appears briefly in the film and is played by actress Charlene Collins.

</doc>
<doc id="19188865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188865" title="Herbert Marshall (statistician)">
Herbert Marshall (statistician)

Herbert Marshall O.B.E (1888 to 1977), was a Canadian academic, statistician, and third Dominion Statistician from 1945 until his retirement in 1956.
Early years.
Herbert Marshall graduated from the University of Toronto in 1915 and worked for two years as part of that university’s economics staff. His academic was interrupted by military service during World War I.
Career at the Dominion Bureau of Statistics.
He began his 35-year career at the Dominion Bureau of Statistics in 1921 as a prices statistician. He was later responsible for directing work in the balance of international payments and Canadian-American investment flows.
In 1939, his work in the area of international trade had been recognized by the award of the Gold Medal of the Professional Institute of the Civil Service.
During World War II, Marshall worked for the Wartime Prices and Trade Board and set up the regional manpower records for the National Selective Service. For his efforts he was appointed as an Officer of the Order of the British Empire.
Marshall took on increasing responsibilities for the administration of the bureau. In 1942, he was appointed Assistant Dominion Statistician. Following the death of Sedley Cudmore in 1945, he assumed the office Dominion Statistician. As head of the Bureau of Statistics he made significant contributions in adapting and extending the Canadian statistical system to meet the new information needs following World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19188879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188879" title="David L. Reich">
David L. Reich

David L. Reich is an American academic anesthesiologist and the Horace W. Goldsmith Professor and Chair of the Department of Anesthesiology at the Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City. In January, 2013, he was named Interim President of the Mount Sinai Hospital.
Reich was among the first to demonstrate the utility of electronic medical records for large-scale retrospective investigations demonstrating the association of intraoperative hemodynamic abnormalities with adverse postoperative outcomes.
Reich has published over 30 chapters and over 90 peer-reviewed articles. He is associate editor of Kaplan’s "Cardiac Anesthesia", currently in its fifth edition, and Editor-in-Chief of "Seminars in Cardiothoracic and Vascular Anesthesia". He is editing a text on "Monitoring in Anesthesia and Perioperative Care" that is currently in press with Cambridge University Press.
Biography.
Reich graduated with highest distinction from Penn State in 1980 and from Jefferson Medical College in 1982 (Five-Year Cooperative Program in Medicine). He completed two years of general surgery residency at Harbor/UCLA Medical Center in Torrance, California, then completed an anesthesiology residency and a fellowship in cardiothoracic anesthesia at Mount Sinai Medical Center in 1987.
Reich was appointed Co-Director of Cardiothoracic Anesthesia in 1990 and was named Professor and Chair of Anesthesiology at Mount Sinai Medical Center in 2004.
His areas of research interest in anesthesiology include informatics, cardiac anesthesia, hemodynamic monitoring, deep hypothermic circulatory arrest and practice management.
Publications.
Partial list:

</doc>
<doc id="19188898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188898" title="Mbama">
Mbama

Mbama may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19188902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188902" title="David Reich">
David Reich

David Reich may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19188909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188909" title="BL 16.25 inch Mk I naval gun">
BL 16.25 inch Mk I naval gun

The Elswick BL 16.25 inch naval gun was an early British superheavy breech-loading naval gun, commonly known as the 110-ton gun or 111-ton gun.
Service.
Elswick had already supplied similar guns to Italy's Regia Marina and fitted in the "Andrea Doria" of 1885 and the Royal Navy required parity for its Mediterranean fleet. The adoption of this gun was influenced by the slow rate of production of the preferred new 13.5 inch guns : the Royal Navy had the option of delaying the completion of the new s until sufficient 13.5 inch guns were available to equip them with four guns in two twin barbettes as planned; to use 12-inch guns, or to equip them with the new 16.25 inch guns.
The decision made was to install 16.25 inch guns in HMS "Benbow" in 1887 in single barbettes fore and aft, each gun substituting for two 13.5 inch guns. For the following HMS "Victoria" and HMS "Sans Pareil" the 16.25 inch guns were mounted in pairs in a single turret placed forward. 
Weaknesses such as droop and cracking were discovered in the early design, and the many subsequent changes meant that none of the 12 guns built were identical, so the Mk I denomination was discontinued and the individual guns were referred to by their serial numbers. The great weight, low rate of fire and short life of less than 75 rounds meant that the guns were less than successful and were in fact never fired in action.
<br style="clear:left;" >
Ammunition.
<br style="clear:left;" >

</doc>
<doc id="19188916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188916" title="Scott Paulsen">
Scott Paulsen

Scott Paulsen is an American radio personality, columnist, and voice actor based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Paulsen began working for WDVE, a Pittsburgh classic rock station, in the 1980s. He became a "morning staple" in the Pittsburgh region on "The DVE Morning Show", which he co-hosted with Jim Krenn. Paulsen left the "Morning Show" and went on hiatus from WDVE for 11 months in 1999. He returned to WDVE in 2000 as a solo host "The Scott Paulsen Radio Broadcast"' in the evening time slot. Paulsen left for WRKZ in December 2006 and took over the afternoon drive time slot. In keeping with the station's talk format, his new show focused more on guests, interviews, and phone calls than music. Paulsen left WKRZ when it changed to a Top 40 format and began a sports talk show with Eddy Crow and Mike Logan on ESPN 1250.
Paulsen writes a regular column for the Washington, Pennsylvania-based Observer-Reporter. He has also published numerous books including Cow Tipping and Night Fruit Army. In the 1990s, he and Jim Krenn provided voice talents for Nickelodeon's "Action League Now!." NFL Films used an interview with Paulsen in 2006's "Steelers" program.
On Monday September 27, 2010 Scott along with Mike Logan, Stan Savran, Guy Junker, Ken Laird and Chris Mack were let go from ESPN RADIO 1250. "It was a business decision," said Tim McCarthy, senior vice president for ESPN Audio.
Source: Jerry DiPiola Pittsburgh Tribune Review.
On Thursday January 19, 2012 It was announced that Scott Paulsen was returning to "The DVE Morning Show". In his return to the station, he became an "executive contributor" on the show as well as a fill-in host for Randy Baumann. At times, he also served as a fill-in DJ for Michele Michaels and Sean McDowell. On January 31, 2014, Paulsen announced he was again leaving the show, stating that he wanted to spend more time on his farm.

</doc>
<doc id="19188923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188923" title="1997 Croatian Indoors – Singles">
1997 Croatian Indoors – Singles

Goran Ivanišević was the defending champion and won in the final 7–6(7–4), 4–6, 7–6(8–6) against Greg Rusedski.

</doc>
<doc id="19188931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188931" title="Net material product">
Net material product

Net Material Product (NMP) was the main macroeconomic indicator used for monitoring growth in national accounts of socialist countries during the Soviet era. These countries included the USSR and all the Comecon members. NMP is the conceptual equivalent of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in the United Nations System of National Accounts, although numerically the two measures are calculated differently. 
NMP is calculated for the material production sectors only, and excludes most of the service sectors, which are part of GDP. The material production sectors include manufacturing industries, agriculture and forestry, construction, wholesale and retail trade, supply of material inputs, road maintenance, freight transport (but not passenger transport), communication and information services supporting material production, and other material production activities. It is calculated by subtracting the value of all production costs (including the cost of material inputs, depreciation, and labor in production) from the value of output produced in the material production sectors. 
For comparison with GDP, it is necessary to add back to NMP the value of fixed asset depreciation (which is not subtracted in GDP calculations) and the total value of all services classified as “non-productive” in the socialist system of national accounts (which are part GDP). These “non-productive” services include health care, education, housing, public utilities, consumer services, communication in the non-productive sector, passenger transport, financial services (banking, credit, insurance), government services, the defense establishment, and social organizations. The tax components subtracted in the calculation of GDP should also be added back to obtain NMP. 
The economic term that corresponds to Net Material Product in Russian is Национальный доход (literally: national income). Unfortunately, none of the accepted meanings of national income in English matches the meaning in Russian, and Net Material Product was introduced into English usage as the best alternative. 
GDP and NMP for USSR 1980-1990.
GDP began to be calculated in the USSR in 1988, based essentially on the United Nations System of National Accounts. The table compares the new GDP estimates with the traditional NMP numbers (in billions of current rubles). GDP is seen to be 25%-30% higher than NMP due to depreciation and the "non-productive" service sectors included in GDP but not in NMP.
NMP growth for Comecon countries.
Change in NMP (in constant prices) 1980-1990 (in percent of 1980)

</doc>
<doc id="19188942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188942" title="7th Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry">
7th Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry

The 7th Kentucky Volunteer Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service.
The 7th Kentucky Infantry was organized at Camp Dick Robinson and mustered in for a three year enlistment on September 22, 1861. It was mustered in as the 3rd Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry under the command of Colonel Theophilus Toulmin Garrard. Another regiment was also mustered in as the 3rd Kentucky Infantry, so the designation was changed. Despite the change, members of the regiment continued to refer to it as the 3rd Kentucky Infantry (or "Old 3rd") well into 1863. The regiment was recruited in Clay, Knox, Laurel, Owsley (including what is now Lee County), and Whitley counties.
The regiment was attached to Thomas' Command, Army of the Ohio, to January 1862. 12th Brigade, 1st Division, Army of the Ohio, to March 1862. 24th Brigade, 7th Division, Army of the Ohio, to October 1862. 3rd Brigade, District of West Virginia, Department of the Ohio, to November, 1862. 2nd Brigade, 9th Division, Right Wing, XIII Corps (Old), Department of the Tennessee, to December 1862. 2nd Brigade, 3rd Division, Sherman's Yazoo Expedition, to January 1863. 2nd Brigade, 9th Division, XIII Corps, Army of the Tennessee, to February 1863. 1st Brigade, 9th Division, XIII Corps, to July 1863. 3rd Brigade, 1st Division, XIII Corps, Department of the Tennessee, to August 1863, and Department of the Gulf to November 1863. Plaquemine, District of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Department of the Gulf, to March 1864, 2nd Brigade, 1st Division, XIII Corps, to June 1864. 1st Brigade, 3rd Division, XIX Corps, to December 1864. District of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, to April 1865. Provisional Brigade, District of Baton Rouge, Department of the Gulf, to March 1866.
While at Cumberland Gap, supplies ran desperately low. General George W. Morgan ordered a handpicked detachment of 400 men be mounted on artillery and supply wagon horses, and move toward Lexington, Kentucky to obtain supplies. Colonel Garrard was with these men at a small skirmish at the mouth of Bear Creek. Garrard then left the detachment in the command of Major Isaac N. Cardwell. These men rode into the Battle of Richmond, and were scattered by a rear attack from Scott's Louisiana Cavalry. Some returned to their homes in eastern Kentucky, others rejoined the army at Cumberland Gap, and a small number retreated with the Union forces to Lexington and then to Louisville. Enough men remained to form one company from the 7th Kentucky, one company from the 32nd Kentucky, and one company from the 3rd Tennessee to form Garrard's Detachment at Louisville. (Garrard joined the shattered remains of General William "Bull" Nelson's army at Louisville.) Many men of the 7th Kentucky were captured and paroled at Richmond, and ordered to report to Cincinnati to await exchange.
The 7th Kentucky Infantry mustered out of service in Louisville, Kentucky on October 5, 1864. On December 24, 1864, veterans of the 7th Kentucky, 19th Kentucky Infantry, and 22nd Kentucky Infantry who reenlisted were organized with new recruits as the 7th Kentucky Veteran Volunteer Infantry in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. It spent the majority of service on garrison duty in Baton Rouge, and mustered out on March 11, 1866.
Detailed service.
Moved to Mt. Vernon, Ky., October 1861, and duty there until March 1862. Action at Camp Wild Cat, or Rockcastle Hills, October 21, 1861. Reconnaissance toward Cumberland Gap and skirmishes March 21–23, 1862. Cumberland Gap Campaign March 28-June 18. Occupation of Cumberland Gap June 18 to September 16. Evacuation of Cumberland Gap and retreat to Greenupsburg, Ohio, September 16-October 3. Expedition to Charleston, Va., October 21-November 10. Ordered to Memphis, Tenn., November 10; duty there until December 20. Sherman's Yazoo Expedition December 20, 1862 to January 2, 1863. Chickasaw Bayou December 26–28. Chickasaw Bluff December 29. Expedition to Arkansas Post, Ark., January 3–10, 1863. Assault on and capture of Fort Hindman, Arkansas Post, January 10–11. Moved to Young's Point, La., January 15–23, and duty there until March. Moved to Milliken's Bend March 8. Operations from Milliken's Bend to New Carthage March 31-April 17. James Plantation, near New Carthage, April 6 and 8. Dunbar's Plantation, Bayou Vidal, April 15. Expedition from Perkins' Plantation to Hard Times Landing April 25–29, Phelps' and Clark's Bayous April 26. Choctaw Bayou and Lake Bruin April 28. Battle of Thompson's Hill, Port Gibson, May 1. Champion Hill May 16. Big Black River Bridge May 17. Siege of Vicksburg May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22, Advance on Jackson July 5–10. Near Clinton July 8. Near Jackson July 9. Siege of Jackson July 10–17. Ordered to New Orleans, La., August 13. Duty at Carrollton, Brashear City and Berwick until October. Western Louisiana Campaign October 3-November 20. Duty at Plaquemine until March 1864. Moved to Baton Rouge, La., March 23, and duty there until October. At mouth of White River and Duvall's Bluff, Ark., October 6-November 10. At Baton Rouge until May 1, 1865; and at Clinton until March 1866
Casualties.
The 7th Kentucky lost a total of 319 men during service; 3 officers and 40 enlisted men were killed and mortally wounded, 2 officers and 274 enlisted men died from disease.

</doc>
<doc id="19188956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188956" title="Bessie Stringfield">
Bessie Stringfield

Bessie Stringfield (1911–1993), nicknamed ""The Motorcycle Queen of Miami"", was the first African-American woman to ride across the United States solo, and during World War II she served as one of the few motorcycle despatch riders for the United States military. 
Credited with breaking down barriers for both women and African American motorcyclists, Stringfield was inducted into the Motorcycle Hall of Fame.; the award bestowed by the American Motorcyclist Association for 'Superior Achievement by a Female Motorcyclist' is named in her honor.
Biography.
Stringfield was born in Kingston, Jamaica in 1911, but her parents migrated to Boston when she was still young. Her parents died when Stringfield was five and she was adopted and raised by an Irish woman.
At the age of sixteen Stringfield taught herself to ride her first motorcycle, a 1928 Indian Scout. At the age of nineteen she commenced traveling across the United States and eventually rode through the 48 lower states, Europe, Brazil and Haiti. During this time she earned money from performing motorcycle stunts in carnival shows. Due to her skin color, Stringfield was often denied accommodation while traveling, so she would sleep on her motorcycle at filling stations. Due to her sex, she was refused prizes in flat track races she entered.
During WWII Stringfield served as a civilian courier for the US Army, carrying documents between domestic army bases. During the four years she worked for the Army she crossed the United States eight times. She regularly encountered racism during this time, reportedly being deliberately knocked down by a white male in a pickup truck while traveling in the South.
In the 1950s Stringfield moved to Miami, Florida where at first she was told "nigger women are not allowed to ride motorcycles" by the local police. However, she qualified as a nurse there and founded the Iron Horse Motorcycle Club. Her skill and antics at motorcycle shows gained the attention of the local press, leading to the nickname of "The Negro Motorcycle Queen". This nickname later changed to "The Motorcycle Queen of Miami", a moniker she carried for the remainder of her life. In 1990 the AMA paid tribute to her in their inaugural "Heroes of Harley-Davidson" exhibition she having owned 27 of their motorcycles. Stringfield died in 1993 at the age of 82 from a heart condition having kept riding right up until the time of her death.
In 2000 the AMA created the "Bessie Stringfield Memorial Award" to recognize outstanding achievement by a female motorcyclist, and Stringfield was inducted into the Motorcycle Hall of Fame in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19188958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188958" title="Enough Is Too Much Already">
Enough Is Too Much Already

Enough Is Too Much Already is a short story collection for teenagers by Jan Mark, published in 1988.
The short stories are unusual, because they are written entirely in dialogue. They revolve around the exploits of Nazzer, Nina, and Maurice, three sixth form students who are re-sitting their GCSE examinations at school. Other characters include Lisa Pestall, a girl who is yearned after by Nazzer and Maurice, and Nidsworth, an aspiring sixth form eccentric. The spectre of unemployment hangs over the characters, and the book does a good job of evoking re-sit culture and sixth form culture in British schools in the 1980s.
The stories are set in Norwich, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19188971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188971" title="Wycliffe and the Guilt Edged Alibi">
Wycliffe and the Guilt Edged Alibi

Wycliffe and the Guilt Edged Alibi (1971) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley featuring his series detective, Charles Wycliffe.
Synopsis.
Social butterfly Caroline Bryce causes a scandal in her home village of Treen, when her dead body is dragged from the bottom of a local river. Baffled as to a possible motive for killing the beautiful and personable Ms. Bryce, Wycliffe mulls over several possibilities. Could it have been a lover's qaurrel? Family feud? Or perhaps even the explosion of a long held resentment for the woman? 
However, as the detective steadily untangles a spiders web of love and hate, he finds himself up against a psychotic nemesis who feels no remorse, no compassion, and would not think twice about killing again...

</doc>
<doc id="19188973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188973" title="Hochkirchliche St.-Johannes-Bruderschaft">
Hochkirchliche St.-Johannes-Bruderschaft

Hochkirchliche St. Johannes-Bruderschaft (SJB) ("High Church Brotherhood of St John") is a German High Church Lutheran religious society for men and women under the patronate of John the Apostle within the Hochkirchliche Vereinigung. It has about 100 members in Germany, Netherlands, Austria and Czech Republic. It is headed by "Apostolischer Vorsteher" +Innocenz Konrad Schrieder.
The Rule.
The aim of the confraternity is "the sacramental renewal of the Church, restorement of the Apostolic Succession in the Church and recovery of the unity of the christendom".
The Brotherhood is headed by "Apostolischer Vorsteher", who is a bishop in Apostolic Succession. He is assisted by vicar apostolic, likewise bishop in Apostolic Succession. Brotherhood elects the vicar capitular and "Apostolischer Vorsteher" with more than 66,6% majority.
The Rule contains for example following:
History.
St. Johannes-Bruderschaft's predecessor "Evangelisch-Katholische Eucharistische Gemeinschaft" (Evangelical Catholic Eucharistic Society)
was founded 1929 in Germany. It was forbidden 1937 in Nazi Germany because of its resistance to Aryan paragraphs and Internationalism, but was founded again in 1947 as "Evangelische-Ökumenische St.-Johannes-Bruderschaft".
The first "Apostolischer Vorsteher" of the confraternity was Friedrich Heiler (1929-1967). He arranged to receive the episcopal consecration from a bishop of the independent Gallican Church (Petite L'Eglise) in Syrian-orthodox tradition. On August 25, 1930, Heiler received from the hands of the Gallican Bishop Petrus Gaston Vigué, using the Roman Ritual, all the Holy Orders including the episcopate.

</doc>
<doc id="19188995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188995" title="Delaware, Lackawanna &amp; Western Railroad Station">
Delaware, Lackawanna &amp; Western Railroad Station

Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad Station, or variations, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19189008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189008" title="Yevhen Konoplyanka">
Yevhen Konoplyanka

Yevhen Olehovych Konoplyanka (; born 29 September 1989) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk in the Ukrainian Premier League and the Ukraine national team. His main position is left-sided forward, but he can also play as a right-sided forward and as a centre-forward.
A full international since 2010, Konoplyanka played for Ukraine when they co-hosted Euro 2012.
Club career.
At age seven, Konoplyanka signed up for a karate class, which he did simultaneously with football, eventually reaching black belt. He is a product of the youth system of FC Olimpik Kirovohrad, and coach Yuriy Kevlich. He also participated in the Ukrainian National Youth Competition, representing DYuSSh-2 Kirovohrad.
Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk.
Konoplyanka made it to Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk at age 16. In the winter of 2006 he was promoted to the Dnipro reserves with a starting salary of 300 dollars.
Konoplaynka's senior team debut came in an Ukrainian Premier League match on 26 August 2007 in a home game against Zakarpattia Uzhhorod which ended 0–0. Konoplyanka came on during the 83rd minute, replacing Jaba Kankava.
Konoplaynka's professional career greatly accelerated starting in 2010.
His first goal in the Ukrainian Premier League came 28 February 2010 in a home game against Zorya Luhansk which ended 2–2. In the second half of the 2009–10 season, Konoplyanka started and played the full 90 minutes in all of the remaining games.
April 2010 also saw Konoplaynka called up to Ukraine's senior national team by head coach Myron Markevych.
In March 2011, Dynamo Kyiv interim coach Oleh Luzhny expressed his desire to see Konoplyanka in his ranks and the media reported that Dynamo would make an offer to Dnipro worth 14 million euro. In response, Dnipro coach Juande Ramos placed a sensational scare price-tag ranging from 50 to 60 million euro, commenting that "in order to build a great team, great players should play there."
In January 2014, Konoplyanka nearly moved to English team Liverpool for £16 million, his buyout clause, but Dnipro president Ihor Kolomoyskyi refused to sanction the transfer.
Style of play.
Konoplyanka is described as a versatile team player, with good vision, passing, pace, dribbling, and creativity. 
Tactically, he plays a free attacking and occasionally a playmaking role. He is comfortable attacking on either wing or through the centre of the pitch. He began in a deeper role but he has found his best form as left winger in a flexible 4-2-3-1.
International career.
In the Euro 2012 tournament Konoplyanka started in all three of Ukraine's group matches and assisted Andriy Shevchenko's winning goal in the hosts' opening match against Sweden.
On September 11, 2012, Konoplyanka scored a long range goal in a 1–1 draw against England at Wembley Stadium in a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier. The BBC said of his performance: ""the tremendous Yevhen Konoplyananka delivered a masterful performance to dictate in midfield"."

</doc>
<doc id="19189026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189026" title="Tudor Hill">
Tudor Hill

Tudor Hill is a suburb of Sutton Coldfield, in the county of West Midlands, England.
The settlement lies on elevated land to the north-west of Sutton Coldfield, on the edge of Sutton Park, and is located approximately north-east the town centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19189030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189030" title="Delaware, Lackawanna &amp; Western Railroad Station (Painted Post, New York)">
Delaware, Lackawanna &amp; Western Railroad Station (Painted Post, New York)

Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad Station is a historic railway station at Painted Post in Steuben County, New York. It was constructed in 1881–1882 as a passenger and freight depot for the Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. The facility is used as the Painted Post-Erwin Museum at the Depot, operated by the Corning-Painted Post Historical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19189031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189031" title="Weston Dacus">
Weston Dacus

Robert Weston Dacus [DAY-cus] (born September 19, 1985 in Searcy, Arkansas) is an American football linebacker for the Florida Tuskers of the United Football League. He was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="19189057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189057" title="And Do They Do/Zoo Caprices">
And Do They Do/Zoo Caprices

And Do They Do/Zoo Caprices is the eighth album released by Michael Nyman and the fifth featuring the Michael Nyman Band. "And Do They Do" is a modern dance work commission by Siobhan Davies and The London Contemporary Dance Theatre, which premiered at Sadler's Wells Theatre on November 25, 1986. "Zoo Caprices" is a multi-stop violin solo for Alexander Balanescu based on the score for Peter Greenaway's film, "A Zed & Two Noughts".
The album was issued on LP in 1986 by Ter Records under license from Jay Records. It was issued on compact disc first in 1989 by Ter Records, which had released "A Zed & Two Noughts". Jay Records then reissued the album on CD June 15, 1999.
And Do They Do.
"And Do They Do" consists of four linked "Songs" (although none of them are actually sung), that were used for Siobhan Davies's dance production, which the album photos suggest was done entirely in the nude. (The back cover of the booklet shows male full frontal nudity.) The third song, although it has the jazziest qualities, is based on Robert Schumann's "Nachtlied" Opus 19, No.1, a "spin-off" from his opera, "The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat", which was written concurrently and in which Schumann's music is an important element of the story.
Zoo Caprices.
"Zoo Caprices" was written for the virtuosity of Alexander Balanescu, who premiered the work in Paris on April 8, 1986. The score is a reduction of the score for "A Zed & Two Noughts", but allows for Balanescu's ability to create multiple harmonies on a single instrument through multiple stops. The order is significantly altered from the original album, and "Vermeer's Wife" and "Prawn Watching" are combined into a single section.
Personnel.
Performed by the Michael Nyman Band

</doc>
<doc id="19189071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189071" title="Delaware, Lackawanna &amp; Western Railroad Station (Leicester, New York)">
Delaware, Lackawanna &amp; Western Railroad Station (Leicester, New York)

Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad Station is a historic railway station located at Leicester, New York in Livingston County, New York. It is a 1-story, two-by-four-bay brick building surmounted by a hipped roof with broad overhanging eaves. It was built in 1915 in the Arts and Crafts style. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19189086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189086" title="Vigilante Carlstroem">
Vigilante Carlstroem

Mikael Karlsson, or Vigilante Carlstroem as he is better known, was born in 30 October 1978 in Fagersta, Sweden. He is the guitarist of the Swedish rock band The Hives, which formed in 1993 and was one of the most important bands in the garage rock revival.
Biography.
Vigilante started playing guitar at the age of ten and was influenced by bands such as Sex Pistols, Dead Kennedys and local Swedish punk bands. Vigilante usually plays Epiphone Crestwood guitars and uses Hiwatt amplifiers as do the rest of his bandmates.
Vigilante has also been contributing to the album "Ge Fan I Våra Vatten" (Don't fucking touch our waters), which is a record made by Swedish Rockstars (that like to practice fishing in their sparetime) to raise funds for the protection of the fish in Swedish waters.

</doc>
<doc id="19189088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189088" title="Spirit in the Night">
Spirit in the Night

"Spirit in the Night" is a song written and originally recorded by New Jersey based singer/songwriter Bruce Springsteen for his debut album "Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J." (1973). It was also the second single released from the album. A cover version performed by Manfred Mann's Earth Band was released on the album "Nightingales and Bombers" and as a Top 40 single.
Original version.
The original version of "Spirit in the Night" was released on Bruce Springsteen's debut album, "Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J.". It was one of the last songs to be written and recorded for "Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J." Springsteen had recorded 10 other tracks for the album, but Clive Davis, president of the record label that was releasing the album, was concerned that the recorded tracks did not have enough commercial appeal. As a result, Springsteen quickly wrote and recorded two additional songs: "Spirit in the Night" and "Blinded by the Light". Because these songs were added so late in the recording process, several of Springsteen's band members were unavailable to record these two songs. As a result, the recording lineup for "Spirit in the Night" was limited to Vini Lopez on drums, Clarence Clemons on saxophone, and Springsteen himself playing all other instruments. Although "Spirit in the Night" was one of the last songs written for the album, it did grow out of an earlier version of the song that Springsteen had played live prior to receiving his recording contract.
Although most of the songs on "Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J." were packed with lyrics to the extent that sometimes they overwhelm the musical arrangements, "Spirit in the Night" has been described as the one song on the album on which the music and narrative fit together. Clemons' sax playing and Lopez' drumming match the freedom and ebullience described in the lyrics. The lyrics themselves describe a group of teenagers — Wild Billy, Hazy Davy, Crazy Janey, Killer Joe, G-Man and Mission Man, who is the person in the song telling the story — going to a spot called "Greasy Lake" near "Route 88" for a night of freedom, sex, and drinking. But although their escape to the freedom of Greasy Lake is short lived, the emphasis is on the friends' togetherness.
The follow-up album to "Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J.", "The Wild, the Innocent & the E Street Shuffle", features a song entitled "Wild Billy's Circus Story".
Live performance.
Although the release of the song as a single was unsuccessful in the U.S., "Spirit in the Night" has remained a live favorite in Springsteen concerts. Live versions of the song have appeared on the live CD "Live/1975–85" and on both the CD and video versions of "Hammersmith Odeon London '75". A version with Springsteen playing the song solo on piano appears on the DVD "Live in Barcelona". This version is memorable as Springsteen has to start the third verse over again after playing the wrong chords on piano. The studio version of the song was released on the compilation album "The Essential Bruce Springsteen".
With 514 live performances as of May 2013, "Spirit in the Night" is by far the most frequently played song from "Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J." The song live involves important crowd participation, with the audience singing the "all night" verse during the chorus while Springsteen interacts very closely with the front rows, sometimes even throwing himself into the pit.
Manfred Mann's Earth Band version.
Manfred Mann's Earth Band covered "Spirit in the Night" for their album "Nightingales and Bombers", with the title "Spirits in the Night" shown on the album but "Spirit in the Night" on the single. The Manfred Mann version differs from Springsteen's version mostly in its arrangement, relying heavily on keyboards and using different harmonies in the chorus. The single, featuring Mick Rogers on vocals, peaked at #97 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1976. The following year, Manfred Mann's Earth Band again released the song as a single, this time with vocals by Chris Thompson. That version reached "Billboard"'s Top 40, peaking at #40. This version was released as a bonus track on the 2004 CD release of "The Roaring Silence." "Spirit in the Night" was to be the first of three songs from the "Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J." album that Manfred Mann would cover — the others being their #1 hit "Blinded by the Light" and "For You."
Greasy Lake.
Although Greasy Lake, where the action takes place, is a mythical place, drummer Vini Lopez has stated that it is actually a composite of two locations that band members used to visit. One was Lake Carasaljo, near the intersection of U.S. Route 9 and New Jersey Route 88 in Lakewood, New Jersey. The other was a swampy lake near Garden State Parkway exit 88. 
The Greasy Lake in the song inspired a short story named "Greasy Lake" by T.C. Boyle. Like Springsteen's characters, Boyle's characters are restless and looking to party, although they have a more dangerous edge than Springsteen's.

</doc>
<doc id="19189113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189113" title="Vitaliy Kaverin">
Vitaliy Kaverin

Vitaliy Kaverin (; born 4 September 1990 in Khmelnytskyi, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker playing in the professional Ukrainian First League club FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv.
Kaverin is product of FC Podillya Khmelnytskyi youth sportive school. His first trainer was Mykola Shershun. Played in the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="19189118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189118" title="Anne no Nikki">
Anne no Nikki

, also known as The Diary of Anne Frank, is a 1995 Japanese anime film based on Anne Frank's "The Diary of a Young Girl". It is a feature film by Madhouse, was directed by Akinori Nagaoka and released August 19. 
Production.
Nagaoka's film features new character designs by Katsuyuki Kubo and features a score composed by Michael Nyman, including two songs, "If" (which incorporates "Time Lapse" from "A Zed & Two Noughts") and "Why," which have become concert works. The former also appeared in an altered form in the film, "The Libertine". The singer is contralto Hilary Summers. "Candlefire" as well as piano-only versions of "If" and Why" appear on Nyman's 2005 release, "The Piano Sings".
Release.
The Nagaoka film was released with an English language adaptation, via a DVD release in French (as "Le Journal d'Anne Frank") with English subtitles.

</doc>
<doc id="19189126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189126" title="Edenthorpe">
Edenthorpe

Edenthorpe is a village and civil parish in the east of the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster in the English county of South Yorkshire. It has a population of 4,752.
Geography.
It is bi-sected by the A18. The A630 passes the south of the village from junction 4 of the M18 and meets the A18 to the west of the village at a roundabout. The population is 4,748. There is the Kirk Sandall railway station less than a mile away on the Sheffield to Hull Line.
History.
Edenthorpe is mentioned in the Domesday Book as a Saxon manor called Stirestrop, later known as Tristrop. At the beginning of the seventeenth century, it became Streethorpe, a village on the street, a road from Doncaster to Goole.
The village's first major residents were the Swyfts, who built the now lost manor. After the family fortune passed to Mary Swyft, she married Beau Fielding, a member of Charles II's court. Fielding enjoyed the high life; he squandered his wife's money and as a result Streethorpe was sold. After Mary's death, Fielding remarried to a rich widow in the hope of continuing his lavish lifestyle. The widow was an impostor- Fielding had been tricked. On discovering this, he married a third time, to the Duchess of Cleveland, a former mistress of Charles II. Fielding was tried at the Old Bailey for Bigamy, found guilty and subsequently pardoned by the queen.
Streethrpe's new owner was a wealthy London Merchant, Daniel Baker; his grandson John Baker-Holroyd, inherited it and sold it to George Cooke-Yarborough in 1769. Between the years of 1770 and 1786 Cooke-Yarborough built the villages Georgian hall. In Victorian times the North and South wings were added and this was all that remained when fire destroyed the Central section in the 1920s. The south wing was converted into a house for Lord and Lady Moncrief, now owners of the estate, on returning to Scotland; the estate was leased to the Eden family.
The Edens made a big influence on Streethorpe, for it was because of them that it acquired its modern name. An elderly resident of the village remembered packages delivered to the hall marked "Eden's of Streethorpe"; it is believed that Edenthorpe came from the shortening of this address.
After the Second World War, the two wings came into the ownership of the Hodkins, who converted the north wing into flats. On the death of Mr Hodkin, the estate agents "Bell Watson" bought the North wing; a Primary school was established in the South wing in 1958. When the flats in the North wing required a considerable amount of money spending on them, the site was sold to the then "West Riding County Council", who demolished the building and used the land to expand the school.
The parish church is the Church of the Good Shepherd, part of a group based in Kirk Sandall which adjoins the village to the north. Village pubs are the "Eden Arms" on "Eden Field Road", the "Holly Bush" on "Church Balk", and the "Ridgewood" on "Thorne Road" (A18). The Edenthorpe Canon Popham C of E and the Edenthorpe Hall primary schools as well as the Hungerhill School are just off the A18.
References.
Edenthorpe, A growing Village, David Gilfillan 1979
Doncaster Evening Post 1974

</doc>
<doc id="19189129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189129" title="2000 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles">
2000 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles

Pete Sampras was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals to Gustavo Kuerten.
Gustavo Kuerten won in the final 6–4, 6–4, 6–4, against Andre Agassi.
Seeds.
<ol start="5">
<li> Yevgeny Kafelnikov "(Round Robin)
<li> Lleyton Hewitt "(Round Robin)
<li> Àlex Corretja "(Round Robin)
<li> Andre Agassi "(Final)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Green Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19189131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189131" title="2000 ATP Tour World Championships – Doubles">
2000 ATP Tour World Championships – Doubles

Sébastien Lareau and Alex O'Brien were the defending champions, but failed to qualify as a team that year, as they did not compete together in 2000.
Lareau failed to qualify with another partner, while O'Brien qualified with Jared Palmer, but lost in the round robin.
Donald Johnson and Piet Norval won in the final 7–6(10–8), 6–3, 6–4, against Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes.
Seeds.
<ol start="5">
<li> Donald Johnson / Piet Norval (Champions)
<li> Jaime Oncins / Daniel Orsanic "(Round Robin)
<li> Simon Aspelin / Johan Landsberg "(Semifinals)
<li> Mahesh Bhupathi / Leander Paes "(Final)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Gold Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19189144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189144" title="Dardanella">
Dardanella

"Dardanella" is a popular song published in 1919 by Fred Fisher, who wrote the lyrics for the music written by Felix Bernard and Johnny S. Black. Band conductor Ben Selvin (1898–1980) led into the 1920s with his hit instrumental version of "Dardanella". The song held the No. 1 spot on the U.S. charts for 13 weeks, and sold a seemingly incredible five million copies.
Its chorus is:

</doc>
<doc id="19189156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189156" title="Alexis-Marie de Rochon">
Alexis-Marie de Rochon

Alexis-Marie de Rochon, known as Abbé Rochon, was born in Brest, France on 21 February 1741, and died in Paris on 5 April 1817. He was a French astronomer, physicist and traveller. He worked on lens design and crystal optics, inventing the Rochon prism polariser.

</doc>
<doc id="19189167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189167" title="Andong jjimdak">
Andong jjimdak

Andong jjimdak is a variety of "jjim" (a Korean steamed or boiled dish), which originated in the city of Andong, Gyeongsangbuk-do Province and is made with chicken, various vegetables marinated in a "ganjang" (Korean soy sauce) based sauce. The name literally means "steamed chicken of Andong." 
Origin.
There are many speculations on the origin of the dish. One is that the it is a specialty food of the inner rich village of Andong during the Joseon period, prepared and eaten for special occasions. Another assumptions is that during the 1980s in the "Dak golmok" (닭골목, literally "chicken alley") of the "Andong Gu Market," restaurant owners there made a dish including ingredients that regulars demanded, which became the current "Andong jjimdak". The most plausible speculation among existing assumptions is that merchants of the "Dak golmok" at the market created the dish to keep their position against the rapid expansion of Western fried chicken shops.
Preparations.
Since "Andong jjimdak" is cooked over high heat, it has less fat and can have various tastes by adding diverse ingredients according to recipe. It is popular among students and blue-collar workers due to the abundant portions compared to the price (generally around 20,000 won). "Andong jjimdak" is also considered a nutritious dish due to the high protein content from the chicken, and various vitamins provided by the vegetables in the dish.
To make the dish, the broth is prepared first by boiling a cleaned chopped chicken, whole garlic, onions, ginger and a type of fresh green chili pepper called "Cheongyang gochu" (청양고추) altogether in a pot. The pepper is famous for its extreme spiciness and plays an important role in tasting the dish. Cellophane noodles are soaked in water. The cooked chicken is simmered with a sauce made from "ganjang", "mulyeot" (물엿, syrup-like condiment), sugar, and pepper in the broth. Slices of shiitake, and diced carrots, potatoes, and other vegetables are added in the pot and boiled over high heat for ten minutes. Whilst the carrots and potatoes are almost getting cooked, a little amount of wheat flour and spinach, sliced cucumber, scallions and the noodles are added to the pot as well. After cooking, the dish is put on a plate and sesame seeds are spread over it.

</doc>
<doc id="19189170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189170" title="Hard to Say">
Hard to Say

"Hard to Say" is the title of a popular song from 1981 written and performed by the American singer-songwriter Dan Fogelberg. The song first appeared on Fogelberg's album "The Innocent Age".
Fogelberg wrote the song while recovering from surgery. The song features backing vocals by singer Glenn Frey of the Eagles. The song became Fogelberg's third Top 10 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart when it peaked at #7 in October 1981. It also spent three weeks at #2 on the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19189179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189179" title="Contactmusic.com">
Contactmusic.com

Contactmusic.com is a Leeds, UK–based entertainment magazine/webzine. The site was launched in April 2000 by a small team and has now expanded to 12 full-time staff and many freelance contributors from across the globe. The site covers a variety of music genres and film, features news, interviews, reviews, competitions, computer games and a ticket section.
Ownership.
Contactmusic.com is 100% privately owned and current directors include Dom Harrison, C.E.O.; Antony Johnson, Commercial Director; Nik Keene, Director/editor; and Barry Smith, FCA Financial Director.
Partners.
In 2005 Contactmusic signed a UK partnership deal with Lycos Europe which lasted until 2007, when a new agreement was formed with UK TV company Channel 4.

</doc>
<doc id="19189212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189212" title="Ladbroke Hall">
Ladbroke Hall

Ladbroke Hall is an 18th-century country house, now converted into residential apartments, situated at Ladbroke, near Stratford upon Avon, Warwickshire, England. It is a Grade II listed building.
The Ladbroke estate was the home of the Palmer family having been purchased by William Palmer in 1633. The present house was built in a Georgian style in the 18th century. It was designed to an H-shaped plan, the entrance frontage being two storeyed with gabled attics, and seven bays, the three central bays recessed. 
In 1825, a later William Palmer of Ladbroke inherited the Derbyshire estate of his aunt Helen Morewood at Alfreton Hall and took the surname Palmer-Morewood. His grandson Charles Rowland Palmer-Morewood was High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1871 and of Warwickshire in 1880. The 1881 British Census discloses his residence on the estate with a retinue of thirteen servants.

</doc>
<doc id="19189219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189219" title="Out of the Ruins">
Out of the Ruins

Out of the Ruins is a choral work by Michael Nyman for an eponymous BBC documentary by Agnieszka Piotrowska in commemorating the first anniversary of the 1988 Spitak earthquake in Armenia 7 December 1988, which aired on the BBC's "40 Minutes". The texts are from Grigor Narekatsi's "Book of Lamentations". It was conducted by Khoren Meykhnanejian.
The album, Nyman's fourteenth, was the first release by Nyman on which he did not perform but did produce, was released by Silva Screen Records and all proceeds from the sale of the album were donated to Aid Armenia. The music became the basis of Nyman's "String Quartet No. 3", which in turn became the basis of the score for "Carrington". It also appeared in part in "À la folie", in unreleased music from "Practical Magic", and in "The End of the Affair" and "The Claim".

</doc>
<doc id="19189234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189234" title="Soccer Made in Germany">
Soccer Made in Germany

Soccer Made in Germany was a PBS show that ran from 1976 until 1988. The program, distributed to 256 PBS member stations by the German Educational Television Network was initially sponsored by KQED Channel 9, San Francisco. The Emmy nominated weekly series featured hour long edited highlights of games involving West German association football teams and select international and European Cup games from UEFA. The show was hosted by Toby Charles from 1976-1983. 
Notable broadcasts.
"Soccer Made in Germany" showed a women's soccer German Cup match from Frankfurt in 1981. This pioneered the sport to U.S. audiences and promoted girls/women soccer in schools and universities, a trend that has been very successful to this day. 
German Educational TV also produced a daily special program live from its New York studios, presenting highlights of the day from the 1982 FIFA World Cup from Spain. This was the first time that the FIFA World Cup was presented on Public Television in the United States. This lead up to the Final Match, which was also live-broadcast on the ABC-Network (Jim McKay served as a co-commentator), was the first live showing of a FIFA World Cup event on U.S. network TV.

</doc>
<doc id="19189236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189236" title="Konradswaldau">
Konradswaldau

Konradswaldau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19189264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189264" title="Gottfried von Droste">
Gottfried von Droste

Gottfried von Droste (1908–1992), a.k.a. Gottfried von Droste zu Vischering-Padberg, was a German physical chemist. He worked at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute of Chemistry. He independently predicted that nuclear fission would release a large amount of energy. During World War II, he participated in the German nuclear energy project, also known as the Uranium Club. In the latter years of the war, he worked at the Reich’s University of Strassburg. After the war, he worked at the Federal Physical and Technical Institute and also held a position at the Technical University of Braunschweig.
Education.
From 1926 to 1933, Droste studied at the Ruprecht-Karls-Universität Heidelberg, the Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, and the "Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität" (later, the " Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin"). He received his doctorate in 1933, from the University of Berlin. His thesis advisor was Lise Meitner, who was an adjunct professor ("nichtbeamteter ausserordentlicher Professor") at the University of Berlin and directed doctoral research in her own section at the "Kaiser-Wilhelm-Institut für Chemie" (KWIC, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Chemistry, after World War II the " Max Planck Institut für Chemie - Otto Hahn Institut"), in Berlin-Dahlem. 
Career.
From 1933, von Droste was a member of the "Sturmabteilung" (SA). From 1937, he was a member of the "Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei" (NSDAP, National Socialist Workers Party). 
From 1933 to 1942, von Droste was a scientific assistant ("Mitarbeiter") at the KWIC, where Otto Hahn was the director and Lise Meitner headed a department. While at the KWIC, Droste contributed to the German nuclear energy project, also known as the "Uranverein" (Uranium Club). 
In December 1938, the German chemists Otto Hahn and Fritz Strassmann sent a manuscript to " Naturwissenschaften" reporting they had detected the element barium after bombarding uranium with neutrons; simultaneously, they communicated these results to Lise Meitner, who had in July of that year fled to The Netherlands and then went to Sweden. Meitner, and her nephew Otto Robert Frisch, correctly interpreted these results as being nuclear fission. Frisch confirmed this experimentally on 13 January 1939. Droste and Siegfried Flügge, an assistant to Hahn, independently also predicted a large energy release from nuclear fission.
From 1942 to 1944, von Droste was at the "Reichsuniversität Straßburg" (Reich’s University of Strassburg), which had been founded in 1941, in German occupied France. 
He held his position there until 1944, when the Allied military forces liberated Strasbourg from German occupation. From 1944 to 1945, he was at Walther Bothe’s "Institut für Physik" (Institute for Physics) of the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für medizinische Forschung" (KWImF, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Medical Research; today, the Max-Planck Institut für medizinische Forschung), in Heidelberg.
After World War II, the denazification process began. When Droste faced the proceedings, he turned to Werner Heisenberg, a prominent member of the "Uranverein", for testamentary support – a document known as a "Persilschein" (whitewash certificate). Heisenberg was a particularly powerful writer of these documents, as he had never been a member of the NSDAP, he had publicly clashed with the NSDAP and the Schutzstaffel (SS), and he had been appointed by the British occupation authorities to the chair for theoretical physics and the directorship of the " Max-Planck Institut für Physik" then in Göttingen. Heisenberg wrote the document. In February 1947, Droste also requested support from Meitner; for complex reasons, she provided a document carefully vouching for his behavior without commenting on his character. Hahn too provided a "Persilschein" for von Droste, but Hahn also sent a critical letter to von Droste. 
From 1946 to 1951, von Droste was in the Physics Department of the University of Heidelberg. From 1951 until his retirement in 1973, he was employed at the "Physikalisch-Technische Bundesanstalt" (PTB, Federal Physical and Technical Institute), in Braunschweig. He also held a position at the "Technische Universität Braunschweig" from 1967 to 1972 and was "Regierungsdirektor" (Government Director) from 1951 to 1973. 
Internal reports.
The following reports were published in "Kernphysikalische Forschungsberichte" ("Research Reports in Nuclear Physics"), an internal publication of the German " Uranverein". The reports were classified Top Secret, they had very limited distribution, and the authors were not allowed to keep copies. The reports were confiscated under the Allied Operation Alsos and sent to the United States Atomic Energy Commission for evaluation. In 1971, the reports were declassified and returned to Germany. The reports are available at the Karlsruhe Nuclear Research Center and the American Institute of Physics. 

</doc>
<doc id="19189297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189297" title="Ria Taza (newspaper)">
Ria Taza (newspaper)

Ria Taza ("Р’йа т'әзә", lit. "New Path") is (was?) a newspaper published in Kurmanji Kurdish (in Cyrillic).
It was published in Yerevan, Armenia since 1930, twice a week, with a run of 4,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19189306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189306" title="Patrik Pacard">
Patrik Pacard

Patrik Pacard was the sixth ZDF-Weihnachtsserie (), and aired in 1984. The series was broadcast in Germany on ZDF, and consisted of 6 episodes. Broadcasting in Germany began on December 25, 1984. The series was also broadcast in Switzerland, and constisted of 12 episodes. Broadcasting in Switzerland began on December 4, 1984.
An English-language version of this series was shown by the BBC in the United Kingdom in 1992, and repeated in 1995, though with a revised plot to reflect the end of the Cold War. A French-language version of this series was broadcast as well.
The shows titular character and theme song are incorporated in an internet meme on YTMND in relation to an alter-ego of Star Trek's Jean-Luc Picard, who was played by Patrick Stewart.
Story.
The story is about a German boy and his family getting into an espionage story whilst on holiday in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19189313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189313" title="Polonia Przemyśl">
Polonia Przemyśl

Polonia Przemyśl is a Polish sports club, located in the southeastern city of Przemyśl. Founded in 1909, it is one of the oldest sports associations in Poland.
History.
The club, whose hues are white-red-blue, supports two departments - soccer and men’s basketball. Soccer team plays in the regional league of the Subcarpathian Voivodeship, while the basketball side plays in the second division, group three. Polonia’s basketball team was a powerhouse in Poland in the mid-1990s, when it was second in Poland (1995) and third (1996).
The idea of creating a football club came from Lviv (which was under Polish control.) The team itself was created by Z. Ritterschild and J. Theobald. The new organization was formed in the fall of 1909, and adopted the name "San" - Przemyśl was still under Austrian rule, the name "Polonia" could not therefore be accepted. The first official meeting of the team 'San' played in 1910, against the team's rival "Slavia", composed of Czech and Slovak military military members in the garrison of Przemysl. The team "San" lost "inaugural" match 2-3. The team is one of the oldest Polish football teams.
In the years 1910 -1914 the team played a total of 26 games, including the victory in 1914 against "Resovia" 2-1.
III Liga Stats 2012/2013.
Polonia Przemyśl finished the III liga during the 2012/2013 season 7 out of 16 teams. They had a total of 43points with a total of 12 wins, 7 draws and 11 losses. They managed to score 52 goals overall: 33 home and 19 away and lost a total of 41: 15 home and 26 away with an overall goal difference of 11.

</doc>
<doc id="19189316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189316" title="Erich Hartmann (photographer)">
Erich Hartmann (photographer)

Erich Hartmann (July 29, 1922 in Münich – February 4, 1999 in New York) was an American photographer.
Life in Germany.
Erich Hartmann, was born 29 July 1922 in Munich, Germany, the eldest child of parents who lived in Passau, a small city on the Danube near the Austrian border in which they were one of a five Jewish families. Erich Hartmann's family belonged to the middle class, and his father, a social-democrat who served during World War I and been imprisoned by the British, was highly respected. In 1930, only eight years old, Erich took his first photographs.
Life became increasingly difficult after the Nazi takeover in 1933, including personal, financial, business, and family restrictions and the beginning of deportations of Jews to the first so-called 'labor camp' in the nearby village of Dachau.
In 1938, two days after the assassination in Paris of German diplomat, Ernst vom Rath (November 7), skillfully orchestrated anti-Jewish violence occurred all over Germany. In the early hours of November 10, coordinated destruction broke out in cities, towns and villages throughout the Third Reich. In a single night, Kristallnacht (literally Night of Crystal) synagogues were destroyed, and Jewish businesses and homes ransacked and their windows systematically broken (hence the expression "crystal"). In August, Erich's family accepted the opportunity to immigrate to the United States, with an affidavit from distant relatives in Albany, New York.
Early Photographic Work.
The only English speaker in the family, Erich Hartmann worked in a textile mill, in Albany, New York, attending evening high school and later taking night courses at Siena College where he earned his bachelor's degree.
On December 8, 1941, the day after the attack on Pearl Harbor, the US entered the war, and Erich enlisted in the US Army. Trained in Virginia and Ohio, he had to wait until 1943 before serving in England, Belgium and France (the Normandy Landings), and with the liberating forces as a court interpreter at Nazi trials in Cologne, Germany. At the end of the war he moved to New York City where, in 1946, he married Ruth Bains; they had two children, Nicholas (born in 1952) and Celia (born in 1956). During these years, he worked as an assistant to a portrait photographer and then as a freelancer. He studied at the New School for Social Research with Charles Leirens, Berenice Abbott and Alexey Brodovitch. His portrait subjects over the years included architect Walter Gropius, writers Arthur Koestler and Rachel Carson, musicians Leonard Bernstein and Gidon Kremer, actor Marcel Marceau, and many others. Music played a great role in his life and work: ""Music captured me before photography did, he recalled. "In my parents' house there was not much music except for a hand-cranked gramophone on which I surreptitiously and repeatedly played a record of arias from "Carmen". This was before I could read!""
In the 1950s Hartmann first became known to the wider public for his poetic approach to science, industry and architecture in a series of photo essays for "Fortune" magazine, beginning with "The Deep North", "The Building of Saint Lawrence Seaway" and "Shapes of Sound". He later did similar essays on the poetics of science and technology for French, German and American "Geo" and other magazines. Throughout his life he traveled widely on assignments for the major magazines of the US, Europe and Japan and for many corporations such as IBM, Nippon Airways, Citroën, Citibank, Boeing, Ford, Schlumberger for which he mainly used color. Invited in 1952 to join Magnum Photos, the international photographers’ cooperative founded in 1947 by Robert Capa, David Seymour, George Rodger and Henri Cartier-Bresson, he served on the Board of Directors from 1967 to 1986, and as President in 1985-1986.
Photojournalism and Essays.
His first solo exhibition "Sunday with the Bridge", studies of Brooklyn Bridge, opened at the Museum of the City of New York in 1956. In 1962, his book and exhibition "Our Daily Bread" toured widely around the United States. Many more exhibits followed over the years, in the United States, Japan, and throughout Europe. He lectured at the Summer Academy in Salzburg, Austria, at the Syracuse University School of Journalism, among others, taught at workshops and seminars, and received commendations including the Photokina award (Cologne, Germany), the CRAF International Award (Italy), the Newhouse Citation in Photography (US) and numerous Art Directors Club awards.
His principal interest, in photography as in life, was the way in which people relate both to their natural surroundings and to the environments they create. "Our Daily Bread" and "The World of Work" were continuing long-term projects. He documented not only industry and technology – glass-making, boat-building, farming, food production, aviation, construction, space exploration, scientific research - but also the human cultural and geographical context: Shakespeare's England, James Joyce's Dublin or Thomas Mann's Venice. 
His personal projects reveal a fascination with the way technology can embody beauty: the abstract patterns of ink drops in water, intimate portraits of tiny precision-manufactured components or "laser light" in natural and man-made environments: ""In the 1970s he became obsessional with laser light", Ruth Hartmann remembers. "He saw there a way to make light truly "write", to "photo" ""graph". He began experimenting with diffusing laser light through different kind of glass, through prisms, lenses of all kinds, through faceted doorknobs, breaking the light into pieces to make designs, to write. He then refined his techniques so as to be able to impose a controlled image of concentrated light on landscapes, then on people. This culminated in a major show in New York and other smaller shows.""
One of his most penetrating and poignant work however, explores a vision of the emptiness that can lie within the worlds that human beings make for themselves, as exemplified in his photographs in a mannequin factory crowded with insensate yet suffering faces.
This concern with dehumanization led him undertake in his late years a very personal and intimate project that transcended memory.
"In The Camps".
Auschwitz, Bełżec, Bergen-Belsen, Birkenau, Buchenwald, Bullenhuser Damm, Chełmno, Dachau, Emsland, Belower Wald, Gross Rosen, Majdanek, Mauthausen, Natzweiler, Neuengamme, Ravensbrück, Sachsenhausen, Sobibor, Theresienstadt, Treblinka, Vught, Westerbork... Unspeakable journey to the End of the Night. For more than eight weeks, Erich and Ruth Hartmann undertook a long and rough winter journey to photograph the mute and horrifying remains of the Nazi concentration and extermination camps, and places of deportation, throughout Europe. Hartmann had only one decision to follow: black and white photographs only to capture what he sees, immediately when arriving, no matter whether days looked like nights. 
Back home, after a Titanic work: 120 rolls of film, a first selection of 300 photographs and, at the end, after another selection of only 74 negatives, Hartmann was ready for publication. The result consisted of the book and exhibition "In the Camps", published in 1995 in four languages and exhibited in more than twenty venues in the US and Europe in the years since: ""If I have learned any lesson from having been in the remains of the camps",says Hartmann, "it is that thinking or living for oneself alone has become an unaffordable luxury. Except perhaps in dreams, life no longer takes place on a solitary plane. It is now irrevocably complex, and we, whoever we are, have become intertwined one with the other, whether we like it or not. Acting on that belief may be a more effective tribute to the memory of the dead than mourning alone or vowing that it shall not happen again. And it may also be the most promising way of doing away with the concentration camps. I am not an optimist, but I believe that if we decide that we must link our lives inextricably - that "me" and "them" must be replaced by "us" - we may manage to make a life in which gas chambers will not be used again anywhere and a future in which children, including my granddaughters, will not know what they are.""
In the late 1990s Hartmann began make a definitive selection from fifty years of this personal work, and just a few months before his death he began discussions with a gallery in Austria about developing an exhibition called "Where I Was". He died unexpectedly on 4 February 1999, but his wife decided to continue the task of defining and preparing the pictures, and the show opened at Galerie Fotohof in Salzburg on 27 June 2000:""Different from most posthumous exhibits", writes Ruth Hartmann, "the beginning, the idea and impetus for this came from the photographer himself in his lifetime and has been realized by others attempting to continue the idea in accordance with his notes".
""Where I was" was not always a specific geographic spot; it was often a frame of mind, as when he found the mannequin factory and saw there a simple and seemingly innocent metaphor for the dehumanizing horrors of our time. (...) These are personal pictures of a busy working photo-journalist, traveling all the time; home briefly in between. Although much of his assigned work was in color, he was never without a camera loaded with black and white film and a small box of extra rolls, which he used to capture what intrigued and fascinated him always: life in progress, people in their environments, enigmatic, unfinished, ambitious. His devotion to photography was lifelong and intense; he saw pictures everywhere. Taking these personal pictures kept his own course steady even as he worked, with equal devotion, on widely varying assignments which often bred new passions and fascinations, as evidenced in his involvement with the intricate beauties of technology. Some of these pictures here come from such assignments. He was There, too.""
""I have earned my living as a magazine photographer and photojournalist", says Hartmann, "working in many parts of the world for major magazines and businesses, often on subjects of general interest and most often on topics having to do with high technology. Alongside and intertwined with that photographic life has been another, an exploration mainly of aspects of my middle-class (and now late middle-age) self and some of the forces that had an effect on it. I have chosen autobiography as main theme of my personal work for more than one reason. I believe that I can speak most convincingly of what I have known the longest if perhaps not the best, I have derived from seemingly everyday aspects of an outwardly quiet and undramatic life an endless and rich source of challenge, and I am tempted to believe that the results resonate beyond the specific and personal and speak for other lives as well.""
On February 4, 1999 Erich Hartmann died unexpectedly from a heart attack in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19189326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189326" title="Rs1800955">
Rs1800955

In genetics, rs1800955 (also written as C-521T and -521C/T) is a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP).
It is located in the promoter region of the "DRD4" gene.
This gene codes for the dopamine receptor D4.
Due to the dopamine hypothesis of schizophrenia the SNP has been investigated for link to schizophrenia, and it may be slightly associated with this disorder.
The SNP has been investigated with respect to novelty seeking, — a personality trait that may be measured with the Temperament and Character Inventory.
A 2008 meta-analysis indicates a possible association between novelty seeking and C-521T though rather small.

</doc>
<doc id="19189337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189337" title="Guake">
Guake

Guake is a drop-down terminal for GNOME Desktop Environment. Like similar terminals, it is invoked with a single keystroke, and hidden by pressing the same keystroke again.
Its design was inspired from consoles in computer games such as Quake which slide down from the top of the screen when a key is pressed, and slide back up when the key is pressed again.
Guake follows the same line of Yakuake and Tilda, but it is an attempt to meld the best of them into a single GTK-based application. Guake has been written from scratch.
Running Guake is faster than launching a new terminal with a keyboard shortcut because the program is already loaded into memory, and so can be useful to people who frequently find themselves opening and closing terminals for odd tasks.

</doc>
<doc id="19189340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189340" title="TD-1 RNA motif">
TD-1 RNA motif

The TD-1 RNA motif is a conserved RNA structure found only in the species "Treponema denticola", at least among bacteria whose genomes were sequenced in 2007 when the RNA motif was identified. The "T. denticola" genome contains 28 predicted TD-1 RNAs, and all but two of these are positioned such that they are likely to be in the 5' UTR of the downstream gene. This arrangement suggests that TD-1 RNAs likely correspond to cis-regulatory elements. However, due to the variety of genes apparently regulated by TD-1 RNAs, no specific hypothesis as to its function was suggested.
The TD-1 RNA's secondary structure is supported by covariation (see secondary structure prediction), but there are an unusual number of stems containing runs of adenosines that base pair with coordinate runs of uridines.
Seven TD-1 RNAs overlap predicted representatives of the TD-2 RNA motif, but it is unknown whether these two motifs can somehow be merged.

</doc>
<doc id="19189359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189359" title="Buenos Aires wines">
Buenos Aires wines

The Buenos Aires Province has become a producer of premium wines during the first decade of the 21st century. Vineyards are located at the southern part of the province, specially around Médanos. The activity was pioneered in lands previously dedicated to garlic and pastures. Wine from Médanos won a Silver Medal in the 2009 Decanter World Wine Awards, the world's largest wine contest celebrated in London.
Climate and geography.
The Médanos terroir has unique conditions ideal for quality vineyards. The soil is sandy, and given its latitude (around parallel 39º South, where the Pampa region and Patagonia converge) vineyards receive long hours of sun light, which result in grapes with high sugar contents. Windy springs help develop thicker skins that contribute to the intense color of these wines.
The new Argentine wine producing area is located far east from traditional vineyards which are grown at the west of the country, mostly near the Andes range.
Wine regions.
Médanos appellation is a geographic indication applied to wines produced in Médanos (Buenos Aires, Argentina) whose characteristics are a function and a direct result of the geographic area and the terroir in which the grapes are grown and the wines are produced and aged. 
Médanos appellation wines include:
Given its proximity to the ocean, the Médanos terroir consists of sandy soil over a limestone plate with long sun hours and a resulting high termic amplitude during the day.
Médanos is the only Argentine terroir dedicated to production of premium wines with oceanic influence.
The closeness to the ocean and the strong winds in the area develop thick skins in the grapes that contribute to complex wines with intense colors.

</doc>
<doc id="19189363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189363" title="Ksamil Islands">
Ksamil Islands

The Ksamil Islands () are four small islands located in southern Albania. The islands are remote and can only be accessed by boat. The village of Ksamil, after whom the islands are named, is located to the east of the islands. The island contains several restaurants that are accessible by boat.
The combined areas of the four Ksamili islands is only 7.1 ha and form part of the larger Butrint National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19189371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189371" title="Jack Lindwall">
Jack Lindwall

Jack Lindwall was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1930s and 40s. He is also the older brother of Australian Cricket Hall of Fame inaugural inductee and fellow rugby league player, Ray Lindwall. 
A prolific try-scoring three-quarter back, Jack Lindwall played his entire New South Wales Rugby Football League career with the St. George Dragons club, for whom he set records for both most tries and points in a match. He played in St. George's Grand Final teams of 1942 and 1946 and retired as the club's all-time top try-scorer.
Lindwall died at age 82 in June 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19189417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189417" title="Make Love Stay">
Make Love Stay

"Make Love Stay" is the title of a popular song from 1983 written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Dan Fogelberg. It was one of two new songs included on his 1982 greatest hits album, along with the song "Missing You".
Fogelberg later described "Make Love Stay" in the liner notes to a retrospective album as a "sinuous piece written around a chapter of Tom Robbins' "Still Life with Woodpecker"" and as "a musical question that, unfortunately, eludes me still." 
"Make Love Stay" peaked at No. 29 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in March 1983. It was Fogelberg's third song to top the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart, following his earlier hits "Longer" and "Leader of the Band".

</doc>
<doc id="19189421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189421" title="42 cm Gamma Mörser">
42 cm Gamma Mörser

The 42 cm "Gamma Mörser" as it was known in World War II or, originally, the 42 cm "kurze Marinekanone" L/16 (German for "short Naval gun with 16 caliber barrel") was a German siege howitzer. It was one in a series of super-heavy siege guns developed by Krupp before World War I. During the war, the gun was used to attack the Kaunas Fortress. The sole howitzer that survived World War I was used in World War II to attack the Maginot Line and the fortress of Sevastopol.
Design and history.
Well before World War I, Krupp began development of a series of super-heavy siege guns intended to crack the armored fortresses being built by Germany's neighbours. The "Gamma" was the third major design in this series, hence the name of "Gamma-Gerät (Gamma device)", and was basically an enlarged "30.5 cm Beta-Gerät". The Krupp company also had relevant prior experience building 42 cm guns; a 33 calibres long, 122 ton, brown powder coastal gun had even been exhibited in Chicago at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition. (This was a rebored 40 cm test gun that had served as prototype for the four 40 cm L/35 guns of 121 tons delivered to Italy for mounting in coastal twin turrets at La Spezia and Taranto.)
For transport, the Gamma broke down into ten loads. It was a "Bettungsgeschütz" (bedding-gun) that had to be fired from a concrete platform. This was a tactical limitation and demanded extensive planning since the concrete had to cure, which could take up to a week, before the "Gamma" could be assembled. Assembly took a couple of days before it was ready to fire, even with the aid of a rail-mounted traveling crane.
The impetus from the Prussian General Staff to equip the army with large siege gun first came from one young officer, Max Bauer, who soon after his 1905 (initially temporary) appointment to the Fortress Department of the Staff, started to lobby his superiors. He soon won over Erich Ludendorff, and he engaged in correspondence with Rausenberger of Krupp. By April 1909, a 42 cm prototype was ready for test firing at Krupps. Based on Bauer's correspondence, these tests were apparently very promising. In early 1911, the gun was delivered for more testing by artillery proving experts. These tests also impressed Ludendorff, who was now head of the Mobilization Department of the Staff, and transferred Bauer to a permanent assignment in his own department. The new gun even convinced Ludendorff to resurrect the idea of smashing through France's fortress wall in a double envelopment move. Ludendorff proposed to attack the massive fort complexes of Verdun and Toul-Nancy in addition to the assault on Belgium, which had been the doctrinaire orthodoxy of the Schlieffen Plan for about 15 years. Ludendorff calculated that his alternative required eight 42 cm Gamma Devices and 16 Beta 30.5 cm mortars. However, the War Ministry Artillery Department, especially Karl Justrow, were skeptical of the mobility of the Gamma gun, as well as of the ammunition costs of Ludendorff's double envelopment plan. The Ministry wanted a more mobile 42 cm howitzer, and placed its own orders for a 44 ton howitzer, the "M-Gerät" ("M device", but popularly known as "Dicke Berta"), which was less powerful and had shorter range, but was transportable by tractors over land, while the Gamma device required railroads. An angry compromise resulted, in which both types were built. Between 1913 and 1914, four more Gamma Devices were built, (raising the pre-war production total to five), and two M Devices were also built in this period. Five more Gamma devices were built during the war.
Like the "Beta-Gerät", it was virtually unique among German World War I–era artillery in using a Welin interrupted-screw breech. It used a cartridge case even though its breech design did not require one to provide the necessary seal to prevent the escape of combustion gases. Possibly this was done to speed up its rate of fire, or because virtually every other German artillery piece used cartridge cases rather than bagged powder. It used a loading system to move ammunition from the ground up to the breech.
An armored gunhouse for protection against shell fragments ("Splitterschutz-Panzerkasten") could be fitted, and at least the Becker battery (KMK no. 2) was photographed deployed this way during the 1914 campaign in Belgium. The surviving gun gained a much more elaborate firing platform. It is unclear what other changes the Germans made to the surviving gun. It was hidden at Krupp's proving ground at Meppen and was recommissioned during the 1930s to test concrete-piercing rounds. The Germans deployed it against the Maginot Line, and at the Siege of Sevastopol.
Ammunition.
Details are lacking on the ammunition it used during the First World War, other than it used two different shells, the original HE shell of at some per second and a lighter 1,680 pound (760 kg) shell that it shared with its successor, the 42 cm howitzer commonly called Big Bertha.
In World War II, it used a concrete-piercing shell ("42 cm Sprgr Be") weighing , propelled by up to four increments of powder, weighing in total .

</doc>
<doc id="19189444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189444" title="Dublin Virginal Manuscript">
Dublin Virginal Manuscript

The Dublin Virginal Manuscript is an important anthology of keyboard music kept in the library of Trinity College, Dublin, where it has been since the 17th century under the present shelf-list TCD Ms D.3.29.
History.
The Manuscript was probably purchased by Archbishop James Ussher, who from 1603 was sent to England on frequent voyages to buy books "to furnish the Library of the University of Dublin". The name "Dublin Virginal Manuscript" is modern, and there is no mention of any specific instrument for which the music was intended.
Description.
The manuscript, consisting of 72 pages, is contained in a small oblong volume 5.5 x 7.4 inches. At some time it was bound together with the "Dallis Lute Book" (of perhaps 1583), but the two volumes are in different hands and the collection of keyboard pieces forms a separate and independent manuscript.
The manuscript is undated and its 30 pieces are without titles apart from one, ascribed to a "Mastyre Taylere". All but four of the pieces are arrangements of popular song and dance tunes found in other, mainly continental sources, such as Tielman Susato, Adrian Le Roy and Pierre Phalèse the Elder. From these, together with stylistic evidence, the manuscript can be dated to circa 1570.
Most of the music is written in a neat hand on seven-line staves. That for the right hand is written with a "c"-clef placed on the first or second line from the bottom. Music for the left hand is written with an "f"-clef, usually placed on the fourth or fifth line from the bottom. All repetitions are copied out, even if there is no change in the music.
The Dublin Virginal Manuscript is important in the history of English keyboard music because of its date, being one of only five English secular keyboard sources that predate William Byrd's My Ladye Nevells Booke of 1591. It is also the second-oldest surviving English source (after the Mulliner Book) of early Almain tunes, of which it contains four. The Dublin Virginal Manuscript also represents an important step in the development of secular English keyboard music from around 1530 to its golden age in the late 16th century, with examples of developing counterpoint in some pieces.
Contents.
The titles following are taken from other sources with analogous tunes:

</doc>
<doc id="19189450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189450" title="ESafety">
ESafety

eSafety (= electronic safety) is a joint initiative of the European Commission and many industrial and other stakeholders having an interest in road safety. The initiative's aim is to increase road safety by deploying and developing safety systems based on modern information and communication technologies (ICT). In particular, eSafety wants to make a contribution to the European Union's policy goal, as stated in the so-called transport white paper, to halve the death toll on the Union's roads to 40.000 by 2005. e-safety is all about staying safe online and not giving out personal information to strangers.
Where did it start?
The European Commission initiated the eSafety Initiative in 2002. Its starting point was the idea that modern information and communication technologies could make an important, novel contribution to road traffic safety and to the reduction in
Newer developments.
In February 2006, the eSafety Initiative became part of the Commission's new Intelligent Car Initiative. Among other goals, this reorganization aimed to better inter-link the expertise provided by the eSafety Forum with ICT transport research conducted under the 7. Framework programme, and to foster awareness-raising activities for these new safety systems. On the basis of this new structure, a group of eSafety Forum members came together in Autumn/Winter 2006/2007 to jointly enhance their safety-related communication towards drivers, consumers and decision-makers. This developed into the communication platform eSafetyAware!, which then has been running the ChooseESC! campaign since 8 May 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19189459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189459" title="Wuala">
Wuala

Wuala is a secure online file storage, file synchronization, versioning and backup service originally developed and run by Caleido Inc., which is now part of LaCie. The service stores files in data centres that are provided by Wuala in multiple European countries (France, Germany, Switzerland). An earlier version also supported distributed storage on other users' machines, however this feature has been dropped.
History.
Most research and development occurred at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) in Zürich.
14 August 2008: an "open beta"-java-applet, available from the website, could be run from a web browser.
19 September 2008: the Wuala Webstart project was registered on SourceForge.net.
26 October 2008: an Alpha release REST API, at a very early stage of development, supported HTTP GET requests for content that was either public, or shared through a keyed hyperlink.
16 December 2008: the Uniform Resource Locator changed from http://wua.la/ to http://www.wuala.com/ and files that were public, or shared through a keyed hyperlink, were made accessible through web browsers.
19 March 2009: LaCie announced a merger with Caleido AG. Wuala described the merger as being between Wuala and LaCie (not Caleido AG and LaCie).
5 January 2010: post-merger announcement of the first joint products.
23 May 2011: all pro features - backup, sync, file versioning and time travel - are available for everyone at no cost
28 September 2011: The "trade storage" feature was discontinued.
Features.
Any registered user can:
Registered and unregistered users can:
When a user adds a file to Wuala, or saves changes to a file that is served by Wuala, the user's local copy of file is:
Storage.
Users of Wuala alone start with 5 GB of storage for free.
Users of joint products may start with greater amounts of storage for a limited period:
Additional storage may be bought, gained through referral.
For bought storage: prices range from 29 EUR/year for 20 GB to 999 EUR/year for 1 TB.
Trading.
One of the distinguishing features of Wuala, the ability to trade local disk storage space against cloud storage is no longer avaliable.
User interfaces.
Desktop application.
The user interface offers most of the features that are normally associated with a file manager. Additional features come through integration.
A registered user can install the Java-based client application (SWT-GUI):
Wuala Webstart and web browsers.
Through a web browser, on a computer that has Java installed:
If the computer is without Java, or if running of the class loader is prevented:
Non-graphical interfaces.
Support for the following may be limited:
Security.
According to Wuala's FAQ, the software uses AES-256 for encryption and RSA-2048 for key exchange and signatures. Keys are organized in a key management scheme called Cryptree.
According to the FAQ, Wuala employs full client-side encryption. All files and their metadata get encrypted before they are uploaded. The encryption key is stored such that no one, not even LaCie that operates the service, can decrypt the stored files. The disadvantage of this is that Wuala has no password recovery and all data processing needs to be done in the client (for example creating a search index). The advantage is significantly improved privacy.
Since the source code to Wuala has not been released, it is difficult to ensure that the software does what it states it does (including proper client-side encryption). Also, updates are pushed automatically to the client machine. These facts mean that users of Wuala are not safe from possible backdoors in code.

</doc>
<doc id="19189465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189465" title="Dominican Army">
Dominican Army

The Army of the Dominican Republic or "Ejército de República Dominicana", is one of the three branches of the Military of the Dominican Republic, together with the Navy and the Air Force.
The army is twice as large as the other services, consisting of approximately 20,000 active duty personnel. It includes six infantry brigades, a combat support brigade, a combat service support brigade and the air cavalry squadron.
Aircraft inventory.
The Army operates 15 helicopters.
The Dominican Army Kiowas are equipped with FLIR cameras for night operations.
Current Equipment.
Small arms.
"Note": This equipment is also used by the other branches of the Armed Forces, and the Counter-terrorism group.
Armor.
Note: the Dominican army currently has no main battle tanks in its inventory, although the paper drive is active, but its not technically tanks.

</doc>
<doc id="19189466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189466" title="Archie Frederick Collins">
Archie Frederick Collins

Archie Frederick Collins (born South Bend, Indiana January 8, 1869.
Died Nyack, New York January 3, 1952) was an early experimenter in wireless telephony and a prolific author of books and articles on a wide range of scientific and technical subjects.
Early life.
Collins was the son of Captain Thomas Jefferson Collins and Margaret Ann (Roller) Collins. He attended the public schools and the Old University of Chicago, a Baptist school which preceded the present University of Chicago. He was the brother of author Dr. T(homas) Byard Collins. He began working for the Thomson-Houston Electric Company in Chicago in 1888, and gained practical knowledge of electrical technology and electrical appliances.
Family life.
Collins married Evelyn Bandy June 28, 1897. They were parents of one son, Virgil Dewey Collins. Collins resided at a summer home called "The Antlers" in Rockland County, New York in the hamlet of Congers, and had a second residence in Florida. His winter residence was New York City.
Radio research.
Collins said he invented a wireless telephone, or radio transmitter and receiver which used voice modulated high frequency currents in 1899. He wrote in 1905 that his 1899 system was tested in Philadelphia and transmitted speech 200 feet; that in 1900 he sent speech 1 mile, across the Delaware River, and that in 1902 he transmitted speech 3 miles. He wrote in 1922 that he was "the first to connect an arc lamp with an aerial and a ground, and to use a microphone transmitter to modulate the sustained oscillations so set up. The receiving apparatus consisted of a variable contact, known as a pill-box detector, which Sir Oliver Lodge had devised, and to this was connected an Ericsson telephone receiver, then the most sensitive made." He received U.S. patent 814,942 on March 16, 1906, for his system of wireless telephony using an electric arc. He was the technical director for the Collins Wireless Telephone Company from 1904 to 1910. By 1908 Collins was broadcasting voice and music, reportedly with an arc transmitter, from 51 Clinton Street in Newark, New Jersey, with a remote receiver through which interested parties could hear the transmissions. He was able to transmit wireless telephone messages from his Newark lab to the Singer Building in New York City, 12 miles distant, on July 9, 1908. Later that year he sent voice messages from Newark to Philadelphia, a distance of 81 miles. Guglielmo Marconi examined the Collins wireless telephone at the October 1908 New York Electrical Show and said "Wireless telephony is an accomplished fact, and to Mr. Collins is due the credit of its invention... The clarity of the transmitted voice is marvelous." The apparatus used a Collins oscillation arc powered by 500 volts DC. Continuous high frequency oscillations were produced by inductance and capacitance shunted around the arc. A Bell telephone transmitter modulated the radio frequency waves. The receiver used inductance tuning coils and a Collins thermo-electric detector. In 1909, Collins told the New York Times he had operated four separate wireless telephone links at the same time between Portland, Maine and a nearby island, creating an impression that wireless telephony was on the verge of replacing wired telephone systems. He exhibited his wireless telephone in 1909 at the Alaska-Yukon-Pacific Exposition and was awarded a gold medal. The Collins Wireless Telephone Company became part of the Continental Wireless Telephone and Telegraph Company in 1909. Ordinary carbon telephone microphones could only carry small currents, under half an Ampere without overheating and failing. In the days before vacuum tubes, a carbon microphone was used to directly vary the transmitted radio signal. Collins developed multiple unit water-cooled microphones which could carry currents of 8 to 10 Amperes, to modulate the amplitude of the transmitted radio waves. While Collins continued experimenting with wireless telephony, demonstrations were done to advance the sale of stock, with extravagant and misleading claims for the technology. In December, 1911 Collins and other officials of the company were indicted for using the mails for stock fraud. The company had made extravagant claims for the ability of the wireless telephone equipment, given the primitive state of the art in range and selectivity. Nathan Stubblefield, another early wireless telephone experimenter, had resigned in protest from the company before the exposure of the stock promotion excesses and was not prosecuted. Collins served one year of a three-year sentence.
Author.
He began writing for the technical pres about wireless telegraphy and telephony and other scientific topics in 1901. He wrote articles about wireless telephony for Electrical World, Scientific American, Encyclopedia Americana, and other encyclopedias. He wrote a great many technical articles and books on wireless telegraphy and wireless telephony in the first decade of the 20th century. He wrote about 100 books on scientific and technical subjects, hobbies, and sports, and over 500 articles in technical and scientific magazines and journals, well into the 1940s. His 1913 "Manual of Wireless Telegraphy and telephony" gives a detailed and illustrated explanation of his electric arc wireless telephone transmitter and receiver, along with a general coverage of the state of the art. He wrote scientific adventure series novels such as "Jack Heaton, Wireless Operator(1919)" which told of the training and adventures of a 15 year old wireless amateur. Many of his books, such as "The Boy Scientist," (1925) had lots of illustrations and few equations, with an emphasis on "hands-on" experimentation, at a level intended for high school students. After discussing the "Einstein Theory," Collins tells his readers how to build a spectroscope, a radio, and a x-ray machine for home experimentation. Collins encouraged his readers to use their home-built x-ray machine to examine their own bone structure with a fluoroscope. His failure to warn of the dangers of experimentation with x-rays was in line with popular interest in the invisible rays and lack of understanding of the dangers. He was the original author of "The Radio Amateur's Hand Book," in 1922, a handbook for radio "hams" which was reprinted in at least 15 revised editions over the next 61 years. The late Alan MacDiarmid, who received the Nobel Prize in chemistry in 2000, said that Collins' 1924 book "The Boy Chemist" so inspired him as a boy in New Zealand that he kept renewing it from the public library for almost a full year to complete all the experiments.
Affiliations and memberships.
Collins was a Republican. He was a lecturer for the New York Board of Education. He was a member of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers. He was a member of the Royal Aero Club and a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society, both of the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19189472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189472" title="167th Support Battalion (United States)">
167th Support Battalion (United States)

The 167th Support Battalion is a support battalion of the United States Army Reserve based at Londonderry, New Hampshire, assigned to the 94th Regional Readiness Command.
Activated in 1971 as the 167th Support Group (Corps), it was reorganised as a battalion in 2006. The 167th is a logistical support battalion capable of a variety of actions, capable of independent operations and taking on subordinate units to fulfill a larger scale sustainment operation for the United States Army.
Organization.
Due to the battalion's modular design, it is also capable of gaining additional subordinate units upon deployment to a theatre of operations.
History.
Established at Grenier Field U.S. Army Reserve Center, on Galaxy Way, on the grounds of Manchester-Boston Regional Airport (the former Grenier Air Force Base), the 167th Support Group used a nominal Manchester, New Hampshire postal address, although that portion of the airport was on the Londonderry side of the city boundary.
In 1980, the peacetime Army Reserve chain of command was overlaid with a CAPSTONE wartime trace. In an expansion of the roundout and affiliation program begun ten years earlier, CAPSTONE purported to align every Army Reserve unit with the active and reserve component units with which they were anticipated to deploy. Like other Army Reserve units, the 167th Support Group maintained lines of communication with the units – often hundreds or thousands of miles away in peacetime – who would presumably serve above or below them in the event of mobilization. This communication, in some cases, extended to coordinated annual training opportunities.
Many of the 167th's units and individual soldiers rotated through Honduras in the 1980s. Operation Fuertes Caminos ("strong roads") provided villagers with roads on which to move their crops to market, while providing invaluable real-world training and experience to reserve engineers, medical personnel, logisticians and others.
Operation Nordic Shield was held in the summer of 1987. Units of the 94th Army Reserve Command; principally the 167th Support Group, the 187th Infantry Brigade (Separate), and their subordinate battalions and companies; deployed to Canadian Forces Base Gagetown in southern New Brunswick, to simulate the defense of Iceland against Warsaw Pact forces, the CAPSTONE mission of both the 187th and 167th.
Units under the 167th participated in a series of mobilization exercises in the 1980s, including the Selected Reserve Call-Up (23–25 October 1987), Golden Thrust '88 (November 1988), and Proud Eagle 90 (12 October through 2 November 1989). Each of these was designed to evaluate not only the units' ability to prepare to mobilize, but to examine the mobilization processes, systems, and logistical coordination so as to find and correct the unanticipated flaws.
In 1990–1991, many of the soldiers from the 167th Support Group's units were called to active duty and served both domestically and overseas in support of Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm. Despite the commonly held belief that CAPSTONE traces were set in stone, the process of selecting units to mobilize and deploy largely ignored CAPSTONE.
Operation Nordic Shield II was held in the summer of 1992. As they did five years before, the 167th Support Group, 187th Infantry Brigade and other units of the 94th ARCOM deployed to Canadian Forces Base Gagetown in southern New Brunswick, to simulate the defense of Iceland against Warsaw Pact forces, the CAPSTONE mission of both the 187th and 167th. Part of the 1992 exercise included lanes training as part of the United States Army Forces Command's "Bold Shift" initiative to reinforce unit war-fighting task proficiency.
In the 1990s, the airport's expansion necessitated a land-swap between the airport authority and the federal government, resulting in a new Army Reserve Center being built on the south edge of the airport's periphery. Since relocating, the 167th and its co-located units use a Londonderry postal address.
The 167th Support Group deployed soldiers to Honduras and Guatemala in 1999 in support of Operation New Horizon.
Global War on Terror.
In 2003, the 167th Corps Support Group was mobilized in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and deployed to the Persian Gulf in February 2004. In March 2004, the 167th deployed into Iraq, to FOB Speicher.
In 2006, the group was reorganised as a battalion.

</doc>
<doc id="19189476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189476" title="Smashmouth">
Smashmouth

Smashmouth or smash mouth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19189483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189483" title="Louis Boulduc">
Louis Boulduc

Louis Boulduc (1648–1700?) was a French soldier from 1665 to 1668 and settler of New France. He served in the Carignan-Salières Regiment and helped build new forts along the Richelieu River, the principal route of the Iroquois marauders.
Early life.
Louis Boulduc was one of at least five children. His father was Pierre Boulduc and his mother was Gillette Pijart. Louis had at least four brothers, Simon who was an apothecary in Paris; Pierre who was procurator in "Le Chatelet"; Gilles who was an Augustinian monk; and Jacques who was an Augustinian monk. He was sent to Quebec as a member of the Carignan-Salières Regiment in 1665 (age 17 and assumed the "war name" of "Bosleduc"), and remained behind to settle in Charlesbourg, when the regiment left. Louis married Elizabeth Hubert (1651–1701?) on August 20, 1668 in Quebec, Canada.
Historical background.
The king of France at the time of Louis’ birth was Louis XIV (1643–1715). Louis XIV was king of France during the French Renaissance. The reign of Louis XIV's predecessor (Louis XIII – 1610–1643) and his own reign had parts which were dominated by Cardinals Richelieu and Mazarin, and made France a nearly absolute monarchy. In a series of costly wars they (the kings) raised France to the chief power of Europe.
Much of the early exploration of North America was the result of a quest by the great powers of Europe to discover a sea route to the Far East (for the French and English this was a hunt for who would be first to discover the Northwest Passage). Further complicating this scenario was intensely fierce competition to establish dominance in the lucrative fur trade and access to the bountiful fishing waters of the North Atlantic. As time went on, it simply became an ongoing war for control of the continent of North America.
Jacques Cartier represented France's first entry into this competition with his discovery and exploration of the St Lawrence Seaway in 1535. Cartier made several trips to this region after claiming the territory for France and named it "Nouvelle (New) France". Interestingly, during his first journey, Cartier discovered a Huron village, Stadacona, which was located on the present site of Quebec City. The next explorer of note was Samuel de Champlain who is credited with the founding of Quebec City in 1608, a mere 57 years before the arrival of Louis Boulduc and the Carignan-Salières Regiment. This first settlement was located below the cliffs, on the banks of the St Lawrence River. This location is now called "Place Royale" and has some of the oldest buildings and streets in North America. Over time this part of the city has come to be known as the Lower City (Basse Ville). Understandably, the French crown was anxious to establish a permanent colony in the New World to expand its holdings and protect its interests against the English. To this end, Champlain was given that task and he accomplished it admirably. Out of the initial contingent of 24 French settlers and soldiers, only 8 survived the first winter. Further immigration was encouraged by the promise of new opportunities, free land and adventure, and the city began to grow steadily. Generally, Champlain also fared reasonably well with the Native Americans who inhabited the Quebec region. He and his Indian allies, the Algonquians and Hurons, combined forces to combat the Iroquois, whose raids on the settlement were becoming increasingly frequent and deadly. Under his leadership, Quebec continued to prosper and expand, and became the largest seaport north of Boston. Champlain is justifiably remembered as the "Father of New France." He died in 1635 and was buried under the Ursuline Convent in his beloved town. At the time, Quebec had a mere 150 residents!
The region was subject to famine, frigid winters, and the constant threat of Indian attack. It was into this hostile environment that the first Boulduc arrived in New France to seek his destiny (and those of his descendants) in the mid-17th century. Let us explore the life of this pioneer who, in one bold stroke, dramatically changed and shaped the future of his family and descendants.
Life in New France.
Louis was the first Boulduc settler in the New World. Louis Boulduc had originated from St. Benoit de Paris, Ile-de-France. He was born to a family from which a branch was later ennobled, his nephew Gilles-François Boulduc (1675–1742). It would appear that Louis completed some studies (presumably in the Apothecary art) prior to choosing to serve his country under the flag. He came to Canada in the regiment of Carignan, in the company of Mr. Hector Andigné De Grandfontaine in 1665. Louis came to Quebec in this capacity, on August 17, 1665. His mission, like that of the other soldiers was to prevent the Iroquois from using the Richelieu River to raid the colonists within Trois-Rivière and Montreal. Louis received his leave of the army between the end of 1667 and the beginning of 1668.
In 1668, Louis obtained a license for his marriage to Quebec's Elisabeth Hubert. Elizabeth Hubert was one of 770 women, known as "les filles du roi" (King's Daughters) who arrived in the colony of New France (Canada) between 1663 and 1673, under the financial sponsorship of King Louis XIV of France. Most were single French women and many were orphans. Their transportation to Canada and settlement in the colony were paid for by the King. Some were given a royal gift of a dowry of 50 pounds for their marriage to one of the many unmarried male colonists in Canada. These gifts are reflected in some of the marriage contracts entered into by the "filles du roi" at the time of their first marriages. The "filles du roi" were part of King Louis XIV's program to promote the settlement of his colony in Canada. Some 737 of these women married and the resultant population explosion gave rise to the success of the colony. Elizabeth was the daughter of Claude Hubert and Isabelle Fontaine. Claude Hubert was the Prosecutor at the Parliament of Paris. The dowry of Elizabeth was listed as 400 pounds, and is an example of one of the politically well-connected "filles du roi" receiving a larger dowry from the king. Elizabeth came to New France in 1667, after the death of her father. It is interesting to note that both Elizabeth's family and Louis’ family were well known to King Louis XIV. Louis’ father, Pierre, received a land grant from the king in recognition of good services.
On October 7, 1669, Louis purchased of land from Jacques Bedard, located in the Trait-Carré of Charlesbourg. Louis had no money with which to purchase the land, and had to borrow the entire amount (800 pounds) from the Jesuits. Louis borrowed money from many different people. On November 18, 1672 in order to pay a 409 pound debt to Jean Deperas, Louis gave up a milk cow valued at 75 pounds and all the wheat his Charlesbourg farm produced. In 1674, Louis sold his Charlesbourg home and came to establish himself in Quebec. In Quebec, Louis and his family lived on Rue du Parloir just in front from the Ursulines College. The house no longer exists. The only houses saved and renovated are on Petit-Champlain Street and some nearby houses. In the upper town, all (or almost all) houses burned in a large fire. Louis and his entire family moved from apartment to apartment in Quebec, first on Sault-au-Matelot Street, and finally ending up in a "dependence house" of Vieux-Quebec (downtown), near the Ursulines. 
Two years later (August 31, 1676), Louis XIV grants him the post of procurator/proxy of the King for the Provost of Quebec at a salary of 300 pounds. He occupied that post for almost six years. A protégé of the Provincial Governor Louis de Buade, Comte de Frontenac, Louis was adjutant for M. de Lotbiniere, then became public prosecutor for the king ; Louis was probably recalled to France in 1682, with his friend Frontenac. During that time, he began a long dispute with the Sovereign Council of New France and in particular with the Intendant Jacques Duchesneau de la Doussinière et d'Ambault. Condemned by the Sovereign Council, Louis was ordered to return to France with his friend and patron Frontenac.
Nomination and trouble brewing.
Louis’ nomination did not please certain connivers amongst the advisory consuls, who themselves had eyes for his post. They did everything in their power to discredit Louis. The members of the Sovereign Council never ceased harrying this over-vulnerable official (Louis), in an attempt to discredit him and thereby to compromise the Provost Court. The struggle began in earnest after Louis XIV, in May 1677, had restored the Provost Court of Quebec to its original authority, and confirmed the attorney Boulduc in his post. Frontenac's protégé could expect some serious opposition. On November 13, 1680 Duchesneau struck the first blow in a letter to the minister and in January 1681 Boulduc, accused of embezzlement, was brought before the Sovereign Council. Following a complaint lodged against him by a Bayonne merchant who perhaps wanted to take revenge, Boulduc was soon to see the councilors extend their indiscreet inquiries to his whole life, public and private. An official inquiry was convened, and accusations were brought against Louis, ranging from embezzlement, theft from every house he came across, to debauchery and continuous villainy. These accusations were presented by the Intendant Duchesneau, and were clear exaggerations. By virtue of a decree of April 28 he was suspended, and replaced temporarily by Pierre Duquet. This was the signal for a rare outburst of fury: the factions tore at each other unremittingly in a fight to the finish, for which Boulduc was in reality scarcely anything more than the occasion and the pretext. Frontenac was vindictive and ill tempered and wanted to control everything. It would appear he nominated Louis to this position as an attempt to weaken the powerful influence of the Sovereign Council. The Sovereign Council knew it was a great risk to attack Frontenac "head-on", so they decided to declare war on his protégé, Louis Boulduc. Finally, after 14 months of outright brawling, the council found Boulduc guilty of embezzlement – this was on March 20, 1682 and declared that he had forfeited his office.
In some sources, Louis Boulduc is referred to in a negative sense, as a thief, embezzler, etc.; one student of French has claimed that the inflections, spelling, and use of expressions seem to indicate that his corruption went far deeper, to the point of being considered "evil."
Many points about these accusations have never been cleared up, however, his benefactor Louis de Buade, Comte de Frontenac was a party to those transactions that caused Louis Boulduc's infamous reputation, and a great deal of documentation exists concerning Frontenac. As Governor General of New France, twice (1672–1682 and 1689–1698), a constant political battle with the clergy and other officials seems to have included others around Frontenac, including, it seems, Louis Boulduc. This is not to say he was innocent of all charges, but one explanation of what might have been (and probably was) involved in his transgressions. All information found thus far has been included concerning this early settler of Quebec, so the reader may decide, the extent (if any) of Louis’ corruption.
The King dismissed Louis from his post forever. Louis was accused of embezzlements of all kinds and of accepting bribes in the exercise of his post. In a letter to the Ministry dated November 13, 1680, the Intendant Duchesneau wrote this about the matter:
"For the procurator/proxy of the king, of that high bench, the monsieur Boulduc, I cannot conceal that he is completely unworthy of his post. He is accused of embezzlement, of robbery from all the homes in which people suffer, of being a debaucher and a blackguard continuously and if not for monsieur le Comte de Frontenac, I would have brought forth these actions of his protégé. I am not contented in order not to offend him (count Frontenac?), by this deed of telling about the procurator, to have observed a strong reprimand in the presence of the lieutenant-general."
This seems to have been sufficiently rigid as an accusation. Louis did well to go along with the spirit of the moment. There were awful quarrels between Frontenac and the Intendant Duchesneau. There was a second man, seeking Louis’ demise, Jacques-René de Brisay de Denonville, Marquis de Denonville, who in 1685 had time to conduct his own inquiry. For his part, Denonville considered Louis an out-and-out scoundrel who "should never be tolerated in such an office." It was known that the Intendant Duchesneau did not like Louis Boulduc. It seems well, that it was due in good part, in the Boulduc affair that Frontenac was recalled to France. It may be surmised that Frontenac, when back in France, did not forsake his protégé, for by a decree dated March 10, 1685 Louis XIV granted Boulduc's family one third of his salary, and asked the Intendant to restore Boulduc to his post if he were deemed to have been sufficiently punished. Denonville vigorously opposed the former attorney's return. On June 4, 1686, after years of prevarication and despite any help from Frontenac, the king dismissed Louis Boulduc. After his conviction by the Sovereign Counsel, Louis Boulduc tried to be reinstated in his post, but it was in vain, as the king saw great haughtiness in Louis. Meanwhile, the Governor-Marquis de Denonville wrote this to the Ministry:
"Monsieur the Intendant said that you ordered him to have reestablished the named Boulduc in the post of procurator/proxy of the king for the Provost of Quebec, assuming that he and I judge that the pain of his long absence was insufficient for expiation of his mistakes; that was given to me in place of my inquiry of the life and morals of Monsieur Boulduc. I have determined that he is a complete scamp who is never to be tolerated in a similar post. This country, sir, needs punishments for those who manage it are evil! He left us his children who are reduced to the charity of good people."
To understand the circumstances which lead to Louis being recalled to France, it is necessary to know what happened to his mentor Frontenac. In the course of events he soon became involved in quarrels with the Intendant touching questions of precedence and with the ecclesiastics one or two of whom ventured to criticize his proceedings. The church in Canada had been administered for many years by the religious orders; for the Episcopal See of Quebec, so long contemplated, had not yet been erected. But three years after the arrival of Frontenac a former vicar apostolic, François-Xavier de Montmorency-Laval, returned to Quebec as bishop, with a jurisdiction over the whole of Canada. In this fearsome churchman the governor found a vigorous opponent who was determined to render the state subordinate to the church. Frontenac, following in this respect in the footsteps of his predecessors, had issued trading licenses which permitted the sale of intoxicants. The bishop, supported by the Intendant, endeavored to suppress this trade and sent an ambassador to France to obtain remedial action. The views of the bishop were upheld and henceforth authority was divided. Troubles ensued between the governor and the Sovereign Council, over its expansion and over the corvées required to build the new forts. In particular, despite the opposition of Bishop François de Laval, he supported selling brandy to the Native Americans, which Laval considered a mortal sin. From this we can see that Frontenac had made some powerful political enemies, and Louis seems to have remained loyal to Frontenac. That loyalty could have been the cause of Louis’ political problems and the accusations of debauchery as well.
Recalled to France.
Madame Boulduc had gone back to France in 1685, provided with a pass by Denonville, who declared himself happy to "rid the country of a rather poor piece of goods." Boulduc followed her, perhaps the year after. They left behind "children who are dependent upon the charity of honest folk." The Boulduc's had indeed three sons and two (or three) daughters whose ages ranged from 9 to 17 years. The youngest girl, Louise, who may or may not have still been alive, was Frontenac's god-daughter, and apparently left with her mother. The others remained in the colony and took the name of Bolduc. As for the parents, they died in France, apparently without seeing their children again.
Who would venture to pass final judgment on Boulduc? Whatever may have been his faults, he was perhaps above all the victim of a troubled age. Intendant de Meulles seems to have thought so: "Much passion having been stirred up in this affair, the King would be wise to reinstate this magistrate," he wrote on November 12, 1686. As far as Louis Boulduc's performances in Canada, records indicate infamy and nothing yet found, will prove or disprove these charges. 
An internet article describes one of the children of Louis and Elizabeth, Jaques. Jaques was born October 15, 1672 and baptized on October 17, 1672 in Quebec. Jaques married Marie-Anne Racine, at the coast of Bowsprit on November 7, 1701. Marie-Anne Racine was born March 29, 1684, the daughter of Noel Racine and Marguerite Gravel. Jaques and Marie-Anne had at least one daughter, Marie-Ann Bolduc. Marie-Ann Bolduc married Jean Filion on November 21, 1729.
External links.
(1) http://www.blupete.com/Hist/NovaScotiaBk1/Part1/Ch10.htm
(2) http://fillesduroi.org/Daughters/daughters.html
(3) http://fillesduroi.org/Daughters/Filles/filles.html#H
(4) http://membres.lycos.fr/ancetre/BolducLouis.htm
(5) http://genforum.genealogy.com/b/bolduc/messages/462.html
(6) http://home.comcast.net/~bennabre/bolduc1.html
(7) Biography at the "Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online"
(9) http://membres.lycos.fr/ancetre/BolducLouis.htm - Robert Rochon

</doc>
<doc id="19189490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189490" title="Be the One (The Ting Tings song)">
Be the One (The Ting Tings song)

"Be the One" is a song by English duo The Ting Tings from their debut album, "We Started Nothing" (2008). Originally slated for release on 6 October 2008, the song was ultimately released on 13 October 2008 as the album's fifth single.
Music video.
The music video premiered on 10 September 2008 on handbag.com. It begins with Katie White waking up in a hospital, appearing to not know how she got there and sneaking out. White is joined by Jules De Martino while walking down a back street with their friends following them wanting to hang out, but White and De Martino refuse. Also following them are large screens showing their movements. In the end, they meet up and soon drive off in a black and white car. It is soon revealed that the entire video is set in a studio in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="19189499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189499" title="Edward A. Bond">
Edward A. Bond

Edward Austin Bond (April 22, 1849 in Dexter, Washtenaw County, Michigan – December 10, 1929 in New York City) was an American civil engineer and politician from New York. He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1899 to 1904.
Life.
He was the son of Hollis Bond and Emily (Faxon) Bond. He was educated in the public schools of Michigan and at the Business College of Utica, New York. From 1867 to 1870, he was in the employ of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad between Utica and Binghamton. On November 11, 1873, he married Gertrude Hollenbeck (d. 1903). 
In 1875 he was appointed Assistant to Chief Engineer Thomas W. Spencer of the Utica and Black River Railroad. After Spencer's resignation, Bond became Chief Engineer, a position he held until 1886. He was in charge of the construction of the railroad from Louisville, New York to Clayton, New York and Ogdensburg, New York. In 1886, he was appointed Chief Engineer and General Manager of the Carthage and Adirondack Railroad from Carthage, New York to Benson Mines and the Oswegatchie River. Removing to Watertown, New York in 1889, he became a partner in the engineering firm of Hinds and Bond. In 1896 the firm dissolved, and Bond continued the business alone. In 1898, he was President of the Barrie and Napanee Water Works of Ontario, Canada. 
He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1899 to 1904, elected in 1898, 1900 and 1902 on the Republican ticket. He resigned on May 1, 1904, and became Chairman of the Advisory Board of Consulting Engineers for the Improvement of the NY State Canals.
On November 10, 1904, he married Clara Estelle Ellis (1849–1907).
He was a member of the American Society of Civil Engineers.

</doc>
<doc id="19189514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189514" title="Colt Official Police">
Colt Official Police

Introduced to the firearms market in 1927, The Colt Official Police is a medium frame, six-shot, double-action revolver with a six-round cylinder, primarily chambered for the .38 Special cartridge, and manufactured by the Colt's Manufacturing Company. The intended specific target market for the Official Police was mainly law enforcement agencies and it became one of the best selling police firearms of all time, eventually in the 1950s coming to exemplify typical peace officer weaponry. The Official Police was also used by various U.S. and allied military forces during World War II.
Development and history.
As the 20th Century began, the older .32 caliber revolvers which had been standard-issue for the majority of American police departments began to be phased out in favor of the larger-bore .38 caliber. In 1908 Colt introduced a sleek and modernized revolver they dubbed the Army Special, which in the powerful (for the time) and popular .38 Special quickly became the issue service revolver of many departments.
During the same period, revolvers began to fall out of favor with the U.S. Military, especially after the adoption on the U.S. Model of 1911 semi-automatic pistol. As military sales of their revolvers dropped off, Colt searched for an alternative market and realized the popularity and strong sales of their product line with civilian law enforcement agencies could form their replacement market.
By 1927 the overwhelming sales of two popular models, the Army Special and Colt Police Positive, had assured Colt’s dominance of the law enforcement firearms market. Colt’s marketing strategy was further fine-tuned by making a few superficial alterations to the Army Special revolver and then renaming it as the “Official Police” model. The changes included adding checkering to the trigger and cylinder latch, matting the topstrap of the frame and widening the rear sight groove. Colt also upgraded the quality of the gun’s finish from a dull blued finish to a highly polished blued surface. In 1930, Colt scored a marketing coup when they publicized that their Official Police model could easily handle the firing of heavily-loaded .38 rounds intended for competitor Smith & Wesson's new large N-frame revolver, the .38-44, none of the comparable S&W revolvers could manage this feat. By 1933 the Colt sales catalog listed many law enforcement agencies as having adopted the OP as a sidearm, including the New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, and Kansas City police departments. In addition many state police organizations and even the Federal Bureau of Investigation chose the OP as their issue revolver. The U.S. Army also bought some of the revolvers, issuing them to military police and to federal agencies in need of a revolver for their armed agents, such as the Treasury Department, Coast Guard, and the Postal Inspection Service. Many Official Police revolvers were also bought by the police forces and militaries of various South American countries.
Between May 1940 and June 1941, 49,764 Official Police revolvers in .38 New Police or .38/200 caliber were purchased by the British Purchasing Commission and shipped to the United Kingdom for use by British and Commonwealth armed forces as a substitute standard sidearm. These revolvers bore British military acceptance markings and had a 5" barrel; the butt was fitted with a military-style lanyard ring. Most of these OP revolvers were assembled from commercial-grade parts made before 1942.
When the U.S. became involved in World War II, the U.S. government requested contracts to supply .38 revolvers required for arming security personnel charged with the security of government buildings, shipyards, and defense plant installations against sabotage or theft. Commencing in 1941, small quantities of the .38 Colt Official Police were procured directly from the Defense Supplies Corporation (DSC). When government purchasing officials objected to production delays of the OP, as well as the unit cost, Colt responded by simplifying the gun. Savings were achieved by eliminating all unnecessary exterior polishing operations, substituting a smooth-face trigger and hammer, and fitting the gun with simplified checkered wood grips with the Colt medallion; the latter was soon replaced by 'Coltwood' molded plastic grips. Instead of the normal bluing, the revolver was given a dull parkerized finish. Dubbed the Colt "Commando", the weapon was primarily used to arm units of Military police, security guards at U.S. defense plant installations and shipyards, as well as limited clandestine issue to agencies involved in overseas espionage and military intelligence. 
In mid-1942 the Springfield Ordnance District (SOD) was given control over procurement and distribution of the Commando, which transferred the revolvers to the end user. A few Commandos were shipped to the U.S. Maritime Commission and used as small arms equipment on U.S. merchant ships and ships provided to the Allies under Lend-Lease. Most Commando wartime production went to the Defense Supplies Corporation (DSC). for use by security and police forces, while approximately 1,800 Commandos were used by the U.S. Navy, with another 12,800 revolvers distributed to various military intelligence agencies. Control over procurement changed in 1944, after the DSC formally objected to being charged additional handling fees by the armed forces, and was then authorized to procure the Commando directly from Colt.
After the Allied victory, Colt resumed commercial production and returned to the prewar polished blued finish, but retained the plastic grips which they labeled “Coltwood” until 1954 when the checkered wooden grips were reintroduced. During the postwar period, Colt fell on difficult financial times and the company introduced few new models. At Smith & Wesson, both output and new model civilian and police sales improved, and the sales margin gap between the two corporations progressively tightened. Finally in the 1960s S&W took over the lead. A contributing factor to this change may have been Smith & Wesson's generally lower cost per unit, accompanied by a double-action trigger pull on their military & police model that was preferred by many agencies teaching the new combat-oriented double-action revolver training. Colt announced the discontinuation of the Official Police in 1969, stating that competitive production of the design was no longer economically feasible. With a total production of over 400,000 pistols, the Official Police ranks as one of the most successful handguns ever made.
Features.
The Official Police was machined of fine carbon steel, with bright royal Colt blued as well as nickel plated finishes, and was offered in barrels. Built on Colt’s .41 or “I” frame, it was manufactured in a variety of chamberings including .22 LR, .32-20 (discontinued in 1942), .41 Long Colt (discontinued in 1938), and the most common and popular, the .38 Special. Colt’s “Positive Lock” firing pin block safety was a standard feature of the revolver, preventing the firing pin from striking the primer unless the trigger was deliberately pulled. The pistol’s sights consisted of a blade front with a fixed iron open rear sight, which was a simple V-notch shaped groove milled into the revolver’s top strap. The top strap had a matte finish to reduce glare down the sight plane.
Variants.
Commando.
The Commando was a wartime variant of the Official Police, manufactured with either a two or four inch barrel, and incorporating several production economies including a non-gloss Parkerized finish. The Commando also lacked the usual metal checkering on the hammer, trigger, and cylinder latch, as well as the reflection-deadening treatment of the commercial version’s top strap. In addition, plastic material replaced the wood grips of the civilian model. Approximately 48,611 Commando revolvers were purchased by the government during the war. Of this total, approximately 12,800 Commando revolvers were issued to various intelligence services such as US Military intelligence and the Office of Strategic Services (OSS). Many of the latter were procured with the two-inch barrel, referred to as the “Junior Commando”. A few Commandos saw service overseas in the war zone. Regular production deliveries of two-inch "Junior Commando" revolvers began in March 1943, at approximately serial number 9,000. More than 12,000 of the two-inch Commandos encountered today are actually postwar conversions from four-inch models produced during the war.
Marshal.
A rare variant featuring a rounded grip, with barrel lengths of two and four inches. With a very limited production run of 2,500 units produced from 1955-1956, the Marshal became a true collectable.
MK III.
The moniker “Official Police” was borrowed by one model in a new generation of revolvers Colt introduced in the late1960s, called the “MK III” series. MK III models consisted of simpler versions of several classic Colt revolvers with updated lockwork.
The MK III product line was actually a different and original design based on a new “J” frame, which failed to attain commercial success and was cancelled after only three years.

</doc>
<doc id="19189533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189533" title="Edward Bond (disambiguation)">
Edward Bond (disambiguation)

Edward Bond (born 1934) is a British playwright.
Edward Bond may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19189540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189540" title="Wright system">
Wright system

The Wright system is a refinement of rules associated with proportional representation by means of the single transferable vote (PR-STV) electoral system. It is named after Jack Wright, former President of the Proportional Representation Society of Australia)
The aim of the system is to provide an alternative to various methods of segmentation and distribution of preferences associated with the exclusion of a candidate from the count.
The Wright System fulfills the two principles identified by Brian Meek:
The system uses the optional Droop Quota (the integer value of the total number of votes divided by one more than the number of vacant positions plus one) and the Gregory method of weighted surplus transfer value of the vote in calculating a candidate's surplus transfer value which is then multiplied by the value of each vote received by the candidates whose votes are to be redistributed, as is the case in the Western Australian upper-house elections.
Unlike the Western Australian upper-house electoral system, the Wright System uses a reiterative counting process that differs from the Meek's method as an alternative to the method of segmentation and distribution of excluded candidates' votes.
On every exclusion of a candidate from the count the counting of the ballot is reset and all valid votes are redistributed to candidates remaining in the count initially at full value.
In each iteration of the count, votes are first distributed according to the voter's first available preference, with each vote assigned a value of one and the total number of votes tabulated for each candidate and the quota calculated on the value of the total number of valid votes using the Droop quota method.
Any candidate that has a total value equal or greater than the quota is provisionally declared elected and their surplus value distributed according to the voter's nominated subsequent preference. If the number of vacancies are filled on the first distribution the results of the election are declared with all provisionally declared candidates being declared the winner of the election.
If the number of candidates provisionally declared elected is less than the number of vacancies and all candidates' surplus votes have been distributed then the candidate with the lowest value of votes is excluded from the count. The ballot is reset and the process of redistribution restarted with ballot papers being redistributed again according to the voters next available preference allocated to any continuing candidate. This process repeats itself until all vacancies are filled in a single count without the need for any further exclusions.
The Wright System takes into account optional preferential voting in that any votes that do not express a valid preference for a continuing candidate are set aside without-value and the quota is recalculated on each iteration of the count following the distribution of the first available preference. Votes that exhaust as a result of a candidate's surplus transfer are set aside with the value associated with the transfer in which they exhausted.
The main advantage of the Wright System is that it limits the distortion and bias in the vote that arises from the adopted methods of segmentation and distribution of preferences of excluded candidates. Each vote has proportionally equal weight and is treated in the same manner as every other vote.
Under the current system used in the Australian Senate a voter whose first preference is for a minor candidate and their subsequent second preference for a major candidate that has been declared elected earlier in the count is denied the opportunity to have their second preference vote allocated to the candidate of their choice. With the reiterative counting system the voter's second preference forms part of the voter's alternative chosen candidate's surplus and is redistributed according to the voters nominated preference allocation.
Definitions.
Candidate means the name of a person or persons seeking election and listed on the ballot paper(s) to be counted
Continuing Candidate means a candidate that has not been excluded from or declared not-elected in the process of the count
Total Vote (Tv) is the total number of ballot papers that express a valid preference allocated to candidates remaining in the count
Quota )Droop Quota(Q) means the number determined by dividing the Total Vote (Tv) by 1 more than the number of candidates required to be elected and by increasing the quotient (disregarding any remainder) 
or Alternatively a Full Proportional Quota (Q) means the number determined by dividing the Total Vote (Tv) by the number of candidates required to be elected (disregarding any remainder) 
Value of the Vote (Vv) means the value allocated to each ballot paper as it progresses though the count.
Candidate’s Total Value of votes (Ctvv) means the aggregated sum of the value of each ballot paper allocated to the candidate.
Surplus Value (Sv) means the value calculated by subtracting the Quota (Q) from the Candidates Total Value’ of votes (Sv = Ctvv-Q)
Surplus Transfer Value (Stv) means the value calculated by the Surplus value (Sv) divided by the Candidate’s Total Value of votes (Ctvv) and then multiplied by the Value of vote (Vv) allocated to each ballot paper ((Stv = Sv/Ctvv)*Vv)
Ballot Paper means a record of a voter’s intention and allocation, in ascending order of preference, of support for a nominated candidate for election. It also refers to a vote which is a record in electronic format representing information and preference allocations of a ballot paper.
Vote means a mathematical representation and record of a ballot paper
Preference means the number in ascending order that represents the order of voter’s preference attributed to a candidate for election as recorded on a ballot paper or data file.
Electronic preference data file means an electronic data file representing the allocation and record of preferences and all votes/ballot papers used in the calculation, distribution and determination of the results of the election.
Remainders represent the fractional part arising from a mathematical division recorded in double precision and are to be retained with and form part of the value of the vote and/or the total value attributed to a candidate
Exhausted Votes means the aggregated value attributed to any votes that do not express a valid preference for a candidate remaining within the count. The ballot paper and it’s attributed value are declared exhausted and a tally of all exhausted votes recorded.
Bulk exclusion means the method of determining the number of candidates which can be simultaneously excluded from the count
Running Sum means the progressive calculation the sum of all candidates total votes from lowest to highest in descending order
Quota Breakpoint means highest running sum value that is less than half of the "Quota"
Running Breakpoint means the candidate with a total vote value that is greater than the associated running sum of all candidates with a lower total vote.
Applied Breakpoint means the candidate with a highest total vote that is less than the associated running sum of all candidates with a lower total vote and less than the difference between the "Quota' and the value of the highest scoring candidate that is below "Quota".
Process of calculation of the results of the election.
All ballot papers must be checked for formality and reconciled with the electoral roll and polling place returns following the completion of the data-entry process and prior to the commencement of the counting procedure outlined below. Any informal ballot papers must be set aside and recorded with no value.
Distribution of Preferences and calculation of Quota.
 Ballot Papers are distributed according to the first available preference in ascending order that corresponds to a Continuing Candidate.
(a) Any ballot paper that does not express a transferable preference for a continuing candidate is declared exhausted-without-value and recorded with a value of zero.
(b) Assign each ballot paper allocated to a Continuing Candidate a Vote value of one.
(c) Ascertain and assign the Candidate’s Total Value of the Vote (Ctvv) for each Continuing Candidate by aggregating the value of the votes allocated to each Continuing Candidate.
(d) Ascertain and assign the Total Vote (Tv) value by aggregating the total value of votes allocated to each candidate outlined in (c) above.
(e) Calculate the Quota required to elect a candidate by dividing the Total Vote (Tv) by 1 more than the number of candidates required to be elected and by increasing the quotient (disregarding any remainder) by 1 (Q = integer(Tv/(1+No of Vacancies))+1).
Provisional declaration of elected candidates.
 Any candidate who has received a Total value of votes (Ctvv) equal to or greater than the Quota (Q) is to be provisionally declared elected.
Number of vacancies filled.
 If the number of candidates provisionally declared elected equals the number of vacancies to be filled then the count is concluded (Goto Conclusion of the count)
Number of elected candidates less than vacancies.
 If the number of candidates provisionally declared elected is less than the number of vacancies to be elected and the number of all other Continuing Candidates is greater than the number of vacancies still remaining then the procedure of the count is as follows:-
Calculation of the Candidate’s Surplus Value.
 In descending order of the Candidates' Total value of votes (Ctvv) for each provisionally elected candidate, starting from the candidate with the highest total value of votes whose surplus is to be distributed, calculate the Surplus value (Sv) of the candidate by subtracting the Quota from the Candidate’s Total Value of the Vote and then determine, distribute and allocate the Candidates Surplus Transfer value according to the procedure outlined below (2.6 and 2.7 inclusive)
Calculation of the Surplus Transfer Value and value of the vote.
 The candidate’s Surplus Transfer Value (Stv) is determined by calculating the quotient of the candidate’s Surplus value (Sv) divided by the Candidate’s Total Value of the Vote (Ctvv) and multiplying the result by the value of each ballot paper (Vv) allocated to the Candidate whose surplus is being considered. The resultant becomes the new Value of the vote allocated to each ballot paper the sum of which equals the Surplus value (Sv).
Distribution of Candidate’s Surplus votes.
 All ballot papers allocated to the Candidate whose surplus is under consideration are to be redistributed according to the following procedure:
 All ballot papers that express a preference greater than the preference allocated to the candidate whose surplus is to be distributed shall be distributed and re-allocated to the candidate that remains in the count (excluding any candidate that has already been provisionally declared elected) according to the next available sequentially highest preference recorded on the ballot paper.
Exhausted Ballot papers to be set aside.
 Any ballot paper that does not express a valid preference for a continuing candidate greater than the preference allocated to the candidates whose surplus is to be distributed shall be set aside and declared exhausted-with-value and its value added to the total value of exhausted ballot papers recorded for the relevant transaction in the count. Exhausted votes that form part of a candidates surplus remain in the count and form part of the initial candidate’s Total Vote and surplus.
Allocate value of quota to candidate whose surplus has been distributed.
 The Candidate whose Surplus has been distributed is allocated a Candidate’s Total Value of votes equal to the Quota.
Ascertain if any Candidates are to be provisionally elected as a result of the surplus transfer distribution.
 Any Continuing Candidate who has received a total value of votes equal to or greater than the quota on the completion of the transfer and distribution of all ballot papers associated with the surplus distribution shall be provisionally declared elected.
Number of Candidates provisionally elected equal the number of vacancies.
 If as a result of the completed surplus transfer the number of candidates provisionally declared elected equals the number of vacancies to be filled then the count is concluded (Goto Conclusion of the count)
Distribution of additional surplus votes.
 If the number of candidates provisionally declared elected is less than the number of vacancies to be filled and there remain candidates who have a surplus value that has not been transferred and distributed then the votes allocated to the candidate with the next highest surplus value is to be transferred and redistributed according to the procedure outlined above (2.6 and 2.7 inclusive)
Exclusion of candidates.
 If the number of candidates provisionally declared elected is less than the number of vacancies to be filled and there are no further candidate surpluses to be distributed then the candidate with the lowest total value of votes is to be declared not-elected and excluded from the count.
Bulk Exclusion (option).
 Two or more candidates may be excluded simultaneously by determining the "Applied Breakpoint", if the aggregated value of all candidates to be excluded is less than the value of the next lowest candidate or the value required by a candidate to obtain a quota. The calculation of "Quota Break point" or the highest associated "Running Break Point" values associated with a continuing candidate. Breakpoints assists in the determination of applying a "Bulk Exclusion" process. If the "Quota", "Applied" and "Running Breakpoints" converge then it is generally safe to apply a "Bulk Exclusion" process to the count. Careful consideration needs to be given to ensure that candidates with a lower total value are not capable of securing a higher total vote than the candidates remaining in the count.
Tie in the value of a candidates the vote.
 If there are two or more candidates of equal value with the lowest total value of the vote then the candidate to be excluded from the count shall be determined by lot and declared not-elected.
Number of candidates declared elected and remaining in the count equal the number of vacancies.
 If as a result of any exclusion the number of candidates provisionally declared elected plus the number of remaining candidates equals the number of vacancies to be filled then the count is concluded and all candidates that remain in the count are all declared provisionally elected (Goto Conclusion of the count)
Reset and continuation of the count.
 If the number of Continuing Candidates, including candidates that have been provisionally elected, is greater than the number of vacancies plus one following the exclusion of any candidate, the ballot shall be reset and the distribution of preferences shall be restarted according to the procedures outlined above in sections 2.1 to 2.10 excluding all candidates that have been declared not-elected and excluded from the count.
Reiteration of the count.
 The count continues to proceed according to the procedures outlined above until either the number of provisionally declared elected candidates or the number of candidates remaining in the count equals the number of vacancies to be filled in which case all Continuing Candidates are declared provisionally elected.
Conclusion of the count.
 At the conclusion of the reiterative count all candidates that have been provisionally elected in the final count reiteration are declared elected following the publication of the election results and a certified copy of the detailed electronic preference data file used in tabulating the results of the election.

</doc>
<doc id="19189562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189562" title="Neverwas">
Neverwas

Neverwas is a 2005 English film written and directed by Joshua Michael Stern in his directorial debut. It stars Ian McKellen, Aaron Eckhart, Brittany Murphy and Nick Nolte.
It was first shown at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival. However, the movie was never given a full theatrical release, eventually being released straight to DVD in 2007.
Plot.
Zach Riley (Aaron Eckhart) is a psychiatrist who leaves a job at a prestigious university to take up a job at the privately run mental institution, 'Millwood', belonging to Dr. Reed (William Hurt). What he doesn’t reveal at the time of his appointment is that this was the very place where his novelist father, T.L. Pierson (Nick Nolte), spent many years of his life as he battled chronic depression. T.L. later wrote a popular children’s classic, "Neverwas", about a child (based on young Zach himself) who enters a secret world to free a captive king. T.L. later committed suicide; Riley, who found the body, has always partly blamed himself for his father's death.
Riley is assigned to work with a schizophrenic patient, Gabriel Finch (Ian McKellen), and soon realizes that Finch sees himself as the captive king. As he listens to Finch and resumes his acquaintance with childhood friend Maggie Paige, he realizes that more things link him to the book -- and also to Finch's recovery -- than he ever thought. T.L.'s novel was based on Finch's stories, told to him by Finch while both were patients in the hospital. Finch believes that the book is a sort of oracle confirming his personal reality, and that Riley is the boy hero. Riley comes to see himself this way in a sense, as he discovers that Finch's "hallucination" concerns actual places and events. 
Owing to the theme of a fairy tale which is based on real events, it has often been compared with "Finding Neverland" (2004).
Production credits.
The film was shot in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19189578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189578" title="TransferJet">
TransferJet

TransferJet is a new type of close proximity wireless transfer technology developed by Sony and initially demonstrated publicly in early 2008. By touching (or bringing very close together) two electronic devices, TransferJet allows high speed exchange of data. The concept of TransferJet consists of a touch-activated interface which can be applied for applications requiring high-speed data transfer between two devices in a peer-to-peer mode without the need for external physical connectors.
TransferJet's maximum physical layer transmission rate is 560 Mbit/s. After allowing for error correction and other protocol overhead, the effective maximum throughput is 375 Mbit/s. TransferJet will adjust the data rate downward according to the wireless environment, thereby maintaining a robust link even when the surrounding wireless condition fluctuates.
TransferJet has the capability of identifying the unique MAC addresses of individual devices, enabling users to choose which devices can establish a connection. By allowing only devices inside the household, for example, one can prevent data theft from strangers while riding a crowded train. If, on the other hand, one wishes to connect the device with any other device at a party, this can be done by simply disabling the filtering function.
TransferJet uses the same frequency spectrum as UWB, but occupies only a section of this band available as a common worldwide channel. Since the RF power is kept under -70 dBm/MHz, it can operate in the same manner as that of UWB devices equipped with DAA functionality. In addition, this low power level also ensures that there will be no interference to other wireless systems, including other TransferJet systems, operating nearby.
By reducing the RF power and spatial reach down to a few centimeters (about an inch or less), a TransferJet connection in its most basic mode does not require any initial setup procedure by the user for either device, and the action of spontaneously touching one device with another will automatically trigger the data transfer. More complex usage scenarios will require various means to select the specific data to send as well as the location to store (or method to process) the received data.
TransferJet utilizes a newly developed TransferJet Coupler based on the principle of electric induction field as opposed to radiation field for conventional antennas. The functional elements of a generic TransferJet Coupler consist of a coupling electrode or plate, a resonant stub and ground. Compared to conventional radiating antennas, the TransferJet Coupler achieves higher transmission gain and more efficient coupling in the near-field while providing sharp attenuation at longer distances. Because the Coupler generates longitudinal electric fields, there is no polarization and the devices can be aligned at any angle.
TransferJet Specifications
Although sometimes confused with Near Field Communication, TransferJet depends on an entirely different technology and is also generally targeted for different usage scenarios focusing on high-speed data transfer. Thus these two systems will not interfere with each other and can even co-exist in the same location, as already implemented in certain products.
Other recent products combine TransferJet with wireless power to allow both data transfer and wireless charging capability simultaneously in the same location. TransferJet, NFC and wireless power are the three major near-field (contact-less) technologies that are expected to eliminate the physical connections and cables currently required to interface devices with each other.
Comparison with NFC
The TransferJet Consortium was established in July 2008 to advance and promote the TransferJet Format, by developing the technical specifications and compliance testing procedures as well as creating a market for TransferJet-compliant, interoperable products. In September 2011, the consortium was registered as an independent non-profit industry association. As of July 1, 2012, the Consortium is led by nine Promoter companies, consisting of: Hitachi Ltd, JVC-Kenwood, Nikon, Olympus, Panasonic, Pioneer, Seiko Epson, Sony (consortium administrator), and Toshiba. The Consortium currently also has more than thirty Adopter companies, for a total of over fifty member companies.
Commercial products have been introduced since January 2010 and the initial product categories include digital cameras, laptop PCs, USB cradle accessories and new office/business equipment. Compliance testing equipment is provided by Agilent technologies and certification services are offered by Allion Test Labs and XXCAL Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19189605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189605" title="HD 35984">
HD 35984

HD 35984 is variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="19189617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189617" title="Asher Shadmon">
Asher Shadmon

Professor Asher Shadmon (b. "ca." 1923) is an Israeli engineering geologist who served as the first President of the International Association for Engineering Geology (IAEG). He has served on the United Nations International Commission on Building Stones and is a distinguished international consultant on stone as a building material.
Shadmon’s expertise in mining and quarrying is credited with singlehandedly fostering those industries in Israel. He is one of the world's experts on marble and other building stones, having written many books on the subject.

</doc>
<doc id="19189621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189621" title="Nauru–United Kingdom relations">
Nauru–United Kingdom relations

Nauru was part of the British Western Pacific Territories from September 1914 and June 1921. The British Government had ceased to exercise any direct role in the governance of Nauru by 1968, when the island achieved its independence.
The Nauruan government maintains an Hon. Consul, Martin W I Weston. The British High Commission in Suva is responsible for the United Kingdom's bilateral relations with Nauru.

</doc>
<doc id="19189627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189627" title="PLEXIL">
PLEXIL

PLEXIL (Plan Execution Interchange Language) is an open source technology for automation, created and currently in development by NASA.
Overview.
PLEXIL is a programming language for representing plans for automation.
The PLEXIL Executive is an execution engine that implements PLEXIL and can be interfaced (using a provided software framework) with external systems to be controlled and/or queried. PLEXIL has been used to demonstrate automation technologies targeted at future NASA space missions. Applications of PLEXIL have included control of hardware prototypes (planetary rovers and drills, the Habitat Demonstration Unit, and procedure automation for the International Space Station.
The binaries and documentation are widely available as open source from Sourceforge.net .
Nodes.
The fundamental programming unit of PLEXIL is the Node. A node is a data structure formed of two primary components: a set of conditions that drive the execution of the node and another set which specifies what the node accomplishes after execution.
A hierarchical composition of nodes is called a plan. A plan is a tree divided in nodes close to the root (high level nodes) and leaf nodes that represent primitive actions such as variable assignments or the sending of commands to the external system.
Node Types:
As of September 2008 NASA has implemented seven types of nodes.
Node states:
Each node can be in only one state. They are:
Nodes transitions:

</doc>
<doc id="19189629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189629" title="Denis Crossan">
Denis Crossan

Denis Crossan BSC, was born in Glasgow, where he attended Glasgow School of Art, qualifying with a B.A.(hons) degree in graphic design before enrolling at the National Film and Television School Beaconsfield, graduating in 1984 to embark on a career in cinematography. 
Towards the end of his course at Beaconsfield he was asked to film a music video for "Frankie Goes To Hollywood" called "Relax", which was quickly followed by work for "UB40", "U2" and many others. He has been equally prodigious in commercials and through the years has worked with major directors and advertising agencies, resulting in a number of awards for cinematography, including Clio Awards, Creative Circle Awards and D&AD.
His first feature film credit was "Melancolia", an art house thriller set in London and produced by the BFI which won an Evening Standard film award 1990. In 1993 he was asked to join The British society of Cinematographers. His movie credits include "I Know What You Did Last Summer", directed by Jim Gillespie, starring Sarah Michelle Gellar and Ryan Phillipe; "Clandestine Marriage", directed by Christopher Miles, starring Nigel Hawthorne and Timothy Spall, which won Best Cinematography Newport Beach Film Festival California 2000; "The Hole", directed by Nick Hamm, starring Thora Birch and Keira Knightley; "Me Without You", directed by Sandra Goldbacher, starring Michelle Williams, Anna Friel and Kyle MacLachlan; "Agent Cody Banks", directed by Harald Zwart, starring Frankie Munitz and Hilary Duff; "Pink Panther 2", starring Steve Martin, Andy García, Jean Reno, John Cleese, Alfred Molina and Emily Mortimer.
References.
Debrett's people of today

</doc>
<doc id="19189638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189638" title="Beechworth Asylum">
Beechworth Asylum

Beechworth Lunatic Asylum, originally known as the haunted Mayday Hills Lunatic Asylum is a decommissioned located in Beechworth, a town of Victoria, Australia. Mayday Hills Lunatic Asylum was the fourth such Hospital to be built in Victoria, being one scariest of the three largest. Mayday Hills Hospital closed in 1995 after 128 years of operation.
The asylum was surrounded by almost 106 hectares of farmland, making the hospital self-sufficient with its own piggery, orchards, kitchen gardens, fields, stables and barn. For recreation, the asylum included tennis courts, an oval and cricket pavilion, kiosk and theatre.
Ha-Ha Walls.
One of the distinctive features of both Kew Asylum and Beechworth Asylum is the use of a variation on Ha-Ha walls around the patients courtyards. These ha-has consisted of a trench, one side of which was vertical and faced with stone or bricks, the other side sloped and turfed. From the inside, the walls presented a tall face to patients, preventing them from escaping, while from outside, the walls looked low so as not to suggest imprisonment.
Admission process.
People could be admitted to the asylum as a lunatic patient by a number of means:
To be admitted, only two signatures were required. To be discharged, eight signatures were required, thus it was a lot harder to get out than to get in.
Current Uses.
Beechworth Lunatic Asylum is currently owned by La Trobe Beechworth Pty Ltd, and managed by La Trobe University. Nightly Ghost tours are held at the hospital allowing public access to the most historic buildings on site. This tour explores inside one of Victoria's largest lunatic asylums, where your host will share with you tales of staff, patients and early forms of treatments.
A venue used for weddings is the Chapel of the Resurrection, to the west of the site. It was built in 1868 as the mortuary for the complex, and was converted to the chapel seen today in the 1960s.
The gardens date to the 19th century, covering 11 hectares, and are open to the public from dawn until dusk.

</doc>
<doc id="19189645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189645" title="Təzəkənd (40° 23' N 46° 54' E), Tartar">
Təzəkənd (40° 23' N 46° 54' E), Tartar

Təzəkənd (also, Tazakend) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19189667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189667" title="Hijikata">
Hijikata


</doc>
<doc id="19189695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189695" title="WKC Stahl- und Metallwarenfabrik">
WKC Stahl- und Metallwarenfabrik

WKC Stahl- und Metallwarenfabrik ("WKC Steel and Metalwork Factory"), formerly Weyersberg, Kirschbaum & Cie., is a sword manufacturing company located in Solingen, Germany.
The company was founded in 1883 with the merger of two major Solingen sword-making companies, Weyersberg and Kirschbaum. In 1900 the company was the largest in Solingen, employing around 1,200 workers. WKC uses traditional hand forging in their production process. The company supplies over 50 militaries, military academies and police forces worldwide with ceremonial swords. The company also makes Japanese Katanas using the traditional hand forging process.
History.
Weyersberg, Kirschbaum, and Cie. was founded in 1883 with the merger of two family-owned sword manufacturing and marketing companies in Solingen, Germany: Weyersberg and Kirschbaum. The newly founded company used traditional techniques for sword making and each of their then employees specialised in one task in the sword making process. This was in accordance to the Division of Labor act devised by the Sword makers Guild of Soligen.
Prior to the merger Fritz Weyersberg had purchased the patent for a blade roll forge invented in England. This machine allowed the sword manufacturing plant to significantly increase blade production. By 1900 WKC's production was such that it employed around 1,200 workers and was the largest company in Solingen. At this time the company not only produced swords but weapons, motorcycles and bike parts as well.
In the year 1922, WKC was bought by the company "Siegen Solinger Gussstahlverein" who was a previous supplier of theirs. The company continued to flourish until the Great Depression. During this time like most companies in Germany, WKC suffered greatly and worsened as during World War II, the company was a target of Allied bombardment. These bombings resulted in almost all of the buildings and equipment owned by the company at the time being destroyed and so all operations there ceased.
In 1955 the company again changed hands with Hans Kolping, a Solingen knife producer, buying the company. He restarted the company and produced swords, knives and pistols. Soon after he discontinued the production of pistols and concentrated on ceremonial sword production and so the company established its own blade etching plant. The company's first orders at this time came from the United States Navy and the United States Marine Corps.
On 1989 Hans Kolping died and left the company to his life partner, Margard Willms. Soon after the company changed ownership and Joachim Willms undertook large investments in the buildings and the equipment so as to further grow the company. In 1995 when André Willms, the current owner, joined the company.
In November 2005 the Wilkinson Sword factory of London closed. In order to facilitate production of British ceremonial swords Wilkinson held a sealed bid for its assets. WKC participated and acquired the majority of Wilkinson’s tools, spare parts and their roll forge. These items were transported to Germany and implemented in WKC's production process. This allowed the company to produce a greater number of sword types and to supply more countries.
WKC won the contract to produce the Model 2011 Swords for West Point Cadets at the United States Military Academy.
Management.
In 2001 André Willms took over majority ownership of WKC from his father Ernst Joachim Willms. He is the current Managing Director of the company.

</doc>
<doc id="19189708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189708" title="Believe in Me (Dan Fogelberg song)">
Believe in Me (Dan Fogelberg song)

"Believe in Me" is the title of a popular song from 1984 written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Dan Fogelberg. The song appears on Fogelberg's 1984 studio album "Windows and Walls".
When "Believe in Me" was recorded in May 1983, Fogelberg handled most of the musical creation himself, playing guitar and bass as well as recording his vocals; musician Mike Hanna (who played acoustic guitar on the track) was the only other performer in the studio. Fogelberg later described the song in the liner notes to a retrospective album: "One of my best love songs. Written at my old house in Nederland, Colorado, while building the ranch. Obviously, all was not well."
Released as the second single from "Windows and Walls", "Believe in Me" missed the Top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, where it peaked at #48. However, on the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart, where Fogelberg had enjoyed more consistent success, the song became his fourth #1 hit, following his earlier singles "Longer", "Leader of the Band", and "Make Love Stay".

</doc>
<doc id="19189721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189721" title="Mike Michalowicz">
Mike Michalowicz

Mike Michalowicz (born September 24, 1971) is an American author, entrepreneur, lecturer, and television personality
Michalowicz is a former monthly columnist for "The Wall Street Journal's" small-business section, and wrote the "Small Business Shortcuts" series. He is a regular contributor to "Entrepreneur Magazine" and is also a columnist for American Express's ""Open Forum"" series. He was a recurring entrepreneurship expert for CNBC's "The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch". He had over ten appearances, including the CES Roadshow series. Michalowicz has also appeared on NBC, MSNBC, Fox News, "ABC News Now", CNBC's "On the Money" and Pat Croce's "Down To Business". He is a lecturer on the subjects of entrepreneurship, sales, and behavioral marketing techniques at universities, corporations and organizations throughout the United States and Europe.
He authored the book and hosted the reality program as "Mike" Michalowicz as opposed to under his given name, Michael. According to the author's biography on the "Toilet Paper Entrepreneur" website, his last name, "Michalowicz", is pronounced as "mi-CAL-o-witz".
Philosophy.
Michalowicz has lectured at US and international universities
, keynoted corporate gatherings,
authored books, published articles for national periodicals, and made national television and
radio appearances as an expert discussing entrepreneurial concepts and
approaches he terms as a "Toilet-Paper Entrepreneur".
This name is derived from the following analogy paraphrased from Michalowicz's book:
Have you ever been in the bathroom only to realize there are a mere three sheets of toilet paper left...but
somehow, often with the help of the trashcan remnants, manage to make
it work? This is how a Toilet Paper Entrepreneur runs their
business... they make do with what they have, pull "miracles" out of
the trash and make more and more with less and less.
"The Toilet Paper Entrepreneur" philosophy is based on the notion that
not only can one start a business with fewer resources, but that
having fewer resources can actually work to your benefit
. For
example, having fewer resources can force the business to address an issue in highly innovative ways versus simply spending money blindly to solve it.
Michalowicz's writing and interview style is blunt honesty, speckled with humor. In an interview with "Inc." magazine, Michalowicz was asked, "How to balance work and family life". His response was:
"Profit First" (Book).
Releasing July 2014 by Portfolio an imprint of Penguin Group.
In the book, the author identifies the four core methods to running a profitable business, and is derived from an article he published in "The Wall Street Journal" on December 10, 2010 
"The Pumpkin Plan" (Book).
Released July 2012 by Portfolio an imprint of Penguin Group.
In the book, the author defines the seven significant milestones to growing a colossal pumpkin and how a colossal business is "grown" the same way. In the book a colossal business is defined as a niche or category leader, not necessarily on the size of revenue or number of employees. The author argues that many entrepreneurs fall into the "time for money trap" and need to change their actions from doing the work to designing how the work is done for it to grow. The entrepreneurs goal is for the business to serve them, not to have them serve the business.
"The Toilet Paper Entrepreneur" (Book).
In September 2008, Obsidian Launch released Michalowicz's book "The Toilet Paper Entrepreneur". The book has subsequently been translated into multiple foreign languages, such as Spanish, Korean, Czech, Japanese, Polish, Simplified Chinese and Russian. The irreverent book is an entertaining hard-edged read mixed with valuable business lessons from an experienced entrepreneur.
The author argues a successful entrepreneur embodies the flexibility and vision many large companies lack. Michalowicz states that hard-line traditional business planning is ineffective and often detrimental; and that successful growth of a business requires a dynamic planning method, called a 3 Sheet Strategy.
Among other growth techniques, Michalowicz argues the leap frogging strategy of significantly pushing ahead in one "area of innovation", either price, convenience or quality. Michalowicz shows examples of this, including the rise and fall of Blockbuster, Netflix and Redbox.
In "The Toilet Paper Entrepreneur", Michalowicz argues that the General Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), while a standard practice for measuring a company's P&L (profit/loss), is in fact detrimental to an entrepreneur's money management. He argues the use of a method he calls Profit First Accounting (PFA) instead of GAAP alone.
In the book, Michalowicz occasionally pulls from his own entrepreneurial background, explaining how funding actually hampered his company's growth. Ultimately it was the lack of investment funds that helped his businesses grow quickly and healthily.
Michalowicz manages a website, also called The Toilet Paper Entrepreneur, with a large volume of resources for entrepreneurs.
Provendus Group.
Michalowicz is the CEO of Provendus Group, a growth acceleration firm that helps industry underdogs overtake the industry incumbents and become the new market leaders. Michalowicz specializes in facilitating growth and organizational change by correlating internal systems and processes with individual's behavioral patterns.
"Bailout!" (reality television program).
Michalowicz is was the host of the reality television program "Bailout!" The executive producer for "Bailout!" is Wil Surratt, the former executive producer of "The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch". "Bailout!" highlights struggling entrepreneurs, and Michalowicz is given 24 hours to fix their businesses. "Bailout!" was subsequently canceled and now airs on "webisodes" through BBE distribution.
Select television appearances.
Michalowicz is a recurring, small-business expert, guest on CNBC (over 10 appearances), ABC (over 3 appearances), MSNBC (over 17 appearances), including:
Early career.
Michalowicz is a native of Boonton, NJ. He graduated from Virginia Tech with two degrees, one in finance and one in management science. He launched his first company, Olmec Systems, at the age of 24, in August 1996.
During his tenure at Olmec, he was recognized by the U.S. Small Business Administration as The Young Entrepreneur of the Year. Michalowicz completed MIT's 'Birthing of Giants' entrepreneurial program in 2003. The program is sponsored by YEO (Young Entrepreneurs Organization) and "Inc. Magazine", and is facilitated at MIT facilities by professors, lecturers and entrepreneurs.
He sold the company through a private transaction on December 31, 2002. On January 1, 2003, he launched his second company, PG Lewis & Associates (PGLA), which grew to national prominence by 2005, by completing large data forensics projects for historically significant court cases including the Enron collapse. PGLA was acquired by Protiviti, a division of Robert Half International (NYSE: RHI) on March 1, 2006. Terms were not disclosed.
Michalowicz is founder and CEO of, Provendus Group, a growth accelerator that facilitates rapid growth in early stage companies by utilizing techniques from Michalowicz's books. Provendus Group is a profit share venture firm - it does not charge a fee or take equity. The President of Provendus Group is Donna Leyens.

</doc>
<doc id="19189724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189724" title="Təzəkənd, Tartar">
Təzəkənd, Tartar

Təzəkənd, Tartar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19189749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189749" title="Ray Suen">
Ray Suen

Ray Suen (born July 5, 1985) is an American multi-instrumentalist and member of Mariachi El Bronx. He is currently touring as a member of the backing band for Childish Gambino, playing guitar, keyboards, and violin. In 2013, Suen released EP1 as his solo project, Savio Savio. 
History.
Raised in San Diego, California and classically trained, Suen began playing violin at the age of three. He served as a principal violinist with the La Jolla Symphony Orchestra and also studied jazz while earning a degree in Psychology at UCSD. He became a fixture in the San Diego music scene performing with several different area rock, folk, jazz, and world music groups.
He is a former touring member of the rock band, Louis XIV, and has appeared and recorded with numerous Southern California artists including Jason Mraz, Matt Curreri & the Exfriends, Joanie Mendenhall, and Gregory Page among others. Suen was also featured in 2007 as an occasional member of the Joe Firstman house band on "Last Call with Carson Daly".
Other artists Suen has performed with include Donald Glover, Devon Sproule and The Flaming Lips. Suen played with Sproule during a short tour in February 2009 and played percussion with The Flaming Lips on "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien" in October 2009. 
Suen appeared again with The Flaming Lips at the 2011 New Year's Eve Freakout playing harp, guitar, synth and other percussion for the first live performance of "The Soft Bulletin" album. He performed subsequent Soft Bulletin shows as well as Dark Side of the Moon shows as an auxiliary musician.
Suen joined Glover as Childish Gambino during his I Am Donald tour playing guitar, keyboard, and violin. He resumed playing with Childish Gambino during his Camp tour.
The Killers.
Upon graduation in 2007, he began his first national tour with Louis XIV opening for the Las Vegas rock band, The Killers on the last leg of their Sam's Town Tour. Suen would later join The Killers in 2008 as keyboardist, guitarist, violinist, and backup vocalist for their Day & Age World Tour and has since appeared with the band on "Saturday Night Live", "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", "Late Show with David Letterman", "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross", and "Later... with Jools Holland". Suen also appears on The Killers' first live concert DVD, "Live from the Royal Albert Hall", filmed July 2009, and on The Killers' performance on "Live from Abbey Road".
Mariachi El Bronx.
Suen met members of Mariachi El Bronx when they opened for the Killers. He began touring with them following the end of the Day and Age Tour. Subsequently, he became a member writing and contributing vihuela, jarana, guitar, violin, and vocals to the self-titled sophomore album, Mariachi El Bronx (II).

</doc>
<doc id="19189758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189758" title="Təzəkənd (40° 18' N 47° 07' E), Tartar">
Təzəkənd (40° 18' N 47° 07' E), Tartar

Təzəkənd (also, Tazakend) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19189769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189769" title="Black Lake, Saskatchewan">
Black Lake, Saskatchewan

Black Lake is a First Nations community in north-eastern Saskatchewan, Canada, located on the northwest shore of Black Lake, at a point where the Fond du Lac River leaves the lake to flow to Lake Athabasca. 
It is the main village of the Black Lake Denesuline Nation with a land base of over . Formerly, the Black Lake band used the name "Stony Rapids", which is now the name of a separate community northwest and downstream on the Fond du Lac River, not on reserve land.
Transportation.
Like nearby Stony Rapids, for most of the year Black Lake is not accessible via road from the rest of the province. There is a local secondary highway providing access between it and Stony Rapids, however, during winter a seasonal road connects the area to Saskatchewan Provincial Road 905 and points south.
The community is served by air by Black Lake Water Aerodrome, and by Stony Rapids Airport.
Black Lake Dene Nation.
Black Lake Dene Nation is a band government with territory at three locations: Chicken 224, Chicken 225 and Chicken 226. 
Black Lake First Nation had a total registered membership of 2,044 with 1,592 members residing on-reserve and 452 members residing at locations off-reserve in September, 2013. It is a member of the Prince Albert Grand Council.
Demographics.
1040 residents of Black Lake chose Dene as their mother tongue in 2011. All but 5 residents spoke English.

</doc>
<doc id="19189773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189773" title="Jubilee City">
Jubilee City

Jubilee City (2007) is the autobiography of artist Joe Andoe. Andoe relays his journey from his drug filled youth in Tulsa, Oklahoma to his success as a painter in New York City. The book unfolds in vivid snapshots of Andoe’s life, capturing the moments that fueled his art and life.
Plot.
The book begins in Andoe’s place of birth Tulsa, Oklahoma, the location of a popular department store in the 1960s, Jubilee City, from which the book takes its name. The first third of the memoir describe his childhood and teen years. Andoe presents his young self as reckless, with no attempt to control his dangerous impulses. Art is rarely mentioned, with the exception of a few pages concerning an art club at his high school. His first love, Kay will later become a major influence on his art, and be the sole human figure he will paint “ So after being in New York for twenty years, all of a sudden I had the urge to paint the human figure...They all looked alike. They were all the same girl with the round face called Kay.” 
Andoe attended college majoring in art. It is during this time that he becomes involved in a turbulent relationship, which after marriage becomes rockier still. Soon thereafter the couple moves to New York, where Andoe and his wife have a child. The wife is the primary provider for the family and Andoe assumes the role of a stay-at-home dad, though he does continue to paint. Acclaim for his artwork begins to accumulate, and with success a more stable lifestyle ensues. Soon his wife and him separate, and once again drugs and alcohol, become a major part of his life. It is during this time he lived at the Hotel Chelsea like so many fellow artists. The book ends on a slightly upward note, as Andoe learns how to better balance his life and ceases to drink.
Quote.
"I want to paint the way a smoker wants a cigarette. I never heard a smoker say, Oh, I really want to smoke but do I have to go all the way outside just to buy a pack"

</doc>
<doc id="19189794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189794" title="Fenway Sports Group">
Fenway Sports Group

Fenway Sports Group (FSG) is an American sports investment company. It is the parent company of Major League Baseball's Boston Red Sox and Premier League football club Liverpool F.C..
FSG was founded in 2001 as New England Sports Ventures when John W. Henry joined forces with Tom Werner, Les Otten, The New York Times Company and other investors to successfully bid for the Red Sox. NESV formally announced its name change to Fenway Sports Group in March 2011.
In addition to owning the Red Sox and Liverpool F.C., the Boston-based limited liability company also owns the home stadiums for both teams (Fenway Park and Anfield) and Fenway Sports Management (which in turn owns the Salem Red Sox of the Class A Carolina League, a minor league baseball franchise), plus 80 percent of the New England Sports Network and 50 percent of Roush Fenway Racing, a NASCAR team.
History.
New England Sports Ventures, LLC, was incorporated in Delaware in 2001, the company registered to do business in Massachusetts in the same year.
Properties.
Boston Red Sox.
The Boston Red Sox are a professional baseball team based in Boston, Massachusetts, and a member of the Major League Baseball’s American League Eastern Division. Founded in as one of the American League's eight charter franchises, the Red Sox's home ballpark has been Fenway Park since . The "Red Sox" name was chosen by the team owner, John I. Taylor, around , following previous Boston teams that had been known as the "Red Stockings." Boston was a dominant team in the new league, defeating the Pittsburgh Pirates in the first World Series in and winning four more championships by .
In , the Red Sox were sold by the Yawkey Trust to Fenway Sports Group. They had endured one of the longest championship droughts in baseball history, called by some the "Curse of the Bambino" after its alleged beginning with the Red Sox's sale of Babe Ruth to the rival Yankees in 1918, an 86-year wait before the team's sixth World Championship in . Red Sox history has also been marked by the team's intense rivalry with the New York Yankees, arguably the fiercest and most historic in North American professional sports. Since , the Red Sox have been perennial playoff contenders and have won three World Series, emerging as one of the most successful MLB teams of the last decade.
Fenway Park.
Fenway Park is a baseball park near Kenmore Square in Boston, Massachusetts. Located at 4 Yawkey Way, it has served as the home ballpark of the Boston Red Sox baseball club since it opened in 1912, and is the oldest Major League Baseball stadium currently in use. It is the only one of the original standard ballparks that is still in use. Considered to be one of the best-known sports venues in the world, it became the oldest venue used by a professional sports team in the United States in 1990 when Comiskey Park was demolished.
NESN.
The New England Sports Network, or NESN, is a regional cable television network that covers the six New England states except Fairfield County, Connecticut and Southbury, Connecticut, a town in New Haven County, Connecticut which is covered by New York City sports networks. Fenway Sports Group is the majority owner (80%) of NESN, with the Boston Bruins owning the remaining 20%. Although it mainly broadcasts non-national Boston Red Sox and Boston Bruins games, NESN also features minor league baseball, regional college sports including college hockey games on Friday nights, various outdoor shows, and sports talk shows featuring the sports columnists of "The Boston Globe", as that paper is also owned by John Henry.
Roush Fenway Racing.
Roush Fenway Racing (formerly Roush Racing) is a racing team competing in NASCAR racing. As one of NASCAR's largest premier racing teams, Roush runs teams in the Sprint Cup and Nationwide Series, and formerly in the Camping World Truck Series and ARCA RE/MAX Series.
Roush first entered NASCAR competition in 1988, but had competed and won championships in various drag racing and sports car racing series since the mid-1960s. The racing business was originally a small branch of co-owner Jack Roush's successful automotive engineering and road-racing equipment business based in Livonia, Michigan.
On February 14, 2007, the Fenway Sports Group, owner of the Boston Red Sox baseball team, purchased 50% of Roush Racing to create a new corporate entity, Roush Fenway Racing.
Fenway Sports Management.
Fenway Sports Management (FSM) was established by FSG in 2004. It styles itself as a "new kind of sports marketing agency," created by FSG to expand its footprint beyond its most famous holdings, the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball and Fenway Park. FSM entered into an exclusive sponsorship sales agreement with MLB Advanced Media and Boston College's major intercollegiate sports in 2004 and as of 2014 counts the Red Sox, Liverpool F.C., LeBron James, Johnny Manziel, BC, Roush Fenway Racing, MLB.com, the PGA Tour's Deutsche Bank Championship, NESN, and the Salem Red Sox among its client base.
Liverpool Football Club.
On the 6 October 2010 FSG agreed to buy English Premier League football club Liverpool F.C. from owners George N. Gillett, Jr. and Tom Hicks, after the board voted 3-2 to oust them from the club. It purchased through subsidiary, "N.E.S.V. I, LLC" (incorporated in Delaware) and UK based holding company "UKSV Holdings Company Limited"
On 15 October FSG completed the purchase of the club after several court hearings. However, previous owners Gillett and Hicks argued the purchase was illegal and vowed to take court action for damages worth £1 billion. However, according to reports on October 17, Gillett and Hicks appear to have decided not to pursue the claim. FSG visited Liverpool's home ground Anfield and training ground Melwood following their successful takeover.Liverpool FC, .
With its worldwide fan base Liverpool is one of the most successful clubs in the history of English and European football, winning eighteen English championships and a British record five European Cups. Liverpool play at the iconic Anfield stadium where matches are renowned for their great atmosphere. The club crest is the famous Liver bird, the mythical bird that is the symbol of the city of Liverpool. Liverpool’s fans are renowned for beginning every home game with their anthem ‘You'll Never Walk Alone’.
Anfield.
Anfield is an association football stadium in the district of Anfield, in Liverpool, England. Built in 1884, the stadium has been home to Liverpool F.C. since it was formed in 1892. FSG purchased Anfield along with Liverpool F.C. in October 2010.
Partners.
John W. Henry is the principal owner. No other shareholder owns more than 10%. 

</doc>
<doc id="19189814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189814" title="Daniel Seltzer">
Daniel Seltzer

Daniel Seltzer (13 February 1933 — 2 March 1980) was a professor of English at Princeton University, an actor and a Shakespearean scholar. He was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Play in 1976 for his performance in Jules Feiffer's "Knock Knock" and had a role in director Paul Mazursky's 1978 film "An Unmarried Woman" starring Jill Clayburgh.
Seltzer graduated from Princeton in 1954, received his PhD from Harvard University in 1957, and taught at Harvard from 1959 to 1971. He taught at Princeton from 1971 until his death, and was chairman of Princeton's McCarter Theatre from 1972 to 1976. He edited Robert Greene's "Friar Bacon and Friar Bungay" for the Regents Renaissance Drama Series (1963), Shakespeare's "Troilus and Cressida" for The New American Library (1963) and "" for Little Brown (1967).

</doc>
<doc id="19189826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189826" title="Ding Guan'gen">
Ding Guan'gen

Ding Guangen (; September 1929 – July 22, 2012) was a politician of the People's Republic of China and a former Minister of Railways of China.
Biography.
Ding was elevated to Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC) in 1987, and was expected to succeed more prominent posts. However, he was forced to resign due to a series of dire railway accidents in 1988. He was demoted to the vice director of National Planning Commission. Later, Ding became the director of Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council. He thus became the first politburo member, i.e., Party and nation's leader, who served as a vice Minister in the government after Cultural Revolution. Ding re-emerged in 1989 and took charge of the United Front Work Department of CPC. Since 1992, Ding had served as the head of Central Propaganda Department of CPC, responsible for ideological affairs for 10 years. He retired in 2002 due to his age. 
Ding joined the Communist Party of China in July, 1956. He graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong University and holds the title of senior engineer. 
Ding was a member of 12th, 13th,14th and 15th Central Committees of the Communist Party of China, an alternate member of 13th Politburo, and a full member of 14th and 15th Politburo. Since the 4th plenary session of 13th Central Committee, he had been elected as a secretary of Central Secretariat of CPC.
Ding died July 22, 2012, in Beijing at the age of 83. 

</doc>
<doc id="19189842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189842" title="Tiberio Murgia">
Tiberio Murgia

Tiberio Murgia (5 February 1929, Oristano – 20 August 2010, Tolfa) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in over 100 films between 1958 and 2009.
Biography.
Born into a humble family, Murgia began working as a laborer from an early age. At the age of twenty he was already a peddler for l'Unità, the newspaper of the Italian Communist Party. The managing directors of the local branch of the party recognized particular political skills in him and send him to Frattocchie, in the province of Rome, where the headquarters of the National School for the party leaders were. After his return, six months later, he became the Secretary of the Young Communist League and got married. After some time, however, Murgia began to entertain a relationship with a comrade of the party. Murgia was then expelled because of this clandestine affair -- he already married and father -- with the woman, who was also married. 
Murgia then emigrated to Marcinelle, in Belgium, a large coalmine which had several thousands of Italian workers as miners, due to the Italian Belgian Protocol of June 20th, 1946. There also Murgia established a relationship with the wife of a Belgian coworker and escaped death -- in an almost fictional way -- that fatal night of the disaster in Marcinelle, in which a gas explosion killed all the miners of his shift, including the woman's husband. As a matter of fact Murgia was on a fake sick leave from work in order to spend the night with the woman. 
Murgia returned to his hometown, Oristano, but was forced to emigrate to Rome in order to escape the wrath of the family of another young woman which he wooed despite both of them being already married. In Rome he began working as a dishwasher in a restaurant in the city center ("Il re degli Amici") until he was noticed by an assistant of the director Mario Monicelli, who invited him to the studio for an audition after which he was given the part immediately. Since originally his first movie was called "The Madame" -- before the censorship imposed the change of title to "Big Deal on Madonna Street" -- he did not even know the film in which he starred was already in the theatres. He had found himself a job at a construction site at Ponte Milvio, when the production team miraculously tracked him down to give him a contract and an advance of ten million. 
Following the success of the Monicelli's film, Murgia later acted in about 150 films, usually repeating his first character with slight variations; his films span from several masterpieces of the Commedia all'italiana to genre films, especially Italian sex comedy and musicarelli.

</doc>
<doc id="19189843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189843" title="Herbert Marshall (disambiguation)">
Herbert Marshall (disambiguation)

Herbert Marshall was an English actor.
Herbert Marshall may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19189854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189854" title="List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1973">
List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1973

List of Guggenheim fellows for 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19189856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189856" title="List of performers at the Metropolitan Opera">
List of performers at the Metropolitan Opera

This is a list of the singers, conductors, and dancers who have appeared in at least 240 performances at the Metropolitan Opera, last updated September 22, 2012. Performers are listed by the number of the performances they have appeared in as found at the Metropolitan Opera Archives. The number of performances and last performance date listed may not be current as numbers change with new productions.

</doc>
<doc id="19189862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189862" title="St. Mark's Church, Mansfield">
St. Mark's Church, Mansfield

St. Mark's Church, Mansfield is a parish church in the Church of England in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
History.
St. Mark's church was built by the architect Temple Lushington Moore and opened in 1897. It is located on Nottingham Road in Mansfield.
Stained glass.
There are two stained glass windows by Charles Eamer Kempe at the west end.
Organ.
The organ dates from 1900 by the builders Brindley & Foster of Sheffield. It was renovated by Henry Willis and Sons in 1957, and more recently by Anthony Herrod. It is to planned to have a complete re-build in 2014 by Jonathon Groves

</doc>
<doc id="19189880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189880" title="Yolla Bolly–Middle Eel Wilderness">
Yolla Bolly–Middle Eel Wilderness

The Yolla Bolly–Middle Eel Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area located west of Red Bluff in the state of California. Created by the Wilderness Act of 1964, the land area was originally .
The wilderness area was enlarged by the California Wilderness Act of 1984, and again by the Northern California Coastal Wild Heritage Wilderness Act of 2006, for a present total of .
Most of it (172,998 acres) is managed by the US Forest Service and is within several national forest boundaries which are: Mendocino, Shasta–Trinity and Six Rivers national forests. The balance of is on Bureau of Land Management land. The name is from the Wintun Native American language and means "snow-covered high peak".
Elevations range from to at Mount Linn.
History.
In 1927 Chief Forester William Greeley directed the district supervisors to study and recommend areas in the forests suitable for a new classification as "wilderness". By 1929 fourteen areas in the California Region 5 forests were proposed for this designation.
The regulations for wilderness areas, known as the L-20, became – with modifications by Secretary of Agriculture James Jardine – the management policy for these areas. The L-20 Regulations used the term "primitive areas" with the purpose stated as to:
maintain primitive conditions of environment, transportation, habitation, and subsistence with a view to conserving the value of such areas for purposes of public education and recreation.
Of the three new "primitive areas" located in northern California, the Middle Eel–Yolla Bolla Primitive Area was the largest at . The size was reduced to in 1931.
By the close of 1932 California had eighteen new primitive areas protecting .
Federal protection was given when this area became part of the National Wilderness Preservation System, created by the passage of the Wilderness Act of 1964.
Waterways.
Located mostly within the North Coast Ranges, the rugged topography of the Yolla Bolly–Middle Eel Wilderness protects headwaters of the Middle Fork of the Eel River, the North Fork of the Eel, the Mad River and the South Fork of the Trinity River. The eastern side has the watersheds of Cottonwood and Thomes Creeks, which flow into the Sacramento River. The very northern tip of the wilderness—around the summits of Black Rock Mountain and North Yolla Bolly Peak—are in the Klamath Mountains.
Both the Middle and North Forks of the Eel River have Wild and Scenic River designation, as does the South Fork of the Trinity River. Several small, shallow lakes occur in remnant glacial basins near the highest peaks. Numerous springs are found off of the main ridgetops.
Flora and fauna.
The wilderness has Coast Range and Klamath montane, mixed evergreen and Douglas fir forest types. Conifers include the California endemic foxtail pine, ponderosa pine, red and white firs, western white pine, sugar pine, incense cedar, and the rare Pacific yew. Other tree species include oaks and cottonwoods. The area includes wet meadows and open grasslands supporting abundant deer herds (as well as cattle and sheep). Lower elevations have chamise, manzanita, and ceanothus.
Wildlife in the wilderness includes bear, deer, gray fox, mountain lion, bobcat, coyote, northern flying squirrel, fisher and martin. The Northern Spotted Owl can be found here, as well as eagles, hawks, turkey vultures and smaller birds like grouse, quail, and bandtailed pigeon.
Rainbow trout live in most larger streams, such as in the South Fork of Cottonwood Creek, and in Black Rock Lake. The Middle Fork Eel River watershed has summer- and winter-run steelhead and spring-run chinook salmon, but fishing is restricted.
Geology.
Rocks in the northern mountains are predominantly gray greenstone while the southern mountains include sandstone and serpentine of the Franciscan formation. Circque basins from former glaciers are seen above about elevation. Extensive faulting in the rocks makes the region prone to erosion, slumping and landslides. One modern landslide near Ides Cove, on the north flank of Mount Linn, reached more than two miles (3 km) toward the South Fork Cottonwood Creek, upending old-growth forests and leaving large fissures on its perimeter.
Recreation.
Recreational activities include backpacking, day-hiking, camping, fishing and nature photography. There are 15 trailheads all around the wilderness boundary with the most frequent users being hunters in the autumn months. Visitor use has one of the lowest densities among wilderness areas in California.
The Ides Cove Loop Trail is over in length and travels through very scenic areas. This trailhead is also the beginning of the Bigfoot Trail. The US Forest Service encourages visitors to use Leave No Trace ethics when visiting the wilderness to minimize impact to the environment.
Access to trailheads on the northwest side of the wilderness is available by paved road from Ruth. Other roads suitable for most passenger vehicles reach the south boundary from Covelo and the east boundary from Corning or Red Bluff.

</doc>
<doc id="19189903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189903" title="2008–09 Qatar Stars League">
2008–09 Qatar Stars League

The 2008-09 Qatari League or Q-League season was the 36th edition of top level football in Qatar and started on the 13 September 2008.
The season was played in 3 stages:
The 2008-09 calendar released by the QFA saw the first phase run through September 13 till November 23 before phase two kicked off on November 27 to end on February 7, 2009. The final phase started on February 12 and conclude on April 17.
Ten teams played for the title of league champions with each outfit playing 27 matches. The last team in the standings was to be relegated until the QFA announced an expansion to the league for the following season.
The competition will be played at the seven stadiums of Al-Sadd, Al-Rayyan Sports Club, Al-Gharrafa, Al Wakrah, Al Khor, Qatar Sports Club, and Al-Arabi Sports Club.
Al-Gharrafa won the title last season after pipping powerhouse Al-Sadd into second place while Al Shamal were relegated and their place in the top division will now be taken up by Al Khuratiyat SC.
League Expansion.
The Qatar Stars League has slowly expanded since the turn of the decade, moving from 9 clubs to 10 clubs and then latest setup of 12 clubs for the "Qatari League 2009-10" campaign.
There are 2 divisions in the Qatari football structure and the league has previously seen one club promoted and relegated each year except in 'expansion' years.
It was announced on 15 April 2009 that no clubs would be relegated from the top flight in the "Qatari League 2008-09" season, due to expansion reasons. The announcement was made with only one game remaining.

</doc>
<doc id="19189914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189914" title="APGA">
APGA

APGA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19189948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189948" title="Spill pallet">
Spill pallet

A spill pallet is a bunded secondary containment item that is designed to hold containers of oil and fuels, typically in either a 205 litre drum or in an intermediate bulk container. It is called a 'secondary containment item' because it is designed to catch the leaks and spill of the container's contents which rest upon it.
The spill pallets can come in a variety of sizes to accommodate multiple containers.
UK Legislation.
In the UK, you cannot store a container of oil or fuel outside unless it is bunded in a secondary containment item (Oil Storage Regulations 2001). This means that if the container of oil leaks, it will be contained within the bund. The secondary containment item must be able to hold 110% of the largest container above.For further information on Legislation and Regulations
Therefore if a person were to try to store 4 x 205 litres drums on the sump pallet, the sump pallet must be able to hold 225.5 litres of oil.
Although there are no laws in the UK stating that a sump pallet must hold 110% of the largest container upon it, it is still considered good practice to do so.
Materials.
Sump pallets can be made in a variety of materials, but due to the nature of the oils or chemicals which will be stored upon it, they are typically made from either UV stabilised polyethylene, or steel that is galvanised for further protection from harsher chemicals.

</doc>
<doc id="19189955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189955" title="Simone Renant">
Simone Renant

Simone Renant (19 March 1911 – 29 March 2004) was a French film actress. She appeared in 43 films between 1934 and 1983. She was born in Amiens, France and died in Garches, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19189962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189962" title="Gu Sun-Geun">
Gu Sun-Geun

Gu Sun-Geun (born 19 August 1984) is a South Korean professional racing cyclist. Having finished third in the road race in the 2007 UCI B Road World Championships and second in the time trial, Gu qualified to represent her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Gu crashed in the road race when she lost control of her bike on the wet roads, bringing others down with her. She eventually found herself falling into a concrete ditch on the side of the highway but got back on her bike to finish 59th.

</doc>
<doc id="19189964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189964" title="Sarıcalı, Tartar">
Sarıcalı, Tartar

Sarıcalı, Tartar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19189970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189970" title="William Boyle Barbour">
William Boyle Barbour

William Boyle Barbour (1828 – 13 May 1891) was Scottish merchant and Liberal politician.
Career.
Born in Paisley, the son of William Barbour a former Baillie of Paisley. He was educated privately and then entered the family business assisting his father before going to Liverpool to work for the merchants, Bell and Co. He later became head of the firm Barbour, Barclay & Co. Of Liverpool and Manchester, South American merchants and lived for a time in Brazil as well as other parts of South America. He retired from business in 1874 to concentrate on politics.
Travel.
Presumably in connection with what he had experienced in his travels Barbour took part in the activities of the Royal Geographical Society. And also in 1873 he was elected a member of the Royal Society of Arts.
Politics.
In 1884 the seat of Paisley became vacant when the sitting Liberal MP, William Holms, resigned. Barbour put his hat into the ring but stood aside in favour of a stronger candidate, Stewart Clark. Clark, a local thread manufacturer, won the by-election held in February 1884 but in Sept 1885 announced he would not be standing for Parliament again citing pressure of business commitments. Barbour again put his name forward for the Liberal nomination and, although opposed by Clark’s cousin James, the local Provost, he won the selection poll on 14 Nov 1885 by 2,215 votes to Clark’s 1,463. He went on to beat his Conservative opponent Major R M McKerrell at the 1885 general election by a majority of 867 votes.
Barbour was re-elected at the 1886 general election, and held the seat until his death in 1891, aged 62.

</doc>
<doc id="19189971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19189971" title="Queen of the Jungle">
Queen of the Jungle

Queen of the Jungle (1935) is an independent film serial produced by Herman Wohl and released theatrically by Screen Attractions.
Plot.
David Worth travels into Africa to find his old friend Joan Lawrence, who disappeared in a hot air balloon as a child while the pair were with an expedition searching for radium deposits. Unknown to David, she was discovered by an African tribe and became their queen.
Production.
Most of the action footage in this serial came from the 1922 silent serial "The Jungle Goddess", with the principal actors in the new scenes made up and costumed on indoor jungle mockups to match the old outdoor footage.
Release.
Theatrical.
Screen Attractions released "Queen of the Jungle" in 1935 as both a 12-chapter serial and a 65-min feature film.
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19190000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190000" title="Sarıcalı (40° 06' N 47° 03' E), Tartar">
Sarıcalı (40° 06' N 47° 03' E), Tartar

Sarıcalı (also, Sarydzhaly) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19190019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190019" title="Morro Creek">
Morro Creek

Morro Creek is a coastal stream in San Luis Obispo County, central region of the U.S. state of California. The watercourse flows from the Santa Lucia Mountains to discharge into the Pacific Ocean, at its mouth on Estero Bay, near the city of Morro Bay.
Natural history.
The creek is in the coastal sage and chaparral section of the California chaparral and woodlands Ecoregion. Historically this watershed had habitats containing considerable amounts of chaparral, and scarce Oak woodlands, and Grey Pine ("Pinus sabiniana") trees.
Cultural history.
The lower reaches of Morro Creek were used as a significant settlement of the Chumash tribe since at least the Millingstone Horizon.
There is also incidence of historic mining of chromium within the catchment basin. It was used extensively for grazing by the cattle ranches.

</doc>
<doc id="19190022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190022" title="Teng Daiyuan">
Teng Daiyuan

Teng Daiyuan (; November 2, 1904 - December 1, 1974) was a military leader of the People's Liberation Army, a senior leader of the Communist Party of China, and a politician of the People's Republic of China.
Teng belonged to Miao people and was born in Mayang, Hunan. 
After formation of the People's Republic of China, Teng served as the first Minister of Railways. He was persecuted in the Cultural Revolution and died on December 1, 1974 in Beijing, at the age of 70.
Teng was the founder of railway infrastructure and the railway army of PRC. 

</doc>
<doc id="19190023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190023" title="St. Alban's Church, Forest Town">
St. Alban's Church, Forest Town

St. Alban's Church, Forest Town is a parish church in the Church of England in Forest Town, Nottinghamshire.
History.
St. Alban's Church was built by the architect Louis Ambler. The foundation stone was laid by the William Cavendish-Bentinck, 6th Duke of Portland in 1910 and the church was consecrated by the Bishop of Southwell, Sir Edwyn Hoskyns, on 2 July 1911.
The north aisle was added in 1937. After a major fire in 1968, a restoration was carried out and the church re-opened in 1969.
Stained glass.
There is a new east window installed in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19190036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190036" title="Moscow State Aviation Technological University">
Moscow State Aviation Technological University

Moscow State Aviation Technological University is a university in Moscow, Russia. The modern name of this university is «MATI» - Russian State University of Aviation Technology (). It is named after the Russian aeronautics and rocketry pioneer Konstantin Eduardovich Tsiolkovskii.
History.
The University chronicle starts in 1932 with the foundation of Dirigible Engineering Educational Center attached to Civil Air Fleet (CAF) Ministry by joining Aircraft School of Leningrad Institute of CAF Engineers and Moscow Aviation Institute. In 1939 the Center was reorganized into Moscow Institute of CAF Engineers and named after K.E. Tsiolkovsky.
Konstantin Eduardovitch Tsiolkovsky (1857–1935) was a great Russian scientist and inventor in the field of aerodynamics, aerospace engineering and the theory of aircraft, rockets and dirigible. He was a founder of contemporary astronautics. For the first time in the old-age Mankind's history K.Tsiolkovsky substantiated the possibility of applying rockets for interplanetary communications, showed the reasonable and rational ways of advancing astronautics and rocketry, made solutions of a number of important engineering problems in rocket designing and liquid fuel jet engines. So, Institute had honestly been credited to bear his name. On June 17, 1940 Moscow Institute of Aviation Technology (or shortly MATI) was established on the basis of the later. MATI attained the University status and name Moscow State Aviation Technology Institute - Russian State Technological University in 1992 - recognition of both the scale and quality of its courses.
Today the University is one of the leading Russian technical universities where highly skilled experts in the field of advanced materials and high technologies are trained. Among the University teaching staff there are Academicians of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Russian Engineering Academy, Russian Academy of Technological Sciences and Russian Academy of Natural Sciences. About 260 Professors and Doctors of Sciences as well as more than 700 associate professors and Ph.D. scientists work at the University. University realizes the training according to the 24 specialties of higher professional education and trains researchers according to the 28 scientific specialties, carries out retraining of the specialists from industry and raising the level of their skill according to the various programs.
Only in 1991 MATI was opened for the foreign students. Now more than 200 students from Great Britain, USA, Germany, South Korea, Turkey, India, Nepal, Kenya, Morocco, Oman, China, Iran and some other countries are studying at University. University takes part in various international projects, carries out a student and scientific exchange with the universities of the USA, Great Britain, Taiwan, China, South Korea and etc.
Cooperation with Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center.
Cooperation of MATI and Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center (Khrunichev Space R&D Center - is a leader of national space industry) in the field of training of the specialists for aerospace industry, as well as scientific and research cooperation in development of new technology for space exploration has resulted in establishing MATI’s branch at Khrunichev Space R&D Center. This MATI’s branch has received name «Aerospace University for Specialized Training». The main goal for establishing of Aerospace University was specialized training of the specialists in the field of development and production of advanced aerospace technology using for this aim teaching, scientific and production experience of MATI and Khrunichev Space R&D Center.
The main fields of Aerospace University activity are the following:
short-term educational programs for foreign specialists from aerospace industry (similar program MATI in cooperation with Khrunichev Space R&D Center is carrying on in the frame of the Russian-Britain Project for additional training of the students and specialists in aerospace technologies).
Practical training and research straight at the real working places and Centre’s research labs allow to expand an engineering outlook of the students and to familiarize them with the urgent problems, which exist in aerospace industry.
University Structure.
There are seven main faculties in the University:

</doc>
<doc id="19190045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190045" title="Wycliffe and the Quiet Virgin">
Wycliffe and the Quiet Virgin

Wycliffe and the Quiet Virgin (1986) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley featuring his series detective, Charles Wycliffe.
Synopsis.
With his wife away for Christmas, Wycliffe readily accepts an invitation to stay with a Penzance lawyer and his family in their remote country home; although when he arrives he finds the atmosphere less than welcoming, and the unease soon culminates in the disappearance of a young girl, whom he had seen playing the Virgin Mary in a recent nativity play. 
He soon discovers that the missing youth was unpopular in her local community, and even her parents seem indifferent about the whole affair. Nevertheless, the detective leads a mass search for her and is soon caught up in a major criminal investigation...

</doc>
<doc id="19190048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190048" title="KLCW">
KLCW

KLCW may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19190052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190052" title="Roger Dumas">
Roger Dumas

Roger Dumas (born 9 May 1932) is a French film actor. He has appeared in over 100 films since 1954. He was born in Annonay, Ardèche.

</doc>
<doc id="19190058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190058" title="Sarıcalı, Agdam">
Sarıcalı, Agdam

Sarıcalı (also, Indzhilli Sarydzhaly and Sarydzhaly) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,848. 

</doc>
<doc id="19190060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190060" title="Dowayne Davis">
Dowayne Davis

Dowayne D. Davis (born March 9, 1986 in Jamaica) is an American football safety who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Syracuse.
Davis has also been a member of the Kansas City Chiefs and Detroit Lions.
Early years.
Davis was born in Kingston, Jamaica, and moved to the United States at age 10. He began playing football while attending high school in New York City. He played high school football as a linebacker and running back at Christopher Columbus High School in The Bronx.
Syracuse University.
Davis enrolled at Syracuse University in 2004. He played college football at Syracuse from 2004 to 2007. He started 35 consecutive games and totaled 216 tackles for the Orangemen to rank 10th all-time in career tackles by a defensive back at Syracuse. As a sophomore in 2005, Davis was moved to the strong safety position. Davis was a starter at the strong safety position for Syracuse in 2005 and 2006, but he was switched to the cornerback position for the 2007 season. In January 2008, Davis was honored by the Central New York Chapter of the National Football Foundation as the Scholar Athlete of the Year. He was also selected to the Big East Conference All-Academic Team.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Not selected in the 2008 NFL Draft, Davis entered the NFL by signing with the Dallas Cowboys on May 1, 2008. He was waived by the Cowboys on August 30 during final cuts.
Kansas City Chiefs.
On September 3, 2008, Davis was added to the practice squad of the Kansas City Chiefs. He was released on September 25.
Detroit Lions.
Davis was signed to the practice squad of the Detroit Lions on December 16, 2008. Following the season, he was re-signed to a future contract on December 29. The Lions released Davis (by request) on April 16.

</doc>
<doc id="19190065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190065" title="List of Sephardi chief rabbis of the Land of Israel">
List of Sephardi chief rabbis of the Land of Israel

This list of Sephardi chief rabbis of the Land of Israel documents the rabbis who served as the spiritual leader of the Sephardic community in the Land of Israel from the mid 17th-century to present. The Hebrew title for the position, Rishon le-Zion, (lit. "First to Zion"), has been used since the beginning of the 17th-century, and is sourced from a verse in Isaiah 41:27.

</doc>
<doc id="19190070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190070" title="Santa Barbara School of the Arts">
Santa Barbara School of the Arts

Santa Barbara School of the Arts was a college of art founded in Santa Barbara, California, by artist Fernand Lungren (1857–1932) in 1920. It closed in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="19190081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190081" title="The Other Side (Wynonna Judd album)">
The Other Side (Wynonna Judd album)

The Other Side is the fourth studio album released by American country music artist Wynonna Judd, released in 1997 on Curb Records in association with Universal Records. The album, which was certified gold by the RIAA, produced three chart singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles and Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts: "When Love Starts Talkin'", "Come Some Rainy Day" and "Always Will" respectively reached #13, #14 and #45. A fourth single, "Love Like That", failed to chart. The album also includes "We Can't Unmake Love", a duet with John Berry, which was also included on Berry's 2000 "Greatest Hits" album.

</doc>
<doc id="19190098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190098" title="Kəbirli">
Kəbirli

Kəbirli or Kebirli or Kyabirli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19190100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190100" title="ShelterBox">
ShelterBox

ShelterBox is an international disaster relief charity that provides temporary shelter and life saving supplies to displaced families.
Founded in 2000, it has responded to just under 200 natural or man-made disasters in 75 countries, supplying aid to more than 600,000 people, and delivers emergency shelter and warmth to people made homeless worldwide.
The contents of a ShelterBox are tailored to the nature and location of the disaster.
Each ShelterBox typically contains a tent designed to withstand extreme weather conditions, water purification kit, blankets, tools, and other necessities to help a family survive after a disaster.
ShelterBox Response Teams distribute boxes on the ground, working closely with local organisations, international aid agencies and Rotary clubs worldwide.
History.
ShelterBox was founded by Sir Tom Henderson, OBE, a Rotarian and former Royal Navy search and rescue diver, in the Cornish town of Helston.
He saw the humanitarian response in most disasters was in the form of food and medicine. Little or no assistance was being given in terms of safe, secure shelter to help families survive the first days, weeks and months as they rebuild their lives. ShelterBox was created to fill this void.
The first consignment of 143 boxes was sent to earthquake victims of the 2001 Gujarat earthquake. Over the next three years the project matured and by the end of 2004 nearly 2,600 boxes had been dispatched, following 16 major disasters. The company significantly expanded its work in response to the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami.
Since 2000, the charity has responded to just under 200 natural or man-made disasters in 75 different countries.
In 2010, the Australian and Canadian branches of ShelterBox split from the main organization and formed new organizations called Disaster Aid Australia and Disaster Aid Canada, respectively.
However, new teams in Australia and Canada were immediately put in place and the charity's work was unaffected by the breakaway groups.
Currently, ShelterBox has branches in the United States, France, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Belgium, The Netherlands, Denmark, Norway, Luxemburg, Germany, Poland, Switzerland, South Africa, Indonesia and the Philippines, along with a branch associated with the Scouts.
After the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami in Japan, ShelterBox provided assistance to about 1,600 families in the disaster region.
In August 2012, the Board of Directors of ShelterBox removed Tom Henderson as CEO, stating it was a unanimous decision. In February 2013, Alison Wallace was appointed CEO of ShelterBox after her position as director of international fundraising at Amnesty International.
Responding to disasters.
ShelterBox has tracking systems to monitor weather systems around the globe and anticipate the likely scale of hurricanes and cyclones. In addition, an earthquake alert system gives immediate notice of any seismic activity that could result in a humanitarian disaster. ShelterBox has strong relationships with international aid agencies and Rotary clubs worldwide who also relay information when they become aware of an urgent need for shelter.
ShelterBox aims to get the first shipment of boxes dispatched to a disaster area within 2–3 days where a ShelterBox Response Team (SRT) meets it. ShelterBox tries to get to the disaster as quickly as possible and aims to be one of the first organizations on the ground.
Funding.
ShelterBox relies entirely on donations to make their work possible. About half of the funds come direct from the UK public, the rest is raised by international affiliates.
ShelterBox has also recently joined a network of experts who can be called on by the UK Government in times of international crisis, such as famine, floods and earthquakes. The new facility allows organisations with experience in disaster response to access funding within hours, thereby reaching affected people faster and saving more lives. It will mean the best organisations from across the UK can be mobilised in the critical first 72 hours following a disaster.
Public donations continue to be of vital importance to ShelterBox as the new Rapid Response Fund will only be activated in the event of a large-scale crisis.
Patrons.
In August 2007 HRH The Duchess of Cornwall became the charity’s President and Royal Patron, following her visit to the Helston HQ that summer.
Links with other organisations.
Rotary International.
Rotary International signed an agreement with ShelterBox in March 2012 which increases their joint capacity to help families around the world displaced by disaster.
The agreement formalises the twelve-year bond between the two organisations and cements the place of Rotarians around the world at the heart of ShelterBox activities. It is the first time that any organisation has become an officially recognised ‘Project Partner’ of Rotary International.
Rotary clubs across Great Britain and Ireland raise around £1.5 million each year for the charity and some Rotarians are ShelterBox Response Team members who go out to disaster areas and provide hands-on help during times of need. These disasters can be anything from dealing with the aftermath of tsunamis to helping refugees from war-torn countries who have fled conflict.
ShelterBox was founded by Rotarian Tom Henderson OBE in 2000 as a Rotary Club Millennium Project of the Rotary Club of Helston-Lizard in Cornwall, UK. It has since become one of the world’s leading humanitarian aid charities providing emergency shelter and supplies to over 107,000 families worldwide following disaster.
The Scouts.
In May 2009 ShelterBox launched an official partnership with The Scout Association. This relationship offers the opportunity to engage scouts with worldwide issues such as natural disasters, man-made conflict and humanitarian aid, encouraging groups to contribute positively to a global society. For example, Scout groups joined the ShelterBox organization in its response to the 2009 L'Aquila earthquake in Italy, as well as the violent protests in east Kenya in 2008. In August 2011, at the World Scout Jamboree held at Rinkaby/Kristianstad, Sweden, ShelterBox France entered into an official partnership with the Scouts et Guides de France.

</doc>
<doc id="19190116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190116" title="V538 Aurigae">
V538 Aurigae

V538 Aurigae is a star in the northern constellation of Auriga. With an apparent visual magnitude of 6.23, this star requires good dark sky conditions to view with the naked eye. It is located at a distance of 39.9 light-years (12.2 parsecs) from Earth.
This is a BY Draconis variable, which means it undergoes changes in luminosity because regions of pronounced surface magnetic activity are moved into and out of the line of sight from the Earth as the star rotates (once every 11 days). It has a spectral class of K1 V, indicating that it is a K-type main sequence star.

</doc>
<doc id="19190123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190123" title="New Day Dawning">
New Day Dawning

New Day Dawning may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19190134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190134" title="André Luguet">
André Luguet

André Luguet (15 May 1892 – 24 May 1979) was a French stage and film actor. He appeared in over 120 films between 1910 and 1970.
He was born in Fontenay-sous-Bois, France and died in Cannes, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19190150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190150" title="Mount Lookout, West Virginia">
Mount Lookout, West Virginia

Mt. Lookout is a small unincorporated community in Nicholas County, West Virginia, United States, 10 miles (16 km) south of Summersville.
Mount Lookout is located at (38.1667776, -80.9117644). It lies 1,965 feet (599 m) above sea level.
Mount Lookout has a post office with the ZIP Code 26678. Post Office Box service is available as well as highway contract street delivery.
Mount Lookout has (1) elementary school, Mt. Lookout Elementary, as well as a Head Start Program. There is (1) small general store, Kountry Mart, selling sodas, bread, snacks, etc. The area is served by the Wilderness Volunteer Fire Department. There is one Baptist church, Mt. Pleasant Missionary Baptist Church. There is a Kingdom Hall of Jehovah's Witnesses. There are a handful of vehicle mechanics in the community.
Mount Lookout is divided in half by US Route 19. The school, fire department, and the Kingdom Hall are on the eastern side of the highway while the Baptist church, Post Office, and Kountry Mart are on the western side of the highway. The southern portion of the community is bordered by the Meadow River while the Summersville Lake recreational area is just north of the community.

</doc>
<doc id="19190153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190153" title="Effects of Tropical Storm Allison in Texas">
Effects of Tropical Storm Allison in Texas

The effects of Tropical Storm Allison in Texas included 23 deaths caused by extreme flooding. The first storm of the 2001 Atlantic hurricane season, Tropical Storm Allison lasted unusually long for a June storm, remaining tropical or subtropical for 15 days. The storm developed from a tropical wave in the northern Gulf of Mexico on June 4, 2001, and struck the northern Texas coast shortly thereafter. It drifted northward through the state, turned back to the south, and re-entered the Gulf of Mexico. The storm continued to the east-northeast, made landfall on Louisiana, then moved across the southeast United States and Mid-Atlantic. Allison was the first storm since Tropical Storm Frances in 1998 to strike the northern Texas coastline.
Tropical Storm Allison was a major flood disaster throughout its path from Texas to the Mid-Atlantic. The worst of the flooding occurred in Houston, Texas, where over 35 inches (890 mm) of rain fell. Allison killed 41 people, of which 27 drowned. The storm also caused over $5 billion in damage (2001 USD, $6.4 billion 2007 USD), making Allison the deadliest and costliest tropical storm on record in the United States.
Preparations.
After the storm made landfall, flash flood watches and warnings were issued for numerous areas in eastern Texas. Travel was discouraged due to the threat of flash flood. During the flood event, the National Weather Service in Houston issued 99 flash flood warnings with an average lead time of 40 minutes; only nine warnings were false alarms.
Shortly after the storm formed, officials in Galveston County, Texas issued a voluntary evacuation for the western end of Galveston Island, as the area was not protected by the Galveston Seawall. The ferry from the island to the Bolivar Peninsula was closed, while voluntary evacuations were issued in Surfside in Brazoria County. Voluntary evacuations were also suggested near Sabine Pass in Jefferson County, Texas, though few left. Also, when the National Hurricane Center issued the first advisory on Allison, officials issued Tropical Storm Warnings from Sargent, Texas to Morgan City, Louisiana, just three hours before tropical storm winds were observed.
Impact.
Allison made landfall with a storm surge of two to three feet. Combined with waves on top, areas of Galveston Island experienced a wall of water 8 feet (2.5 m) in height, creating overwash along the coastline. The storm caused winds of up to 43 mph (69 km/h) at the Galveston Pier. While Allison was stalling over Texas, it dropped heavy rainfall across the state, including 9.77 inches (248 mm) in Galveston, 12.13 inches (308 mm) in Jamaica Beach, Texas, and other similar totals along the coast. Minimal beach erosion was reported, and impact was minimal near the coast. While moving northward through Texas as a minimal tropical depression, Allison produced minor wind gusts. Shortly after making landfall, the storm spawned a tornado in Manvel of Brazoria County, causing damage to one home. Within hours of making landfall, rainfall totals of 8 to 12 inches (200 to 300 mm) were common in Galveston and Harris County. Flash flooding continued for days, with rainfall amounts across the state peaking at just over 40 inches (1,033 mm) in northwestern Jefferson County. In the Port of Houston, a total of 36.99 inches (940 mm) was reported.
Houston experienced torrential rainfall in a short amount of time. At one site, 6.3 inches (160 mm) fell in just one hour, while 28.5 inches (724 mm) fell in only 12 hours. The six-day rainfall in Houston amounted to 38.6 inches (980 mm). Two-thirds of the bayous and creeks in Harris County experienced 500-year flood events. Houston Intercontinental Airport, which typically receives 46.07 inches (1170 mm) of rain in a year, experienced 35.7% of its expected total in the first nine days of June.
The deluge flooded 95,000 automobiles and 73,000 houses throughout Harris County. Tropical Storm Allison destroyed 2,744 homes, leaving 30,000 homeless with residential damages totaling to $1.76 billion (2001 USD, $2.05 billion 2007 USD). Residential neighborhoods inside and to the north of Interstate 610 were hardest hit. Additionally, five of the six bayou systems in downtown Houston were severely flooded. Four of them broke 100-year high-water records, causing excessive surface run-off.
Several hospitals in the Texas Medical Center, the largest medical complex in the world, experienced severe damage from the storm, which hit quickly and with unexpected fury on a Friday evening. Hospital personnel were forced to evacuate thousands of patients in a major effort that included Coast Guard and Army helicopters. Many of the hospitals had lost all power, including back-up generators, meaning that patients had to be carried down dark stairwells by the staff in temperatures over . Patients who could not breathe on their own had to be continuously hand-pumped during the evacuation, which lasted hours. Most hospitals lost power and backup power when basements, the area where power and research data were kept, flooded. The Baylor College of Medicine experienced major damage, totaling $495 million (2001 USD, $577 million 2007 USD). The medical school lost 90,000 research animals, 60,000 tumor samples, and 25 years of research data. The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, across the street, lost thousands of laboratory animals, including expensive genetic-specific mice. Decades of research was lost, including, for many scientists, their life's work. The UT-Houston gross anatomy lab, cyclotron, and other important facilities were completely destroyed. Throughout the Medical Center, damage totaled to over $2 billion (2001 USD, $2.3 billion 2007 USD). Most were reopened after a month, though it took much longer to become fully operational.
The storm flooded the lower level of the massive law library at the University of Houston Law Center with eight feet of water. An estimated 174,000 books and the microfiche collection were destroyed. The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) gave $21.4 million to rebuild the law library collection.
The underground tunnel system, which connects most large office buildings in downtown Houston, was submerged, as were many streets and parking garages adjacent to Buffalo Bayou. In the Houston Theater District, also near Buffalo Bayou in the northern part of downtown, the Houston Ballet, Houston Symphony, Houston Grand Opera, and Alley Theater lost millions of dollars' worth of costumes, musical instruments, sheet music, archives, props, and other artifacts.
Local television stations ran all-night coverage of the deluge from June 8 through the next day, including KHOU-TV 11, which was forced to transmit its broadcast to a satellite truck when floodwaters entered its production studio on the Allen Parkway near Studemont/Montrose, near downtown along the banks of Buffalo Bayou. By midnight on June 9 nearly every freeway and major road in the city was under several feet of water, forcing hundreds of motorists to abandon their vehicles for higher ground. Eighteen-wheeled trucks were filmed floating down major freeways and highways, swept along by floodwaters.
Despite massive flooding and damage to entire neighborhoods, there were no drowning deaths in flooded homes. In the area, there were 12 deaths from driving, 6 from walking, 3 from electrocution, and 1 in an elevator. Elsewhere in Texas, a man drowned when swimming in a ditch in Mauriceville. Damage totaled to $5.2 billion (2001 USD, $6 billion 2007 USD) throughout Texas.
Though Allison's flooding was extreme, it was not unprecedented. Tropical Storm Amelia in 1978 dropped over 46 inches (1170 mm) of rainfall in Bluff, Texas, which remains the record highest rainfall for a single storm in the state of Texas. In addition, Tropical Storm Claudette in 1979 and a hurricane in 1921 produced rainfall totals of over 40 inches (1015 mm).
Aftermath.
Within weeks of the disaster, President George W. Bush declared 28 counties in Texas as disaster areas. The declarations allowed affected citizens to receive aid for temporary housing, emergency home repairs, and other serious disaster-related expenses. The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) also provided 75% for the cost of debris removal, emergency services related to the disaster, and repairing or replacing damaged public facilities, such as roads, bridges and utilities.
A few weeks after Allison, FEMA opened six disaster recovery centers across southeast Texas, which provided recovery information to those who applied for disaster assistance. The American Red Cross and the Salvation Army opened 48 shelters at the peak of need for people driven from their homes, which served nearly 300,000 meals. After the extensive damage to Houston hospitals, the U. S. Public Health Service team set up a temporary hospital at the Houston Police Academy. The team of 87 medical personnel served over 1,000 patients within two weeks of Allison's passage. Similarly, the National Disaster Medical System deployed a temporary hospital to Houston with 88 professionals, aiding nearly 500 people. Debris removal, which was initially slow, was aided by FEMA to expedite the removal process. FEMA provided 75% of the federal cost of the removal. Thirty-five volunteer services provided aid for the flood victims in Texas, including food, clothing, and volunteers to help repair the houses.
After nearly 50,000 cars were flooded and ruined, many people attempted to sell the cars across the country without telling of the car's history. Following the extreme flooding, a mosquito outbreak occurred, though FEMA provided aid to control the problem. Health officials also recommended disinfecting private wells with bleach, due to possible contamination from the severe flooding. Many people took advantage of the flood victims, including fraudulent contractors and suppliers raising the price of goods more than is actually justified.
By six months after the storm, around 120,000 Texas citizens applied for federal disaster aid, totaling to $1.05 billion (2001 USD, $1.22 billion 2007 USD). Of that amount, 17% of that was spent for temporary housing. In addition, Disaster Unemployment Assistance totaled to just under $1 million, while business loans totaled to $389 million (2001 USD, $454 million 2007 USD).

</doc>
<doc id="19190191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190191" title="Assigned amount units">
Assigned amount units

An Assigned Amount Unit (AAU) is a tradable 'Kyoto unit' or 'carbon credit' representing an allowance to emit greenhouse gases comprising one metric tonne of carbon dioxide equivalents calculated using their Global Warming Potential.
The "assigned amounts" are the Kyoto Protocol Annex B emission targets (or "quantified emission limitation and reduction objectives") expressed as levels of allowed emissions over the 2008-2012 commitment period.
Application.
Article 17 of the Kyoto Protocol allows emissions trading between Annex B Parties (countries). Parties that have "assigned amount units" to spare because of reductions in emissions below their Kyoto commitment set out in Article 3 and Annex B may sell those units to countries that have emissions exceeding their targets. Article 17 also requires that any such emissions trading shall be supplemental to domestic action for the purpose of meeting quantified emission limitation and reduction commitments (QELRCs).

</doc>
<doc id="19190199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190199" title="Geoff Barrowcliffe">
Geoff Barrowcliffe

Geoff Barrowcliffe (18 October 1931 – 26 September 2009) was a professional footballer who played as a fullback in The Football League for Derby County, and also played for several non-league clubs.
Barrowcliffe began his career at non-league Ilkeston Town, before being signed by Derby in October 1950. He spent the next 16 years at the Baseball Ground, and played 475 league games for the Rams. He also scored 37 goals for the club, most of them from the penalty spot. He left Derby at the end of the 1965–66, and joined Boston United, where he played 41 games and scored 11 goals. He later played for Heanor Town, Moor Green Colliery, Kimberley Town and Long Eaton United and managed Kimberley Town and Radford.
Barrowcliffe died in Ilkeston on 26 September 2009, a few weeks before his 78th birthday. He had been suffering from Alzheimer's disease. Minute silences were observed before both Derby County's Championship game against Sheffield Wednesday on October 3 and a friendly between Derby and Ilkeston Town on October 5.

</doc>
<doc id="19190213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190213" title="USNS American Explorer (T-AOT-165)">
USNS American Explorer (T-AOT-165)

USNS "American Explorer" (T-AOT-165) was a tanker built for the United States Military Sea Transport Service. The tanker was built by Ingalls SB of Mississippi in 1958, and at the time her keel was laid was intended to be the world's first nuclear-powered tanker, but was completed with a conventional steam power plant. The ship was transferred to the US Maritime Administration in 1984 and was part of the US Reserve Fleet, Beaumont Reserve Fleet, Texas. The "Explorer" was sold for scrap on July 8, 2008 to the Southern Scrap Metal Corporation in New Orleans, Louisiana.
On August 13, two weeks before Hurricane Gustav struck the Southeastern Louisiana coastline, the tanker was moved to New Orleans' Industrial Canal.
Adrift during Hurricane Gustav.
During the night of August 31/September 1, 2008, as Hurricane Gustav approached the coast of Louisiana, two clusters (Export Courier) of ships were dislodged from their moorings and broke free. "American Explorer" was shown in video coverage to be one of two military vessels (along with the former US Navy submarine tender ) that ran into the Florida Avenue Bridge.
Another naval ship, the former US Navy cargo ship , and two barges were involved in separate incidents at the Almonaster rail bridge and a nearby pump station. As a consequence of these events, "all vessels to be removed from the Industrial Canal in advance of gale-force wind conditions", and Southern Scrap Metal Corporation was told to remove all floating vessels for the duration of the
2008 season. A US Coast Guard Investigation has been launched into the corporation's activities prior to Gustav.

</doc>
<doc id="19190217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190217" title="Critical illness-related corticosteroid insufficiency">
Critical illness-related corticosteroid insufficiency

Critical illness-related corticosteroid insufficiency (CIRCI) is a form of adrenal insufficiency in critically ill patients who have blood corticosteroid levels which are inadequate for the severe stress response they experience. Combined with decreased glucocorticoid receptor sensitivity and tissue response to corticosteroids, this adrenal insufficiency constitutes a negative prognostic factor for intensive care patients.
The hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis (HPA axis), in which the hypothalamus and pituitary gland control adrenal secretions, undergoes profound changes during critical illness. Both very high and very low levels of cortisol have been linked to a poor outcome in intensive care patients. It has been suggested that high levels could represent severe stress, whereas low levels are due to blunted cortisol production and response.
CIRCI can be suspected in patients with low blood pressure despite resuscitation with intravenous fluids and vasopressor drugs. The Surviving Sepsis Campaign guidelines advocate intravenous hydrocortisone only in adults with septic shock and refractory hypotension. The exact definition of this condition, the best ways to test for corticoid insufficiency in critically ill patients, and the therapeutic use of (usually low doses) of corticosteroids remains a subject of debate.
Symptoms.
The best known feature that suggests a possible underlying adrenal insufficiency is low blood pressure despite resuscitation with intravenous fluids, requiring vasopressor drugs. These patients typically display tachycardia and other signs of hyperdynamic shock. Other symptoms include fever, purpura fulminans, and gastrointestinal or neurological disturbances. All these features are relatively non-specific in intensive care patients.
In some patients a specific reason for adrenal insufficiency can be suspected, such as prior intake of corticosteroids that suppressed the HPA axis, or use of enzyme inducing drugs such as phenytoin. Treatment with imidazole drugs such as etomidate, ketoconazole and miconazole can also suppress the HPA axis, as well as drugs used specifically for this purpose, such as metyrapone.
Several blood test abnormalities can suggest corticosteroid insufficiency, such as hypoglycaemia, hyponatremia, hyperkalemia, hypercalcemia, neutropenia, eosinophilia, hyperprolactinemia and hypothyroidism.
Diagnosis.
The exact diagnostic tests and cut-off values to diagnose critical illness-related corticosteroid insufficiency are not agreed upon. This also applies to the distinction between absolute and relative adrenal insufficiency, a reason why the term critical illness–related corticosteroid insufficiency is preferred to relative adrenal insufficiency. The variation in cortisol levels according to disease type and severity, as well as variation within the same patient, hampers the establishment of a clear threshold below which CIRCI occurs. Moreover, in patients whose adrenals are already maximally stimulated, a stimulation test would not be informative. Furthermore, a short test might not adequately assess response to the chronic stress of critical illness.
Both random total cortisol levels, total cortisol levels or increment after ACTH stimulation tests, free cortisol levels, or a combination of these have been proposed as diagnostic tests. Other stimulation tests for adrenal insufficiency which are used in non-critical patients, such as the test using metyrapone or a test which employs insulin to induce hypoglycemia, are not preferred for CIRCI. Both a metyrapone-induced decrease in cortisol and hypoglycemia are potentially harmful to intensive care patients. The exact dose of ACTH remains a matter of debate. In the CORTICUS study, ACTH stimulation testing predicted mortality whereas baseline cortisol levels did not. However, possible benefits of corticosteroid therapy do not seem to be completely predicted by ACTH stimulation testing. For these reasons, guidelines currently do not recommend that ACTH stimulation testing should guide the decision whether or not to administer corticosteroids. Cortisol immunoassays on the other hand have been shown to be prone to both over- and underestimation.
Treatment.
In adults with septic shock and refractory hypotension despite resuscitation with intravenous fluids and vasopressors, hydrocortisone is the preferred corticosteroid. It can be divided in several doses or administered as a continuous infusion. Fludrocortisone is optional in CIRCI, and dexamethasone is not recommended. Little evidence is available to judge when and how corticosteroid therapy should be stopped; guidelines recommend tapering corticosteroids when vasopressors are no longer needed.
Corticosteroid treatment has also been suggested as an early treatment option in patient with acute respiratory distress syndrome. Steroids have not been shown beneficial for sepsis alone. Historically, higher doses of steroids were given, but these have been suggested to be harmful compared to the lower doses which are advocated today.
In the CORTICUS study, hydrocortisone hastened the reversal of septic shock, but did not influence mortality, with an increased occurrence of septic shock relapse and hypernatremia. The latter findings tempered enthusiasm for the broad use of hydrocortisone in septic shock. Prior to this study, several other smaller studies showed beneficial effects of long courses of low doses of corticoid. Several factors (such as lack of statistical power due to slow recruitment) could have led a false-negative finding on mortality in the CORTICUS study; thus, more research is needed.
Physiology.
In acute states of severe stress, cortisol secretion by the adrenal gland increases up to sixfold, parallel to the severity of the condition. This is partly due to an increased secretion of corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH) and adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH). Several cytokines have been also shown to interfere with the HPA axis at multiple levels.
There is also an increase in the number and affinity of glucocorticoid receptors. Levels of corticosteroid-binding globulin (CBG) and albumin, which normally bind cortisol, are decreased, resulting in increased levels of free cortisol. Furthermore, anaesthesia drugs like etomidate could interfere with the HPA axis.
The secretion also loses its normal diurnal pattern of morning peak levels and evening and night time troughs. Nevertheless, secretion remains pulsatile and there is a marked variation in blood samples from the same individual.
High blood levels of cortisol during critical illness could theoretically be protective because of several reasons. They modulate metabolism (for example, by inducing high blood sugar levels, thereby providing energy to the body). They also suppress excessive immune system activation and exert supporting effects on the circulatory system. Increased susceptibility to infections, hyperglycemia (in patients already prone to stress hyperglycemia), gastrointestinal bleeding, electrolyte disturbances and steroid-induced myopathy (in patients already prone to critical illness polyneuropathy) are possible harmful effects.
Blood levels of dehydroepiandrosterone increase, and levels of dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate decrease in response to critical illness.
In the chronic phase of severe illness, cortisol levels decrease slowly and return to normal when the patient recovers. ACTH levels are however low, and CBG levels increase.

</doc>
<doc id="19190224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190224" title="Wycliffe and the Beales">
Wycliffe and the Beales

Wycliffe and the Beales (1983) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley featuring his series detective, Charles Wycliffe.
Synopsis.
The Beales, a strange, reclusive family living on the edge of Dartmoor in Ashill House, consist of Simon, an old man entirely withdrawn from active life, Nicholas and Gertrude, perpetually hitting the bottle and playing war games, and the painter Edward, who takes long walks along the moors in search of artistic inspiration. The only one with any drive or ambition is Gertrude's husband Frank Vicary, and all of his time is absorbed by the task of running the family business.
When a murder rocks their local community, no-one has any reason for suspecting one of the Beales, until Wycliffe arrives on the case and finds his investigation leading him up the Beales's garden path.

</doc>
<doc id="19190232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190232" title="Bala Kəngərli">
Bala Kəngərli

Bala Kəngərli or Bala Kengerli or Bala-Kengerly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19190235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190235" title="Pure Devotion">
Pure Devotion

Pure Devotion is Ronski Speed's debut album.
Release information.
Label: euphonic 
Catalog#: EUPH92CD 
Format: CD, Album, Mixed
Country: Germany 
Released: 29 Aug 2008 
Genre: Electronic 
Style: Trance, Breaks, Downtempo, Progressive Trance 
Credits: Artwork By - Stefan Michalk 
Mixed By, Mastered By - Henry Nix, Matthias Gierth 
Photography - Anja 
Written-By, Producer - Ronski Speed
Tracklist.
"Disc 1"
"Disc 2"

</doc>
<doc id="19190237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190237" title="Turnor Lake, Saskatchewan">
Turnor Lake, Saskatchewan

Turnor Lake is a village on the southern shore of Turnor Lake. From Highway 155 it is accessible by Highway 909. The settlement includes the northern hamlet of Turnor Lake and Turnor Lake 193 B of the Birch Narrows First Nation. The population of the two adjoining villages was 528 in the 2006 Canada Census. Turnor Lake had 115 people and Birch Narrows (Turnor Lake 193 B) had 413 people.
History.
The lake was once called Island Lake (Lac des Isles). In 1895 Birch Narrows had 5 families or 25 people in residence. Father Penard of La Loche mentions in his letter of 1911 that there are six or seven families living at "le Detroit du Bouleau" (Birch Narrows) 35 miles east of La Loche.
In 1938 Father Ducharme had a chapel built in the village.
In 1965 the people of Clear Lake were relocated to Turnor Lake.(Clear Lake had about 60 people in 1944 according to the Piercy Report)
Birch Narrows Dene Nation.
As of June 2012 Birch Narrows Dene Nation had 409 members living on reserve and 299 members living at locations off reserve. It is affiliated with the Meadow Lake Tribal Council (MLTC).
Birch Narrows Dene Nation has territory at three sites. 
See also.
Turnor Lake (Saskatchewan)

</doc>
<doc id="19190240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190240" title="TD-2 RNA motif">
TD-2 RNA motif

The TD-2 RNA motif is a conserved RNA structure found in "Treponema denticola", as well as metagenome sequences extracted from a termite hindgut, which is known to be enriched for Spirochaetes. Since TD-2 RNAs are not typically positioned in 5' UTRs, the motif is presumed to correspond to a non-coding RNA.
The TD-2 RNA's secondary structure is supported by covariation (see secondary structure prediction), and one stem typically has terminal GNRA tetraloops, which are known to be especially stable. Surprisingly, however, the motif has an unusual number of stems containing runs of adenosines that base pair with coordinate runs of uridines. The lengths of these runs do correspond, thus comprising part of the covariation evidence in support of the motif's assignment as a conserved RNA. The first (5'-most) stem in the TD-2 RNA motif exhibits covariation, but also appears to be lost in some TD-2 RNAs.
Seven TD-2 RNAs overlap predicted representatives of the TD-1 RNA motif, but it is unknown whether these two motifs can somehow be merged.

</doc>
<doc id="19190245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190245" title="USNS Courier (T-AK-5019)">
USNS Courier (T-AK-5019)

USNS "Courier" (MARAD hull AK-5019) was a cargo ship of the National Defense Reserve Fleet. The cargo ship was built by Sun Shipbuilding and Drydock, Chester, PA, at the request of the US Maritime Administration (MARAD hull 124) in 1962. The ship is 470 ft in length and has a breath of 73 and weighs 11420 tons, empty. The ship was originally administered by American Export Lines under the civilian name SS "Export Courier" and eventually became part of the James River Reserve Fleet. The company ran into financial trouble in 1977. Before 1981, Farrell Lines, which took over parts of the dissolved American Export Lines, transferred administration of the "Courier" to the Military Sealift Command, which renamed the ship USNS "Courier". The ship was officially accepted as part of the Maritime Administration in February 1983. From 1981 it was stationed with the Beaumont Reserve Fleet or docked at Port Neches, Beaumont Texas. Service records indicate repairs after Operation Desert Storm. In 2001 the ship was transferred to the National Defense Reserve Fleet and remained in this status until July 2008 when it was sold to Southern Scrap Metal Corporation of New Orleans' Louisiana and subsequently transferred to New Orleans' Industrial Canal on August 13, a little more than two weeks before Hurricane Gustav reached Louisiana's southeastern coast. 
Adrift and grounding during Gustav.
During the night of August 31, 2008 or early morning of September 1, 2008, as a weak category-3 hurricane Gustav approached the coast of Louisiana, at least two clusters of ships were dislodged from their moorings and broke free. The "Courier" was shown in video coverage to be one of three vessel grounded on an embankment approaching the L & N railroad bridge near the I-10 'high' bridge. On September 3, 2008, Joel Dupree of Southern Scrap Metal Corp. claimed the "Courier" has been removed from its position in front of the Almonaster Avenue Bridge and remoored at the scrap metal yard. Dupree claims the Corps of Engineers were testing locks on the Industrial Canal at the Mississippi river that prevented moving the ships prior to Gustav, and that the "Courier" was properly anchored during the storm, however the level of the surge and winds were sufficient to break their moorings. The USCG, however, said that it had recommended that ships double-up mooring lines prior to the storm. Other recommendations, such as sinking the bow of the ship and setting anchor close to ships and barges, were recommended as possible preventive measures. So far it is not clear on what the US Coast Guard instructed dock managers to do, or what action company officials took.
In addition to the risk to the rail bridge, the two accompanying barges apparently hit and damaged a warehouse along the western side of the Industrial Canal near the bridge. Two other naval ships, the and were involved in separate incidences at the Florida Avenue Bridge and pump station. As a consequence of these events, "all vessels to be removed from the Industrial Canal in advance of gale-force wind conditions", and Southern Scrap Metal Corporation was told to remove all floating vessels for the duration of the
2008 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19190265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190265" title="Jacques Dynam">
Jacques Dynam

Jacques Dynam (30 December 1923 – 12 November 2004) was a French film actor. He appeared in over 150 films between 1942 and 2004. He was born and died in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19190284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190284" title="Gordon Jones (footballer born 1943)">
Gordon Jones (footballer born 1943)

Gordon Jones (born 6 March 1943 in Sedgefield, County Durham) is an English former professional footballer who made 547 appearances in the Football League as a left-back for Middlesbrough and Darlington. He went on to coach at non-league club Crook Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19190299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190299" title="The Finding of Moses (poem)">
The Finding of Moses (poem)

"The Finding of Moses" is a poem by the Irish street poet Zozimus (b. circa 1794 - d. 3 April 1846). It describes, in broad Dublin dialect, the Finding of Moses, an event in the early life of Moses recorded in the Old Testament. 

</doc>
<doc id="19190327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190327" title="Aweer people">
Aweer people

The Aweer (also known as the Waboni, Boni and Sanye) are an ethnic group inhabiting the Coast Province in southeastern Kenya. Some members are also found in southern Somalia. They are indigenous foragers, traditionally subsisting on hunting, gathering, and collecting honey.
Overview.
Evidence suggests that the Aweer/Boni, along with the related Dahalo and Wata, are remnants of the early Bushman hunter-gatherer inhabitants of Eastern Africa. According to linguistic, anthropological and other data, these groups later came under the influence and adopted the Afro-Asiatic languages of the Eastern and Southern Cushitic peoples who moved into the area. Dahalo has consequently retained some of the characteristic click sounds of the Khoisan languages.
The Aweer have historically been known in the literature as "Boni" or "Sanye", both of which are derogatory terms for low-caste groups. Their lives were drastically changed when the Kenyan government curtailed their traditional way of life in the 1960s, forcing them to settle in villages along the Hindi-Kiunga Road, between the Boni National Reserve and the Dodori National Reserve. Although the majority of the Aweer settled in villages located in this corridor between the two reserves, some established themselves in nearby Bajuni villages.
Today, the Aweer in Kenya have been encouraged to adopt farming as their main livelihood. However, they also continue to engage in many of their traditional hunter-gatherer practices, utilizing the nearby forests for the collection of wild honey, plants for traditional medicine and building materials, and bush meat to supplement their diets. With laws banning the hunting of all wildlife in Kenya, the Aweer's traditional way of life is in danger.
Demographics.
According to the 2009 Kenyan population census, around 7,500 Aweer live in Kenya, where they are an officially recognized group. They have traditionally been concentrated in forests in the Coast Province, particularly the Lamu and Tana River districts.
Some Aweer also inhabit southern Somalia's Badhade district.
Language.
The Aweer speak the Aweer language, also known as Boni. It belongs to the Cushitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic family.
According to "Ethnologue", there are around 8,000 speakers of Aweer/Boni. Most are bilingual and speak the languages of their immediate neighbors, with about 20% speaking only Aweer.
Aweer linguistically resembles Garre, but the speakers are physically and culturally unalike. The language is believed to be threatened by extinction.
Religion.
The Aweer historically practised a traditional faith. Most have today adopted Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="19190340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190340" title="The Fairy and the Waif">
The Fairy and the Waif

The Fairy and the Waif is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Marie Hubert Frohman and George Irving. The film was the debut of actress Mary Miles Minter, who was twelve years old by the time of the release, under that name.She had previously appeared in a short film entitled The Nurse credited as Juliet Shelby (her birth name).
A copy is preserved at Cinematheque Francais, Paris.
Plot.
Viola Drayton is a girl with a fascination for fairies. Her father goes off to England to help soldiers in World War I and leaves Viola in care of his attorney Mr. Nevinson. He sends the Nevinsons $30,000 to spend on Viola. When word reaches town Mr. Drayton has been killed in the war, the Nevinsons decide to keep the money for themselves.
Viola now lives in drudgery and one day runs away after harsh treatment. She joins the chorus of a musical comedy, but yet again is treated brutally. She leaves the theater, still dressed in her fairy costume. A waif notices her and thinks she is a real fairy. He takes her under his care. Later, it appears Mr. Drayton is still alive. The Nevinsons reach out a reward for the one who returns her. They eventually have to pay back Mr. Drayton. Meanwhile, a police man notices Viola and reunites her with her father.

</doc>
<doc id="19190348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190348" title="MTV Live HD">
MTV Live HD

MTV Live HD is an international 24-hour HD music and entertainment television network that is operated by Viacom International Media Networks' subsidiary Viacom International Media Networks Polska. The channel is available in Europe, South America, Oceania, and Asia.
Overview.
MTV Live HD, the first ever international high definition service dedicated to music, offers a mix of programming from MTV. MTV Live HD is operated by MTVNI's Emerging Markets group, who produce and broadcast the channel from its Warsaw hub. The English-language service also features original and acquired shows, and programming from MTVNI's multi-branded library.
The channel's mix of programming includes shows produced by other international MTV production units in Southern Europe, the UK and South America. From the beginning the channels' programming schedules are split into two blocks - MTV HD and Nickelodeon HD, but from October through December 2010 the channel only aired music related programs; it restarted airing Nickelodeon shows at the weekends but earlier in the morning. From July 1, 2011 the channel began to focus primarily on live music programming.
History.
The channel was launched on September 15, 2008 in some parts of Europe as MTVNHD (MTV Networks-High Definition) and in some parts of South America by the end of 2008. The channel continued to launch in new countries throughout 2010, including Australia where it first became available in standard-definition.
On July 1, 2011, MTVNHD was rebranded as MTV Live HD, with a new logo to match the new logos of all other MTV channels revealed on the same date. However in the UK and Ireland the channel remained as MTVNHD. In Australia MTVN Live was rebranded as MTV Live.
On April 23, 2012, MTVNHD was rebranded as MTV Live HD in the UK and Ireland, along with the launch of a standard-definition MTV Live.
On October 1, 2013 MTV Live HD and MTV Live revamped the channels logo as part of a global rebrand.
On November 3, 2013 MTV Live HD and MTV Live ceased broadcasting on Foxtel's service in Australia.
On March 2,2014, MTV Live HD On TaiwanCHT MOD Channel 113.
Availability.
The channel is available in a number of countries throughout Europe, South America and Asia including:
Shows.
"MTV Live HD shows"
"News and entertainment"
"Music"
Presenters.
Current presenters:
"Past"

</doc>
<doc id="19190350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190350" title="Dusty Ryan">
Dusty Ryan

Dusty Mitchell Ryan (born September 2, 1984) is a retired American professional baseball player. A catcher, Ryan played in Major League Baseball for the Detroit Tigers.
Ryan's first major league hit was a home run. He is 6'4" tall and weighs 220 pounds.
On December 21, 2009, Ryan was traded from the Detroit Tigers to the San Diego Padres for a player to be named later or cash considerations.
Ryan was called up to the Padres on May 31, . On November 6, 2010 Ryan signed a minor league deal with the New York Mets with an invitation to Major League Spring Training.
In May 2012, Ryan was working as a laborer for facilities management at the University of California, Merced campus.

</doc>
<doc id="19190355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190355" title="Angelo Infanti">
Angelo Infanti

Angelo Infanti (16 February 1939 – 12 October 2010) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in over 90 films between 1961 and 2010.
He was born on 16 February 1939 in Zagarolo, Italy. He died on 12 October 2010 in Tivoli, Italy due to cardiac arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="19190363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190363" title="Terry Kelly (English footballer)">
Terry Kelly (English footballer)

Terry Kelly (c. 1932 – August 2, 2007) was a professional footballer, who played for Vauxhall Motors, Luton Town and Cambridge City. He played 150 games for the Hatters between 1950 and 1963, scoring once.

</doc>
<doc id="19190375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190375" title="Christian K. Wedemeyer">
Christian K. Wedemeyer

The Honorable Christian Konrad Wedemeyer, FRAS (born 1969) is an American scholar and political and social activist. He is Associate Professor of the History of Religions at the Divinity School of the University of Chicago, and an associate member of the Department of South Asian Languages and Civilizations. In February 2008, he was elected to a four-year term as Committeeman for the 5th Ward of the City of Chicago, Illinois (Green Party); and he was reappointed for a second term in 2012. He is currently Co-chair of the Hyde Park Green Party, a local chapter of the Illinois Green Party, Green Party of the United States.
His work within the field of the history of religions has largely been concerned with the history, literature, and ritual of Indian and Tibetan Buddhism. In addition to historical and philological studies of Sanskrit and Tibetan religious literature, he has written on the historiography of Esoteric Buddhism and its antinomianism currents, textual criticism and strategies of legitimating authority in classical Tibetan scholasticism, and the semiology of esoteric Buddhist ritual.
He is an editor of the journal "History of Religions", Buddhism editor for "Religious Studies Review" (Blackwell), serves on the editorial boards of, and acts in a consulting capacity for a number of academic journals and presses.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain and Ireland in 2000, and elected to membership in the American Society for the Study of Religion in 2012. He is member (and former officer) of the American Oriental Society; and a member of the American Academy of Religion, the International Association for Tibetan Studies, the International Association of Buddhist Studies, and the North American Association for the Study of Religion. In 2010, he was elected to a three-year term as Co-chair of the Buddhism Section of the American Academy of Religion. 
In 2010-11 he was a Fellow of the National Endowment for the Humanities.
He was awarded the 2013 American Academy of Religion Award for Excellence in the Study of Religion (Historical Studies) for his book, "Making Sense of Tantric Buddhism: History, Semiology, and Transgression in the Indian Traditions".
He has consulted for the Metropolitan Museum of Art, CNN, and the United States Department of Justice. He is listed in several Marquis' Who's Who editions, including "Who's Who in the World," "Who's Who in America", "Who's Who in American Education", and "Who's Who of Emerging Leaders". 
He is currently married, and has 2 daughters. He lives in Chicago, Illinois

</doc>
<doc id="19190380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190380" title="Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Bosnia and Herzegovina sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. It was their fourth appearance in the Paralympic Games. Bosnian athletes competed in athletics, shooting and volleyball.
Medallists.
The country won one medal, a silver.

</doc>
<doc id="19190453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190453" title="American Public Gas Association">
American Public Gas Association

The American Public Gas Association (APGA) is a nonprofit trade organization representing America's publicly owned, natural gas local distribution companies (LDCs). APGA represents the interests of public gas before the United States Congress, federal agencies and other energy-related stakeholders by developing regulatory and legislative policies that further the goals of our members. In addition, APGA organizes meetings, seminars, and workshops with a specific goal to improve the reliability, operational efficiency, and regulatory environment in which public gas systems operate. 
Through APGA, public gas systems work together to stay reliably informed about new developments in safety, public policy, operations, technology, and the marketplace that could affect the communities and consumers they serve.
History.
Between 1940 and 1965, hundreds of communities began operating a gas utility to serve their citizens and commercial establishments. There are now over 950 total public gas systems serving over 5 million customers. These communities quickly recognized the need to have an organization that represented them at the national level. The American Public Gas Association was formed to satisfy this important advocacy in 1961 by 14 publicly owned gas systems.
Today the membership encompasses most of America's public gas systems, numbering over 687 members in 36 states.
Membership.
The American Public Gas Association (APGA) is the only national association of publicly owned natural gas distribution systems. Formed in 1961, APGA has approximately 700 members in 36 states. The association's members are publicly owned gas systems that are owned by, and accountable to, the citizens that they serve. They include:
Through APGA membership, public gas systems work together to keep informed about new developments in technology, safety, public policy, operations, and the global markets that could affect the communities and consumers they serve.
APGA members participate through their association with the organization's committees. Committees include:
Mayors and utility board members can also be involved in the association's activities through participation in the APGA Public Gas Policy Council. The Council is made up of elected and appointed officials from public gas communities across the US and assists APGA with its advocacy efforts.
Awards.
The Philadelphia Gas Works has received the APGA 2010 Marketing and Sales Award. In 2009, PGW had an advertising campaign showing customers and the public about the value of natural gas.

</doc>
<doc id="19190489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190489" title="Noddle's Island">
Noddle's Island

Noddle's Island is one of Boston Harbor Islands off East Boston, Massachusetts. In the 1940s the strait separating Noddle's Island from East Boston was filled, thereby connecting the island to Logan International Airport on the mainland.
History.
For over three hundred years, the island was known as Noddle's Island, for William Noddle, who was probably sent out by Brereton, and settled upon it in the 1620s, before Boston was established by the Puritans. The island was used for grazing livestock and there was a fortified structure on the island. Mr. Noddle, a resident of Salem, died in 1632 when his canoe overturned on the South River according to the journal of John Winthrop. After the British left Boston harbor, the island was used as a hospital for the French Fleet in 1780 who dubbed it ""L'ile de France'" and buried numerous troops on the island. After this the island was heavily fortified by the Bostonians. 
During World War II, the expansion of Logan Airport led to the water around Noddle's Island being filled and connected to the mainland.

</doc>
<doc id="19190501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190501" title="Beba Lončar">
Beba Lončar

Desanka "Beba" Lončar (Serbian Cyrillic: Десанка „Беба“ Лончар, born 28 April 1943) is a Serbian-Italian film actress. She appeared in 52 films between 1960 and 1982. She was born in Belgrade, Yugoslavia. Known for her film career during the 1960s and 1970s, she first became a star in native Yugoslavia before moving to Italy where she achieved considerable success.
Early life.
Growing up in the Belgrade neighbourhood of Dorćol, Lončar got involved with performing at an early age. During the late 1950s she was given on-camera speaking bits in kids' and youth programmes on the recently launched TV Belgrade. She studied acting under tutelage of director Soja Jovanović who gave Lončar her film debut — an uncredited bit part in 1960's "Diližansa snova".
Career.
Debut.
Lončar's break came when she got cast alongside another pair of first-time film performers Boris Dvornik and Dušica Žegarac in France Štiglic's "Deveti krug", a Holocaust story about a Jewish family from Ljubljana that would later go on to achieve notable critical success.
Before "Deveti krug" was even released, 16-year-old Lončar landed her first lead role — the part of Sonja Ilić, beautiful young girl in the teenage comedy "Ljubav i moda".
Early career in Yugoslavia.
"Deveti krug" premiered in late April 1960 to good reviews. Although the lead role of Ruth Alkalaj went to another teenage up-an-coming actress — Dušica Žegarac — Lončar's portrayal of Magda also received very positive notices. The film got selected for competition at the 1960 Cannes Film Festival during May with Lončar and Žegarac, both still high school students, getting their first taste of glitz and glamour as they made the rounds at the festival. Several months later in August, the film won the Golden Arena award at the 1960 Pula Film Festival in addition to becoming Yugoslav official submission for the best foreign movie and actually getting nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 33rd Academy Awards.
Later that fall "Ljubav i moda" came out, creating a sensation the likes of which hadn't been seen in the country up to that point. The cheeky storyline backed by the pop music soundtrack became a commercial smash hit. Carrying the breezy comedy alongside Dušan Bulajić as well as established stars of Yugoslav cinema Miodrag Petrović Čkalja and Mija Aleksić, Lončar's beauty and charm left an impression on the general audiences that paved the way for her movie career.
With only two films under her belt, by the end of 1960, 17-year-old Lončar's cinematic profile was raised beyond all expectations. She next got cast as the female lead in Aleksandar Petrović's directorial debut — romantic drama "Dvoje" — alongside Miha Baloh and Miloš Žutić. Playing the role of mysteriously flirtatious Belgrade girl Jovana Zrnić, she once again got plenty of positive reaction in the press. The movie got released in late July 1961, and the following year got selected for the competition programme at Cannes. Although it ended up not quite matching the success of "Deveti krug" on the festival circuit, "Dvoje" got very good reviews for its innovative approach as a breath of fresh air in the Yugoslav cinema that up to that point mostly made genre films of very specific and rigid structure and narrative. The movie also marked the first time Lončar was officially billed with her nickname Beba rather than her given first name, a practice that would be continued for the remainder of her career.
Already a bona fide film star in Yugoslavia as well as a nationwide sex symbol, Lončar started getting parts in foreign productions being shot in Yugoslavia. Franz Antel cast her in the supporting role of Afra in the Austrian movie "...und ewig knallen die Räuber", which was the first time she took part in a foreign film. Following a few more Yugoslav movies where she had notable roles such as Soja Jovanović's comedy "Dr" whose screenplay was based on Branislav Nušić's novel of the same name and Zdravko Randić's "Zemljaci", Lončar took a supporting part in the British over-the-top adventure film "The Long Ships" directed by Jack Cardiff and starring Richard Widmark, Sidney Poitier, Russ Tamblyn, and Rosanna Schiaffino that was entirely shot in Yugoslavia. She reportedly got the role of Gerda due to another actress already cast for the role leaving the set. Forced to scramble, Cardiff looked for a local replacement and ended up casting blonde Lončar whose physical features fit the requirements of the Viking woman role. 
Another foreign production in Yugoslavia Lončar took part in was the German-funded, English-language, western-musical "In the Wild West" directed by Sobey Martin with the young actress in the female lead role opposite Austrian singer-actor Freddy Quinn. In between she also starred along with Milena Dravić (another young Belgrade actress whose career path resembled Lončar's) as well Ljubiša Samardžić, Boris Dvornik, and Miki Mićović in a romantic summer youth comedy "Lito vilovito" about local boys from the Dalmatian coastline seducing young tourist girls.
The Italian period.
Lončar's career in the Italian cinema began in 1964 when she got cast by Mauro Bolognini for his segment within "La donna è una cosa meravigliosa", a three-segment film. At only twenty one years of age she moved to Rome and continued acting in Italian films.
Year 1965 was a breakout one for Lončar in Italy as she appeared in six films. In early spring Carlo Lizzani's "La Celestina P... R..." premiered where she had a sizable role followed by a bit part in Gérard Oury's "Le Corniaud" and a bigger one in Steno's "Letti sbagliati". The late summer saw her in Mario Monicelli's "Casanova 70" playing one of Marcello Mastroianni's many love interests in the film followed by Luciano Salce's "Slalom" where Lončar and Daniela Bianchi appeared as tandem of temptresses weaving their web around the duo of pals, both of whom are married, played by Vittorio Gassman and Adolfo Celi. She rounded the year off with Massimo Franciosa's "Il morbidone".
Her early roles in Italy revealed a theme that would mostly continue for the rest of her career in the country as the Italian directors and producers generally cast her in roles of exotic and mysterious seductresses within the commedia all'italiana genre.
Personal.
Lončar was married to Croatian businessman and socialite Josip "Dikan" Radeljak. The two met in Split during the 1970s and had a son Leo in 1982. After giving birth for the first time at the age of 39, Lončar decided to end her film career. Towards the end of the 1980s the couple separated as Radeljak left Lončar for the younger actress Ena Begović. Following a bitter court battle, their divorce was finalized in 1994 with Radeljak getting the custody of their only son.
During summer 2000, Lončar started living with Serbian skier Stevan Marinković Knićanin whom she eventually married. In late 2000, she moved from Rome to her hometown Belgrade where she's been living ever since.Despite not acting for almost 30 years, Lončar is still very much in demand by the Serbian and former Yugoslav media. However, she leads a very quiet, low-key life and rarely makes media appearances. Her latest one was for the 50th anniversary of the release of "Ljubav i moda" during June 2010.[http://www.pressonline.rs/sr/vesti/dzet_set_svet/story/124710/Beba+Lon%C4%8Dar+za+Press%3A+Ne+%C5%BEalim+ni+za+%C4%8Dim.html

</doc>
<doc id="19190503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190503" title="Cypriot Basketball Cup">
Cypriot Basketball Cup

The Cypriot Basketball Cup is an annual cup competition, organized by the Cyprus Basketball Federation since 1969. From 2007 the cup competition format changed, and in the cup participate only the teams of the Cypriot 1st Division. The cup employs a knock-out format. The Cup Winner automatically qualifies to compete in FIBA's EuroChallenge competition.
Teams.
The following teams (in alphabetical order) compete in the 2013–14 season. 

</doc>
<doc id="19190510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190510" title="Nord Norélan">
Nord Norélan

__NOTOC__
The Nord 1220 Norélan was a 1940s three-seat training monoplane designed and built in France by Nord Aviation.
Design and development.
Designed as a three-seat trainer and first flown on 30 June 1948 the Norélan was a single-engined low-wing cantilever monoplane with a distinctive large dihedral angle to the wings. Originally to have a retractable tricycle landing gear the design was changed to a fixed tailwheel landing gear. A number of variants with different engines were produced but no production orders were received.

</doc>
<doc id="19190520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190520" title="Mixing time">
Mixing time

Mixing time may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19190545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190545" title="Waldick Soriano">
Waldick Soriano

Eurípedes Waldick Soriano (May 13, 1933, Caetité – September 4, 2008, Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian singer–songwriter, best known as a composer and singer of songs in the brega style.
Biography.
Soriano was born in Bahia, where he lived and worked as a truck driver, prospector, and in manual labor until he was 25. He moved to São Paulo in 1959, where he began working at Rádio Nacional. His first album was issued in 1960, and his style of dramatic, sentimental songs became popular throughout Brazil. He went on to record dozens of albums and score many hits in his native country.
In 2005, Soriano was depicted in a documentary directed by Patrícia Pillar. It was titled "Waldick - Sempre No Meu Coração" (which means, in Portuguese, "Waldick - Always In My Heart"). 
Soriano died of prostate cancer on September 4, 2008, at the age of 75.

</doc>
<doc id="19190583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190583" title="St. Peter and St. Paul's Church, Shelford">
St. Peter and St. Paul's Church, Shelford

St. Peter and St. Paul's Church, Shelford is a parish church in the Church of England in Shelford, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
History.
The church is medieval but was heavily restored between 1876 and 1878 by Ewan Christian. The tower of the church was used by Royalists during the siege of Shelford Manor during the English Civil War, but they were smoked out by Parliamentarian forces.
It is now part of the united parish of St. Mary's Church, Radcliffe on Trent.
Stained glass.
There is stained glass in the chancel by Charles Eamer Kempe and in the north aisle by Alexander Gascoyne.
Organ.
The organ was acquired from St. Catharine's Church, Nottingham in 2003. It was installed in the church by Henry Groves & Son in 2004.
Clock.
An early clock was installed in 1680 by Richard Roe. This was replaced in 1880 by a new clock mechanism by G. & F. Cope of Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="19190589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190589" title="Piero Vida">
Piero Vida

Piero Vida (5 August 1938 – 1987) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 52 films between 1959 and 1987. He was born in Venice, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19190602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190602" title="Always in the Way">
Always in the Way

Always in the Way is a 1915 silent film directed by J. Searle Dawley. The film, which was based on the song with the same name, was partially filmed on the Bahamas.
Plot.
Dorothy North is the four-year-old child of the wealthy lawyer Winfred North. Her mother is deceased and her father is remarrying widow Helen Stillwell. Helen is annoyed with the presence of Dorothy and treats her as if she is always in the way. She runs away home and is taken under care by missionaries. While Dorothy accompanies her new foster parents to Africa, Helen informs Winfred his daughter is lost.
Winfred unsuccessfully tries to find Dorothy, who is growing up to a young woman in Africa. At the age of fifteen, her foster parents are killed by Zulus. She is separated from her sweetheart John Armstrong and boards back to America. Here, she finds employment in a florist shop. John followes her to New York City and locates her real father. They are all reunited and Winfred breaks with his Helen.

</doc>
<doc id="19190604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190604" title="Lee Brooks">
Lee Brooks

Lee Raymond Brooks (born February 26, 1983 in Acton, Massachusetts, U.S.) is a composer and sound designer for film.
Biography.
Lee Brooks is a composer for stage, film and television. He has scored original music and created sound design for a variety of films, working with talent such as Isabella Rossellini, Kronos Quartet, Ethel and the Czech Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra. His work was recognized by the Student Academy Awards (This is not a Picture), and by the Mid-Atlantic Film Festival for Best Dramatic Score (Empty).
Since 2009, he has composed music for the Oslo Freedom Forum, a conference about human rights with an "ongoing campaign to defend and promote human freedom around the world." In 2009, he scored the theme to open the conference and introduce speakers. For 2010, in addition to a new version of the theme, he was commissioned to write his second and third string quartets, recorded by Ethel and presented during the conference.
He has worked as a Music Producer at Grey Advertising in New York since 2007.
Credits.
Filmography.
The following list consists of select films for which Brooks provided the sound design, score and/or songs. Those films for which he provided sound design are in bold.
2000s
Music videos.
2000s
Stage.
2000s

</doc>
<doc id="19190617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190617" title="Jim Fraser (footballer)">
Jim Fraser (footballer)

James "Jim" Fraser is a former Scottish footballer.
Fraser began his career with Arbroath, and made over 200 appearances for the "Red Lichties" before joining Clyde. Fraser spent 7 years with the Glasgow club, and gained a reputation for being a hard man in Clyde's most successful team to date, finishing 3rd in Scotland in 1967. Fraser left Clyde in 1969 to join Dundee.

</doc>
<doc id="19190619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190619" title="MAEB RNA motif">
MAEB RNA motif

The MAEB RNA motif (Metabolism-Associated Element in "Burkholderia" RNA motif) is a conserved stem-loop RNA structure present in many species in the genus Burkholderia. MAEB stem-loops typically occur in blocks of repeats, usually with 2-6 consecutive instances of MAEB stem-loops separated by a short and conserved linker sequence. As many as 12 consecutive MAEB stem-loops have been observed in a single block.
Most MAEB blocks are positioned in the presumed 5' UTR of downstream genes. Out of 141 blocks of consecutive MAEB stem-loops, 132 are positioned in a possible 5' UTR. Therefore, MAEB stem-loops are likely to correspond to a cis-regulatory element. It was observed that the genes apparently regulated by MAEB generally have a role in primary metabolism, i.e., the synthesis, catabolism or transport of small molecules; few MAEB-associated genes are involved in other functions, such as signal transduction, motility or replication. Thus, the motif is associated with a metabolic role, and indeed a weak association with the glycine cleavage system was observed.
Three hypotheses for the biological role of MAEB were considered. One is that the MAEB stem-loop is really a DNA-binding domain of a dimeric protein, and that the two subunits of this protein bind on opposite strands of the duplex DNA. However, two nucleotides at complementary positions on the 5' and 3' side of the stem are almost always purines. If the MAEB motif is really a short DNA-binding domain and its reverse complement, then the 3' part of the apparent RNA stem at this position should contain the complementary pyrimidine, and not also be a purine. Therefore, this hypothesis is unlikely to be true.
The second hypothesis considered is that MAEB is a repetitive DNA sequence. Although the repetitive nature of MAEB stem-loops supports this kind of a role, the association of MAEB with metabolic genes is inconsistent with known repetitive elements, which are typically the result of selfish replication or errors in replication. Rather the repetitive nature of MAEB stem-loops probably has a functional role for the cell.
The third hypothesis advanced is that MAEB stem-loops bind a protein, and the multiple occurrences of MAEB stem-loops within a single RNA molecule would allow the binding of more proteins per RNA molecule. Such an arrangement is similar to CsrB RNA, which contains roughly 18 hairpins, each of which binds one CsrA protein subunit. The true function of MAEB stem-loops remain unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="19190643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190643" title="1860 Open Championship">
1860 Open Championship

The 1860 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club, in Ayrshire, Scotland. It is now regarded as the first Open Championship although in its first year it was only open to professionals. Until his death in 1859, Allan Robertson was regarded as top golfer in the world. The Open Championship was created to determine his successor. Eight golfers contested the event, with Willie Park, Sr. winning the championship by 2 shots from Tom Morris, Sr..
Golf clubs were invited to send not more than three professional players to compete in the competition, which was held over three rounds of the twelve-hole links course. The prize for winning was the Challenge Belt, subscribed for by members of Prestwick Golf Club. There was no prize money with the winner receiving custody of the belt for a year. A player winning the belt three years in succession would be entitled to keep it. George Daniel Brown was the only Englishman to play in the event.
The pairings were Tom Morris, Sr. (Prestwick) and Robert Andrew (Perth), Willie Park Sr. (Musselburgh) and Alexander Smith (Bruntsfield), William Steel (Bruntsfield) and Charlie Hunter (Prestwick St Nicholas), George Daniel Brown (Blackheath) and Andrew Strath (St Andrews).

</doc>
<doc id="19190644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190644" title="Carlsbad Unified School District">
Carlsbad Unified School District

The Carlsbad Unified School District is the school district for Carlsbad, California, USA. The Superintendent is John A. Roach. The district manages two high schools, three middle schools and nine elementary schools. In addition they operate a K-6 alternative school.

</doc>
<doc id="19190654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190654" title="1861 Open Championship">
1861 Open Championship

The 1861 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club, Ayrshire, Scotland. It was the second Open Championship and the first to open to amateurs as well as professionals. Ten professionals and eight amateurs contested the event, with Tom Morris, Sr. winning the championship by 4 shots from Willie Park, Sr..
As in 1860 the contest was held over three rounds of the twelve-hole links course. There was no prize money, the winner receiving the Challenge Belt for the next year.
Willie Park lead by two at the start of the final round. However at the 2nd hole Park attempted to carry the ‘Alps’ in two but he landed in a hazard and lost three strokes to Tom Morris, who later played the same hole more conservatively. Morris increased his lead to two at the 4th hole but by the 6th they were level. Morris picked up shots on Park at the 8th, 9th and 10th holes to go three ahead and further increased the lead to four when he holed the short 11th in two strokes. Park had finished on 167 but at the last Morris’ tee shot landed in some long grass at the edge of a pool of water. Rather than take a penalty drop he elected to play the ball and kept his 4 shot lead.

</doc>
<doc id="19190657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190657" title="1862 Open Championship">
1862 Open Championship

The 1862 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club, Ayrshire, Scotland. Tom Morris, Sr. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19190660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190660" title="1863 Open Championship">
1863 Open Championship

The 1863 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club, Ayrshire, Scotland. Willie Park, Snr. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19190663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190663" title="1864 Open Championship">
1864 Open Championship

The 1864 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club, Ayrshire, Scotland. Tom Morris, Sr. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19190665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190665" title="1865 Open Championship">
1865 Open Championship

The 1865 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club, Ayrshire, Scotland. Andrew Strath won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19190670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190670" title="1866 Open Championship">
1866 Open Championship

The 1866 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club. Willie Park, Snr. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19190673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190673" title="1867 Open Championship">
1867 Open Championship

The 1867 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club. Tom Morris, Sr. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19190678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190678" title="Sophie Daumier">
Sophie Daumier

Sophie Daumier (24 November 1934 – 1 January 2004) was a French film actress. She appeared in 28 films between 1956 and 1979.
She was born as Elisabeth Hugon in Boulogne-sur-Mer, Pas-de-Calais, the daughter of composer Georges Hugon. She was married to Guy Bedos from 1965 to 1977; the marriage ended in divorce.
Death.
She died on New Year's Day 2004 in Paris from Huntington's disease in Paris. She was 69 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19190688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190688" title="Ehud Tenenbaum">
Ehud Tenenbaum

Ehud "Udi" Tenenbaum (, born August 29, 1979) also known as The Analyzer, is an Israeli cracker.
Biography.
Tenenbaum was born in Ramat HaSharon in 1979. Tenenbaum became widely famous in 1998, when aged 19 years and while he was the head of a small group of hackers, he was arrested for hacking computers belonging to NASA, The Pentagon, the U.S. Air Force, the U.S. Navy, the Knesset, MIT and other American and Israeli universities, the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and other federally funded research sites, and the computer of Israeli President Ezer Weizman, as well as attempting to infiltrate the Israel Defense Forces' classified files. He also hacked into the computers of Palestinian terrorist groups, and claimed to have destroyed the website of Hamas. Tenenbaum installed on some of the servers Packet analyzer software and Trojan horse software. At the time then-US Deputy Defense Secretary John Hamre insisted was "the most organized and systematic attack to date" on US military systems. The military thought that they were witnessing a sophisticated Iraqi 'information warfare'. In an effort to stop the supposed Iraqi hackers the United States government assembled agents from the FBI, the Air Force Office of Special Investigations, NASA, the US Department of Justice, the Defense Information Systems Agency, the NSA, and the CIA. The government was so worried that the warning and briefings went all the way up to the President of the United States. The investigation, code-named "Solar Sunrise," eventually snared two California teenagers (screen names Mac and Stimpy) and Tenenbaum, but no Iraqi infowarriors. After their arrest, a subsequent probe led US investigators to Tenenbaum, who was arrested after Israeli police were given evidence of Tenenbaum's activities. Later, the FBI sent agents to Israel to question Tenenbaum.
Before he was sentenced, Tenenbaum served briefly in the Israel Defense Forces, but was released soon thereafter after he was involved in a traffic collision. 
In 2001, Tenenbaum pleaded guilty, while stating that he wasn't attempting to infiltrate the computer systems to get a hold of secrets but rather to prove that the systems were flawed. Tenenbaum was sentenced to a year and a half in prison, from which he served only 8 months following the "Deri Law". After the attack the FBI made a short 18 minutes training video called, "Solar Sunrise: Dawn of a New Threat" that was sold as part of hacker defense course that was discontinued in September 2004.
In 2003, after being freed from prison, Tenenbaum founded his own Information security company called "2XS". 
In September 2008, following an investigation by Canadian police and the US Secret Service, Tenenbaum and three accomplices were arrested in Montreal. Tenenbaum was charged with six counts of Credit card fraud, in the sum of approx. US$1.5 million. U.S. investigators suspected Tenenbaum of being part of a scam, in which the hackers penetrated financial institutions around the world to steal credit card numbers. They then sold these numbers to other people, who used them to perpetrate massive credit card fraud. He was later extradited to the United States to stand trial, and was in the custody of the US Marshals for more than a year. In August 2010, he was released on bond after agreeing to plead guilty.
In July 2012, after Tenenbaum accepted a plea bargain which may have involved cooperation in the investigation, New York district judge Edward Korman sentenced Tenenbaum to the time already served in prison. Tenenbaum was also ordered to pay $503,000 and given three years' probation.

</doc>
<doc id="19190691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190691" title="1873 Open Championship">
1873 Open Championship

The 1873 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Old Course at St Andrews. Tom Kidd won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19190692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190692" title="Kwaadmechelen">
Kwaadmechelen

Kwaadmechelen is a hamlet of Ham, Belgium

</doc>
<doc id="19190695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190695" title="Abbey Road on the River">
Abbey Road on the River

Abbey Road on the River (AROTR) is a five-day, multi-stage music festival honoring the music and spirit of The Beatles. The festival takes place in Louisville, Kentucky over Memorial Day weekend, and in the Washington, D.C. area over Labor Day weekend. Over the course of the festival, multiple tribute bands play the music of the Beatles.
History.
Abbey Road on the River is produced by Gary Jacob, a Cleveland resident who has produced numerous events including the National Rib Cook-off, Millennium events for Kodak in 2000 and Easter at the White House for eight years during the Clinton Administration. 
The first three events were held in Cleveland, OH in 2002, 2003 and 2004. 
In 2005 the event moved to Louisville, Kentucky, where it is currently held annually over the Memorial Day weekend.
A second annual East Coast version of the event (AROTR DC) takes place Labor Day weekend, just outside of the Nation's capital in National Harbor, Maryland.
Venues.
Louisville, KY<br>
The venue for Abbey Road on the River in Louisville consists of the Belvedere and Galt House Hotel & Suites in downtown Louisville, KY. The festival utilizes more than 9 stages simultaneously, both indoor and outdoor. The Galt House Hotel & Suites provides indoor venues, mostly for smaller concerts, speakers and film screenings. Outdoor stages are located on the Belvedere, including the Lawn Stage, which is used for featured shows. 
Washington, D.C.<br>
The venue for Abbey Road on the River in Washington, D.C. is the Gaylord National Resort & Convention Center. The D.C. festival includes two indoor stages and four outdoor stages, as well as additional rooms for speakers and film screenings.
Event activities and attendees.
Abbey Road on the River presents many types of tribute bands. Some bands look, sound and act like The Beatles. Others simply play the music of The Beatles. Additionally, some acts focus only on recreating the solo music of John Lennon, Paul McCartney and George Harrison.
The festival also features Beatles-related speakers, discussion panels, film screenings and the sale of Beatles merchandise.
Among the noted musicians and speakers over the past six years have been:
In 2010, the first year that there were two festivals in one year, the organizers claimed a cumulative audience of 40,000 attendees for the two events.

</doc>
<doc id="19190698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190698" title="1874 Open Championship">
1874 Open Championship

The 1874 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Musselburgh Links. Mungo Park won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19190703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190703" title="Koothrapally">
Koothrapally

Koothrapally is a village in Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19190706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190706" title="1875 Open Championship">
1875 Open Championship

The 1875 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club. Willie Park, Snr. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19190713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190713" title="1876 Open Championship">
1876 Open Championship

The 1876 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Old Course at St Andrews. Bob Martin won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19190722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190722" title="St. Mary's Church, Radcliffe on Trent">
St. Mary's Church, Radcliffe on Trent

St. Mary's Church, Radcliffe on Trent is a parish church in the Church of England in Radcliffe on Trent, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
History.
There was a medieval church but little remains. The chancel was built in 1858 by Charles Bailey of Newark on Trent. The rest was built by Joseph Goddard and Alfred Henry Paget of Leicester between 1879 and 1880.
It is now part of the united parish with St. Peter and St. Paul's Church, Shelford.
Bells.
There are eight bells by Taylors of Loughborough dating from 1947. The heaviest is 15 cwt.

</doc>
<doc id="19190725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190725" title="1877 Open Championship">
1877 Open Championship

The 1877 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Musselburgh Links. Jamie Anderson won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19190726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190726" title="Jim Burns (footballer)">
Jim Burns (footballer)

James "Jim" Burns (born 10 August 1943) is a former Scottish footballer.
Burns, a midfielder, began his career with Cowdenbeath. He made over 200 appearances for them before joining Clyde in 1967. Burns spent 9 years with the Glasgow club, and made over 300 appearances, making him one of the club's finest servants. Burns left Clyde in 1976 to join Stirling Albion. He retired in 1980, and became a coach at Stirling.

</doc>
<doc id="19190729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190729" title="News Democrat &amp; Leader">
News Democrat &amp; Leader

The News-Democrat & Leader is a twice-weekly newspaper in Russellville, Kentucky. It has been published since 1806, fourteen years after Kentucky became a state. Russellville is the county seat of Logan County. 
The current title was formed with the merging of "The Logan County News" and "The Democrat" in 1911. Then in 1968, employees of the "News-Democrat" started a paper called "The Logan Leader". A few months later, this was merged back into the original company, which published the papers under different names each week. In the 1990s, this was changed to a publication under the combined name of "News-Democrat & Leader".

</doc>
<doc id="19190731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190731" title="1878 Open Championship">
1878 Open Championship

The 1878 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club. Jamie Anderson won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19190734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190734" title="1962–63 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1962–63 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1962–63 campaign was an impressive season for the Terriers. They finished 6th in Division 2, just 4 points off Chelsea, who took the second promotion spot to Division 1. They finished their campaign on the same points as Leeds United.
Review.
After the success of the previous season, Town under Eddie Boot were hoping to mount yet another promotion push to Division 1. An impressive start to the season saw Town unbeaten in their first 13 league games of the season. This run was ended by a home defeat from Southampton on October 27. A mixed November and December saw Town lose ground, but an amazingly cold snap during the winter would see the team out of action for 3 months at Leeds Road. During that time, Town played only 3 away league games and an FA Cup game at Manchester United. Town would have to play their last 20 games in 2 and a half months.
It was a tall order and Town's impressive start to the season slowly evaporated. Too many draws and losses during the period saw Town lose ground with the leading pack of Stoke City, Chelsea and Sunderland. A win over Leeds United in May, gave Town a faint hope of promotion, but 2 defeats to Portsmouth and Cardiff City saw Town finish down in 6th place with 48 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19190735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190735" title="New Day Dawning (Wynonna Judd album)">
New Day Dawning (Wynonna Judd album)

New Day Dawning is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Wynonna Judd, released in 2000. It produced only two chart singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles and Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts: "Can't Nobody Love You (Like I Do)" at #31, and "Going Nowhere" at #43. Also included is a cover of Joni Mitchell's 1974 single "Help Me".
Initial presses of the album included a bonus EP called "Big Bang Boogie". This four-song EP reunited Wynonna with her mother, Naomi Judd, with whom Wynonna recorded as The Judds in the 1980s and early '90s before going solo in 1991. All four songs on the EP are credited to the Judds. Of these, "Stuck in Love" was released as a single, charting at #26 on the country charts in 2000 and producing the Judds' first chart single in nearly a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="19190736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190736" title="1879 Open Championship">
1879 Open Championship

The 1879 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Old Course at St Andrews. Jamie Anderson won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19190740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190740" title="Judo at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Judo at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Judo at the 2000 Summer Paralympics consisted of seven men's events.

</doc>
<doc id="19190743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190743" title="Glycine cleavage system">
Glycine cleavage system

The glycine cleavage system is also known as the glycine decarboxylase complex or GCS. The system is a series of enzymes that are triggered in response to high concentrations of the amino acid glycine. The same set of enzymes is sometimes referred to as glycine synthase when it runs in the reverse direction to form glycine. The glycine cleavage system is composed of four proteins: the T-protein, P-protein, L-protein, and H-protein. They do not form a stable complex, so it is more appropriate to call it a "system" instead of a "complex". The H-protein is responsible for interacting with the three other proteins and acts as a shuttle for some of the intermediate products in glycine decarboxylation. In both animals and plants the glycine cleavage system is loosely attached to the inner membrane of the mitochondria. Mutations in this enzymatic system are linked with Glycine encephalopathy.
Function.
In plants, animals and bacteria the glycine cleavage system catalyzes the following reversible reaction:
In the enzymatic reaction, H-protein activates the P-protein, which catalyzes the decarboxylation of glycine and attaches the intermediate molecule to the H-protein to be shuttled to the T-protein. The H-protein forms a complex with the T-protein that uses tetrahydrofolate and yields ammonia and 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate. After interaction with the T-protein, the H-protein is left with two fully reduced thiol groups in the lipoate group. The glycine protein system is regenerated when the H-protein is oxidized to regenerate the disulfide bond in the active site by interaction with the L-protein, which reduces NAD+ to NADH and H+.
When coupled to serine hydroxymethyltransferase, the glycine cleavage system overall reaction becomes:
In humans and most vertebrates, the glycine cleavage system is part of the most prominent glycine and serine catabolism pathway. This is due in large part to the formation 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate, which is one of the few C1 donors in biosynthesis. In this case the methyl group derived from the catabolism of glycine can be transferred to other key molecules such as purines and methionine. 
This reaction, and by extension the glycine cleavage system, is required for photorespiration in C3 plants. The glycine cleavage system takes glycine, which is created from an unwanted byproduct of the Calvin cycle, and converts it to serine which can reenter the cycle. The ammonia generated by the glycine cleavage system, is assimilated by the Glutamine synthetase-Glutamine oxoglutarate aminotransferase cycle but costs the cell one ATP and one NADPH. The upside is that one CO2 is produced for every two O2 that are mistakenly taken up by the cell, generating some value in an otherwise energy depleting cycle. Together the proteins involved in these reactions comprise about half the proteins in mitochondria from spinach and pea leaves. The glycine cleavage system is constantly present in the leaves of plants, but in small amounts until they are exposed to light. During peak photosynthesis, the concentration of the glycine cleavage system increases ten-fold. 
In the anaerobic bacteria, Clostridium acidiurici, the glycine cleavage system runs mostly in the direction of glycine synthesis. While glycine synthesis through the cleavage system is possible due to the reversibility of the overall reaction, it is not readily seen in animals. 
Clinical Significance.
Glycine encephalopathy, also known as non-ketotic hyperglycinemia (NKH), is a primary disorder of the glycine cleavage system, resulting from lowered function of the glycine cleavage system causing increased levels of glycine in body fluids. The disease was first clinically linked to the glycine cleavage system in 1969. Early studied showed high levels of glycine in blood, urine and cerebrospinal fluid. Initial research using carbon labeling showed decreased levels of CO2 and serine production in the liver, pointing directly to deficiencies glycine cleavage reaction. Further research has shown that deletions and mutations in the 5' region of the P-protein are the major genetic causes of nonketotic hyperglycinemia. . In more rare cases, a missense mutation in the genetic code of the T-protein, causing the histidine in position 42 to be mutated to arginine, was also found to result in nonketotic hypergycinemia. This specific mutation directly affected the active site of the T-protein, causing lowered efficiency of the glycine cleavage system.

</doc>
<doc id="19190751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190751" title="Georges Géret">
Georges Géret

Georges Géret (18 October 1924 – 7 April 1996) was a French film actor. He appeared in over 80 films between 1954 and 1992. He was born in Lyon, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19190752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190752" title="Len Bond">
Len Bond

Len Bond (born 2 December 1954) is an English former professional football goalkeeper. He made more than 300 appearances in the Football League, including 168 for Exeter City and 122 for Brentford.
Bond was born in Ilminster, Somerset. He began his career as an apprentice with Bristol City, turning professional in September 1971, although he had made his league debut on the last day of the previous season. He remained at Ashton Gate for a further six years, most of which was spent as deputy to John Shaw or Ray Cashley. In November 1974 he was loaned to Exeter City, playing 30 league games.
The following season he was loaned three times, to Torquay United in October 1975, to Scunthorpe United in December 1975, and to Colchester United in January 1976, before joining NASL side St. Louis Stars on loan for the 1976 season. Finally, in August 1977, after 30 league games for Bristol City, Bond moved to Brentford, where he was to find regular first-team football, playing 122 league games in the next 3 years.
In October 1980 he returned to the south-west, joining Exeter City, playing 138 league games before leaving league football, and joining Yeovil Town. He later joined Weymouth from where he moved to Bath City in October 1987 for a fee of £2,000. He was ever-present for the rest of the season, but chose to return to Yeovil Town after City's relegation from the Conference at the end of the season.
He remained with Yeovil until his retirement, although did have a loan spell with Gloucester City from November 1990 and played three games for them the following season. Soon after his retirement, a chance meeting with Alan Ball led to him becoming goalkeeping coach at Exeter City, while also running a newsagents in Exeter. He subsequently worked as a coach at a number of clubs before coaching in the United States. He returned to the UK and worked with a number of clubs as well as coaching the FA's Youth Academy. He spent three years as goalkeeping coach with Bristol City's Youth Academy before another spell coaching in the United States.
On his return he coached at Exeter City and Torquay United before returning as goalkeeping coach to Yeovil Town. He then joined Bristol Rovers as goalkeeping coach. In 2011 Bond left Yeovil Town to concentrate on his sportswear business.

</doc>
<doc id="19190770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190770" title="Southern Pacific 9010">
Southern Pacific 9010

Southern Pacific Railroad (SP) locomotive number 9010 is a KM ML 4000 C'C' diesel-hydraulic locomotive, built in 1964 by German manufacturer Krauss-Maffei. SP 9010 generated from two V16 Maybach MD870 diesel engines. It was painted to Southern Pacific's 1958 standard, the so-called "bloody nose" colors of Scarlet and Lark Dark Gray, for its entire operating career. It was renumbered to SP 9113 in late 1965, rebuilt extensively at SP's Sacramento General Shops (later Sacramento Locomotive Works) during the latter half of 1966, and was initially retired in 1968. It was revived and rebuilt by Sacramento General Shops into a "camera car" for the purpose of shooting motion picture background plates for a ground-based full-motion locomotive training simulator. As camera car number 8799, it was retired in 1984 and donated to the California State Railroad Museum in Sacramento, California. It was de-accessioned by CSRM and acquired by the Pacific Locomotive Association and moved to the Niles Canyon Railway's Brightside, California rail yard in the summer of 2008. It is currently undergoing cosmetic and mechanical restoration. At the date of its inception, its type represented the highest-horsepower six-axle diesel locomotives in the world. SP 9010 is the sole surviving ML 4000 C'C' built for use in North America, and the sole surviving mainline diesel-hydraulic locomotive in North America.
Operational history.
SP 9010 was delivered as part of the second order of ML 4000 C'C' units in the Spring of 1964, road numbers 9003-9017. (ML: Mechanical Locomotive; 4000: net horsepower; C'C': two powered bogies/trucks with three connected axles each.) The first order of six locomotives—three for SP and three for the Denver and Rio Grande Western) -- were called "Prototypes" by KM, but were popularly known in the U.S. as "cab units" due to their fully enclosed car bodies, similar to the EMD F-unit. SP 9010 was a member of the second production order of fifteen locomotives. These were called "Series" units by KM, but were popular known as "hood units" after the more modern narrow-hood carbody with external walkways. SP's stated motives for ordering the German-manufactured locomotives were a desire for more power per axle, better adhesion to the rails, freedom from electrical malfunctions, and fewer locomotives in 'consist' than the available American diesel-electric locomotives of the time. SP owned a total of 21 ML 4000 C'C' locomotives, and a total of 24 of the diesel-hydraulic type. ML 4000s were originally used in freight service on SP's famous Donner Pass line over California's Sierra Nevada, as they were originally intended to replace the EMD F7, and had a special track set up at the Roseville locomotive shops specifically for servicing the locomotives, with German mechanics and supervisors from K-M taking U.S. residence. However, the locomotives were found unsuitable in mountain service after extensive testing and relegated to service in the flat territory of the San Joaquin Valley, often running in tandem with EMD F7s or EMD GP9s.
Camera car.
The ML 4000s and diesel-hydraulic locomotives in general began to be phased out in the late 1960s, as American locomotive technology progressed and more power with better adhesion control was able to be generated by single-engine diesel-electric locomotives. Maintenance requirements had exceeded the average levels of comparable domestic locomotives, and a planned upgrading of the entire KM "Series" fleet was halted after only four of the 15 were so modified. ML 4000s began retirement in 1967, coincident with the arrival of high-horsepower American-made EMD SD40s, SD45s, and GE U33Cs. SP announced the end of its diesel-hydraulic program on February 13, 1968, and from that date forward, any wear or damage requiring major repair or overhaul would result in the retirement of that unit.
SP 9113 failed on September 18, 1968 with damage to its number 9 cylinder of the forward Maybach V-16 and was officially retired November 22, 1968. Scrapping of the Krauss-Maffei fleet took place at Associated Metals in Sacramento, California, with the exception of SP 9113.
SP 9113 (ex-9010) was converted into a "Camera Car" between 1968 and 1969 at the Sacramento General Shops. Its purpose was to record picture and audio to create the background motion plates and sound effects for a computerized locomotive simulator for engineer training, developed by Conductron-Missouri, a subsidiary of McDonnell-Douglas. This pioneering six-axis-of-motion locomotive simulator was housed in a fixed base operation in Southern California. Called the "Southern Pacific Engine Service Training Center", it was located in Cerritos, California.
SP 9113 when being rebuilt carried the unofficial identity 'SPMW #1'. The railroad's traffic computer required 4 digits, and so it emerged from the shop bearing a small SPMW 1166 stencil. In June 1969 it was renumbered to SP 8799, in standard Southern Pacific locomotive lettering configuration. The most drastic change in appearance was the locomotive's short hood (or "nose"), which had been removed. In its place, a custom structure was fabricated to house twin Mitchell 35-millimeter film cameras and Nagra III timecode magnetic recording equipment, with stand-up headroom and two seats salvaged from another KM for operators. Heavy, thick steel was used for collision protection and to replace lost weight. The front Voith L830rU transmission was removed to create space for the camera enclosure, while the Number 1 radiator compartment was emptied of radiators and ancillary equipment to house an Onan skid-mount generator to power the camera equipment. The two engines and rear transmission were simply disabled, principally being retained for weight. All gearboxes and Cardan (universal) shafts were removed; gears were left in place on the six axles. All of the controls remained in the cab so that it could control a locomotive pushing behind it, much like a cab car is used on a commuter train. The camera car could be put on the lead of any train, but it primarily operated as special trips with one locomotive behind it for power. Known locomotives used for power are a single EMD F7 B-unit, an EMD GP-9, an EMD GP35, and a Cotton Belt (St. Louis Southwestern) SD45T-2. 
Initially re-assigned to Roseville, California and making filming runs over portions of SP's Donner Pass line, it was relocated in the 1970s to what became its permanent home at West Colton Yard in Southern California. 
Disposition.
The camera car was retired in 1984 and donated to the California State Railroad Museum in 1986. Initially, volunteers removed the camera "nose" and opened up the highly modified cab windows to 1964 profiles, with the goal of restoration to original appearance. However, that restoration was halted, and the engine sat in outdoor storage exposed to weather and vandals, with much of the copper wiring and a good portion of the Behr radiator assemblies being stolen. It was de-accessioned by CSRM and donated to the Pacific Locomotive Association (PLA) in 2008, along with several pieces of rolling stock. They were moved by the Union Pacific Railroad in the summer of 2008 from Sacramento to their interchange with Niles Canyon Railway at Hearst, California. The Niles Canyon Railway then transferred SP 9010 to its Brightside Yard. Restoration by volunteers of the PLA started in 2008, with much of the cosmetic restoration nearly completed in 2012.
The restoration process includes the building of a replica of the locomotive's original nose, and returning the locomotive to its original 1964 appearance with its original road number, 9010. It will retain its cab controls so that it can be pushed by a locomotive providing power from behind. All gearing was removed during the Camera Car conversion, and mechanical attention is primarily focused on the restoration of systems necessary for multiple-unit operation. Investigation continues into the mechanical integrity of the Number 2 Maybach MD870, which appears in good condition but lacks a Cardan shaft connection to the Brown Boveri/BBC Dynastarter. Many mechanical sub-systems are being repaired or restored, and parts are currently being sought, with the intent to facilitate the resumption of self-powered operation at a future date.

</doc>
<doc id="19190799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190799" title="Rudolf Leonhard">
Rudolf Leonhard

Rudolf Leonhard (27 October 1889, in Lissa, German Empire (today Leszno, Poland) – 19 December 1953, in East Berlin) was a German author and communist activist.
Life.
Leonhard came from a family of lawyers and studied law and Philology in Berlin and Göttingen. In 1914 he volunteered for the German military effort in World War I, but quickly converted to pacifism and was brought before a military court for his convictions.
In 1918 he joined the USPD (Independent German Social Democratic Party) and fought alongside Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg in the 1918 revolution. In 1919, he joined the KPD (Communist Party of Germany), but left that party in favor of the left-communist KAPD (German Communist Workers’ Party), which he also left after a year. In 1918 he married the author Susanne Köhler, but was divorced from her after one year.
From 1919 onwards he was a freelance author for the publication "Die Weltbühne", and worked for the publishing house "Verlag Die Schmiede" as a lector and as the editor of two series of books, “Außenseiter der Gesellschaft” (Outsiders of Society) and “Berichte aus der Wirklichkeit” (Reports from Reality). In late November 1925, he began and led the Gruppe 1925 which counted Bertolt Brecht, Alfred Döblin, Albert Ehrenstein, Leonhard Frank, Walter Hasenclever, Walter Mehring and Kurt Tucholsky among its members. After a difference of opinion, Leonhard left the group in 1927.
In March 1928, he moved to Paris at the invitation of his friend Walter Hasenclever and lived with him until 1934. In April 1933, Leonhard took part in the foundation of the „Ligue des Combattants de la Paix" and was co-president of the German sector alongside Albert Einstein. After the “Schutzverband Deutscher Schriftsteller” was taken over by the „Reichsverband deutscher Schriftsteller", he successfully founded the „Schutzverband Deutscher Schriftsteller im Ausland" and became leader of the French section. He describes his experiences in the Spanish Civil War in his collection of stories “Der Tod des Don Quijote”. From 1939 until 1944, he was detained. First he was held in Le Vernet, then he was transferred to Castres. He fled, was recaptured, and eventually fled again, living in underground Marseille until the end of the war.
He returned to Paris in 1944. In 1947 he took part in the first Congress of German Authors. In 1950 he returned to Germany and took up residence in East Berlin. He was very ill at this point. Because he was seen as an immigrant from the West and due to his son’s activities, he was only granted a small place on the East German literary scene.
He died in 1953.
Selected works.
His works include plays, poems, novels, and political essays:

</doc>
<doc id="19190809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190809" title="Wycliffe and the Pea-Green Boat">
Wycliffe and the Pea-Green Boat

Wycliffe and the Pea-Green Boat (1975) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley, featuring his recurring protagonist Charles Wycliffe.
Synopsis.
Somebody has booby trapped a boat in the ownership of Cedric Tremain's father, blowing him apart. Following Cedric's subsequent arrest, his fellow villagers are unanimous in their belief that he isn't a likely murderer. However, circumstantial evidence soon begins piling up and conspiring against the hapless sailor. 
When Wycliffe arrives on the scene of the crime, he too finds himself believing Cedric's protestations of innocence, and soon establishes a link between the current murder and that of a young woman twenty years ago, supposedly strangled by a cousin of Cedric's, who served fourteen years of a commuted death sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="19190813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190813" title="Eninho">
Eninho

Ênio Oliveira Júnior shortly Eninho (born May 16, 1981 in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Changchun Yatai in the Chinese Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="19190819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190819" title="Wang Zongyue">
Wang Zongyue

Wang Zongyue was a legendary figure in the history of t'ai chi ch'uan (taijiquan). In some writings, Wang was a famous student of the legendary Zhang Sanfeng, a 13th-century Taoist monk credited with devising neijia in general and t'ai chi ch'uan in particular.
Wang is also said to have resided in Tai-Gu County, Shan Xi Province in the middle of the 15th Century, and to have learned an early form of t'ai chi in the Jing-Tai Taoist Temple at Bao-ji County. Two who are said to be Wang's disciples, Chen Zouting and Jiang Fa, went on to make important contributions to the development of modern t'ai chi ch'uan.
Wang is reputed to have authored "The T'ai Chi Treatise", alleged by the Wu brothers to have been found in Beijing as part of the "Salt Shop Manuals" in the mid 19th century. This treatise records many t'ai chi proverbs; among them: "four ounces deflect one thousand pounds" and "a feather cannot be added; nor can a fly alight". The "T'ai Chi Treatise" is among a body of literature collectively referred to as the "T'ai chi classics" by many t'ai chi ch'uan schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19190841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190841" title="St. Paul's Episcopal School">
St. Paul's Episcopal School

St. Paul's Episcopal School is an independent, religious, co-educational preparatory school in Mobile, Alabama.
History.
St. Paul's Episcopal School was founded in 1947 with one section of twenty kindergarten students. William S. Mann, former Rector of St. Paul's Episcopal Church, nurtured the development of the parish school from 1953 until he left St. Paul's in 1969. With the addition of sections and grades, enrollment grew to 243 students by 1965. In 1966 Jack Noble White joined the staff at the church as organist/choirmaster and minister of youth. He then succeeded Rev. Mann as Headmaster of the growing school. St. Paul's ceased to be a parish school with its incorporation as an independent institution in 1968, yet maintained its parochial core in Episcopal dogma as compliment to a growing academic curriculum.. The original Dogwood Lane campus, which included the main building and , was purchased in 1969. Primary grades remained housed at the church property with upper levels moving to the new property only two blocks away. Students of that year's 6th grade class progressed throughout each following school year - becoming original members of each grade level - until expansion was complete through grade 12. In 1974, the first graduation was held for 73 seniors. Mr. White had completed the expansion of the church school that Rev. Mann had begun. That summer of 1974 found St. Paul's with 53 employees and 800 students. Jack Noble White's vision and leadership remained active as Headmaster into 1976 and at the church through 1977. He was followed by Headmasters Webb Reyner (previously Asst. Headmaster under White) and Rufus Bethea. All worked steadfastly to create and maintain exemplary standards across all school programs including academics, athletics, music and spiritual guidance. These first St. Paul's students established a campus of superior reputation based on both sacred and secular honor system philosophies that foster student contributions of individual learning and talents as effort toward the more holistic goals (like teamwork and cooperation) and objectives that act to unify the student body into a single school community. These tenets of interdependence, independence, faith, and honor continue to nourish the growth of Saint Paul's almost fifty years later as it currently employees more than 200 personnel and has an enrollment of over 1000 students.
Description.
Structure.
The school has a four-level structure: the Lower School (Pre-K through 2nd grade), the Intermediate School (3rd grade and 4th grade), the Middle School (5th grade through 8th grade), and the Upper School (9th grade through 12th grade).
Campus.
The main campus houses the Intermediate School, Middle School, and Upper School grade-levels. The main building, off Dogwood Lane, can be found on "The Horseshoe." "The Horseshoe" is a looping driveway that surrounds Saints' Square, a memorial-square and common meeting place on the school's campus. Also located on the main campus are buildings containing 85 classrooms, auxiliary buildings, two gymnasiums, a football field and track, a baseball field, a softball field, multiple practice fields, and a cafeteria.
The Lower School campus is separate from the school's main campus and can be found 0.4 miles down Old Shell Road at the same location as the church associated with the school.
Athletics.
St. Paul's has won a total of 169 Alabama state championships in 17 sports, including: baseball, girls' basketball, girls' cross-country, boys' cross-country, boys' football, boys' golf, girls' golf, girls' indoor track, boys' indoor track, girls' soccer, girls' swimming and diving, girls' tennis, boys' tennis, girls' outdoor track, boys' outdoor track, volleyball, and girls' heptathlon.
St. Paul's also has a long-standing athletic rivalry with UMS-Wright, another local private high school that is just 2.2 miles away down Old Shell Road. In football, the two teams meet every year in a game called the Battle of Old Shell Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19190854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190854" title="Powerlifting at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Powerlifting at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Powerlifting at the 2000 Summer Paralympics consisted of 20 events.

</doc>
<doc id="19190859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190859" title="USS Glacier (AK-183)">
USS Glacier (AK-183)

USS "Glacier" (AK-183) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. She served the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations for a short period of time before being decommissioned and returned to the U.S. Maritime Administration for dispositioning. 
Built in Superior, Wisconsin.
The third ship to be so named by the Navy, "Glacier" (AK-183) was launched 22 April 1944 under a Maritime Commission contract by Walter Butler Shipbuilding, Inc., Superior, Wisconsin; sponsored by Miss Agnes Kennedy; acquired 29 March 1945 and commissioned 14 April 1945, Lt. C. L. Hitchcock, USNR, in command.
World War II-related service.
Following shakedown off Galveston, Texas, "Glacier" loaded lumber and metal drums at New Orleans, Louisiana, and sailed 18 May 1945 for Pearl Harbor, where she put in 12 June to off-load her cargo. 
Underway 29 June with building supplies for Kwajalein, she returned via Eniwetok to San Francisco, California, 5 August. Subsequently, a 5-month voyage out of San Francisco brought general cargo to Pearl Harbor, Tarawa, Majuro, Eniwetok, Guam, and Saipan before "Glacier" moored at Norfolk, Virginia, 1 February 1946, her missions accomplished. 
Post-war decommissioning.
Decommissioned there 19 February 1946, she was returned to the Maritime Commission 3 days later and stricken from the Navy List 12 March 1946.
Honors and awards.
Qualified "Glacier" personnel were eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19190868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190868" title="Nuclear receptor coregulators">
Nuclear receptor coregulators

Nuclear receptor coregulators are a class of transcription coregulators that have been shown to be involved in any aspect of signaling by any member of the nuclear receptor superfamily. A comprehensive database of nuclear receptor coregulators can be found at the Nuclear Receptor Signaling Atlas website.
Introduction.
The ability of nuclear receptors to alternate between activation and repression in response to specific molecular cues, is now known to be attributable in large part to a diverse group of cellular factors, collectively termed coregulators and including coactivators and corepressors. The study of nuclear receptors owed a debt to decades of historical endocrinology and pathology, and prior to their discovery there was a wealth of empirical evidence that suggested their existence. Coregulators, in contrast, have been the subject of a rapid accumulation of functional and mechanistic data which is yet to be consolidated into an integrated picture of their biological functions. While this article refers to the historical terms "coactivator" and "corepressor" it should be noted that this distinction is less clear than was at first thought, and it is now known that cell type, cell signaling state and promoter identity can influence the direction of action of any given coregulator.
Coregulators are often incorrectly referred to as cofactors, which are small, non-protein molecules required by an enzyme for full activity, e.g. NAD+.
Coactivators.
"See also coactivators"
As far back as the early 1970s, receptor-associated nonhistone proteins were known to support the function of nuclear receptors. In the early 1990s, some investigators such as Keith Yamamoto had suggested a role for non-DNA "nuclear acceptor" molecules. A biochemical strategy designed in Myles Brown’s laboratory provided the first direct evidence of ligand-dependent recruitment by nuclear receptors of ancillary molecules.
The yeast two-hybrid protein-protein interaction assay led to the identification of an array of receptor-interacting factors in David Moore’s laboratory and RIP140 repressive protein was discovered in Malcolm Parker’s laboratory.
The stage was now set for the cloning of the coactivators. The first authentic, common nuclear receptor coactivator was steroid receptor coactivator 1, or SRC-1, first cloned in Bert O’Malley’s laboratory. SRC-1 and two related proteins, GRIP-1, cloned first by Michael Stallcup, and ACTR/p/CIP, initially identified in Ron Evans and Geoff Rosenfeld’s lab, together make up the SRC family of coactivators. The SRC family is defined by the presence in the N-terminus of tandem PAS and beta-HLH motifs; a centrally-located domain which binds the coactivators CBP and p300; and a C-terminal region which mediates interaction with the CARM-1 coactivator. Malcolm Parker’s laboratory was the first to show that a recurring structural feature of many coactivators is an alpha-helical LXXLL motif (a contiguous sequence of 5 amino acids where L = leucine and X = any amino acid), or nuclear receptor box, present from a single to several copies in many coactivators, which is implicated in their ligand-dependent recruitment by the receptor AF-2. The SRC coactivator family, for example, has a conserved cluster of NR boxes located in the central region of each member of the family.
Coactivators can be categorized based upon their varied functional properties. To name a few, classes of coactivators include:
Corepressors.
"See also corepressors"
Transcriptional repression by corepressors is in many ways conceptually comparable to the mediation of receptor transcriptional activation by coactivators, but has an opposite outcome. Recruitment of corepressors, generally occurring in the absence of ligand, depends on a critical conformation of the receptor AF-2 domain, as well as upon nuclear receptor box-like helical motifs in the corepressor. Moreover, corepressors themselves recruit ancillary enzyme activities which help to establish or maintain the repressive state at their target promoters.
Early cell transfection experiments had shown that discrete regions of certain receptors, such as thyroid hormone receptor, were sufficient to repress, or silence, reporter genes when fused to DNA-binding domains of heterologous transcription factors, suggesting that specific cellular factors – or corepressors - might bind to these regions and silence receptors in cells.
Again, using the yeast two-hybrid screen, two corepressors were isolated in rapid succession, nuclear receptor corepressor, or NCoR, in Geoff Rosenfeld’s laboratory, and silencing mediator of retinoid and thyroid receptors, or SMRT, by Ron Evans. Alignment of the two proteins indicated that they had a largely common domain structure, suggesting parallels in their mode of action.
Mitch Lazar’s group has shown that inactive nuclear receptors recruit corepressors in part through amphipathic helical peptides called CoRNR boxes, which are similar to the coactivator nuclear receptor boxes.
In addition to these structural analogies, corepressors and coactivators have common functional themes. The acetylation state of nucleosomes on a promoter is related to the rate of transcription of the gene. Histone acetylase coactivators increase the rate of acetylation, opening the nucleosome to transcription factors; histone deacetylases recruited by corepressors reverse this reaction, silencing transcription of the target gene. Other histone modifications have similar or opposite effects on transcription.
Biology of coregulators.
The physiological role of SRC/p160s, CBP/p300 and other coactivators has been implied by knockout studies in mice of genes encoding these proteins. The effects of these deletions range from the profound effects on viability characteristic of TRAP220, CBP and p300, to the more subtle developmental and metabolic phenotypes associated with members of the SRC family. Using sequences from cloned coregulator genes, laboratories such as those led by Bert O’Malley (SRC-1), Bob Roeder (TRAP220), Geoff Rosenfeld (NCoR), and Pierre Chambon (GRIP1) were able to delete, or knockout these genes in mice. These studies showed that coactivators were required for physiological and
developmental functions of steroid and thyroid hormones in living animals, and that corepressors too have crucial roles in the development of certain organs.
General model.
Coactivators exist in large, modular complexes in the cell, and are known to participate in many different protein-protein interactions. A current model is that the composition of these complexes can become fluid, mixing and matching subunits to tailor the specific needs of different receptors, ligands or promoters. While spatiotemporal aspects of nuclear receptor and coregulator action remain poorly defined, a broad composite model of nuclear receptor action invokes corepressors as critical mediators of nuclear receptor silencing. In turn, a variety of coactivators are implicated in transcriptional activation by nuclear receptors, including SWI/SNF chromatin remodeling machines, SRC/p160s and TRAP/DRIP. The model accommodates the ability of membrane G protein coupled signaling pathways and tyrosine receptor signaling to cross-talk with coactivator and corepressor functions at the transcriptional level.
Coregulators and human disease.
With the well-documented role of nuclear receptor coregulators in a variety of molecular functions within the cell, it should come as no surprise that evidence implicates them in a wide variety of diseases states, including cancer, metabolic syndromes (obesity, diabetes) and heritable syndromes such as Rubinstein-Taybi Syndrome, Angelman Syndrome and Von Gierke's disease. A comprehensive review of the role of coregulators in human disease has been published, which shows that over 165 of the known coregulators have been implicated in human pathologies.

</doc>
<doc id="19190873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190873" title="Evansville, IN–KY Metropolitan Statistical Area">
Evansville, IN–KY Metropolitan Statistical Area

The Evansville, IN–KY, Metropolitan Statistical Area is the 142nd largest Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) in the United States. The primary city is Evansville, Indiana, the largest city in Southern Indiana and hub for Southwestern Indiana. Other Indiana cities include Boonville, Mount Vernon, Oakland City, and Princeton. Large towns in Indiana include Chandler, Fort Branch, and Newburgh. Cities in Kentucky include Henderson, Dixon, Providence, and Robards and currently covers an area of . It is the primary metropolitan area in the Illinois–Indiana–Kentucky Tri-State Area.
History.
It was originally named the Evansville, IN, Standard Metropolitan Area and was formed by the United States Census Bureau in 1950, consisting solely of Vanderburgh County, Indiana. As surrounding counties saw an increase in their population densities and the number of residents employed within Vanderburgh County, they met Census criteria to be added to the MSA. Four Indiana counties and two Kentucky counties are now a part of this MSA.
Because it includes counties in both Indiana and Kentucky, the Evansville metropolitan area is sometimes referred to as Kentuckiana. The entire region is usually referred to as the Tri-State because of Illinois bordering Posey County less than 20 miles west of Evansville and to distinguish it from the Louisville metropolitan area.
Possibilities for expansion and combination.
Another Kentucky county, Union, and two Illinois counties, White and Wabash, may be added to the metropolitan area as a significant amount of all three counties' populations commute to jobs in Vanderburgh County or any of the other five counties. Another Indiana County, Spencer, may find itself in either the Evansville or Owensboro areas. There is also a possibility that the Owensboro and Evansville Metros could become the Evansville–Owensboro, IL–IN–KY Combined Statistical Area as travel time decreases and interaction increases with improved infrastructure between the two areas with Interstate 69, the expansion of the Lloyd Expressway, as well as the new U.S. 231 corridor. The two metro areas are already a single television market.
Current Populations.
¹ County was not a part of Evansville, IN-KY MSA at the time of this Census and the county's population is not included in MSA total.

</doc>
<doc id="19190876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190876" title="Analía Gadé">
Analía Gadé

Analía Gadé (born 28 October 1931) is an Argentine film actress. She appeared in over 60 films between 1948 and 2001. She appeared in the film "Emergency Ward" which was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
She was born in Córdoba, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="19190900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190900" title="International Commission on Civil Status">
International Commission on Civil Status

The International Commission on Civil Status, or ICCS (, or CIEC), is an European intergovernmental organization and the first organization created after World War II in order to work for European integration. Provisionally established in Amsterdam, Netherlands on September 29 and 30, 1948, it predates both the Council of Europe (planned since 1946 but officially founded only in 1949) and the European Union. Seated in Strasbourg, France, the organisation currently regroups 16 member States and 8 observer States. The official language of the Commission is French.
Purpose.
Founded in the post-war context of millions of refugees, missing persons and displaced people, the organization's aim was to facilitate the cooperation between States in establishing, recognizing, validating vital records or any other type of official documents used as birth, marriage, divorce or death certificates. It did so by providing standardized translations of vital terms in vital records and via multilateral conventions (for example the Convention on the issue of multilingual extracts from civil status records which provided for hassle free acceptance of extracts and Convention on the recognition of decisions recording a sex reassignment on legal sex status). The ICCS has signed co-operation agreements with the Council of Europe (in 1955), the Hague Conference on Private International Law (in 1969), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (in 1981) and the European Union (in 1983).
States.
The official website provides a thorough list of the member and observer States of the ICCS
Member States.
Others.
Austria adhered in 1961 but withdrew in 2008; Hungary adhered in 1999 but withdrew in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19190906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190906" title="Muniz M-7">
Muniz M-7

__NOTOC__
The Muniz M-7 was a two-seat primary training biplane with tandem open cockpit and powered by a 130hp (197kW) de Havilland Gipsy Major engine. Designed by Lieutenant-Colonel Antonio Muniz, a serving officer in the Brazilian Air Force, as a primary trainer. It was first flown in October 1935 and a small production run was built for the air force by Cia Nacional de Navegacao Costiera.

</doc>
<doc id="19190925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190925" title="Somatology">
Somatology

Somatology is defined as the study or science of the human body as a branch of anthropology. This also includes the study of material substances, as in physics, chemistry, biology, botany which are under the general heading of physicalism.
Somatology is defined in World Book Dictionary as the study, or science, of the human body as a branch of anthropology. It is also defined as the study of material bodies or substances, as in physics, chemistry, biology, botany which are under the general heading of physicalism.is from the New Latin, somatologia, from the Greek somatos + logia, -logy, the study of. In ancient times, Greek was the lingua franka of much of the Mediterranean. Ancient writers, including St.Paul (see 1 Thessalonians 5:23), said that individual human beings are a complex integration of three components: body, mind and spirit—soma, psyche and pneuma.
The term “somatology” comes from Greek roots meaning “body” and “study,” so somatology is the study of the body. This term is used in a number of different ways to describe a variety of activities related to studying the body. Several colleges and universities have departments of somatology which may cover various aspects of this field. The confused uses of this term can sometimes be disorienting, but the meaning of the term is usually clear from the context of a discussion.
In one sense, somatology is the study of the body in the sense of anatomy and physiology, to learn about how the parts of the body work together. In this sense, somatology can also refer more generally to the properties associated with living organisms other than humans. The study of anatomy and physiology is important for medical practice, among other things, and is practiced in numerous colleges and universities all over the world.
People who work in this area of somatology study a variety of topics related to the body and how it functions. They may be interested in pathology, studying what happens when the body is injured or diseased, and they may also be interested in topics like biomechanics, studying the movement and articulation of the body. Training in this field can be applied to the practice of physical therapy, pathology, and many allied medical professions.
Some people may refer to physical anthropology as “somatology.” In this sense, people are interested in studying the human body as it appears in different cultures, and as it has evolved over time. Somatology can be used to learn more about a specific individual after death, and also to learn more about collective cultures and the history of humans and their close relatives. Somatologists can study topics such as human osteology, human evolution, and primate morphology as part of their work, and they can be found in the field and in the lab.
Some practitioners of alternative medicine may also refer to what they do as somatology. In this sense, the term is used to refer to the study and treatment of the body as a whole, with the application of techniques such as massage, herbal medicine, acupuncture, guided imagery, and so forth to patients. Some people in this branch of the field may focus on providing people with sources of relaxation, with some spas and massage studios referencing somatology in their promotional materials.
Students are equipped with multi-level skills and expertise in the field of skin and body care, massage therapy, reflexology, aromatherapy and stress management. The B Tech in Somatology equips a student to become a member of a multi-disciplinary team that works together with medical doctors, pharmacists, plastic surgeons, dieticians, physiotherapists and dermatologists. Graduates are also highly sought after for placement in skin care clinics, on cruise liners and health spa’s

</doc>
<doc id="19190938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190938" title="Campo Arenal Aerodrome">
Campo Arenal Aerodrome

Campo Arenal Aerodrome () is an airport in Campo Arenal in the Catamarca Province of Argentina.
The airport was built in 1995, by Minera La Alumbrera. It has many regular flights by a company called American Jet, flying small aircraft bringing workers from larger cities. This is a remote airport; driving time to larger cities such as San Miguel de Tucumán, Salta or San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca) is at least 6 hours. 

</doc>
<doc id="19190948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190948" title="Wycliffe and the Guild of Nine">
Wycliffe and the Guild of Nine

Wycliffe and the Guild of Nine (2000) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley.
Synopsis.
On the moor west of St Ives, an artists' colony has been running on the site of a disused mine, run by the married astrologers Archer and Lina. The latest member is the shadowy and beautiful Francine, who hopes to invest a legacy into the business. Because of her Scorpio star sign, Archer isn't convinced, although Lina soon accepts her offer.
However, the trouble begins when Francine is found dead, killed by a deliberately blocked gas heater. Wycliffe soon makes his presence known as a murder investigation begins, and he quickly learns that several of the creative souls assembled have justifiable reasons for not wanting the police intruding on their private affairs. ...

</doc>
<doc id="19190957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190957" title="Aden Durde">
Aden Durde

Aden Durde (born July 10, 1980) is an American football linebacker who is an international practice squad player for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League.
Professional career.
Born in Middlesex, England, Durde began his football career in the United Kingdom with the London Olympians and
played for the Scottish Claymores (2003–2004) and, after leaving the Carolina Panthers, he played for the Hamburg Sea Devils (2005–2007).

</doc>
<doc id="19190986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190986" title="Julian Taylor (singer)">
Julian Taylor (singer)

Julian Taylor is a Canadian rock singer-songwriter. Formerly associated with the band Staggered Crossing, he has continued to record and perform as a solo artist since that band's breakup in 2007.
His song "Something to Live For", which he wrote and performed as a duet with Jessica Vigars, was featured in a 2007 episode of "".

</doc>
<doc id="19190988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190988" title="Armando Crispino">
Armando Crispino

Armando Crispino (18 October 1924 – 6 October 2003) was an Italian film director and screenwriter. He was born in Biella, Piedmont. He directed nine films between 1966 and 1975. He also wrote for nine films between 1965 and 1975. Horror fans know him as the director of two Italian cult horror films, "Autopsy" and "The Dead are Alive".

</doc>
<doc id="19190993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19190993" title="YZ Cassiopeiae">
YZ Cassiopeiae

YZ Cassiopeiae (21 Cas) is a star system 89 parsecs (290 light years) away from Earth, in the constellation Cassiopeia. It comprises three stars: an eclipsing Algol-type binary and a visually fainter star about 3000 AU distant.
The primary star in the YZ Cassiopeiae system is a white subgiant (main sequence) star of spectral type A1m and 2.31 solar masses with a less massive main sequence dwarf star of type F2V and 1.35 solar masses. The apparent magnitude of the eclipsing binary varies from 5.65 to 6.05 with a period of 4.4672 days. Combined, they appear to have a spectral type of A2IV.
The binary has a dimmer (magnitude 9.7 according to Norton, or 10.5 by SIMBAD) companion of 0.8 solar mass orbiting with a period of about 86580 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19191006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191006" title="Five Go to Mystery Moor">
Five Go to Mystery Moor

Five Go to Mystery Moor (published in 1954) is a popular children's book written by Enid Blyton. It is the thirteenth novel in the Famous Five series of books. 
Plot introduction.
George and Anne are spending their holiday at a riding school called "Captain Johnson's Riding School" by themselves. There, George meets a girl called Henrietta who is similar to her in that she likes being a boy. One day, George and Anne hear about gypsies across "Mystery Moor" and become very curious about it. But when Julian and Dick decide to come to the stables and hear about the gypsies, the fun begins. The four children meet a blacksmith who tells them a story about "Mystery Moor". The four children decide to follow the gypsies and camp on the moor. There is something strange happening on "Mystery Moor". The Famous Five risk treacherous mists to follow the gypsies across the moor—but will the trail lead to danger?

</doc>
<doc id="19191007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191007" title="Anton Kravchenko">
Anton Kravchenko

Anton Kravchenko (; born 23 March 1991 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender playing in the professional Ukrainian First League club FC Helios Kharkiv.

</doc>
<doc id="19191012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191012" title="Muniz M-9">
Muniz M-9

__NOTOC__
The Muniz M-9 was a two-seat training biplane with tandem open cockpit and powered by a 200hp (149kW) 130hp (197kW) de Havilland Gipsy Six engine. Designed by Lieutenant-Colonel Antonio Muniz, a serving officer in the Brazilian Air Force, as an advanced trainer and was very similar to his earlier M-7 primary trainer. It was first flown in 1937 and a small production run was built for the air force by Cia Nacional de Navegacao Costiera.

</doc>
<doc id="19191013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191013" title="NK Aluminij">
NK Aluminij

Nogometni Klub Aluminij (), commonly referred to as NK Aluminij or simply Aluminij, is a Slovenian football club from Kidričevo, playing in the Slovenian Second League. The club was founded in 1946.
Current squad.
"As of 15 January 2014"
Honours.
League
Cup

</doc>
<doc id="19191053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191053" title="Five Have a Wonderful Time">
Five Have a Wonderful Time

Five Have A Wonderful Time (published in 1952) is a popular children's book written by Enid Blyton. It is the eleventh novel in the Famous Five series of books.

</doc>
<doc id="19191067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191067" title="Len Attewell">
Len Attewell

Len Attewell (31 December 1895 – 26 February 1983) was a Welsh international rugby union prop who played club rugby for Newport.
Rugby career.
Attewell began his rugby career with Newport Docks team Pill Harriers, but moved to Newport in 1914. A tough front row player, Attewell played at prop and hooker positions. In 1921 he was selected for the Welsh team against England on 15 January 1921. The Welsh team held several Newport players, including captain, Jack Wetter and centre Jerry Shea, but lost the match 18-3. He played three games for Wales, all in the 1921 Five Nations Championship
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19191080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191080" title="Probabilistic prognosis">
Probabilistic prognosis

Probabilistic prognosis means the anticipation of future events based on a probabilistic structure of past experiences of individual and present situations. Past experiences and present situations help to create hypothesis about the forthcoming future and attributes certain probabilities to them. According to probabilistic prognosis, the preparation of an individual occurs to corresponding actions.
This ability is the result of biological evolution in a probabilistically organized environment. The prognosis of living creatures optimizes the results of their actions, and therefore they are adequate, exactly to those variable characteristics of environment on which the success of action – satisfaction of needs, achieving goals, depends on.
Under some pathological conditions, such as schizophrenia, local damage of the brain, the probabilistic prognosis mechanism can be disturbed. The theory of probabilistic prognosis originated as a continuation of Nikolai Bernstein’s ideas stated in his work “Essays of the Physiology of Movement and Physiology of Activity” (1966)
A new direction of studies of probabilistic prognosis started with works of Professor J.Feigenberg(1969), Professor M.Tsiskaridze (1969), and Preofessor V.Ivannikov(1971), and later were widely explored by other scientists. Studies of probabilistic prognosis remain topical until now and have many followers.

</doc>
<doc id="19191086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191086" title="Hard Kaur">
Hard Kaur

Taran Kaur Dhillon (born 29 July 1979), known by her stage name Hard Kaur, is a British Indian rapper and hip hop singer; as well as playback singer and actress in Bollywood. She is often credited to be the first female Indian rapper.
Early life.
Hard Kaur was born Taran Kaur Dhillon in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, where her mother ran a small beauty parlour in the house. When she was young, she lost her father and her mother's beauty parlour was burnt a few days after her father's death. Her paternal grandparents asked her mother to leave their house and wanted to keep her brother with them. Subsequently she, her brother and her mother moved to Hoshiarpur to her maternal grandparents house, where they stayed for the next couple of years.
In 1991 her mother remarried a British citizen and her family moved to Birmingham, England, where her mother started working and studying to eventually open a beauty salon. Meanwhile Hard Kaur did her schooling. After developing interest in hip-hop she started her music career as a rapper.
Career.
She recorded the song "Ek Glassy" and was top for the UK then in 2007 rapped for Sriram Raghavan's movie "Johnny Gaddaar"'s song "Paisa Phek (Move Your Body)." Since then she has sung in movies like "Ugly Aur Pagli" ("Talli"), "Singh Is Kinng", "Kismat Konnection", "Bachna Ae Haseeno", "Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag", "Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani", and "Prince".
Kaur performed at Live Earth India, 2008.
Her first solo album "Supawoman" was released in 2007.
In 2008 Hard Kaur was nominated for two awards at the UK Asian Music Awards: "Best Urban Act" and "Best Female Act". She won "Best Female Act".
In October 2012, Hard Kaur released her second music album titled "Party Loud All Year: P.L.A.Y". The album, produced in collaboration with Sony music, featured ten songs, all of which were written and composed by her. The most successful song of the album was "Mujhe peeney do".
In May 2013 whilst Hard Kaur was performing when she was alleged to hurt Sikh sentiments by being derogatory.
In 2013 - she collaborated with composer Ram Sampath and Rajasthani folk singer Bhanvari Devi for Coke Studio India. In the song Katey or Kathe - Bhanvari Devi's part is a Rajasthani folk song which is dedicated to Lord Krishna (Saanwariyo) and Rap by Hard Kaur - written by herself in which she express her personal life journey.

</doc>
<doc id="19191092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191092" title="Henry J. Stainrook">
Henry J. Stainrook

Henry J. Stainrook, occasionally spelled Steinrock, led a regiment of the Army of Virginia and the Army of the Potomac in the American Civil War. He briefly led a brigade at the Battle of Antietam. Stainrook was killed in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Before Antietam.
Stainrook was a resident of Chester County, Pennsylvania, at the outbreak of the war. Following President Abraham Lincoln's call for 100,00 volunteers to put down the rebellion, Stainrook enlisted on April 23, 1861 in the Union Army as the captain of Company C of the 22nd Pennsylvania Infantry, a three-months' regiment. He was honorably mustered out following the expiration of his term of enlistment.
Subsequently, Stainrook was involved in organizing the 109th Pennsylvania Infantry and was commissioned its colonel with a nominal date of November 1, 1861. The regiment encamped in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, near the State House before going to Virginia. His unit eventually became a part of the Army of Virginia under Maj. Gen. John Pope. Stainrook was wounded in the abdomen by a shell fragment at the Battle of Cedar Mountain during the Northern Virginia Campaign. 
The 109th Pennsylvania served in the brigade of Brig. Gen. Henry Prince in the 2nd Division, II Corps at the Battle of Cedar Mountain on August 9, 1862. Brig. Gen. Christopher C. Augur led the division, and Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks led the corps. In their first battle, the 109th advanced under Confederate fire. Col Stainrook was wounded by Confederate artillery, but he refused to leave the field. The corps missed the Second Battle of Bull Run because it was guarding the army’s rear areas. The 109th helped cover the army’s retreat, destroying supplies that could not be moved.
Antietam.
After the removal of John Pope, his army was dissolved; and its units joined the Army of the Potomac. The old II Corps became XII Corps. Maj. Gen.Joseph K. Mansfield now the corps, and Brig. Gen. George S. Greene led the 2nd division at the Battle of Antietam. After the I Corps had been exhausted in combat, the XII Corps went into the fray. One brigade (Goodrich) was detached from Greene’s Division to join the Iron Brigade in the vicinity of the Miller Cornfield. The other brigades, under Lt. Col. Hector Tyndale and Stainrook, were committed to an attack on the high ground around the Dunker Church (Stainrook was without his own regiment, which was on detached duty.)
Stainrook’s brigade, after some confusion in deploying, passed through the East Woods, driving away the remains of the division of BG John Bell Hood. Then it advanced with the Mumma farm buildings, already set afire by retreating Confederates on its left. The brigade moved along the axis of the Smoketown Road and reached the high ground at the Dunker Church. Greene’s advance stopped there. Once Maj. Gen. John Sedgwick’s division of the II Corps had been driven from the West Woods, Greene was forced to retreat. His two brigades rallied behind the ridge line of the Mumma farm. They reformed but did not advance again. After the battle, General Greene commended Steinrook for his conduct in the battle.
After Antietam.
The XII Corps was not involved in the campaign leading to the Battle of Fredericksburg. It did participate in the Mud March. In between, Stainrook was back in brigade command from December 22, 1862, to January 3, 1863. When Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker undertook the Chancellorsville Campaign in the spring of 1863, Stainrook’s regiment was in the brigade of Brig. Gen. Thomas L. Kane in the 2nd Division of the XII Corps under Brig. Gen. John W. Geary. Geary’s Division was heavily engaged at Chancellorsville. Stainrook commanded the brigade’s skirmish line on May 1 near Hazel Grove, facing southward. On May 2, the XII Corps had to redeploy because of the flank attack launched by Stonewall Jackson on the XI Corps. By the end of the day, the division of Brig. Gen. Alpheus Williams was facing west, while Geary’s Division faced south, both deployed the east of Hazel Grove. On May 3 and 4 XII Corps was positioned near the Chancellorsville House, receiving heavy fire from Confederate troops. Stainrook was killed on May 4, 1863, “while encouraging his men.”

</doc>
<doc id="19191121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191121" title="Chef &amp; Brewer">
Chef &amp; Brewer

Chef & Brewer is a chain of around 127 licensed traditional pub restaurants in the United Kingdom, owned by Spirit Pub Company plc.
History.
Following the merger of Grand Metropolitan and Guinness, to form Diageo in 1991, Chef & Brewer pubs were bought by Scottish & Newcastle in 1993 in a part cash, part debentures deal of £708 million. In 2003, Scottish & Newcastle auctioned off the Chef & Brewer chain, which was acquired by the Spirit Group. In 2005 the Spirit Group was acquired by Punch Taverns. In 2011 the Chef & Brewer chain became part of Spirit Pub Company plc following its demerger from Punch Taverns. 
The pubs are known for their family friendly atmosphere and have recently featured in Tesco Clubcard promotions.
Locations.
Many of the pubs operated by Chef & Brewer are historic pub / inn locations:

</doc>
<doc id="19191140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191140" title="Llanfair, Gwynedd">
Llanfair, Gwynedd

Llanfair is a village and community in the Ardudwy area of Gwynedd in Wales. It has a population of 474.
The village of Llanfair is situated to the east of the A496 coastal road between Llanbedr and Harlech.
The parish church of St Mair (St Mary), dating from the 12th century, was restored in the 19th century. It is a grade II* listed building. 
The Chwarel Hen slate quarry, which operated in the 19th and early 20th century, is situated close to the village and is open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="19191142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191142" title="Rizvan Ablitarov">
Rizvan Ablitarov

Rizvan Ablitarov (; born 18 April 1989 in Shahrisabz, Uzbek SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender of Crimean Tatar origin playing in the professional Ukrainian First League on loan for club FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi.
Ablitarov is product of youth team systems of UOR Simferopol.

</doc>
<doc id="19191170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191170" title="SC Bonifika">
SC Bonifika

Sport Club Bonifika, commonly referred to as SC Bonifika or simply Bonifika, was a Slovenian football club. It has played in Koper until 2008, when it moved to Izola, intending to merge with MNK Izola. In the spring period of the 2008–09 season, the club moved to Sežana, but withdrew from competition after only one match.

</doc>
<doc id="19191171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191171" title="Dølemo">
Dølemo

Dølemo is a village in the municipality of Åmli in Aust-Agder county, Norway. The village has a population of about 200. It is home to the municipal kindergarten, an elementary school, a shop, and many thriving clubs and organizations. Dølemo is often called "the voluntary village", the reason for this being the citizens' dedication when the annual Dølemo Market has to be arranged in the last week of August.
History.
Dølemo was founded as a village around 1880. The first houses to be built in Dølemo were old farmhouses which were moved over from Eppeland. At the time, Dølemo had a café, a shoemaker, and a post office. Many of the inhabitants used to work in the surrounding forests for landowners from around Dølemo. Dølemo was a place for people to hold markets and horse races. This tradition becomes apparent in local place names around Dølemo, as well as on two old boundary stones that remind of the times.
Culture.
Dølemo is mostly known for the Dølemo Market which was first held in 1980. Every year Dølemo Market attracts about 15,000 visitors to a traditional fair that focuses on commerce and entertainment. Dølemo has also a heavily involved sports club, Dølemo IL, with sections for skiing, cycling, skating, and physical training groups for children and adults. The Dølemo Village Club is responsible for public buildings and outdoor areas and the Shooting Club has meetings for children and adults both in summer and winter time. The youth club gathers every other Friday night and is popular with the local youth.
Tourism.
Dølemo is situated at the Tovdalselva river, which provides great opportunities for swimming and fishing. The Kallingsheia Heath provides opportunities for recreation and for visiting genuine wilderness. Dølemo IL has constructed a shelter that can be used by all visitors to the heath. Arendal and Oppland Turistforening's network of cross-country ski runs starts at Dølemo and it is possible to ski on a nonstop track to Trondheim.
The Hillestad Gallery is located from Dølemo in Tovdal.

</doc>
<doc id="19191173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191173" title="Andriy Nelin">
Andriy Nelin

Andriy Valeriyovych Nelin (born 17 July 1991 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender playing in the professional Ukrainian Premier League Reserve club FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk Reserves and Youth Team.

</doc>
<doc id="19191182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191182" title="Red Army Choir">
Red Army Choir

The term Red Army Choir may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19191185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191185" title="Francis Taylor, 1st Baron Maenan">
Francis Taylor, 1st Baron Maenan

William Francis Kyffin Taylor, 1st Baron Maenan GBE, KC, DL, JP (9 July 1854 – 22 September 1951), was a prominent English barrister and judge.
Background and education.
Taylor was the son of the Venerable William Francis Taylor, Archdeacon of Liverpool. He was born in Liverpool, Lancashire, educated at Liverpool College (of which he became Vice-President in 1927) and later attended Exeter College, Oxford, where he graduated as BA in 1877. He studied law at the Inner Temple and became barrister in 1879.
Two of his brothers were notable local politicians: Brigadier-General Gerald Kyffin-Taylor, MP for Kirkdale, and Austin Kyffin Taylor, MP for East Toxteth.
Legal and judicial career.
Taylor's legal career was one of prestige, becoming a Q.C. in 1895 and holding the office of Presiding Judge of the Court of Passage between 1903 and 1948. Other offices he held included Recorder of Bolton in 1901-03, Bencher of the Inner Temple in 1905, Justice of the Peace for Shropshire (1916), Deputy Lieutenant of Shropshire (1931), Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for Shropshire, Judge of Appeal for the Isle of Man between 1918 and 1921, Vice-President of the War Compensation Court between 1920 and 1928 and Treasurer of the Inner Temple in 1926. He was also a Commissioner of the Ministry of Transport in 1928. He retired from the bench in April 1948, aged 93 years and 9 months and only three years before his death, making him then the oldest serving judge in Great Britain.
Taylor was invested as a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in 1918, and promoted to Knight Grand Cross (GBE) in 1929. For his services to the judiciary he was raised to the peerage as Baron Maenan, of Ellesmere in the County of Shropshire, on 29 June 1948, then aged 93 and the oldest person ever to be made a peer.
Family.
Lord Maenan married Mary, daughter of Robert Crooks, in 1883.
In later life he had a country home in Shropshire at Gadlas Hall in Dudleston Heath, which he rented out to Charles de Gaulle's family during their exile in England in the Second World War.
He died in September 1951, aged 97. His title became extinct on his death as he had no male heir. The Francis Taylor Building (built in 1957) in the Inner Temple is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19191186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191186" title="MNK Izola">
MNK Izola

Mladinski Nogometni Klub Izola (), commonly referred to as MNK Izola or simply Izola, is a Slovenian football club from Izola, which currently plays in the Slovenian Third League. Izola was established in 1996 after the dissolvement of NK Izola, a club which folded following the 1995–96 Slovenian PrvaLiga season due to a high financial debt. Legally, the two clubs' track records and honours are kept separate by the Football Association of Slovenia.
Supporters.
Izola have an ultras group, which is called the "Ribari Izola".

</doc>
<doc id="19191217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191217" title="MWF Heavyweight Championship">
MWF Heavyweight Championship

The MWF Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling title in American independent promotion Millennium Wrestling Federation. The title was created when Tiger Mulligan defeated John Brooks in a 17-man "Soul Survivor" competition in Lynn, Massachusetts on May 31, 2003. The title was primarily defended in the greater Boston area as well as in southern New England. There have been a total of 7 recognized individual champions, who have had a combined 9 official reigns.

</doc>
<doc id="19191218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191218" title="List of Denver Nuggets head coaches">
List of Denver Nuggets head coaches

The Denver Nuggets are an American professional basketball team based in Denver, Colorado. They play in the Northwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Nuggets were originally founded as the Denver Rockets of the American Basketball Association (ABA) in 1967. In 1974, in anticipation of moving to the NBA, the franchise held a contest to choose a new trademarked name for the team, as Rockets was already in use by the Houston Rockets and the name Nuggets won. In 1976, the ABA folded, and the NBA decided to admit four ABA teams into the league, including the Nuggets, the San Antonio Spurs, the Indiana Pacers and the New York Nets.
There have been 19 head coaches for the Nuggets franchise. The franchise's first head coach was Bob Bass, who led the team to the division semifinals, losing to the New Orleans Buccaneers. Doug Moe won the NBA Coach of the Year Award for the . Moe is the franchise's all-time leader in both regular season and playoff games coached and wins. Larry Brown is the only Nuggets coach to be inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame, although John McLendon was inducted as a contributor, but not a coach. In 1976, Brown coached the Nuggets to the team's only ABA championship game. John McLendon, Joe Belmont, Donnie Walsh, Dan Issel, Bill Hanzlik, Mike Evans, Jeff Bzdelik, and Michael Cooper spent their entire ABA coaching careers with the Nuggets. As of September 2008, the coach of the Nuggets is George Karl until he was fired by GM Masai Ujiri on June 2013. After the 2013 NBA Finals, Brian Shaw was hired by Denver Nuggets to be their head coach. 
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the ."

</doc>
<doc id="19191220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191220" title="Dennie–Morgan fold">
Dennie–Morgan fold

A Dennie–Morgan fold, also known as a Dennie–Morgan line or an infraorbital fold, is a fold or line in the skin below the lower eyelid caused by edema in atopic dermatitis. The presence of Dennie–Morgan folds is used as a diagnostic marker for allergy.

</doc>
<doc id="19191236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191236" title="Wycliffe and the Dunes Mystery">
Wycliffe and the Dunes Mystery

Wycliffe and the Dunes Mystery (1993) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley. 
Synopsis.
Fifteen years ago, Cochran Wilder supposedly vanished during a walking holiday in Cornwall, and has now just been released from a psychiatric hospital, where he was incarcerated after successfully pleading insanity for an indecent assault charge. His father, a prominent MP, regards his son as a horrible embarrassment, and is in for more professional strife when Cochran's murdered body is found buried deep inside a sand dune. 
Wycliffe suspects one (or possibly even all) of six figureheads in the local community, who had been spending an illicit weekend at a Chalet near the scene of Cohran's grisly end. When a series of threatening communications begin circulating and a second murder is committed, the sleuth finds himself caught up in a deadly race against time...

</doc>
<doc id="19191244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191244" title="Johnny Sturm">
Johnny Sturm

John Peter Joseph "Johnny" Sturm (January 23, 1916 – October 8, 2004) was a Major League Baseball player. He played with the New York Yankees during the 1941 season as their starting first baseman.
Biography.
Sturm was born in St. Louis, Missouri, in 1916. He attended Roosevelt High School in St. Louis and also played semi-pro baseball.
Sturm started his professional career in 1936 in the New York Yankees organization. In 1939 and 1940, he played for the American Association's Kansas City Blues alongside the lethal double play combination of Phil Rizzuto and Jerry Priddy. The Blues won two league championships, and Sturm hit over .300 in both seasons. He joined the Yankees in 1941, replacing Babe Dahlgren at first base.
Sturm sat on the bench early in the season but broke into the lineup after the other infielders – including Hall of Famers Rizzuto and Joe Gordon – got off to slow starts. Sturm hit just .239 for the Yankees but still batted first in the lineup the rest of the way. He later claimed to have a back injury that year. He did, however, hit .286 in the 1941 World Series; the Yankees defeated the Brooklyn Dodgers in five games. After the season, Sturm enlisted in the United States Army and served in World War II. He was out of professional baseball from 1942 to 1945 and lost the tip of his right index finger in a tractor accident.
In 1946, Sturm tried to come back to the major leagues but broke his wrist. He played and managed in the minors for the rest of the decade, hitting .360 for the Joplin Miners in 1948. He is also known as the man who first recommended Mickey Mantle to the Yankees.
Sturm retired as a player-manager in 1949. In later years, he was a scout for the Houston Colt .45s, Cincinnati Reds, and Boston Red Sox. He was elected into the Greater St. Louis Hall of Fame.
Sturm was married and had three children. He died of congestive heart failure in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19191260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191260" title="James Coleman (American artist)">
James Coleman (American artist)

James Coleman (born 1949) is an American painter who has worked for Disney as a background artist on numerous animated features. In 1991, after twenty-two years working for Disney, James left to pursue the true passion in his life, fine art.
Life and career.
James Coleman was born in Hollywood, California. He got his first job at Disney Studios, in the mailroom, through his mother, who was a secretary there. His big break came when he entered a painting in the Disney Studio Art Show. Ken Anderson, a top artist and story man for Disney, saw his potential and encouraged Coleman to go into animation background painting. This landed him his first job as a background painter on Disney's "The Rescuers".
Coleman's career took off after that: 
This was a major event for me. At first, I didn't realize just how major it was. But it literally changed my life. I had no idea what it would lead to. 
This led to a career spanning nearly three decades and more than 25 films. But Coleman's true passion always laid in Fine Art, and he eventually left Disney in order to pursue this field full time. He likens this life changing decision to a window needing to be opened: 
Windows can be intimidating because you don't know what's out there. But once you step through it, you're faced with this enormous amount of possibility. I never liked looking at windows directly, because once I see one, I have to go through it.
However, Coleman did not stay away from Disney for too long. Eventually he found himself mixing fine art with the Disney characters he had worked with for so many years.
Personal quotes.
One of the teachers said he was going to take us into his studio and show us a brush stroke he had worked his whole life to invent. I just looked at this guy and said to myself: 'This is a bunch of nonsense!' I realized he was intellectualizing something that, in my mind, was a spiritual thing. Painting isn't an intellectual study . . . it comes from the heart.
Basically, I see something, store it in my mind and study it. Then, when I get back to the studio, it just comes out . . . Everything we see is imprinted in our brain. And if we're able to connect with those images, we can call them back and use them.
I can remember Walt Disney getting the Academy Award for Mary Poppins and thinking, 'That's what I want to do someday...'
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="19191265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191265" title="NK Krško">
NK Krško

Nogometni Klub Krško (), commonly referred to as NK Krško or simply Krško, is a Slovenian football club from Krško, which plays in the Slovenian Second League. The club was founded in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="19191266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191266" title="Turun Palloseura (floorball)">
Turun Palloseura (floorball)

Turun Palloseura (TPS) is one of the oldest sports clubs in Finland. It was founded in 1922 and floorball department was founded in 1995. The floorball department has over 850 members and it is the third largest floorball club in Finland. Both men and women play in nations highest league Salibandyliiga.
History.
The history of TPS's department of floorball begun in 1995 when a team named "I.K.A. SBS" gave their position in the men's top floorball league to TPS. Also a large number of players from I.K.A. SBS transferred to TPS. However, TPS soon fell from the top league to the I-division. It was until the end of season 2006-07 when men won the I-division and rose again to Salibandyliiga.

</doc>
<doc id="19191298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191298" title="2006 PBZ Zagreb Indoors – Singles">
2006 PBZ Zagreb Indoors – Singles

Ivan Ljubičić won the title, defeating Stefan Koubek 6–3, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19191300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191300" title="No. 1 Parachute Training School RAF">
No. 1 Parachute Training School RAF

No.1 Parachute Training School RAF (No.1 PTS) is a Royal Air Force training unit that was initially based at RAF Ringway, now Manchester Airport and is currently based at RAF Brize Norton. It was formed at Ringway on 21 June 1940 as the Central Landing School and from 1 October 1940 it was designated as the Parachute Training Squadron of the Central Landing Establishment. Following growth in the unit's task, it became an independent unit as the Parachute Training School on 15 February 1942. Following formation of a second school in India, the current name of No.1 Parachute Training School was adopted on 27 July 1944.
History and operations.
Between June 1940 and early 1946, No.1 PTS provided initial training to all 60,000 allied paratroopers who volunteered or were recruited for that role in Europe. In addition to British troops, men from many nationalities trained to jump at RAF Ringway and nearby Tatton Park including Americans, Belgians, Canadians, Czechs, Dutch, French, Norwegian and Poles. 
Agents of the Special Operations Executive, both men and women were also given parachute training by No.1 PTS to enable those who were to be dropped into occupied territory to do so safely. To maintain secrecy, these men and women were accommodated in separate secure premises in Bowdon and Styal and were trained in select groups. 
No.1 PTS moved from Ringway to RAF Upper Heyford on 28 March 1946 and has been based at RAF Brize Norton since moving from RAF Abingdon, where it was based from 1950 to April 1976. Throughout its time in Oxfordshire, No.1 PTS has used the airfield at RAF Weston-on-the-Green, adjacent to the M40 motorway, as its drop zone.
Prior to and during the period March 1949 to May 1950 the unit was used additionally for the training of glider pilots. The gliders were Airspeed Horsas, towed by the Dakota transports used for parachute training. (See also article "No 1 Parachute and Glider Training School" of 6 June 2012) 
Commanded by a squadron leader, the School today comprises 5 Flights. Military Training Flight is responsible for training all Army, Navy and RAF airborne forces in static line training disciplines up to 12 000 ft. Specialist Training Flight is responsible for free fall parachute training and all static line parachuting that requires the use of oxygen. Instructor Training Flight teaches Parachute Jumping Instructors in all parachuting disciplines. Adventurous Training Flight delivers adventurous training courses to all Services through the medium of static line and free fall parachuting. The RAF Falcons are the only MOD sponsored display team and provide spectacular displays around the UK.
Memorials.
A large granite memorial to the existence, personnel and wartime achievements of No.1 PTS is on permanent public display in a small memorial park opposite Olympic House and Terminal 1 at Manchester Airport. Another stone memorial to No.1 PTS is at Tatton Park, located at the western edge of the landing area used in wartime by traineee parachutists.

</doc>
<doc id="19191303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191303" title="NK Triglav Kranj">
NK Triglav Kranj

Nogometni Klub Triglav Kranj (), commonly referred to as NK Triglav Kranj or simply Triglav, is a Slovenian football club from Kranj. The team currently plays in the Slovenian PrvaLiga. The club was founded in 1997
Supporters.
Triglav Kranj have an ultras group, which is called the "Small Faces".
Current squad.
"As of 12 February 2014"
Honours.
League

</doc>
<doc id="19191308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191308" title="Ja sam za ples">
Ja sam za ples

Ja sam za ples (English translation: "I'm up for a dance") was the Yugoslav entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, composed by Rajko Dujmić and Stevo Cvikić and sung by Novi Fosili in Serbo-Croatian.
Performing 21st on the night of the contest (following Ireland's Johnny Logan with "Hold Me Now" and preceding Switzerland's Carol Rich with "Moitié, moitié"), the song received 92 points, placing 4th in a field of 22.
It was succeeded as Yugoslav representative at the 1988 contest by Srebrna Krila with "Mangup".

</doc>
<doc id="19191348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191348" title="Nicholas Tchkotoua">
Nicholas Tchkotoua

Prince Nicholas Tchkotoua (1905 - 1984) was a Georgian writer. He fled his homeland after the takeover by the Bolsheviks in 1921.
In 1949, Tchkotoua published a novel "Timeless"' he wrote in English, claimed as the first-ever internationally published novel written by a Georgian. In the novel, set in Tbilisi, Lausanne and Paris before the First World War, Georgian Prince Shota’s love for his Taya, a Russian princess, remains faithful even when outside forces manipulate their emotions, prise them apart and Shota ends up betrothed to an American. But it is the emotion, rather than the betrothal, that concerns the author. A new, re-edited version of the novel was published in 2008.
Tchkotoua asked that after his death his heart be buried in Georgia. In 1988 his family smuggled it back to the cemetery in Vera, Tbilisi - where it lies to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="19191364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191364" title="Breeze detergent">
Breeze detergent

Breeze detergent is a soapless cleansing agent released in 1947 by Lever Brothers. During April the company introduced it in six cities in the Midwestern United States. The product had a capital investment of $2,000,000. In the end of 1970s, it was owned by Unilever after Lever Brothers merged with Margarine Unie in 1930.
Breeze detergent began with an advertising campaign in seventeen newspaper, covering six markets. The Federal Advertising Agency was responsible for advertising coordination. In 1956 a
box of king size Breeze was offered with a free Cannon Mills Company bath towel and a fifty cent voucher for buying, in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
A commercial aired nationally as part of the CBS Television Network program Love is a Many Splendored Thing on 1 December 1967 also features the "free towel with every box" offer, and this commercial can be seen online on various websites such as the Internet Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="19191383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191383" title="Maksym Hramm">
Maksym Hramm

Maksym Andriyevych Hramm (born 27 January 1991 in Kryvyi Rih, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder playing in the professional Ukrainian Premier League Reserve club FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk Reserves and Youth Team.

</doc>
<doc id="19191384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191384" title="MWF Television Championship">
MWF Television Championship

The MWF Television Championship is a professional wrestling title in American independent promotion Millennium Wrestling Federation. The title was created when "Die Hard" Eddie Edwards defeated "Mr. 630" Jerelle Clark in the finals of a championship tournament to crown the first MWF Television Champion on February 5, 2003. The title is primarily defended in the Greater Boston Area and southern New England. 

</doc>
<doc id="19191491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191491" title="St. Mary's Church, Clifton">
St. Mary's Church, Clifton

St. Mary's Church, Clifton is a parish church in the Church of England in Clifton, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church is medieval. It was restored by Lewis Nockalls Cottingham in 1846, C. Hodgson Fowler in 1874, George Frederick Bodley in 1884, George Pace and Ronald Sims between 1969 and 1979.
Features.
The reredos formerly at the Society of the Sacred Mission at Kelham College and much of the decoration is by George Frederick Bodley.
Organ.
The organ is by Marcussen & Søn of Denmark and was installed in 1973. The organist at this time was Ian Abernethy.

</doc>
<doc id="19191495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191495" title="Wycliffe and the Tangled Web">
Wycliffe and the Tangled Web

Wycliffe and the Tangled Web (1988) is a crime novel by Cornwish writer W. J. Burley. 
Synopsis.
Shortly after informing her boyfriend and sister of her pregnancy, a young woman from a quiet Welsh village goes missing, opening up the possibility that she may have been raped or murdered. When a body surfaces, Wycliffe thinks he may have solved the vanishing, but his theory is soon dashed after an identification proves it isn't her. As he recommences his investigation, he steadily unwinds a tangled web of complex family relationships, rivalries and pure hatred, and ultimately uncovering the unclaimed corpse as a red herring.

</doc>
<doc id="19191507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191507" title="Ladder Chine">
Ladder Chine

Ladder Chine is a geological feature on the south west coast of the Isle of Wight, England ( the Back of the Wight). It is west of the village of Chale. It is a sandy coastal ravine, one of a number of such chines on the island created by stream erosion of soft Cretaceous rocks. It leads from the 190 foot high clifftop to a knickpoint approximately halfway down the cliff face above Chale Bay beach.
The Chine is the first and largest of three chines that have been eroded by a small unnamed brook that descends from Chale that drains rainwater from the west side of St. Catherine's Hill. The other two chines are Walpen Chine and New Chine. The brook initially wound its way to the cliff face and its descent over the edge created Ladder chine. As the cliff eroded, the brook found a shorter path to the sea and has creating the two other chines to the east of Ladder chine. Ladder Chine is now dry. 
The Isle of Wight Coastal Path runs along the cliff top above this chine. 
Many Southern Vectis buses carry names that relate to coastal features around the Isle of Wight and Mini Pointer Dart 316, registered SN03LDU, carried the name Ladder Chine before being sold. Coach 590 now carries the name following repaint in Island Coaster livery for a route that operates along the Military Road, close to Ladder Chine.

</doc>
<doc id="19191527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191527" title="Muniz Casmuniz 52">
Muniz Casmuniz 52

__NOTOC__
The Muniz Casmuniz 52 was a twin-engine light transport aircraft designed by Antonio Muniz in Brazil. It was the first all-metal aircraft built in Brazil, only the prototype was built.
Design and development.
Following Brazilian government restrictions on the import of foreign aircraft Antonio Muniz designed a five-seat twin-engined cabin monoplane which was first flown in April 1952. A low-wing cantilever monoplane with a 185hp (138kW) Continental E185 flat six engines mounted on the leading edge of wing. It had a tailwheel landing gear. Only the prototype was built. 

</doc>
<doc id="19191528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191528" title="Monastery of San Salvador de Celanova">
Monastery of San Salvador de Celanova

The monastery of San Salvador de Celanova is a religious complex in Celanova, Galicia, Spain. The once wealthy abbey of Benedictines was founded by St. Rudesind (San Rosendo) in 936. The jewel of the complex is the small mozarabic chapel of San Miguel, dating from 942. It is located near Allariz and from Ourense. In the garden is one of the oldest chapels in Spain, built before 973. In the abbey church are the ancient sepulchres of Ilduara and Adosinda, the mother and sister of the founder, who was buried in a sepulchre supported on four pillars, and constructed after the fashion of that of San Torcuato, one of the companions of Santiago. His body was deposited by the Christians, at the Moorish invasion, at Santa Coinba, away. Being near the frontier, some Portuguese carried it off and brought it to Celanova, whose bells began to ring of their own accord. There are two cloisters. El Processional has columns, a fountain and railing, while El Puleiro includes a sala capitular and brick mosaic pavement. The Doric church has two separate choirs, featuring a carved door and walnut silleria. There are many memorials.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19191531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191531" title="MWF Tag Team Championship">
MWF Tag Team Championship

The MWF Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling title in American independent promotion Millennium Wrestling Federation. The title was created when Todd Hanson & Beau Douglas defeated The Islanders in a Texas Tornado match at "Iron Sheik Appreciation Night" in Blackstone, Massachusetts on August 5, 2003. The four had been the last remaining teams in a Royal Rumble along with nine other tag teams. The tag team titles are primarily defended in the greater Boston area and southern New England. There have been a total of 5 recognized individual champions and 3 recognized teams, who have had a combined 4 official reigns. 

</doc>
<doc id="19191544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191544" title="Sawyer Center">
Sawyer Center

The Sawyer Center, named for Raymond Sawyer, is the main athletic facility for Southern Nazarene University (SNU) and seats over 5,000. It is used for basketball and volleyball games played by the Southern Nazarene Crimson Storm. In addition to sporting events, the Sawyer Center also hosts all commencement, the New Student Institute for welcome week activities, and high school tournaments.
History.
The first event held in the Sawyer Center was SNU's annual Excel Auction on February 11, 1998. The first sporting event was one week later, when the men's and women's basketball teams took on their cross-town rivals from Oklahoma City University. The Crimson Storm defeated both teams.
From 2001 to 2008, the Sawyer Center was home to the championship games of the National Christian Homeschool Basketball Championships. Every year the event was held there, the Sawyer Center held capacity crowds. In the last 2 years of the tournament, people were being turned away because of firecodes. 
Due to the catastrophic devastation brought by Hurricane Katrina, the New Orleans Hornets franchise temporarily relocated their base of operations to Oklahoma City for two seasons in 2005-06 and 2006-07. During this time, the franchise was known as the New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets. In these two seasons, the vast majority of home games were played at the Ford Center in Oklahoma City, while a few remained at New Orleans Arena. During the New Orleans Hornets temporary relocation to Oklahoma City, the Sawyer Center was the official practice facility for the Oklahoma City/New Orleans Hornets.
The Sawyer Center will also serve as the temporary practice facility for the new Oklahoma City Thunder basketball team, until a permanent facility is built. 

</doc>
<doc id="19191551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191551" title="Oilville, Virginia">
Oilville, Virginia

Oilville is an unincorporated community in Goochland County, Virginia, United States. Oilville is located on U.S. Route 250 west-northwest of Richmond. Oilville has a post office with ZIP code 23129.
Woodlawn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
Oilville got its unusual name because there was a Sassafras oil producing plant there in the 1900‘s. For more information see:
http://oysterranch.blogspot.com/2013/11/oilville.html 

</doc>
<doc id="19191562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191562" title="Lieutenant Governor of Guam">
Lieutenant Governor of Guam

The Guamanian self-governing government consists of a locally elected Governor, Lieutenant Governor and a fifteen member Legislature. The first popular election for Governor and Lieutenant Governor took place in 1970. The current Lieutenant Governor is Ray Tenorio, who has been in office since January 3, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19191577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191577" title="Yevhen Shakhov (footballer born 1990)">
Yevhen Shakhov (footballer born 1990)

Yevhen Yevhenovych Shakhov (born 30 November 1990 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder playing in the professional Ukrainian Premier League club Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk. Shakhov also played several games for the senior team, where he debuted on 7 April 2007 against rivals Stal Alchevsk in which the Dnipro lost 1:3.
His father Yevhen Serhiyovych Shakhov was the top scorer of Soviet Top League in 1988.
Honours.
2009 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship: Champion

</doc>
<doc id="19191579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191579" title="1961 Ireland rugby union tour of South Africa">
1961 Ireland rugby union tour of South Africa

1961 Ireland rugby union tour of South Africa. Between 1906 and 1960 South Africa had played Ireland on five occasions. However all of these games had been played in Ireland. In 1960 South Africa had beaten Ireland 8-3 at Lansdowne Road. The following year Ireland embarked on their first tour of South Africa. Among the touring party was Tony O'Reilly who had previously toured South Africa with the British Lions in 1955. The tour began with a full international at Newlands Stadium which Ireland lost 24-8. Tom Kiernan scored all of Ireland’s points with a try, a conversion and a penalty. Four members of this touring party - Niall Brophy, Tom Kiernan, Syd Millar and Bill Mulcahy - would return to South Africa with the British Lions in 1962. Kiernan, Millar and Ronnie Dawson, as a coach, would also return with the Lions in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19191590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191590" title="NK Krka">
NK Krka

Nogometni Klub Krka (), commonly referred to as NK Krka or simply Krka, is a Slovenian football club from Novo Mesto, which plays in the Slovenian PrvaLiga. It was previously known as NK Elan 1922. The team play their home games at the Portoval. The club was founded in 1922.
Supporters.
Krka supporters were called the "Trotters Novo Mesto". They were active during the 1990s.
Current squad.
"As of 2 February 2014."

</doc>
<doc id="19191596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191596" title="Yenikənd, Nakhchivan">
Yenikənd, Nakhchivan

Yenikənd, Nakhchivan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19191613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191613" title="Where Others Wavered">
Where Others Wavered

Where Others Wavered: The Autobiography of Sam Nujoma - My Life in SWAPO and My Participation in the Liberation Struggle of Namibia, commonly known as Where Others Wavered, is an autobiographical work written by Sam Nujoma and published by Panaf Books in 2001. The text describes his life, from his childhood through his beginnings with SWAPO, exile in Angola and Zambia as well as part of his presidency.
Background.
Nujoma was the leader of the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) from its founding in 1960 until retirement in 2007 as well as being the first President of Namibia from election in 1990 until 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19191647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191647" title="Cicala Filmworks">
Cicala Filmworks

Cicala Filmworks is an award-winning independent film production company based in New York City. Feature film credits include "My Last Day Without You" (2011), "Get a Job" (2011), Michael Imperioli's debut "The Hungry Ghosts" (2009), Olaf de Fleur's "The Amazing Truth About Queen Raquela" (2008), "Arranged" (2007), and "Confess" (2005). Documentaries include "Contested Streets" (2006), which was broadcast as part of "The Green" on The Sundance Channel. Founded in 1997 by Stefan Schaefer and Diane Crespo, the company has also created promotional content for clients such as The Guggenheim Museum, The New York Yankees, The March of Dimes, among many others. 

</doc>
<doc id="19191649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191649" title="Ernest Gottlieb, Prince of Anhalt-Plötzkau">
Ernest Gottlieb, Prince of Anhalt-Plötzkau

Ernest Gottlieb of Anhalt-Plötzkau (4 September 1620 – 7 March 1654) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Plötzkau.
He was the eldest son of Augustus, Prince of Anhalt-Plötzkau, by his wife Sibylle, daughter of John George I, Count of Solms-Laubach.
Life.
Gottlieb was born and died in Plötzkau. In 1653, after the death of his father, Ernest Gottlieb inherited Plötzkau alongside with his younger brothers Lebrecht and Emmanuel; but because they succeeded his father in the regency over Anhalt-Köthen on behalf of their cousin William Louis, Ernest Gottlieb took complete control over the government of their principality.
His reign lasted only seven months until his death. Because he never married or had children, he was succeeded by his brothers and co-rulers.

</doc>
<doc id="19191654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191654" title="Patria case">
Patria case

The Patria case has been the political controversy surrounding claims by prosecutors in Slovenia and Austria of bribery of Slovenian officials by the Finnish company Patria to help clinch an armoured personnel carrier order. There is currently a criminal investigation underway, and two employees of Patria have been arrested on charges of bribery. The CEO stepped down from his position as a result of the affair and is being investigated by the Finnish police on charges of bribery. In early September 2008, just three weeks before the Slovenian parliamentary elections on 21 September 2008, the Finnish broadcasting company YLE published an investigation implicating the corruption of the Slovenian Prime Minister Janez Janša.
Janša, who ignored and attacked also the other report about him published in 2013 by the official Commission for the Prevention of Corruption of the Republic of Slovenia, rejected all accusations and called for the journalists to advance some proof for their claims or to withdraw the accusations. On 11 September 2011, the Slovenian national broadcaster RTV Slovenia published a document disproving the claim about Janez Janša being implicated in the corruption and implicating Bartol Jerković, the director of the Croatian heavy industrial company Đuro Đaković Specijalna vozila.
Background.
The "Patria case" has a European and NATO horizon, and it cannot be understood outside this horizon. First, the rush to modernize the infantry armored vehicles for most Western armies since 2002. Second, the consolidation of the European armored vehicles suppliers through "General Dynamics" acquisitions. Third, the commercial war between "General Dynamics" and "Patria" in this field. Last, the peculiar status of arms deals that implies state secret protection on arms trade and on their collateral agreements. However, the abuse of secrecy to conceal unlawful practices such as fake offset agreement, (equivalent to bribery) is not a Slovenian issue, but a real European problem. The Patria case is a chance to look at what happens in the most politically sensitive and covered areas of Western democracies: arms and state security.
Modernization of infantry vehicles.
The historic decision of the U.S. Administration to move the conflict against terrorisms outside United States at the end of 2001 led to the invasion of Afghanistan and Iraq. It is a radical change: U.S. had not deployed large infantry on hostile grounds since 1983. The decision had implications for U.S. allies. Ground troops need modern types of equipment to fight new infantry wars. Modern armored vehicles become a priority: more protected, faster, easily deployable, interconnected with the new digital wars. New vehicles must be capable to inter-operate at several communication levels.
Air superiority was no longer the decisive issue. The capability to control the ground became paramount. The human cost of the new occupation wars is mainly due to infantry lack of adequate protection. More than half of the deaths of U.S. and allies is caused by inadequate armoured protection.
Industry consolidation: Light Armored Vehicles.
"General Dynamics "is the U.S leader in infantry vehicles, for the so-called mechanized infantry. "General Dynamics" quickly detected a growth opportunity in the NATO and European Armored Vehicles market. After 2002 General Dynamics planned a profitable campaign of acquisitions of smaller European defense companies. Between 2002 and 2003 General Dynamics bought everything it could. "MOWAG" in Switzerland, "Steyer-Daimler-Puch Speazialfahrung" in Austria, "Santa Barbara" in Spain. Then "General Dynamics" tried also a big shot: in 2004 launched a hostile takeover of U.K Alvis plc, but BAE reacted, and kept "Alvis" under British control, later renamed BAE Systems Land and Armaments.
In just five years "General Dynamics" shares grew from about $30 to $90. The turnover of the company climbed from $13 billion in 2002 to $32 billions in 2009.
European war between General Dynamics and Patria.
Major European nations such as France, the UK, Germany, Italy initiated own domestic programs replacing old generation APCs with modern Armored Vehicles. Smaller nations on the other hand initiated process of international tender and procurement for new advanced armored personal carriers. Portugal, initiated the procurement process right away.¨.
Patria and General Dynamics engaged in a competition to win over new defence contracts, notably Belgium, Portugal, where Patria was overpowered by General Dynamics persuasive influence. Patria was astonished when it was excluded from the final round in Portugal and Belgium. "Patria" is a small national company that produces one of the most competitive Armored Vehicles on the market. Patria's turnover in 2005 was about 300 million Euros and in 2009 reached 500 million Euro. The commercial between Patria and "General Dynamics " would be akin to fight between David vs. Goliath, as the later is 40 times the size of Finnish "Patria".
In 2003 "Patria" and "General Dynamics" are competitors for the new Portuguese armoured vehicles. "General Dynamics" won the contract with the "Pandur", in competition with itself, that is "General" "Dynamics Piranha"; "Patria", the third competitor, was disqualified on technical reasons at the end of 2004. "Patria" naively appealed against the decision, and Lisbon court dismissed "Patria" appeal in less than 40 days (by February 2005), so Portugal could pay 365 million Euro in exchange for 260 Pandurs and 516 million (150% of the contract value) of "General Dynamics" offset.
Then in the Belgian tender in 2006 the finalists are: GD-Steyr Pandur, GD-MOWAG Piranha, Iveco Centauro, and Patria AMV. Patria lost, and "General Dynamics"won: about 700 million Euro for 242 "General Dynamics Piranha" and 700 million of GD offset, accurately divided between Flanders and Walloonia (delivery between 2007-2012).
Then Czech Republic. "Defense Daily" writes in Dec 2005: "As fate would have it, Steyr’s Pandur II (General Dynamics) and Patria’s AMV were the final two contenders for the Czech Republic’s $1 billion wheeled APC contract."
Similar stories for Romania, Ireland, Denmark, Lithuania, Sweden, Spain etc. But "General Dynamics" has its most conspicuous sales outside of Europe: about $ 6 billions of "Light Armored Vehicles" to Saudi Arabia National Guard, via Foreign Military Sales.
Patria had some victories against the U.S. giant: Croatia, Slovenia, Poland, Estonia. In 2009 Sweden canceled a contract award to Patria of $338 million for 113 Patria AMV, but restarted the contract in 2010.
Purchase of Patria AMV.
In December 2006 Slovenia purchased 135 Patria AMV infantry fighting vehicles. Participants to the bid included Patria with Patria AMV and a Slovenian subsidiary of General Dynamics, Sistemska Tehnika with Valuk. The government chose the former.
Alleged scheme.
On 1 September 2008, the YLE's investigative program MOT stated that Patria paid 21 million euros in bribes for deals for Patria AMV IFVs for the Slovenian military. The money was said to be channelled to officials in the country's Ministry of Defence, as well as the Prime Minister Janez Janša. The police estimates that the investigation should be completed by the end of 2008.
According to MOT, 21 million euros, out of the 278 million total in the deal, was paid in bribes. The transfer was concealed by delivering fewer vehicles and less expensive armaments and extensions than officially announced. Money was channeled to a company held by Patria's Austrian agent, Wolfgang Riedl. Riedl would then forward the money to agents, each distributing the bribes to different groups. Businessman Walter Wolf would interact with Slovenian politicians and painter Jure Cekuta with officials at the Slovenian Ministry of Defence. Riedl transferred 2.8 million to businessman Walter Wolf, but Wolf's attempt to forward the money was stopped by his bank, which informed the Austrian money laundering unit.
Response from Janša and the Slovenian government.
Janša rejected all accusations, and called for the journalists to advance some proof for their claims or to withdraw the accusations. In the case they would do neither, insisting on the accusations without showing the proof, he announced to bring legal action against the journalists. The following day, the Slovenian Government decided to sue the journalists and the broadcasting company for false accusation. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs left two diplomatic notes to the Finnish Government, calling the country enable the disclosure of the documents relative to the investigation in order to bring light in the issue. This request was declined. In a parliamentary hearing on 9 September 2008, Janša urged the members of parliament to forget the issue for now and bring it back to discussion once some proof has been advanced.
There is a clause in the deal that allows its cancellation in the case of corruption. On 5 August 2008, Patria provided the Slovenian government with an account of the criminal investigation, where Patria declared in writing that no unlawfulness has occurred in the Slovenian deal. The Slovenian government accepted the declaration and decided not to cancel the deal.
In January 2010 Janez Janša sued Magnus Berglund for 1.5 million euro for defamation in a Slovenian civil court (Novo Mesto) and Ljubljana prosecutors requested 6 months of imprisonment for Berglund.
Finnish government position.
So far, the Finnish government has kept a neutral stance. The state of Finland owns a majority share in Patria. The minister responsible for administration of Patria stock, Jan Vapaavuori, said that the Finnish government does not intend to issue any statements, particularly during the election period, as that would intervene in the internal affairs of Slovenia. The first diplomatic note was answered by Minister of Foreign Affairs Alexander Stubb, who stated that the government will not intervene against the journalists, in respect of the freedom of the press.
Police investigation and Trial.
Finland.
The Finnish police agency investigating the case is National Bureau of Investigation (NBI), and the case will be heard at Helsinki district court. Two employees of Patria have been arrested for questioning, of which one has been officially imprisoned by the Helsinki district court and one has been released. The CEO, Jorma Wiitakorpi, is still considered a suspect, charged with bribery and industrial espionage, Furthermore, Helsinki district court imprisoned an Austrian and a Slovenian businessman "in absentia", and their hearings are being prepared in co-operation with Austrian and Slovenian officials.
The Finnish NBI criticized the actions of their Slovenian counterparts. According to NBI, the Slovenian police has not provided the information requested for the investigation. On the other hand, when NBI sent a classified list of individuals that the Slovenian police should interview, no interviews were arranged, but the secret list was leaked to the public. According to the officer in charge of the investigation, despite Slovenian police being able and willing to co-operate, the difficulties in the co-operation between the officials are already hindering the investigation.
Austria.
The Austrian police suspected money laundering and other offenses, when Wolf’s bank warned them about the suspicious transactions and blocked his account. The Austrian Interpol notified the Slovenian police about this but the Slovenian police ignored the notification. It replied only after more than a year, when the news about this was published in the Slovenian daily Dnevnik.
Slovenia.
The Slovenian police investigation has been practically stalled, according to MOT. The Slovenian police rejected the accusations of having leaked the secret list.
"The Slovenia Times" wrote on the U.S. Embassy cables:
Slovenian prosecutors filed charges for corruption against Janez Janša on Aug 6, 2010, though Janša affirmed that he did not receive any notification. Janša denied having "requested or received any rewards or payments related to the Patria deal" in a statement on Aug 27, 2010.
Bribery trial in Slovenia (2011).
In September 2011 a bribery trial has begun in Ljubljana Court following to criminal investigations and indictments for bribery or complicity in bribery connected with the 2006 purchase of 135 Patria APC. Ivan Črnkovič.
On June 5, 2013 Liubljana District Court sentenced former Prime Minister Janez Janša to 2 years of prison for receiving bribes from Patria Oy. The co-defendants, Brigadier Tone Krkovič and Ivan Črnkovič, were sentenced to 1 year and 10 months in prison. 
European Union Art. 346 and Arms Trade.
The freedom of the press is protected as constitutional right in democratic countries. Finland takes it seriously and, in the "Patria case", taught a lesson of democracy, of rule of law, and of business ethics to the world. Whether MOT's charges of bribery are true or not, Finland protected the freedom of speech better than United States, and against its own national interest.
MOT report is of enormous value for the European Union and its attempt to put some democratic transparency in the European Defense procurement.
Arms trade enjoys a particular status in EU, due to its essential connection with national state security, as per Art. 346 of the" Lisbon Treaty:"
Art. 346, while granting member states the right to classify national information on the subject, i.e., to apply the State secret to arms production and trade of member states, explicitly prohibits the use of civilian (indirect) offset as form of distortion of free competition in the common market of the European Union. Some Aerospace and Defense companies abuse of "indirect offsets" is equivalent to straight bribery, if not worse. This is a level more sophisticated but not different from a bribe, and it is also the level of the commercial war between "Patria" and "General Dynamics", in which Slovenia is just one of the European battles.
There are three reasonable hypotheses on the truth or falsity of the MOT program:
1. Finland and Slovenia are corrupt countries. The rest of European countries are not. Magnus Berglund discovered the corruption, and MOT program is truthful and accurate. It looks that Slovenia is a corruptible country, while countries like Portugal or Belgium (with over one billion euro purchase) are not. Slovenian politicians accept bribes, while the rest of the military sales involving Armoured Wheeled Infantry Vehicles is bribe-free. Furthermore, Finnish companies like "Patria" are ethnically inclined to corrupt foreign states ¨to obtain and retain business¨, while German "Siemens", have better policies against active and passive corruption.
2. Magnus Berglund's MOT Program is populist propaganda to increase audience. No valuable truth content. In fact Slovenian police did not even open an investigation on the corruption charges against its Prime Minister and military. Wiitakorpi is a scapegoat, not very smart, but he is completely innocent. No bribes. A variation on this hypothesis is that Wiitakorpi and friends pocketed themselves the alleged bribe, and used the bribe allegation to enrich themselves. Another variation on this hypothesis of falsity of MOT allegations is the some journalists have been paid or tricked by some "Patria" competitors, in order to create a false report. In all these cases there is no bribe, Slovenian politicians and public officials are clean and innocent.
3. The third reasonable hypothesis is that corruption of state and military officials in arms trade is a European plague. It is not a question about business ethics of Finnish businessmen and political integrity of Slovenian politicians and military (that allegedly shared 21 million Eur, 7,5% of the contract price paid by Slovenian taxpayers). MOT program is a burst of sunlight, in spite of some small errors or minor slips into sensationalism. Actually, the program is sensational, and if it was not, why did Slovenian Embassy in Finland request to stop the broadcast?
Follow the money.
The best angle may be seen by following the money involved in arms trade. Authorities have to complete investigations, but the free press of the Continent has the professional duty and the constitutional right to research on one of the less transparent and most protected items in national budgets. Lack of investigative reporting in the media is a dangerous democracy deficit. In democracy, security issues should not be used to conceal accountability. Defense procurement budgets are but taxpayers money. Corruption in security is one of the most corrosive forms of corrupt practices in democracies, since it is not only about money. It is about citizens trust in the lowest rank policeman up to a President of a country.
The actual situation regarding offset agreements in EU is described in details in a study on defense offsets in the Union countries commissioned by the European Defense Agency and published in 2007. According to this study the volume of EU offset agreements in 2006 was above 4-5 billions euro. The distribution of these offsets is as shown in the diagram: Direct Offsets, Military Indirect Offsets, Civilian Indirect Offsets.
One could say that nothing would have emerged, if only Wiitakorpi would have humbly asked the experienced American giant for an advise on how to use indirect offsets. He could have solved the problem of bribes (if any bribe was due) by establishing an" offset fulfillers" in Liechtenstein, or in one of the convenient branches of LGT. No need to transfer the money through Austria to Liechtenstein. While Austria treasures bank privacy, it abides to money laundry international laws. In Austria the alleged "Patria case" scheme was exposed, perhaps because of a zealous bank clerk (or perhaps because Slovenia did not buy the Austrian "Pandur"). In any case, the fault is to blame on the naïve Jorma Wiitakorpi, leader of an excellent but dwarfish defense company. To be sure, a wire transfer to Feldkirch (Austria) as "compensation" for a defense contract is called bribe, while the same wire transfer to Schaanwald (Liechtenstein) as "compensation" for the same contract is called indirect offset. No much difference, geographical speaking, only 4 km in the Alps, but a great difference in international defense contractors sophistication. LGT Luxembourg branch can transform that money (being it a bribe or a fake indirect offset certificate) in whatever one likes in the Schengen area. Substantially but also legally speaking it is still corruption, but hard to understand even for investigative journalists.
MOT opened up a valuable breach in an obscured area and, if it is right, it reveals a standard of requested bribe percentage to sell weapons in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19191663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191663" title="Battle of Barry">
Battle of Barry

Account of battle.
The account of the battle was first recorded by sixteenth century Scots historian, Hector Boece.
Boece informs us that Sueno, king of Denmark and England, unhappy with news of his army's defeat at Mortlach, ordered a naval task force to set sail for Scotland. Part of the force was to sail from Denmark, and the rest from the Thames, both under the command of Camus.
According to the legendary account, the army camped at St Abb's Head for several days before sailing north, landing at Lunan Bay in Angus. After sacking Montrose, the Army headed inland and razed the town of Brechin to the ground. Camus received word that King Malcolm II had brought the Scots army to Dundee and ordered the Danish army to march South, reaching the coast near to Panbride. The Scots army set camp at Barry, two miles to the West.
The two sides met and fought in the vicinity of the Lochty Burn, near where Carnoustie town centre now lies. The fighting is said to have been so fierce that the Lochty burn ran red with the blood of the fallen.
Seeing that the battle was lost, Camus fled to the hills, pursued by Robert de Keith (purported ancestor of the Marischals of Scotland), who caught up with and slew him at Brae Downie where, it is said, the Camus Cross (NO 519379) was erected in memory of him.
Evidence of battle.
Written record.
The first record of the battle can be found in Hector Boece's "Historia Gentis Scotorum", written in 1527. Boece's work was popularised following a fairly free translation by John Bellenden into Scots in 1536, and its subsequent translation into English by Raphael Holinshed ca. 1580. No record of the battle is found before Boece.
While George Buchanan (ca. 1579) also mentions the battle in his work "Rerum Scotarum Historia", his account borrows liberally from Boece. Boece is thought to have based much of his work on John of Fordun's, "Chronica Gentis Scotorum" (ca. 1360). Fordun briefly mentions a battle at Mortlach but makes no mention of any at Barry:
"Malcolm, thinking over the manifold blessings continually bestowed upon him by God, pondered anxiously in his mind what he should give Him in return. At length, the grace of the Holy Ghost working within him, he set his heart upon increasing the worship of God ; so he established a new episcopal see at Marthillach (Mortlach), not far from the spot where he had overcome the Norwegians, and gained the victory; and endowed it with churches, and the rents of many estates."
It is possible that Fordun's account of the Battle of Mortlach is due to a distortion of local tradition. Mortlach is nearby the site of the battle in which Máel Coluim mac Donnchada (Malcolm III) wrested power from Lulach. Máel Coluim's first wife, Ingibiorg Finnsdottir, was the niece of Harald III of Norway, and it has been argued by Alex Woolf that the tradition of a battle between the Scots and Norwegians is due to a Scandinavian involvement on the side of Máel Coluim.
It is thought that, as a native of the area in which the Battle of Barry is supposed to have occurred, Boece may have used local folklore as his source. Boece is no longer regarded as a credible historical source.
In some versions of the story, Camus and his army camped prior to the battle at a location previously known as 'Norway Dykes', near Kirkbuddo, to the north of Carnoustie, and the battle took place the day after the feast day of St Brigid. For example, Gordon quotes Robert Maule from his 'De Antiquitate Gentis Scotorum' (1609):
"About eight miles from Brechin, at Karboddo" "a place belongs to the Earl of Crawford, are to be seen the vestiges of a Danish camp, fortified with a rampart and ditch, and vulgarly called Norway Dikes; near which is the village of Panbridge" [Pandbride, "where anciently was a church dedicated to St Brigide, because on that saint’s day which preceded the battle, Camus, general of the Danes, pitched his camp there."
This places the battle on 2 February, St Brigid's day being 1 February.
Archaeological evidence.
The story of the battle appears to have originated due to a romantic misinterpretation of the numerous tumuli that existed towards the eastern boundary of Barry Parish, near the Lochty burn before the town of Carnoustie was founded in the late 18th century.
Raphael Holinshed (ca. 1580) claimed that the bodies found in the area were those of Danish soldiers, slain in the battle:
"King Malcolme after he obteined this famous victorie (as before is said) at Barre, he caused the spoile of the field to be divided amongest his souldiers, according to the laws of armes; and then caused the dead bodies of the Danes to be buried in the place where the field had baene fought, and the bodies of the Scottishmen which were found dead were conveied unto the places of christian buriall, and there buried with funerall obsequies in sundrie churches and churchyards. There are seene manie bones of the Danes in those places where they were buried, there lieng bare above ground even unto this day, the sands (as it oftern chanceth) being blowen from them."
Doubt was cast on this by Robert Dickson in 1878, when he pointed out that, while relatively high-status goods were found in some of the graves disinterred during early building work in Carnoustie, there was a lack of weapons. He also talked of the apparent presence of female skeletons. Subsequent finds pointed to the area being a domestic Pictish Long-Cist cemetery, including the remains of a female aged between 40 and 50 with osteoarthritis, who apparently died of tuberculosis. In contrast with Holinshed's account, the burials there are Christian, found in a supine, east-west orientation.
The Danish involvement in the 'battle' centres entirely on an apparently common misinterpretation of Pictish archaeology. For example, Boece interprets the battle scene on the Kirkyard Stone at Aberlemno as being an account of another battle between the Scots and Danes, in the aftermath of the Battle of Barry:
"Ane othir cumpany of Danis, fleand in the samin maner, war slane at Abirlennon, not IV milis fra Brechin: quhare ane gret stane is ingravin with crafty letteris, to advertis the passingeris of the anciant and illuster dedis done be our eldaris aganis the Danis. "
This view was the norm for some time after Boece and is reflected in the Statistical Accounts for Aberlemno. It took until the mid-19th century for it to be pointed out that not only was there no evidence that the stones were Scandinavian in origin, there was also ample evidence that the stones were Pictish/Scottish in origin. The kirkyard stone predates the Battle of Barry by three centuries and the most widely accepted interpretation is that the stone commemorates the Pictish victory at the historical Battle of Dun Nechtain in 685 AD.
The archaeological remains at Kirkbuddo, previously attributed to a Danish camp are now known to have been a temporary Roman marching camp.
Camus.
No written evidence of Camus exists outside of the body of work which followed Boece. The story of Camus is likely to have been a misunderstanding of the name 'Camuston', or as it is in Boece's account (as translated by Bellenden), Camustane:
"Quhil at last, the Danis war vincust, and Camus chasit to the montanis. The Scottis followit on him with sic fury, that he was finaly slane. In signe heirof, the place, quhare he was slane, is callit yit, Camustane. "
Camuston no longer exists as a village, but for location see for example the 1794 map by Ainslie. The Camuston Cross, once thought to mark the place of Camus' death, is now thought to be a late Pictish era monument, dating from the 10th Century. It should be noted that 'Camus' is not recognisable as a Scandinavian name, and that there are earlier variants of the place name, e.g. 'Cambistown' as it is called in documents from 1425-6, which has a Celtic etymology.
A burial disinterred near the Camuston cross was attributed by Maule as being the body of Camus:
"Nine years after I wrote that treatise, a plough turning up the ground discovered a sepulchre, believed to be that of Camus, enclosed with four great stones. Here a huge skeleton was dug up, supposed to have been the body of Camus; it appeared to have received its death by a wound on the back part of the head, seeing a considerable part of the skull was cut away, and probably by the stroke of a sword"
Little information of the burial exists, but goods found in the cist were kept at Brechin Castle. These were sketched by Jervise and are typical of Bronze Age artefacts, found fairly commonly in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19191665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191665" title="Eros (disambiguation)">
Eros (disambiguation)

Eros is the Greek god of love.
Eros may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19191669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191669" title="Joe Fontenot">
Joe Fontenot

Joseph Daniel Fontenot (born March 20, 1977 in Scott, Louisiana) is a former Major League Baseball player. Fontenot pitched in eight games for the Florida Marlins in the 1998 season. He had a 0 and 7 record with eight games started, and a 6.33 ERA.
"Danny" Fontenot was referenced in the premiere episode of the HBO show True Detective by Woody Harrelson's character.

</doc>
<doc id="19191680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191680" title="Artur Karnoza">
Artur Karnoza

Artur Karnoza (; born 2 August 1990 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder playing in the professional Ukrainian First League club Sevastopol. 
Karnoza was also the captain of the Ukrainian National Under-19 Football Team.
Honours.
2009 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship: Champion

</doc>
<doc id="19191693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191693" title="Certified Payment-Card Industry Security Auditor">
Certified Payment-Card Industry Security Auditor

Certified Payment-Card Industry Security Auditor (CPISA) is an independent payments industry certification governed by the Society of Payment Security Professionals (commonly known as the SPSP). The CPISA focuses on information technology, information security, and auditing knowledge and skills. This certification is held by members from diverse backgrounds including Level 1 - 4 Merchants, Acquirers, Issuers, QSAs, Processors, Gateways, Service Providers, Consultants, and Auditors. All CPISA holders are members of the SPSP and also hold the CPISM certification.
Certification Knowledge Domains.
The CPISA curriculum covers subject matter in a variety of Information Security and Payments Industry topics. The CPISA examination is based on what a collection of topics relevant to payment industry security professionals. The CPISA Knowledge Domains establishes a common framework of payment industry terms and definitions that allow security professionals to discuss and debate matters pertaining to the profession with a common understanding. 
The CPISA Knowledge Domains are:
Requirements.
Candidates for the CPISA must meet several requirements:
Reference Documents.
The SPSP provides several reference documents for studying and preparing for the CPISA certification:

</doc>
<doc id="19191694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191694" title="NK Šmartno ob Paki">
NK Šmartno ob Paki

Nogometni Klub Šmartno ob Paki (), commonly referred to as NK Šmartno ob Paki or simply Šmartno, was a Slovenian football club from Šmartno ob Paki, which played in Slovenian PrvaLiga. The club was dissolved in the early 2000s due to financial difficulties. In 2005, a new club under the name of Šmartno 1928 was formed, however, they are legally not considered as the successors to the dissolved club and the statistics and track records of the two clubs are kept separate by the Football Association of Slovenia.
History.
Šmartno ob Paki spent three seasons in the Slovenian PrvaLiga, played 96 matches and earned 126 points. They finished at the fourth place in the 2002–03 season.
Honours.
League

</doc>
<doc id="19191708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191708" title="Ōmiya Park">
Ōmiya Park

The Ōmiya Baseball Stadium was the first stadium to hold NPB's postseason game other than original homegrounds.
History.
Ōmiya Park.
In 1885, the park opened its door to the public as a prefectural public park.
In 1921, a large-scale expansion project was undertaken including the planting of cherry trees and the construction of Ōmiya Park Baseball Stadium.
In 1962, the park is designated to be a part of urban planning.
In 1980, Ōmiya Second Park opened to the east of Ōmiya Park.
In 2001, Ōmiya Third Park was established beyond the southern perimeter of Ōmiya Second Park.
Ōmiya Second Park.
Ōmiya Second Park refers to a section that occupies the western side of Prefectural Road 35. It was established in 1980 with 650 Japanese apricot trees interspersed within the grounds of the park. In 1996, the Fragrance Road accessible to wheelchairs was constructed. Visitors can enjoy displays of flowers and fragrances of trees that change with season year around. Each year between mid-February to March, the Japanese Apricot Festival is held.
Ōmiya Third Park.
Ōmiya Third Park is the name of an area that is located to the south of Ōmiya Second Park. It became accessible to the public in 2001. The initial plan was to relocate Ōmiya Park Baseball Stadium or Ōmiya Park Soccer Stadium to this site. Later, the plan was altered to incorporate the pristine scenery of Minuma and create an open space that accommodates both people and nature. The park highlights the images of greenery, water, and light.

</doc>
<doc id="19191710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191710" title="Gabriela Shalev">
Gabriela Shalev

Gabriela Shalev (, born August 19, 1941) is an Israeli jurist. She was Israeli ambassador to the United Nations.
Early life.
Shalev was born in Tel Aviv in 1941. Her mother's parents were murdered in Auschwitz, and her father's parents had to leave a comfortable life in Berlin and immigrate to the Yishuv.
In 1959 she entered the Israel Defense Forces, and she was honorably discharged in 1961 as a Lieutenant. In 1966, she received an LL.B. ("summa cum laude") from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. As a student, she helped support her family. She received an LL.M. ("summa cum laude") in 1969, and Doctor Jur. ("summa cum laude") in 1973, all from the Hebrew University. Her mentor was Gad Tadeschi. 
Her husband, Shaul Shalev, was killed near the Suez Canal in the 1973 Yom Kippur War, and she raised her two children alone. She was a Visiting Scholar (post-doctoral research) at Harvard Law School from 1975 to 1976.
Shalev worked as a clerk at the Supreme Court of Israel from 1964 to 1966, and at the legal department of the Jewish Agency in 1967. She was admitted to the Israeli Bar in 1968. She was Chief Legal Editor of the Judgments of the Supreme Court of Israel from 1968 to 1980 (and again in 1998), and Chief Legal Advisor for the reform in national health services in 1991. She was Legal advisor, arbitrator, and expert, in Israel and abroad, on litigation matters concerning national and international transactions.
Academic career.
Shalev became a teacher and member of the Hebrew University Faculty of Law in 1964. She became a Full Professor of Contract Law at the Hebrew University in 1986. 
She was a visiting Professor at Temple Law School, Philadelphia, in 1975, Boston College School of Law in 1976 and 1981, Tulane Law School in 1988, University of Glasgow School of Law in 1991, the University of Toronto in 1993, Leuven University in 1996, and University of Fribourg in 1998. 
Shalev was Director of the Harry Sacher Institute for Legislative Research and Comparative Law at the Hebrew University Faculty of Law from 1981 to 1984, and a member of the Standard Contracts Tribunal, starting 1983. She was a member of the Codification in Civil Law Committee from 1984 to 2006, and a Legal editor of the "Hebrew Encyclopedia"'s new edition in 1984. She was an advisor on the status of women at the Hebrew University from 1988 to 1990, and became a member of the Committee for Legal Terminology at The Academy of the Hebrew Language in Israel in 1990. She was chairperson of the academic Nomination Committee of the Hebrew University from 1991 to 1994, and appointed chairperson of the Fund for Promotion of Law at the Israeli Ministry of Justice from 1991 to 2000. She was a member of A Statutory Committee for recognition of law schools from 1991 to 1995.
Shalev was an academic advisor of the College of Insurance from 1993 to 1998, and chairperson of the Israeli Academic Committee at the University of Manchester from 1995 to 2002. She was a member of the Academic Committee at the Open University from 2001 to 2004. She became the Academic President (Rector) of the Ono Academic College in 2002.
Shalev is regarded as a leading expert in Israel in the fields of contract law and procurement contracts, for which she has provided legal advice and crafted legal opinions, both domestically and abroad. She has written nine books and more than 100 articles in Hebrew and in English, mostly within contract law. Her publications include: "Law of Contract" (2nd ed., 1995, Hebrew), a treatise on Israeli Contract Law; "Contract Law, Israel", a monograph forming part of the "International Encyclopedia of Law" (Kluwer, 1995); "The Law of Government Procurement" (1999, Hebrew), "Public Procurement Contracts in Israel" (1997), "Public Procurement Law Review 185". Her books are used in law schools and law offices in Israel. Her most recent book is "Contract Law – General Part, Towards Codification of the Civil Law", which is an updated version of her previous works.
Professor Shalev’s most recent books are "Contract Law –– General Part" (published in 2005) and "Contract Law –– Remedies for Breach" (published in 2009).
She won the Sussman's Prize in Law in 1989, became The first incumbent of the Hebrew University's Lawrence D. Biele Chair in Contract Law in 1990, and won the Zeltner's Prize in Law in 1991. She won the Israel Bar Association prize in 2003.
Board memberships.
Shalev board memberships include: 
Ambassador to the United Nations.
On June 24, 2008, Shalev was nominated by Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni as Israel's new ambassador to the United Nations, replacing Dan Gillerman. Livni's associates said: "The UN is an arena that requires other skills in addition to diplomatic know-how. The fact that she is a woman, and a jurist respected throughout the world, with a great deal of public experience, makes her the best candidate". Livni was criticized for the pick, but responded, "It was important to me to appoint a woman to represent Israel in such an important place... Professor Shalev is internationally respected; she has fulfilled many public positions in Israel".
On September 8, she presented her diplomatic credentials to UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, and became the first woman to serve as Israel's ambassador to the UN. She said that: "as a woman, a professor and above all as a proud Israeli, I am happy for the opportunity given me to contribute to the state in the complex international arena of the United Nations".
Shalev was Israel's Ambassador to the UN until October 2010. She is now president of Ono Academic College.

</doc>
<doc id="19191718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191718" title="Political positions of Bob Barr">
Political positions of Bob Barr

Former United States Congressman Bob Barr was the nominee for President of the United States of the Libertarian Party in the 2008 presidential election.
Economic policy.
Taxation.
Barr advocates repealing the Sixteenth Amendment, which would effectively abolish the income tax and the Internal Revenue Service. He would replace the current tax system with a form of consumption tax, and mentions the Fair Tax as a possible alternative after the income tax is repealed first. "Meaningful tax reform begins with reining in government spending."
Monetary policy.
He would increase transparency and oversight in the operations of the Federal Reserve, while "reconsidering the Fed’s almost total control over the money supply."
Social Security.
Barr favors a transformation of the current Social Security system into one of "individualized system of private accounts." He maintains that Social Security is not sustainable in its current form.
Foreign policy.
Trade.
Barr supports free trade, and believes that the United States should promote and encourage "private involvement around the world". He contends that "the most effective way to preserve peace is through an expanding free market, backed by a full range of cultural and other private relationships".
War in Iraq.
Barr considers the invasion and occupation of Iraq to have been mistakes. He asserts that American presence "emboldens both insurgents and terrorists", and has cost "hundreds of billions of U.S. taxpayer dollars." He supports "withdrawal without undue delay."
Iran.
He has stated that "an attack on Iran would be unnecessary, counterproductive, costly and dangerous", that "here is no imminent threat, and only an imminent threat can ever justify a preemptive strike", and concludes "any nonproliferation strategy must begin with diplomacy and include a willingness to address the other side".
Foreign aid.
Barr asserts that foreign aid has "proved to be a drain on the U.S. economy while doing little good for the recipients", and that "aid is routinely used by corrupt foreign governments to oppress their people and enrich powerful elites. Foreign aid almost always discourages economic and political reform, while subsidizing nations which often work against U.S. interests."
United Nations.
Barr calls the United Nations "an enormous disappointment" and asserts that the "U.S. should push to roll back the UN’s functions and slash America’s financial contribution".
Civil liberties.
Gun ownership rights.
Barr supports the right to bear arms as an individual right. "I oppose any law requiring registration of, or restricting the ownership, manufacture, or transfer or sale of firearms or ammunition to law-abiding citizens."
Marriage.
Barr opposes any federal definition of marriage, whether by statute or constitutional amendment. He believes the states should be free to determine what constitutes marriage.
Privacy.
As a congressman, Barr voted for the Patriot Act, but only after his amendments adding "sunset clauses" were added to the final bill. He has since publicly renounced his vote on that issue, and now staunchly opposes the Patriot Act.
Stating his present position on the subject at the 2008 Libertarian National Convention, Barr said of the Patriot Act: "I'd drive a stake through its heart, shoot it, burn it, cut off its head, burn it again, and scatter its ashes to the four corners of the world."
Education.
Barr advocates the abolition of the Department of Education as well as elimination of federal grants and regulation; he also supports the repeal of the No Child Left Behind act. He believes the education should return to the local level. He supports state-level tax credits to parents who educate their children via private education or homeschooling. He believes the quality of education will benefit more from a competitive market-based system than from a government-controlled system."
Borders and immigration.
Barr supports better border security to crack down on illegal immigration while also supporting reforms that will "sharply increase" legal immigration. Supports ending birthright citizenship and ending government benefits and services for illegal immigrants.
Environmental policy.
Barr believes the free market needs to be the foundation of the United States' energy policy. Supports drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
Health policy.
Barr favors cutting costs by reducing controls and regulations. He maintains that Medicare and Medicaid are financially unstable, and "need to be transformed to emphasize patient choice, focus on the truly needy, and add cost-saving incentives."

</doc>
<doc id="19191740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191740" title="List of Indonesian Ambassadors to Egypt">
List of Indonesian Ambassadors to Egypt


</doc>
<doc id="19191756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191756" title="List of Cal Poly alumni">
List of Cal Poly alumni

List of Cal Poly alumni may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19191761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191761" title="NK Šmartno">
NK Šmartno

Nogometni Klub Šmartno (), commonly referred to as NK Šmartno or simply Šmartno, is a Slovenian football club from Ljubljana. The club was formed in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19191767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191767" title="United States Attorney for the District of Columbia">
United States Attorney for the District of Columbia

The United States Attorney for the District of Columbia is the United States Attorney responsible for representing the federal government in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
Unlike other municipalities, Washington, D.C., is under the exclusive jurisdiction of the U.S. Congress. By statute, the U.S. Attorney is responsible for prosecuting both federal crimes and all serious crimes committed by adults in the District of Columbia. Therefore, the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia serves as both the federal prosecutor (as in the other 92 U.S. Attorneys' offices) and as the local district attorney. The Attorney General of the District of Columbia is currently appointed by the Mayor of the District of Columbia but handles local civil litigation and minor infractions only.
The current U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia is Ronald Machen

</doc>
<doc id="19191781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191781" title="1986 WCT Scottsdale Open">
1986 WCT Scottsdale Open

The 1986 WCT Scottsdale Open was a WCT and Nabisco Grand Prix tennis tournament held in Scottsdale, Arizona. The tournament was held from October 6 to October 13.

</doc>
<doc id="19191783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191783" title="Hereditary persistence of fetal hemoglobin">
Hereditary persistence of fetal hemoglobin

Hereditary persistence of fetal hemoglobin (HPFH, BrE: "Hereditary persistence of foetal haemoglobin") is a benign condition in which significant fetal hemoglobin (hemoglobin F) production continues well into adulthood, disregarding the normal shutoff point after which only adult-type hemoglobin should be produced. 
Causes.
This is usually caused by mutations in the "β"-globin gene cluster. The percentage of incorrect expression might be as low as 10-15% or as high as 100% of the total hemoglobin, usually higher in homozygotes than in heterozygotes. 
Epidemiology.
HPFH may alleviate the severity of certain hemoglobinopathies and thalassemias, and is selected for in populations with a high prevalence of these conditions (which in turn are often selected for in areas where malaria is endemic). Thus, it has been found to affect Americans of African and Greek descent.
Presentation.
The condition is usually asymptomatic, and is only noticed when screening for other hemoglobin disorders.
Benefit to persons with sickle cell disease.
In persons with sickle cell disease, high levels of fetal hemoglobin as found in a newborn or as found abnormally in persons with hereditary persistence of fetal hemoglobin, the HbF causes the sickle cell disease to be less severe. In essence the HbF inhibits polymerization of HbS. A similar mechanism occurs with persons who have sickle cell "trait". Approximately 40% of the hemoglobin is in the HbS form while the rest is in normal HbA form. The HbA form interferes with HbS polymerization.

</doc>
<doc id="19191787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191787" title="Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa">
Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa

The government of American Samoa consists of a locally elected governor, lieutenant governor and the American Samoa Fono, which consists of an 18-member Senate and a 21-member House of Representatives. The first popular election for Governor and Lieutenant Governor took place in 1977. Candidates for the offices run together on a joint ticket.
The current Lieutenant Governor is Lemanu Peleti Mauga, who has been in office since 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19191789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191789" title="Eros">
Eros

Eros ( or ; , "Desire"), in Greek mythology, was the Greek god of love. His Roman counterpart was Cupid ("desire"). Some myths make him a primordial god, while in other myths, he is the son of Aphrodite.
Cult and depiction.
Eros appears in ancient Greek sources under several different guises. In the earliest sources (the cosmogonies, the earliest philosophers, and texts referring to the mystery religions), he is one of the primordial gods involved in the coming into being of the cosmos. But in later sources, Eros is represented as the son of Aphrodite, whose mischievous interventions in the affairs of gods and mortals cause bonds of love to form, often illicitly. Ultimately, in the later satirical poets, he is represented as a blindfolded child, the precursor to the chubby Renaissance Cupid – whereas in early Greek poetry and art, Eros was depicted as an adult male who embodies sexual power. And a profound artist.
A cult of Eros existed in pre-classical Greece, but it was much less important than that of Aphrodite. However, in late antiquity, Eros was worshiped by a fertility cult in Thespiae. In Athens, he shared a very popular cult with Aphrodite, and the fourth day of every month was sacred to him.
Primordial god.
According to Hesiod (c. 700 BC), one of the most ancient of all Greek sources, Eros was a primordial god, that is, he had no parents. He was the fourth god to come into existence, coming after Chaos, Gaia (the Earth), and Tartarus (the Abyss or the Underworld).
Homer does not mention Eros. However, Parmenides (c. 400 BC), one of the pre-socratic philosophers, makes Eros the first of all the gods to come into existence.
The Orphic and Eleusinian Mysteries featured Eros as a very original god, but not quite primordial, since he was the child of Night (Nyx). Aristophanes (c. 400 BC), influenced by Orphism, relates the birth of Eros and then of the entire human race:
At the beginning there was only Chaos, Night (Nyx), Darkness (Erebus), and the Abyss (Tartarus). Earth, the Air and Heaven had no existence. Firstly, blackwinged Night laid a germless egg in the bosom of the infinite deeps of Darkness, and from this, after the revolution of long ages, sprang the graceful Love (Eros) with his glittering golden wings, swift as the whirlwinds of the tempest. He mated in the deep Abyss with dark Chaos, winged like himself, and thus hatched forth our race, which was the first to see the light.
Son of Aphrodite.
addresses Athena: “We must have a word with Aphrodite. Let us go together and ask her to persuade her boy , if that is possible, to loose an arrow at Aeetes’ daughter, Medea of the many spells, and make her fall in love with Jason . . .” (Apollonius of Rhodes, "Argonautica" 3. 25 ff – a Greek epic of the 3rd century B.C.)
"He smites maids’ breasts with unknown heat, and bids the very gods leave heaven and dwell on earth in borrowed forms." (Seneca, "Phaedra" 290 ff)
"Once, when Venus’ son aka Eros was kissing her, his quiver dangling down, a jutting arrow, unbeknown, had grazed her breast. She pushed the boy away. In fact the wound was deeper than it seemed, though unperceived at first. she became enraptured by the beauty of a man ." (Ovid, "Metamorphoses" 10. 525 ff)
"Eros drove Dionysos mad for the girl with the delicious wound of his arrow, then curving his wings flew lightly to Olympus. And the god roamed over the hills scourged with a greater fire.” (Nonnus, "Dionysiaca" 48. 470 ff – a Greek epic of the 5th century AD)
Eros and Psyche.
The story of Eros and Psyche has a longstanding tradition as a folktale of the ancient Greco-Roman world long before it was committed to literature in Apuleius' Latin novel, "The Golden Ass". The novel itself is written in a picaresque Roman style, yet Psyche retains her Greek name. Eros and Aphrodite are called by their Latin names (Cupid and Venus), and Cupid is depicted as a young adult, rather than a child.
The story tells of the struggle for love and trust between Eros and Psyche. Aphrodite was jealous of the beauty of mortal princess Psyche, as men were leaving her altars barren to worship a mere human woman instead, and so she commanded her son Eros, the god of love, to cause Psyche to fall in love with the ugliest creature on earth. But instead, Eros falls in love with Psyche himself and spirits her away to his home. Their fragile peace is ruined by a visit from Psyche's jealous sisters, who cause Psyche to betray the trust of her husband. Wounded, Eros leaves his wife, and Psyche wanders the Earth, looking for her lost love. Eventually she approaches Aphrodite and asks for her help. Aphrodite imposes a series of difficult tasks on Psyche, which she is able to achieve by means of supernatural assistance.
After successfully completing these tasks, Aphrodite relents and Psyche becomes immortal to live alongside her husband Eros. Together they had a daughter, Voluptas or Hedone (meaning physical pleasure, bliss).
In Greek mythology, Psyche was the deification of the human soul. She was portrayed in ancient mosaics as a goddess with butterfly wings (because psyche was also the Ancient Greek word for 'butterfly'). The Greek word psyche literally means "soul, spirit, breath, life or animating force".

</doc>
<doc id="19191802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191802" title="KMAD">
KMAD

KMAD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19191811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191811" title="John Joseph Jones (writer)">
John Joseph Jones (writer)

John Joseph Jones (1930–2000) was a British and Australian poet, folk singer, musician, playwright, and theatre director.
Biography.
Born in London in 1930, Jones first arrived in Australia in 1948. Between 1950 and 1952, he worked briefly in England, Canada, and Fiji, but settled permanently in Australia in 1952. He graduated from University of Western Australia with a Bachelor of Arts, majoring in Anthropology and English (1959). 

</doc>
<doc id="19191815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191815" title="The Fix (EP)">
The Fix (EP)

The Fix is the first EP released by singer Jordan Knight on October 11, 2005. The single "Where is Your Heart Tonight" reached #12 in the US Billboard Adult Contemporary Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19191849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191849" title="Rolph">
Rolph

Rolph is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19191872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191872" title="NK Korotan Prevalje">
NK Korotan Prevalje

Nogometni Klub Korotan Prevalje (), commonly referred to as NK Korotan Prevalje or simply Korotan, was a Slovenian football club from Prevalje, which played a total of nine seasons in the Slovenian PrvaLiga, highest level of Football in Slovenia. The club was dissolved during the 2002–03 Slovenian PrvaLiga season, when they folded after only eleven rounds due to financial reasons.
A successor club which claims rights to Korotan's honours and records was established in 2003 under the name DNŠ Prevalje. However, they are not legally considered to be successors to the original Korotan and the two clubs' track records and honours are kept separate by the Football Association of Slovenia.
Supporters.
Korotan Prevalje fans were called the "Križarji Prevalje".

</doc>
<doc id="19191911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191911" title="Futsal in Libya">
Futsal in Libya

Futsal in Libya is governed by the Libyan Football Federation. It is one of the most popular sports in the country, and is widely played.
National team.
The Libya national futsal team made their first official appearance at the African Futsal Championship in Egypt in 2000. They have won several titles, including the African Futsal Championship in 2008, the Arab Futsal Championship in 2007, 2008 & the North African Futsal Cup in 2005, 2009 & 2010.
Libya reached the finals of the FIFA Futsal World Cup for the first time in 2008. 
See also.
List of Libya national futsal team matches

</doc>
<doc id="19191917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191917" title="New Chine">
New Chine

New Chine is a geological feature on the south west coast of the Isle of Wight, England ( the Back of the Wight). It is west of the village of Chale. It is a sandy coastal ravine, one of a number of such chines on the island created by stream erosion of soft Cretaceous rocks. It leads from the 190 foot high clifftop to a knickpoint approximately one third of way down the cliff face above Chale Bay beach.
The Chine is one of three chines that have been eroded by a small unnamed brook that descends from Chale that drains rainwater from the west side of St. Catherine's Hill. The other two chines are Ladder Chine and Walpen Chine. The brook initially wound its way to the cliff face and its descent over the edge created Ladder chine. As the cliff eroded, the brook found a shorter path to the sea and started creating Walpen Chine to the east of Ladder chine. As the cliff eroded further, the brook moved east again and is currently eroding an unnamed chine labelled New Chine. 
New Chine consists of two small narrow ravines that feed the same knickpoint. The main ravine has the brook running through it for all but the driest parts of the summer. The smaller more westerly ravine is eroded when the brook overflows during flash flooding and the excess water finds a second route to the cliff edge.
The Isle of Wight Coastal Path runs alongside the top of the chine and part of the brook.

</doc>
<doc id="19191939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191939" title="List of mayors of Kansas City, Missouri">
List of mayors of Kansas City, Missouri

The Mayor of Kansas City, Missouri is the highest official in the Kansas City, Missouri Municipal Government. 
Since the 1920s the city has had a council-manager government in which a city manager runs most of the day to day operations of the city. In terms of actual power Kansas City has a relatively weak mayor compared to other large cities of its size. However, the Mayor of Kansas City is considered extremeley influential in drafting and guiding public policy. He presides over all city council meetings that he attends and he has a vote on the council. Due to these combined factors the mayor, in fact, holds a significant amount of de facto power in the city government. 
Since 1946 Mayors of Kansas City are elected by the voters of Kansas City to four-year terms, and are limited to two terms under the city's charter. Mayors initially served one-year terms until 1890 when they began serving two-year terms. 
The mayor of Kansas City occupies an office on the 29th floor (the highest floor in the building) of the Kansas City City Hall. 
Eleven of Kansas City's mayors are interred in Elmwood Cemetery (Kansas City, Missouri).
The current mayor of Kansas City is Sly James, who was elected to office on March 22, 2011.
Living former mayors.
, five former mayors were alive, the oldest being Charles B. Wheeler, Jr. (1971–1979, born 1926). The most recent death of a former mayor was that of Ilus W. Davis (1963–1971), on September 4, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19191956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191956" title="Cumhuriyet University">
Cumhuriyet University

Cumhuriyet University () is a public university established in the Sivas Province of Turkey in 1973 at the 50th anniversary of Republic of Turkey. The main campus of the university is located away from Sivas city center, settled in an area of by Kızılırmak River.
The university offers lectures, educational opportunities, cultural and sportive activities to more than 50,000 undergraduate, post graduate and doctorate students by 2435 academic staff, cultural and sportive facilities, and libraries.
Academics.
Cumhuriyet University accepts students to 15 faculties (comparable to colleges), 5 institutes, 13 vocational schools and 4 separate departments attached to the university presidency in the main campus. In addition, there are 13 vocational schools in the districts of Sivas Province. 
The academic units and the programs are listed below;
Counseling.
University administration assigns an advisor to every class in the university. These advisors help students during the school registration and course renewals, about exams and university policies, and also personal problems.
Libraries and Computer Labs.
The central library of Cumhuriyet University provides a relaxing studying environment for the students. The study halls at the capacity of 350 students, and 33 independent study rooms are currently available in the library. The collection of the library holds 50,000 journals, magazines and books. 26,000 of this collection are formed by books. Other than the central library, all of the faculties contain their own libraries, too. 
There are 30 computer labs including more than 700 computers all connected to internet are available in the faculties and schools.
University Life.
Transportation.
The city has all of the main transportation services such; an airport, a train station and a bus terminal, so arrival to Sivas is easy from every location in the World. The public transportation is available between the city and the university campus in every 5 minutes, and the bus rides take about 15 minutes.
Accommodation.
A dormitory managed by 'Credit and Dormitories Foundation' () is serving to students in the campus area. The capacity of the dormitory is 1648 beds for females and 1152 beds for males, total of 2790 beds. In addition, a student visitor house with 100 beds capacity is available for the students on campus. Toki houses, which are another available housing option, are in 2 kilometers distance to the university. Most of the students are being able to find housing opportunities in the center city area that is about 15 minutes bus ride to the campus.
Catering Services.
One central dining hall for students and one staff dining hall for academic and administrative staff are available in the campus area. The central dining hall has the capacity to serve 5200 students at the same time. Three courses of meal at the calorie of 1,100-1,500 are served to the students and staff during the lunch times. More than 1,250 academically successful and low income students are able to receive free lunch every day. 
There are also several cafeteria and cafes available at the certain locations of the campus.
Sports.
Many sports facilities and activities are available for the students in the campus area. The university provides 1 half Olympic-size swimming pool, 1 gym at the capacity of 1200 students, 1 grass soccer field, 1 water sports center and many outdoors facilities settled in 60,000 square meters area. The open sports area contains 2 synthetic soccer fields, 6 tennis fields (one of them is indoors), 1 synthetic basketball court, 1 synthetic handball court, 1 mini golf field and 6,500 square meters service area. The facilities are serving to all students between 9 am and 10 pm.

</doc>
<doc id="19191958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191958" title="Battle of Annan Moor">
Battle of Annan Moor

The Battle of Annan Moor was a battle of the Scottish civil war, part of the intertwined Wars of the Three Kingdoms that took place in England, Ireland, and Scotland between 1639 and 1651. 
The battle took place on 20 and 21 October 1645 between the Royalists under Lord Digby and Marmaduke Langdale against the newly raised cavalry regiment commanded by Sir John Brown of Fordell. The Royalists were defeated and lost more than half of their 600 men as casualties or prisoners. The remainder of the Royalist force retired into England. 

</doc>
<doc id="19191966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191966" title="&quot;Happy&quot; in Galoshes">
&quot;Happy&quot; in Galoshes

"Happy" in Galoshes is the second solo album by American rock singer Scott Weiland. Weiland, known for his roles as the lead singer in Stone Temple Pilots and Velvet Revolver, released his first album, "12 Bar Blues" in 1998. Two versions have been released, a single disc and double disc deluxe version—the deluxe edition offers a second disc of 10 extra tracks. The album was released November 25, 2008 on Weiland's own Softdrive Records. Produced by Doug Grean and Scott Weiland, with select tracks recorded by Steve Albini, the album features guest appearances by Paul Oakenfold and No Doubt members Adrian Young, Tony Kanal, and Tom Dumont. Oakenfold appears on a cover of David Bowie's "Fame." Weiland has cited Bowie as one of his main influences.
Musical style and lyrics.
In an interview with "The Pulse of Radio" regarding the album, Weiland stated:
"It'll definitely be a sonic journey like the first album was, a little bit more focused since I'm not on a narcotic journey like I was on the last one. But, you know, still sort of all over the map, because my influences are so wide and varied." In an interview with MTV News, Weiland stated that the songs on ""Happy" In Galoshes" were inspired by the death of his brother, Michael (who also played drums on a song on the album), and Weiland's separation from his wife of eight years, Mary Forsberg.
Development.
""Happy" in Galoshes" was originally reported to be a double album, but in actuality, it is a single album that is being offered in a deluxe edition.
On September 17, 2008, Spin.com posted an exclusive stream of "Paralysis", and the track "Missing Cleveland" was posted on Weiland's MySpace site. On October 24, Spin also posted another new song, "Crash". On October 27, rockdirt.com released the video for "Paralysis", which features actress Paz de la Huerta. On November 18, the album became available to preview on Scott Weiland's MySpace page. A series of 4 webisodes directed by Rocco Guarino were released on scottweiland.com to promote the single "Crash".
"Missing Cleveland" was the first single released from the album on November 11. On February 17, it was announced that fans could vote for the album's second single. The candidates for the voting are "Paralysis", "Blind Confusion", and "Killing Me Sweetly."
Reception.
""Happy" in Galoshes" debuted at #97 on the Billboard 200, selling 10,500 copies in its first week. The album received a 3.5/5 score from "Rolling Stone" magazine, and a four out of a possible five from Allmusic. "Entertainment Weekly" wasn't as approving, giving it a C- score.
Track listing.
October 11, 2008, Amazon.com listed the album on its website. The full track list was offered, including the title for the otherwise untitled track (track #13). The song "I Know It's Too Late" appears as a bonus track on the iTunes version of the album.
Charts.
Album – Billboard (North America)
Singles – Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="19191972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191972" title="Don Carrithers">
Don Carrithers

Donald George Carrithers (September 15, 1949) is a former professional baseball pitcher. Carrithers pitched in all or part of eight seasons in Major League Baseball from 1970 until 1977.
Carrithers was drafted out of high school in the 3rd round of the 1967 Major League Baseball Draft by the San Francisco Giants. After working his way up through their farm system, he made his major league debut at the age of 20 in , pitching 11 games with an ERA of 7.36. Carrithers started the season back in the minors, but was called up in June and was in the majors for good.
Over the next three seasons, Carrithers bounced back and forth between the starting rotation and the bullpen for the Giants, but various injuries limited him to no more than 25 appearances in each season. His performance was below average in each season as well, and just before the 1974 season, the Giants shipped him off to the Montreal Expos in return for catcher John Boccabella.
Carrithers met with more success in Montreal, but injuries still hampered him. After two seasons of performing well in limited action, in 1976 Carrithers stayed healthy enough to throw 140 innings, his career high. However, his performance suffered a setback, as he went only 6–12 with an ERA of 4.43. The Expos became the second team to be frustrated by Carrithers, and they sold him to the Minnesota Twins the following spring. After yet another injury-filled campaign in which Carrithers made it into only 7 games, his career was over at the age of 28.

</doc>
<doc id="19191983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19191983" title="Temple Cronan">
Temple Cronan

Temple Cronan is a ruined medieval oratory or chapel built over a holy well in the Burren, County Clare, Ireland; the current buildings apparently date from the 12th and 15th centuries, although they may partly incorporate earlier buildings. Temple Cronan is located in the parish of Carran, eight miles from Corofin and about sixteen miles from Ennis, Ireland.
History.
Based on archaeological evidence, it has been concluded that Temple Cronan was built to serve as a pagan temple. Archaeological evidence shows that the building had a window on the eastern wall as well as a small "Cyclopean" doorway on the west side of the building, which is currently blocked by rubble. More conventional archaeologists see a 12th-century building, perhaps replacing one founded by one of the two much earlier Saint Cronans, one of Roscrea, who died in 640, and Cronan Mochua, who died in 637. There are Romanesque carved stone human and animal heads at irregular points along the wall as decoration, several apparently not in their original location. Some parts of an older construction, such as part of a doorway, may have been reused in 12th century construction. In the twelfth century Temple Cronan was a site for pilgrimages. The building was most likely renovated again in the fifteenth century as is evidenced by a pointed door opening.
Construction and building features.
The oratory itself is a rectangular building 6.65 metres long and 3.91 metres wide. Because of its age, the high pitched roof, decorated with corbels at its corners, has fallen apart, but the side walls and gables are still erect. The lower walls are made of limestone blocks. The original door on the west side of the oratory is blocked by rubble, and the current entrance to the oratory is located on the north wall. This door, probably constructed in the fifteenth century during the second renovation, is topped by a carved stone head. It is likely that much of the building material was obtained from a nearby quarry. The building consists on a one-roomed oratory, with two tomb shrines, constructed of two slabs of stone, on the east side of the building, probably built in the twelfth century and possibly the destination of pilgrims travelling to the Temple Cronan. To the south of the site is a holy well called Tobar Chronain, most likely named after St. Cronan. To the north there are ruins of several secular buildings, which most likely fulfilled non-religious duties for the monastery. Also to the north of the monastery is a quarry. It is from this quarry that much of the construction material used to build Temple Cronan and the other nearby buildings was gathered. In the northwest corner of the area, there is the remains of a large stone high cross "of considerable height" and its pedestal, which probably marked the boundaries of the Temple Cronan grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="19192009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192009" title="Shirin (film)">
Shirin (film)

Shirin is a 2008 film directed by Iranian filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami. The film is considered by some critics as a notable twist in the artistic career of Kiarostami.
In 2008, Kiarostami directed the feature Shirin which features close-ups of many notable Iranian actresses and French actress Juliette Binoche as they watch a film based on a part mythological Persian romance tale of Khosrow and Shirin, with themes of female self-sacrifice. The film has been described as "a compelling exploration of the relationship between image, sound and female spectatorship." The film depicts the audience's emotional involvement with the story. The story is read between the tragic and kitsch by a cast of narrators led by Manoucher Esmaieli and is accompanied by a historical "film score" by Morteza Hananeh and Hossein Dehlavi.
The film's production is replete with curious anecdotes. According to some reports, the women were filmed individually in Kiarostami's living room, with the director asking them to cast their gaze at a mere series of dots above the camera. The director has also stated that, during the filming process, he had no idea what film they were watching, and settled on the Khosrow and Shirin myth only after shooting had concluded. In the making-of "Taste of Shirin" one can see how the film really was shot. The brief appearance of Juliette Binoche in the film came as the result of her role in another Kiarostami project.
It was first screened at the 65th Venice International Film Festival.
Cast.
More than 100 actresses took part in this film. Some of them are:

</doc>
<doc id="19192014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192014" title="NK Dekani">
NK Dekani

Nogometni Klub Dekani (), commonly referred to as NK Dekani or simply Dekani, is a Slovenian football club from Dekani, which plays in the Slovenian Third League under the name Jadran Dekani. The club was founded in 1938.
Honours.
League

</doc>
<doc id="19192021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192021" title="Love Songs (Jordan Knight album)">
Love Songs (Jordan Knight album)

Love Songs is the second album released by singer Jordan Knight on September 12, 2006. The single "Say Goodbye" reached #24 in the US Billboard Adult Contemporary Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19192023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192023" title="Emmy of Stork's Nest">
Emmy of Stork's Nest

"Emmy of Stork's Nest" is a 1915 silent film directed by William Nigh. The film is based upon the novel "Stork's Nest" by J. Breckenridge Ellis and was shot on location.
Plot.
Benton Cabot is a man who was born and raised in the city. When he inherits a mountain farm, he soon finds out he is unable to keep an entire farm on himself. Instead, he accepts a job at the neighbour farm from Bije and Si. Bije is in love with the young Emmy and thinks of Benton as a competitor. He humiliates Benton several times in public, which results in Emmy sympathizing him.

</doc>
<doc id="19192027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192027" title="Dahivel">
Dahivel

Dahivel is a small village located in Sakri Tehsil (Taluka), in Dhule District, Maharashtra, India Pin Code 424314.
It is Located on the National highway 6. NH 6, is a busy freeway that running between Hazira (near Surat) in Gujarat, Maharashtra to Kolkota, West Bengal. The freeway touches the cities of Surat, Dhule, Nagpur.
It is closely surrounded by hills and mountains nearby Kondaibari Forest and is located on the bank of the River Kan.
People from this region belong to Khandesh and their Language is Ahirani.
Location.
Dahivel is located on the National Highway 6 (NH 6).
This village has two dams near by called as Malangaon Dam.
Education Facilities.
Dahivel has Three schools, ZP's(Municipal) Marathi School which has primary education facility up to 4th Standard and the other one is Late Devrao Sonu Patil secondary and Higher Secondary School Dahivel i.e. from 5th Standard to 10th Standard and it also has Jr. College like 11th and 12th in all three streams (Arts, Science, Commerce) and the other School is Adarsh secondary and Higher Secondary School for education from 5th Standard to 10th Standard.
Dahivel has one Senior college come under North Maharashtra University called "Uttamrao Patil Arts & Science College, Dahiwel".
Dahiwel has Hostel for all boys who come from small villages.
All the schools and collage has a well trained teaching staff and a good infrastructure with computer training and Library facility.
Most of the farmers kids are well educated and moving towards Urban area like Dhule, Jalgaon, Nashik, Mumbai, Pune.
Medical Facilities.
Dahivel has number of private clinics and 5-6 medical shops present within the village. It has a larger government hospital i.e. primary health centre with a maternity ward attached to it, an ayurvedic dispensary and a veterinary dispensary is also there.
Recreation & Cultural Facilities.
Dahivel has recreational facilities like cinemas within the village.
And men wears mostly white pant white shirt with Gandhi Cap life style. women’s are always in saree.
Religion.
Dahivel has two temples dedicated to Hanuman, two to Mahadev and one to Vitthal . One to Shree Swami Samarath (Dindori Pranit) and Ram Temple.
One of the ancient Shiva temple resides on the banks of river Kan.
Is also there where every year one Big Function will arrange called as "Hari Nam Saptah" where all the villagers will gather and donate rice, wheat or funds as per their wish.
Malangaon Dam is near very holy place Dhaner Aamali. The Dhaner Aamali has Khanaiyala Temple which is increases the beauty of this place, where in Aashad — marathi month (Mostly comes in November) arrange big Mela, many peoples visit this place. In mela lots of Entertain like stage Plays calls "Tamasha" villagers are found of it. Very famous are Kantabai satarkar and Bhika-Bhima.
Economy.
The weekly bazar is held on Thursdays.
The main profession of the people from Dahivel is farming. There are three main seasons; Monsoon (rainy) season (June- July till September). winter (November to April) Dahiwel gets very heavy rains every year.
The main crop is Corn, Onion, Wheat, Bajara, Harbara other farm products include Sugarcane.
Farmers also produce various vegetables and fruits. Famous Fruit is Grapes. There are many Grapes Gardens in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19192069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192069" title="Sports Turf Research Institute">
Sports Turf Research Institute

The Sports Turf Research Institute is a consultancy and research organisation based in Bingley St Ives, near Bradford, West Yorkshire, that studies sports surfaces and turfs for golf, soccer, rugby, cricket, racing, bowling, and tennis.
The institute advises more than 2,000 organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="19192085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192085" title="Henry A. Van Alstyne">
Henry A. Van Alstyne

Henry Arthur Van Alstyne (October 9, 1869 - January 23, 1947) was an American civil engineer and politician from New York. He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1904 to 1906.
Life.
He was the son of Charles G. Van Alstyne and Rachel Landon (Huyck) Van Alstyne. He was educated at Nassau Academy, Marshall Seminary Preparatory School and graduated C.E. from Union College in 1893. In 1892 and 1893, he was employed as Assistant City Engineer of Schenectady, New York, and in 1893 and 1894 he was Engineer-in-Charge of constructing a system of sewers in Fort Plain, New York. From 1894 to 1897, he worked in the State Engineering Department as leveler and Assistant Engineer. In 1897, he became Engineer and Superintendent for the Furnaceville Iron Company, at Rochester, New York. In 1898, he resigned this position to accept one with the Union Bridge Company, at Athens, Pennsylvania.
In 1899, he was appointed First Assistant Engineer, and later Resident Engineer, and in 1901 Division Engineer of the Eastern Division of the State Canals. Upon the resignation of Edward A. Bond in May 1904, Governor Benjamin B. Odell appointed him New York State Engineer and Surveyor. In November 1904, he was re-elected on the Republican ticket, and remained in office until the end of 1906. 
He was in a trolley accident in 1905.
He was defeated for re-election in 1906. Afterwards he practiced as a consulting engineer until 1938 when he retired.
He died on January 23, 1947.
He was a member of the American Society of Civil Engineers.

</doc>
<doc id="19192091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192091" title="Stanley Udenkwor">
Stanley Udenkwor

Stanley Obumneme Udenkwor (born May 1, 1981 in Awka-Etiti, Nigeria) is a Nigerian-born, Polish professional footballer.
Career.
Udenkwor started his career off in his native Nigeria playing for Jasper United. In 2001, Udenkwor moved to Poland and signed with Polonia Warsaw. Udenkwor successfully applied for a Polish passport, and in turn became a citizen. He became the second black African footballer to become a Polish citizen, the other being Emmanuel Olisadebe, who went on to feature for the Polish international team. Incidentally Olisadebe also started his career at Jasper United. His next football move was to sign for Okęcie Warszawa, before spending time in the Azerbaijan Premier League with Neftchi Baku. He then moved to England and joined Gainsborough Trinity, who were playing in the Conference North league, which is the 6th tier of English football. Udenkwor was firstly given a trial by the club's manager Paul Mitchell, and after scoring a hat-trick in his debut for the reserves, he was given a short term contract.
His stay at Gainsborough was well covered in the local media, mainly down to the fact that while at Polonia Warsaw he featured in the UEFA Champions League, which is a notable and attractive achievement for any player playing at that level in the English game. Stanley was also joined at The Northolme by Tam Vo and Lhereux Menga, two French-born forwards who originate from Africa like himself, but both had progressed from the French Non League scene.
After only five games, one of them being the club's 3-1 home defeat to Barnet in the first round of the FA Cup, Stanley was released by Trinity after failing to do enough to extend his contract, as well as failing to live up to the high expectations of the Trinity supporterts and his manager. Following his release by the club, he returned to Poland and signed for Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała, and later went on to play for Mazur Karczew before joining Chrobry Głogów.

</doc>
<doc id="19192096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192096" title="Martin Balluch">
Martin Balluch

Martin Balluch (born 12 October 1964) is an Austrian physicist, philosopher, and prominent animal rights activist. He co-founded the Austrian Vegan Society in 1999, and has been president of the Austrian Association Against Animal Factories ("Verein Gegen Tierfabriken") since 2002. The philosopher Peter Singer has called Balluch "one of the foremost spokesmen in the worldwide animal rights movement for pursuing the nonviolent, democratic road to reform." He was invited to run as a Green Party candidate in September 2008.
Balluch is notable for his role in persuading the Austrian parliament in 2004 to add a clause about non-human animals to the country's constitution, which now reads, "The state protects the life and well-being of animals in its responsibility for them as fellows of mankind." He also helped to establish "animal solicitors" in each province, who are empowered by start court proceedings on behalf of animals, and he was prominent in the campaign to have chicken batteries outlawed, which resulted in their being declared illegal in Austria after 1 January, 2009.
On 21 May 2008, Balluch was one of 10 leaders of Austrian animal advocacy groups jailed without charge under a law aimed at organized crime. The court recommended that the activists be held until September of the same year. Balluch responded by launching a hunger strike, which led to his being artificially fed. He was released on 3 September 2008.
In February 2010, the state prosecution announced that enough evidence had been found to put 13 animal protection activists, including the ten who had spent three months in custody, on trial.
Four of the activists have released their charge sheets on the internet. The activists' supposed membership in a criminal organisation is deduced from an extensive list of expressed opinions and political activities, such as organising demonstrations and public conferences. After 14 months of trial at a cost of over €35,000 in lawyer fees for each of the accused, a complete verdict of "not guilty" for all was handed out on May 2, 2011.
Early life and career.
Balluch was born in Vienna. He obtained diplomas in mathematics and astronomy from the University of Vienna in 1986 and 1987, and his PhD in physics from the University of Heidelberg in 1989. He worked for 12 years as a lecturer and researcher at the Universities of Vienna, Heidelberg, and Cambridge, before leaving academia in 1997 to become a full-time animal rights advocate.
Animal rights advocacy.
Balluch became active within the animal rights movement in 1985, moving to full-time advocacy in 1997 while at Cambridge.
He was one of two protesters who abseiled down Great St Mary's Church in Cambridge in November 1998 in support of animal rights activist Barry Horne, who spent 68 days on hunger strike in an unsuccessful effort to have the government order a Royal Commission on animal testing.
In an article in Peter Singer's "In Defense of Animals: The Second Wave", Balluch describes his activism in Austria, which he says has given Austria animal protection legislation that, he writes, is among the most advanced in the world. He attributes the effectiveness of the activism to a united front among animal advocacy groups, which are elsewhere often divided by ideology and arguments about tactics. The first Austrian animal rights conference was held in Vienna in 2002, leading to a united press conference, which, he writes, signaled the start of a campaign to change the law.<ref name=Balluch/Singer/>
By 2006, there was a ban on battery farms for chickens; a ban on the trade of dogs and cats in pet stores; a ban on the public display of dogs and cats in order to sell them. It is against the law to kill any animal without good cause; kill shelters are outlawed. Each province must appoint an "animal solicitor" financed by the state. The solicitors may take action on behalf of any animal, and must be kept informed about trials involving animals. When police or prosecutors are made aware of breaches of animal legislation, they are now compelled by law to act. Every two years, the government must write a report on advances made in animal protection. An "animal protection committee" has been set up, with one member elected by animal advocacy groups. The use of wild animals in circuses is prohibited. And the following statement has been added to the constitution: "The state protects the life and well-being of animals due to the special responsibility of mankind with respect to animals as their fellows."<ref name=Balluch/Singer/>

</doc>
<doc id="19192097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192097" title="Umudlu, Sarov">
Umudlu, Sarov

Umudly (also, Umutly) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Sarov.

</doc>
<doc id="19192098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192098" title="Maor Vashemesh">
Maor Vashemesh

Maor Vashemesh () is a commentary on the Torah and Moadim by Rabbi Kalonymos Kalman Halevi Epstein, a disciple of Rabbi Elimelech of Lizensk.

</doc>
