<doc id="19283913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283913" title="Poverty in the United States">
Poverty in the United States

Poverty is a state of privation, or a lack of the usual or socially acceptable amount of money or material possessions. The most common measure of poverty in the U.S. is the "poverty threshold" set by the U.S. government. This measure recognizes poverty as a lack of those goods and services commonly taken for granted by members of mainstream society. The official threshold is adjusted for inflation using the consumer price index. The government's definition of poverty is based on total income received. For example, the poverty level for 2012 was set at $23,050 (total yearly income) for a family of four. Most Americans (58.5%) will spend at least one year below the poverty line at some point between ages 25 and 75. Poverty rates are persistently higher in rural and inner city parts of the country as compared to suburban areas.
In November 2012 the U.S. Census Bureau said more than 16% of the population lived in poverty, including almost 20% of American children, up from 14.3% (approximately 43.6 million) in 2009 and to its highest level since 1993. In 2008, 13.2% (39.8 million) Americans lived in poverty. Starting in the 1980s, relative poverty rates have consistently exceeded those of other wealthy nations. California has a poverty rate of 23.5%, the highest of any state in the country.
In 2009 the number of people who were in poverty was approaching 1960s levels that led to the national War on Poverty. In 2011 extreme poverty in the United States, meaning households living on less than $2 per day before government benefits, was double 1996 levels at 1.5 million households, including 2.8 million children. This would be roughly 1.2% of the US population in 2011, presuming a mean household size of 2.55 people. Census data for 2011 showed that half the population qualified as low income.
In 2011, child poverty reached record high levels, with 16.7 million children living in food insecure households, about 35% more than 2007 levels. A 2013 UNICEF report ranked the U.S. as having the second highest relative child poverty rates in the developed world (behind Romania).
There were about 643,000 sheltered and unsheltered homeless people nationwide in January 2009. Almost two-thirds stayed in an emergency shelter or transitional housing program and the other third were living on the street, in an abandoned building, or another place not meant for human habitation. About 1.56 million people, or about 0.5% of the U.S. population, used an emergency shelter or a transitional housing program between October 1, 2008 and September 30, 2009. Around 44% of homeless people are employed.
Measures of poverty.
Two official measures of poverty.
There are two basic versions of the federal poverty measure: the poverty thresholds (which are the primary version) and the poverty guidelines. The Census Bureau issues the poverty thresholds, which are generally used for statistical purposes—for example, to estimate the number of people in poverty nationwide each year and classify them by type of residence, race, and other social, economic, and demographic characteristics. The Department of Health and Human Services issues the poverty guidelines for administrative purposes—for instance, to determine whether a person or family is eligible for assistance through various federal programs.
Since the 1960s, the United States government has defined poverty in absolute terms. When the Johnson administration declared "war on poverty" in 1964, it chose an absolute measure. The "absolute poverty line" is the threshold below which families or individuals are considered to be "lacking the resources to meet the basic needs for healthy living; having insufficient income to provide the food, shelter and clothing needed to preserve health."
The "Orshansky Poverty Thresholds" form the basis for the current measure of poverty in the U.S. Mollie Orshansky was an economist working for the Social Security Administration (SSA). Her work appeared at an opportune moment. Orshansky's article was published later in the same year that Johnson declared war on poverty. Since her measure was absolute (i.e., did not depend on other events), it made it possible to objectively answer whether the U.S. government was "winning" this war. The newly formed United States Office of Economic Opportunity adopted the lower of the Orshansky poverty thresholds for statistical, planning, and budgetary purposes in May 1965.
The Bureau of the Budget (now the Office of Management and Budget) adopted Orshansky's definition for statistical use in all Executive departments. The measure gave a range of income cutoffs, or thresholds, adjusted for factors such as family size, sex of the family head, number of children under 18 years old, and farm or non-farm residence. The economy food plan (the least costly of four nutritionally adequate food plans designed by the Department of Agriculture) was at the core of this definition of poverty.
At the time of creating the poverty definition, the Department of Agriculture found that families of three or more persons spent about one third of their after-tax income on food. For these families, poverty thresholds were set at three times the cost of the economy food plan. Different procedures were used for calculating poverty thresholds for two-person households and persons living alone. Annual updates of the SSA poverty thresholds were based on price changes in the economy food plan, but updates do not reflect other changes (food is no longer one-third of the after-tax income).
Two changes were made to the poverty definition in 1969. Thresholds for non-farm families were tied to annual changes in the Consumer Price Index rather than changes in the cost of the economy food plan. Farm thresholds were raised from 70 to 85% of the non-farm levels.
In 1981, further changes were made to the poverty definition. Separate thresholds for "farm" and "female-householder" families were eliminated. The largest family size category became "nine persons or more."
Apart from these changes, the U.S. government's approach to measuring poverty has remained static for the past forty years.
Recent poverty rate and guidelines.
The poverty guideline figures are not the figures the Census Bureau uses to calculate the number of poor persons. The figures that the Census Bureau uses are the poverty thresholds. The Census Bureau provides an explanation of the difference between poverty thresholds and guidelines. The Census Bureau uses a set of money income thresholds that vary by family size and composition to determine who is in poverty. The 2010 figure for a family of 4 with no children under 18 years of age is $22,541, while the figure for a family of 4 with 2 children under 18 is $22,162. For comparison, the 2011 HHS poverty guideline for a family of 4 is $22,350.
Numbers in other countries.
Comparing poverty levels among countries is difficult, because a variety of factors are at play. The official number of poor in the United States in 2008 is about 39.1 million people, greater in number but not percentage than the officially poor in Indonesia, which has a far lower Human Development Index and the next largest population after the United States. While the percentages appear the same, the actual income is not the same among both groups of people living below their nation's poverty levels. In a different example, the poverty level in the United States of 15% (46.2 million people in poverty, of a total of 308.5 million) is comparable to the one in France, where 14% of the population live with less than 880 euros per month. However, France uses a calculation based on the median income, whereas the US uses a calculation based on food needs.
Understanding the many aspects, not of using but of comparing poverty definitions, can help seeing the forest for the trees. Using the Human Poverty Index (HPI), or Human Development Index (HDI), may help global comparison in quality of living. Yet even when nations use the same method, some issues can remain.
Relative measures of poverty.
Another way of looking at poverty is in "relative" terms. "Relative poverty" can be defined as "having significantly less income and wealth than other members of society." Therefore, the relative poverty rate is a measure of income inequality. When the standard of living among those in more financially advantageous positions rises while that of those considered poor stagnates, the relative poverty rate will reflect such growing income inequality and increase. Conversely, the relative poverty rate can "decrease," with low income people coming to have less wealth and income if wealthier people's wealth is reduced by a larger percentage than theirs. In 1959, a family at the poverty line had an income that was 42.64% of the median income. If the poverty line in 1999 was less than 42.64% of the median income, then relative poverty would have increased.
In the European Union and for the OECD, "relative poverty" is defined as an income below 60% of the national median equalized disposable income after social transfers for a comparable household. In Germany, for example, the official relative poverty line for a single adult person in 2003 was 938 euros per month (11,256 euros/year, $12,382 PPP. West Germany 974 euros/month, 11,688 euros/year, $12,857 PPP). For a family of four with two children below 14 years the poverty line was 1969.8 euros per month ($2,167 PPP) or 23,640 euros ($26,004 PPP) per year. According to Eurostat the percentage of people in Germany living at risk of poverty (relative poverty) in 2004 was 16% (official national rate 13.5% in 2003). Additional definitions for poverty in Germany are "poverty" (50% median) and "strict poverty" (40% median, national rate 1.9% in 2003). Generally the percentage for "relative poverty" is much higher than the quota for "strict poverty". The U.S concept is best comparable to "strict poverty". By European standards the official (relative) poverty rate in the United States would be significantly higher than it is by the U.S. measure. A research paper from the OECD calculates the relative poverty rate for the United States at 16% for 50% median of disposable income and nearly 24% for 60% of median disposable income (OECD average: 11% for 50% median, 16% for 60% median).
Some critics argue that relying on income disparity to determine who is impoverished can be misleading. The Bureau of Labor Statistics data suggests that consumer spending varies much less than income. In 2008, the “poorest” one fifth of Americans households spent on average $12,955 per person for goods and services (other than taxes), the second quintile spent $14,168, the third $16,255, the fourth $19,695, while the “richest” fifth spent $26,644. The disparity of expenditures is much less than the disparity of income. 
Income distribution and relative poverty.
Although the relative approach theoretically differs largely from the Orshansky definition, crucial variables of both poverty definitions are more similar than often thought. First, the so-called standardization of income in both approaches is very similar. To make incomes comparable among households of different sizes, equivalence scales are used to standardize household income to the level of a single person household. In Europe, the modified OECD equivalence scale is used, which takes the combined value of 1 for the head of household, 0.5 for each additional household member older than 14 years and 0.3 for children. When compared to the US Census poverty lines, which is based on a defined basket of goods, for the most prevalent household types both standardization methods show to be very similar.
Furthermore, the poverty threshold in Western-European countries is not always higher than the Orshansky threshold for a single person family. The actual Orchinsky poverty line for single person households in the US ($9645 in 2004) is very comparable to the relative poverty line in many Western-European countries (Belgium 2004: €9315), while price levels are also similar. The reason why relative poverty measurement causes high poverty levels in the US, as demonstrated by Förster, as did 26.6% of all persons in single parent households and 19.1% of all persons living alone. More than 75% of all poor households are headed by women (2012).
By race/ethnicity and family status, based on data from 2007.
Among married couple families: 5.8% lived in poverty. This number varied by race and ethnicity as follows: <br>
5.4% of all white persons (which includes white Hispanics), <br>
9.7% of all black persons (which includes black Hispanics), and<br>
14.9% of all Hispanic persons (of any race) living in poverty.
Among single parent (male or female) families: 26.6% lived in poverty. This number varied by race and ethnicity as follows" and living in poverty.
Among individuals living alone: 19.1% lived in poverty. This number varied by race and ethnicity as follows: <br>
18% of white persons (which includes white Hispanics) <br>
28.9% of black persons (which includes black Hispanics) and <br>
27% of Hispanic persons (of any race) living in poverty
Poverty and race/ethnicity.
The US Census declared that in 2010 15.1% of the general population lived in poverty: but poverty rates are much higher for blacks and Hispanics. Non-Hispanic white children comprised 57% of all poor rural children.
In FY 2009, black families comprised 33.3% of TANF families, non-Hispanic white families comprised 31.2%, and 28.8% were Hispanic.
Poverty among Native Americans.
Poverty is also notoriously high on Native American reservations. 7 of the 11 poorest counties in per capita income, including the to 2 poorest in the U.S., encompass Lakota Sioux reservations in South Dakota. This fact has been cited by some critics as a mechanism that enables the “kidnapping” of Lakota children by the state of South Dakota's Department of Social Services. Lakota People’s Law Project, among other critics, allege that South Dakota “inappropriately equates economic poverty with neglect...South Dakota's rate of identifying 'neglect' is 18% higher than the national average...In 2010, the national average of state discernment of neglect, as a percent of total maltreatment of foster children prior to their being taken into custody by the state, was 78.3%. In South Dakota the rate was 95.8%.7” 
Poverty in the Pine Ridge Reservation in particular has had unprecedented effects on its resident's longevity. “Recent reports state the average life expectancy is 45 years old while others state that it is 48 years old for men and 52 years old for women. With either set of figures, that's the shortest life expectancy for any community in the Western Hemisphere outside Haiti, according to The Wall Street Journal” 
Poverty and age.
The US Census declared that in 2010 15.1% of the general population lived in poverty:
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) uses a different measure for poverty and declared in 2008 that child poverty in the US is 20% and poverty among the elderly is 23%. The non-profit advocacy group Feeding America has released a study (May 2009) based on 2005–2007 data from the U.S. Census Bureau and the Agriculture Department, which claims that 3.5 million children under the age of 5 are at risk of hunger in the United States. The study claims that in 11 states, Louisiana, which has the highest rate, followed by North Carolina, Ohio, Kentucky, Texas, New Mexico, Kansas, South Carolina, Tennessee, Idaho and Arkansas, more than 20 percent of children under 5 are allegedly at risk of going hungry. (Receiving fewer than 1,800 calories per day) The study was paid by ConAgra Foods, a large food company.
Child poverty.
In 2012, 16.1 million children were living in poverty. Out of the 49 million Americans living in food insecure homes, 15.9 million of them were children. In 2013, child poverty reached record high levels in the U.S., with 16.7 million children living in food insecure households. 47 million Americans depend on food banks, more than 30% above 2007 levels. Households headed by single mothers are most likely to be affected. 30 percent of low income single mothers can't even afford diapers. Not having the ability to afford this necessity can cause a chain reaction of events to occur, including mental, health, and behavioral affects. Some women are forced to make use of one or two diapers, using them more than once. This causes rashes and sanitation problems as well as health problems for the child and the mother. Without diapers, children are unable to enter into daycare. The lack of childcare can be detrimental to single mothers by hindering their ability to obtain employment. Worst affected are the District of Columbia, Oregon, Arizona, New Mexico and Florida, while North Dakota, New Hampshire, Virginia, Minnesota and Massachusetts are the least affected. 31 million low-income children received free or reduced-price meals daily through the National School lunch program during the 2012 federal fiscal year. Nearly 14 million children are estimated to be served by Feeding America with over 3 million being of the ages of 5 and under. 
Poverty and education.
Poverty affects individual access to quality education. The U.S. education system is funded by local communities; therefore the quality of materials and teachers is reflective of the affluence of community. Low income communities are not able to afford the quality education that high income communities are. Another important aspect of education in low income communities is the apathy of both students and teachers. To some the children of the poor or ignorant are seen as mere copies of their parents fated to live out the same poor or ignorant life. The effect of such a perception can be teachers that will not put forth the effort to teach and students that are opposed to learning; in both cases the idea is that the poor student is incapable. Females in poverty are also likely to become pregnant at a young age, and with fewer resources to care for a child, young women often drop out of school. Due to these and other reasons the quality of education between the classes is not equal.
Food security.
Eighty-nine percent of the American households were food secure throughout the entire year of 2002, meaning that they had access, at all times, to enough food for an active, healthy life for all of the household members. The remaining households were food insecure at least some time during that year. The prevalence of food insecurity rose from 10.7% in 2001 to 11.1% in 2002, and the prevalence of food insecurity with hunger rose from 3.3% to 3.5%.
In 2007, 88.9% of American households were food secure throughout the entire year. The number of American households that were food secure throughout the entire year dropped to 85.4% in 2008. The prevalence of food insecurity has been essentially unchanged since 2008.
Factors in poverty.
There are numerous factors related to poverty in the United States.
Concerns regarding accuracy.
In recent years, there have been a number of concerns raised about the official U.S. poverty measure. In 1995, the National Research Council's Committee on National Statistics convened a panel on measuring poverty. The findings of the panel were that "the official poverty measure in the United States is flawed and does not adequately inform policy-makers or the public about who is poor and who is not poor."
The panel was chaired by Robert Michael, former Dean of the Harris School of the University of Chicago. According to Michael, the official U.S. poverty measure "has not kept pace with far-reaching changes in society and the economy." The panel proposed a model based on disposable income:
Understating poverty.
Many sociologists and government officials have argued that poverty in the United States is understated, meaning that there are more households living in actual poverty than there are households below the poverty threshold. A recent NPR report states that as much as 30% of Americans have trouble making ends meet and other advocates have made supporting claims that the rate of actual poverty in the US is far higher than that calculated by using the poverty threshold. A study taken in 2012 estimated that roughly 38% of Americans live "paycheck to paycheck."
According to William H. Chafe, if one used a relative standard for measuring poverty (a standard that took into account the rising standards of living rather than an absolute dollar figure) then 18% of families was living in poverty in 1968, not 13% as officially estimated at that time.
As far back as 1969, the Bureau of Labor Statistics put forward suggested budgets for families to live adequately on. 60% of working-class Americans lived below one of these budgets, which suggested that a far higher proportion of Americans lived in poverty than the official poverty line suggested. These findings were also used by observers on the left when questioning the long-established view that most Americans had attained an affluent standard of living in the two decades following the end of the Second World War.
Using a definition of relative poverty (reflecting disposable income below half the median of adjusted national income), it was estimated that, between 1979 and 1982, 17.1% of Americans lived in poverty, compared with 12.6% of the population of Canada, 12.2% of the population of Australia, 9.7% of the population of Britain, 5.6% of the population of West Germany, 5.3% of the population of Sweden, and 5.2% of the population of Norway.
As noted above, the poverty thresholds used by the US government were originally developed during the Johnson administration's War on Poverty initiative in 1963–1964. Mollie Orshansky, the government economist working at the Social Security Administration who developed the thresholds, based the threshold levels on the cost of purchasing what in the mid-1950s had been determined by the US Department of Agriculture to be the minimal nutritionally-adequate amount of food necessary to feed a family. Orshansky multiplied the cost of the food basket by a factor of three, under the assumption that the average family spent one third of its income on food.
While the poverty threshold is updated for inflation every year, the basket of food used to determine what constitutes being deprived of a socially acceptable minimum standard of living has not been updated since 1955. As a result, the current poverty line only takes into account food purchases that were common more than 50 years ago, updating their cost using the Consumer Price Index. When methods similar to Orshansky’s were used to update the food basket using prices for the year 2000 instead of from nearly a half century earlier, it was found that the poverty line should actually be 200% higher than the official level being used by the government in that year.
Yet even that higher level could still be considered flawed, as it would be based almost entirely on food costs and on the assumption that families still spend a third of their income on food. In fact, Americans typically spent less than one tenth of their after-tax income on food in 2000. For many families, the costs of housing, health insurance and medical care, transportation, and access to basic telecommunications take a much larger bite out of the family’s income today than a half century ago; yet, as noted above, none of these costs are considered in determining the official poverty thresholds.
According to John Schwarz, a political scientist at the University of Arizona:
The issue of understating poverty is especially pressing in states with both a high cost of living and a high poverty rate such as California where the median home price in May 2006 was determined to be $564,430. With half of all homes being priced above the half million dollar mark and prices in urban areas such as San Francisco, San Jose or Los Angeles being higher than the state average, it is almost impossible for not just the poor but also lower middle class worker to afford decent housing, and no possibility of home ownership. In the Monterey area, where the low-pay industry of agriculture is the largest sector in the economy and the majority of the population lacks a college education the median home price was determined to be $723,790, requiring an upper middle class income which only roughly 20% of all households in the county boast.
Such fluctuations in local markets are, however, not considered in the Federal poverty threshold, and thus leave many who live in poverty-like conditions out of the total number of households classified as poor.
In 2011, the Census Bureau introduced a new supplementary poverty measure aimed at providing a more accurate picture of the true extent of poverty in the United States. According to this new measure, 16% of Americans lived in poverty in 2011, compared with 15.2% using the official figure. The new measure also estimated that nearly half of all Americans lived in poverty that year, defined as living within 200% of the federal poverty line.
Duke University Professor of Public Policy and Economics Sandy Darity, Jr. says, "There is no exact way of measuring poverty. The measures are contingent on how we conceive of and define poverty. Efforts to develop more refined measures have been dominated by researchers who intentionally want to provide estimates that reduce the magnitude of poverty."
Overstating poverty.
Some critics assert that the official U.S. poverty definition is inconsistent with how it is defined by its own citizens and the rest of the world, because the U.S. government considers many citizens statistically impoverished despite their ability to sufficiently meet their basic needs. According to a 2011 paper by poverty expert Robert Rector, of the 43.6 million Americans deemed to be below the poverty level by the U.S. Census Bureau in 2009, the majority had adequate shelter, food, clothing and medical care. In addition, the paper stated that those assessed to be below the poverty line in 2011 have a much higher quality of living than those who were identified by the census 40 years ago as being in poverty. Moreover, Swedish libertarian think tank Timbro points out that lower-income households in the U.S. tend to own more appliances and larger houses than many middle-income Western Europeans.
The federal poverty line also excludes income other than cash income, especially welfare benefits. Thus, if food stamps and public housing were successfully raising the standard of living for poverty stricken individuals, then the poverty line figures would not shift since they do not consider the income equivalents of such entitlements.
A 1993 study of low income single mothers titled "Making Ends Meet," by Kathryn Edin, a sociologist at the University of Pennsylvania, showed that the mothers spent more than their reported incomes because they could not "make ends meet" without such expenditures. According to Edin, they made up the difference through contributions from family members, absent boyfriends, off-the-book jobs, and church charity.
According to Edin: "No one avoided the unnecessary expenditures, such as the occasional trip to the Dairy Queen, or a pair of stylish new sneakers for the son who might otherwise sell drugs to get them, or the Cable TV subscription for the kids home alone and you are afraid they will be out on the street if they are not watching TV." However many mothers skipped meals or did odd jobs to cover those expenses. According to Edin, for "most welfare-reliant mothers food and shelter alone cost almost as much as these mothers received from the government. For more than one-third, food and housing costs exceeded their cash benefits, leaving no extra money for uncovered medical care, clothing, and other household expenses." 
Fighting poverty.
There have been many governmental and nongovernmental efforts to reduce poverty and its effects. These range in scope from neighborhood efforts to campaigns with a national focus. They target specific groups affected by poverty such as children, people who are autistic, immigrants, or people who are homeless. Efforts to alleviate poverty use a disparate set of methods, such as advocacy, education, social work, legislation, direct service or charity, and community organizing.
Recent debates have centered on the need for policies that focus on both "income poverty" and "asset poverty." Advocates for the approach argue that traditional governmental poverty policies focus solely on supplementing the income of the poor, through programs such as Aid to Families with Dependent Children (AFDC) and Food Stamps. According to the CFED 2012 Assets & Opportunity Scorecard, 27 percent of households – nearly double the percentage that are income poor – are living in “asset poverty.” These families do not have the savings or other assets to cover basic expenses (equivalent to what could be purchased with a poverty level income) for three months if a layoff or other emergency leads to loss of income. Since 2009, the number of asset poor families has increased by 21 percent from about one in five families to one in four families. In order to provide assistance to such asset poor families, Congress appropriated $24 million to administer the Assets for Independence Program under the supervision of the US Department for Health and Human Services. The program enables community-based nonprofits and government agencies to implement Individual Development Account or IDA programs, which are an asset-based development initiative. Every dollar accumulated in IDA savings is matched by federal and non-federal funds to enable households to add to their assets portfolio by buying their first home, acquiring a post-secondary education and starting or expanding a small business.
Additionally, the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC or EIC) is a credit for people who earn low-to-moderate incomes. This credit allows them to get money from the government if their total tax outlay is less than the total credit earned, meaning it is not just a reduction in total tax paid but can also bring new income to the household. The Earned Income Tax Credit is viewed as the largest poverty reduction program in the United States. There is an ongoing debate in the US about what is the most effective way to fight poverty, is it through the tax code with the EITC or through the minimum wage laws.
Government safety net programs put in place since the War on Poverty have helped reduce the poverty rate from 26% in 1967 to 16% in 2012. Without such programs, the poverty rate would be 29% today. However, while the American welfare state effectively reduces poverty among the elderly, it provides relatively little assistance to the working-age poor. The U.S. has the weakest social safety net of all developed nations.
See also.
Other:
International:

</doc>
<doc id="19283916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283916" title="Mollahəsənli">
Mollahəsənli

Mollahəsənli or Mollagasanli or Molla-Gasanly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19283920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283920" title="1914">
1914

__NOTOC__
Year 1914 (MCMXIV) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) in the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Wednesday in the Julian calendar. This year saw the beginning of what became known as World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="19283927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283927" title="Kargil Chowk">
Kargil Chowk

Kargil Chowk is a War memorial. It was established in year 2000, near by Gandhi Maidan, Patna. It is dedicated to the soldiers from Bihar & Jharkhand who had sacrificed their lives in the Pakistani infiltration in 1999.
List engraved names on Kargil Chowk.
Following are the martyrs whose names are engraved on Kargil Chowk war memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="19283928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283928" title="St. Thomas Aquinas Regional Secondary School">
St. Thomas Aquinas Regional Secondary School

St. Thomas Aquinas Regional Secondary is a Catholic school, under the administration of CISVA (Catholic Independent Schools of the Vancouver Archdiocese) school board. [http://www.cisva.bc.ca/]
The school is co-educational, offering academic, fine arts, and business programs, as well as athletic, performing arts, and other extracurricular programs, for students from grades 8 to 12.
The school participates in sporting events under the name of the "Fighting Saints".
History.
The Sisters of the Child Jesus arrived in British Columbia in 1898 to do missionary work with the First Nations people of the North Shore.
In 1957, Archbishop William Mark Duke (also known as Iron Duke) approached the sisters to establish a high school on the North Shore. By 1959 the first students walked through the doors of St. Thomas Aquinas Regional Secondary.
Independent school status.
St. Thomas Aquinas Regional Secondary is classified as a Group 1 school under British Columbia's Independent School Act. It receives 50% funding from the Ministry of Education. The school receives no funding for capital costs. It is under charge of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vancouver.
Academic performance.
St. Thomas Aquinas Regional Secondary is ranked by the Fraser Institute. In 2007, it's ranked 16th out of 298 Vancouver, lower mainland schools. 
99% of the students graduate and with 75% of our graduates enroll at Post-Secondary institutions immediately after graduation.
Provincial exam averages exceeds Provincial norms and are higher than CISVA & Independent school averages.
Athletic performance.
Both the Varsity Boys & Girls basketball teams participate in the BC Catholic Basketball Championship, one of the largest tournaments in the province of BC.
Girls Volleyball
Boys Soccer
Wrestling
Boys Basketball
Girls Basketball
Track & Field
Golf
Artistic performance.
St. Thomas Aquinas Regional Secondary provides students with a variety of performing & non-performing arts.
Notes.
St. Thomas Aquinas Regional Secondary is the only Catholic high school in North Vancouver. 

</doc>
<doc id="19283942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283942" title="Sumpong">
Sumpong

Sumpong, in Filipino Psychology, refers to a range of short-term or temporary temperament, mood problem, or illness wherein a person withdraws affection or cheerfulness from people in general.
The behavior roots from Filipino culture, therefore the term has no English equivalent, but "having a bad day," "temperament problem," "mood," "tantrum," "neurosis" and even "chronic illness" may be considered close translations, depending on the context.
Manifestations of Sumpong.
Sumpong is usually manifested by those who were not able to sleep well. There is the absence of a cheerful behavior, and its expression is almost entirely nonverbal. These manifestations include:
These are usually efforts to get the offending party to go away, and if these behaviors do not work, the person with "sumpong" might choose to escalate them - foot stomping, door slamming, and shouting, for example.
Cultural reason for Sumpong.
While these external manifestations may indeed sound like a temperament or mood problem in the western sense, the underlying cultural reason for them is what sets "sumpong" apart. While tantrums and moodiness have strong negative connotations in western countries, "sumpong " is understandable among Filipinos. In fact, "sumpong" has positive connotations for the Filipino aside from the obvious negatives ones. Having "sumpong" is a manifestation of being able to feel and not being too passive.
Like "tampo", the cultural behavior "sumpong" roots from the nonconfrontational nature of Filipino culture. That is to say, it is a way of expressing hurt feelings in a culture where the direct expression of anger or resentment is discouraged. The withdrawal behaviors in "sumpong" are indirect ways of expressing hostility or resentment.
It can also be seen as a way by which Filipinos "save face," as direct confrontation is usually a threat to "smooth interpersonal relationships" (SIR), which is a deeply valued in Philippine society.
Dealing with Sumpong.
The basic expectation of one who meets a person with "sumpong" is to go away or to refrain from jesting with the person. One way of dealing with a person with "sumpong" is to respond to the person with the mood problem with friendly overtures or expressions of concern. Not to do this may, however, cause spontaneous healing ("nawala na ang sumpong") after a short "cooling off" period. In most cases of "sumpong", healing the inner, emotional relationship between two people is usually more critical than resolving the issue itself.
Related Cultural Traits.
Like other Asians, Filipinos believe strongly in tampo and in saving face. This is why, in response to an invitation, when a Filipino says yes, it might mean “yes”, but could mean “maybe”, or even “I don’t know.” It is often difficult for Filipinos to bring themselves to say no, and it is a good idea to confirm a dinner invitation several times to ensure that they did not say yes because they could not find a proper way to say no. Also tied to saving face are "amor propio", which means self respect; and "hiya", which means shame. A Filipino would be thought of as lacking "amor propio" if, for example, they accepted criticism weakly or did not offer honored guests the proper hospitality. Hiya is felt by those whose actions are seen as socially unacceptable, and one of the ultimate insults in Philippine society is to be labeled walang-hiya, which roughly translates to being shameless. Everyone is expected to have hiya, and to win the respect of others by conforming to community norms.

</doc>
<doc id="19283944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283944" title="History of Bolivia">
History of Bolivia

This is the history of Bolivia. See also the history of Latin America and the history of the Americas.
Bolivia is a landlocked country in South America. Bolivia became independent on 6 August 1825.
Pre-Hispanic period.
The region that is now known as Bolivia has been constantly occupied for over 2,000 years, when the Aymara arrived in the region, eventually settling in Western Bolivia, Southern Peru and Northern Chile. Present-day Aymara associate themselves with an advanced civilization situated at Tiwanaku, in Western Bolivia. The capital city of Tiwanaku dates as early as 1200 BC as a small agriculturally-based village. The community grew to urban proportions between AD 600 and AD 800, becoming an important regional power in the southern Andes. According to early estimates, at its maximum extent, the city covered approximately 6.5 square kilometers, and had between 15,000 - 30,000 inhabitants. However, satellite imaging was used recently to map the extent of "flooded-raised field" agriculture (Aymara language: suka kollus) across the three primary valleys of Tiwanaku, arriving at population-carrying capacity estimates of anywhere between 285,000 and 1,482,000 people.
Around AD 400, Tiwanaku went from being a locally dominant force to a predatory state. Tiwanaku expanded its reaches into the Yungas and brought its culture and way of life to many other cultures in Peru, Bolivia, and Chile. However, Tiwanaku was not a violent culture in many aspects. 
Tiwanaku became very political and did this as a way to expand his reach, creating colonies, trade agreements (which made the other cultures rather dependent), and state cults.
The empire continued to grow with no end in sight. William H. Isbell states that "Tiahuanaco underwent a dramatic transformation between AD 600 and 700 that established new monumental standards for civic architecture and greatly increased the resident population." Tiwanaku continued to absorb cultures rather than eradicate them. Archaeologists have seen a dramatic adoption of Tiwanaku ceramics in the cultures who became part of the Tiwanaku empire. Tiwanaku gained its power through the trade it implemented between all of the cities within its empire. The elites gained their status by the surplus of food they gained from all of the regions and then by having the ability to redistribute the food among all the people. This is where the control of llama herds became very significant to Tiwanaku. The llama herds were essential for carrying goods back and forth between the center and the periphery as well as symbolizing the distance between the commoners and the elites. Their power continued to grow in this manner of a surplus of resources until about AD 950. At this time a dramatic shift in climate occurred.
At this point in time there was a significant drop in precipitation for the Titicaca Basin. Some archaeologists even venture to say that a great drought occurred. As the rain became less and less many of the cities further away from Lake Titicaca began to produce less crops to give to the elites. As the surplus of food ran out for the elites their power began to fall. The capital city became the last place of production, due to the resiliency of the raised fields, but in the end even the intelligent design of the fields was no match for the weather. Tiwanaku disappeared around AD 1000 because food production, their main source of power, dried up. The land was not inhabited for many years after that.
Between 1438 and 1527, the Inca empire embarked on a mass expansion, acquiring much of what is now western Bolivia. However, they could not maintain control of the region for long as the rapidly expanding Inca Empire was internally weak, but nonetheless left the greatest mark on the Bolivian culture. In 1430, the Inca civilization swept across the western part of Bolivia. During this time, the Incas’ expansion increased under the rule of their ninth emperor, Pachacuti Inca Yupanqui, whose reign lasted from 1438 to 1471. Pachacuti Yupanqui was succeeded by his son, Topa Inca Yupanqui whose reign also increased the Incan territory and lasted from 1471 to 1493. During the fifteenth century the Incas conquered the region of Lake Titicaca, the last of the Aymaran people and the last of the Native Bolivians. Thus, western Bolivia became a part of the Inca territory.
Spanish colonial period.
Conquest by Spain.
Francisco Pizarro, Diego de Almagro, and Hernando de Luque led the Spanish discovery and conquest of the Inca Empire. They first sailed south in 1524 along the Pacific coast from Panama to confirm the existence of a legendary land of gold called "Biru" (later altered to Peru).
Because the rapidly expanding Inca Empire was internally weak, the conquest was remarkably easy. After the Inca Emperor Huayna Capac died in 1527, his sons Huascar and Atahualpa fought over the succession. Although Atahualpa defeated his brother, he had not yet consolidated his power when the their strength. Atahualpa did not attempt to defeat Pizarro when he arrived on the coast in 1532 because the Incan ruler was convinced that those who commanded the mountains also controlled the coast. When Pizarro formed alliances with Indians who resented Inca rule, Atahualpa did not modify the Inca ceremonial approach to warfare, which included launching attacks by the light of the full moon. Atahualpa’s refusal to accept the permanent Spanish presence and to convert led to the bloody Battle of Cajamarca on 16 November 1532. Pizarro executed Atahualpa's 12-man honor guard and took the Inca captive at the so-called ransom room. One year later, the Inca capital of Cuzco fell and was refounded as a new Spanish settlement.
Despite Pizarro's quick victory, Indian rebellions soon began and continued periodically throughout the colonial period. In 1537, Manco Inca, whom the Spanish had established as a puppet emperor, rebelled against the new rulers and restored a "neoInca" state. This state continued to challenge Spanish authority even after the Spanish suppressed the revolt and beheaded Túpac Amaru in the public square of Cuzco in 1572. Later revolts in the Bolivian highlands were usually organized by the elders of the community and remained local in nature, except for the great rebellion of Túpac Amaru II. The amount of these revolts can be accredited to the foes nature, and their faces.
During the first two decades of Spanish rule, the settlement of the Bolivian highlands — now known as Upper ("Alto") Peru or Charcas — was delayed by a civil war between the forces of Pizarro and those of Almagro. The two conquistadors had divided the Incan territory, with the north under the control of Pizarro and the south under that of Almagro. But fighting broke out in 1537 when Almagro seized Cuzco after suppressing the Manco Inca rebellion. Pizarro defeated and executed Almagro in 1538 but was himself assassinated three years later by former supporters of Almagro. Pizarro's brother Gonzalo assumed control of Upper Peru but soon became embroiled in a rebellion against the Spanish crown. Only with the execution of Gonzalo Pizarro in 1548 did Spain succeed in reasserting its authority; later that year, colonial authorities established the city of La Paz, which soon became an important commercial and trans-shipment center.
Indian resistance delayed the conquest and settlement of the Bolivian lowlands. The Spanish established Sa Sierra in 1561, but the Gran Ce colonial name for the arid Chaco region, remained a violent frontier throughout colonial rule. In the Chaco, the Indians, mostly Chiriguano, carried out unrelenting attacks against colonial settlements and remained independent of direct Spanish control.
Spanish administration.
During most of the Spanish colonial period, this territory was called "Upper Peru" or "Charcas" and was under the authority of the Viceroy of Lima. Local government came from the Real Audiencia of Charcas located in Chuquisaca or La Plata (modern Sucre). Bolivian silver mines produced much of the Spanish empire's wealth, and Potosí, site of the famed Cerro Rico — "Rich Mountain" — was, for many years, the largest city in the Western Hemisphere.
The longevity of Spain's empire in South America can be explained partly by the successful administration of the colonies. Spain was at first primarily interested in controlling the independent-minded conquerors, but its main goal soon became maintaining the flow of revenue to the crown and collecting the tribute of goods and labor from the Indian population. To this end, Spain soon created an elaborate bureaucracy in the New World in which various institutions served as watchdogs over each other and local officials had considerable autonomy.
Upper Peru, at first a part of the Viceroyalty of Peru, joined the new Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata (whose capital was Buenos Aires) when it was created in 1776. The viceroy was aided by the audiencia (council), which was simultaneously the highest court of appeal in the jurisdiction and, in the absence of the viceroy, also had administrative and executive powers. The wealth of Upper Peru and its remoteness from Lima convinced the authorities in Lima to create an audiencia in the city of Chuquisaca (present-day Sucre) in 1558. Chuquisaca had become particularly important as Potosí's administrative and agricultural supply center. The jurisdiction of the audiencia, known as Charcas, initially covered a radius of 100 leagues (1,796 km²) around Chuquisaca, but it soon included Santa Cruz and territory belonging to present-day Paraguay and, until 1568, also the entire district of Cuzco. The president of the "audiencia" had judicial authority as well as administrative and executive powers in the region, but only in routine matters; more important decisions were made in Lima. This situation led to a competitive attitude and the reputation of Upper Peru for assertiveness, a condition reinforced by the economic importance of the region.
Spain exercised its control of smaller administrative units in the colonies through royal officials, such as the "corregidor", who represented the king in the municipal governments that were elected by their citizens. By the early 17th century, there were four "corregidores" in Upper Peru.
In the late 18th century, Spain undertook an administrative reform to increase revenues of the crown and eliminate a number of abuses. It created an intendancy system, giving extensive powers to highly qualified officials who were directly responsible to the king. In 1784, Spain established four intendancy districts in Upper Peru, covering the present-day departments of La Paz, Cochabamba, Potosí, and Chuquisaca.
At first, the Spanish crown controlled the local governments indirectly, but in time slowly centralized procedures. At first, Viceroy Francisco de Toledo, Count of Oropesa confirmed the rights of local nobles and guaranteed them local autonomy. But the crown eventually came to employ Spanish officials, "corregidores de indios", to collect tribute and taxes from the Indians. "Corregidores de indios" also imported goods and forced the Indians to buy them, a widely abused practice that proved to be an enormous source of wealth for these officials but caused much resentment among the Indian population.
With the first settlers in Upper Peru came the secular and regular clergy to begin the conversion of the Indians to Christianity. In 1552, the first bishopric in Upper Peru was established in La Plata; in 1605 La Paz and Santa Cruz also became bishoprics. In 1623, the Jesuits established the Royal and Pontifical Higher University of San Francisco Xavier of Chuquisaca, Upper Peru's first university.
Indian reaction to colonial rule and conversion to Christianity varied. Many Indians adapted to Spanish ways by breaking with their traditions and actively attempting to enter the market economy. They also used the courts to protect their interests, especially against new tribute assessments. Others, however, clung to their customs as much as possible, and some rebelled against the white rulers. Local, mostly uncoordinated, rebellions occurred throughout colonial rule. More than 100 revolts occurred in the 18th century alone in Bolivia and Peru.
Although the official Inca religion disappeared rapidly, the Indians continued their local worship under the protection of local Indian rulers. But as Christianity influenced the Indians, a new folk-Catholicism developed, incorporating symbols of the indigenous religion. Whereas early Indian rebellions were anti-Christian, the revolts at the end of the 16th century were based in messianic Christian symbolism that was Roman Catholic and anti-Spanish. The church was tolerant of local Indian religions. For example, in 1582 the bishop of La Plata permitted the Indians to build a sanctuary for the dark Virgen de Copacabana on the shores of Lake Titicaca (Copacabana has been a traditional Aymara religious center ever since).
The conquest and colonial rule were traumatic experiences for the Indians. Easily susceptible to European diseases, the native population decreased rapidly. The situation worsened in the 18th century when Spain demanded higher tribute payments and increased mita obligations in an attempt to improve the mining output.
These profound economic and social changes and the breakup of native culture contributed to the increasing addiction of Indians to alcohol. Before the Spanish arrived, the Incas had consumed alcohol only during religious ceremonies. Indian use of the coca leaf also expanded, and, according to one chronicler, at the end of the 16th century "in Potosí alone, the trade in coca amounts to over half a million pesos a year, for 95,000 baskets of it are consumed."
Increasing Indian discontent with colonial rule sparked the great rebellion of Túpac Amaru II. Born José Gabriel Condorcanqui, this educated, Spanish-speaking Native American took the name of his ancestor, Túpac Amaru. During the 1770s, he became embittered over the harsh treatment of the Indians by the "corregidores de indios". In November 1780, Túpac Amaru II and his followers seized and executed a particularly cruel "corregidor de indios". Although Túpac Amaru II insisted that his movement was reformist and did not seek to overthrow Spanish rule, his demands included an autonomous region. The uprising quickly became a full-scale revolt. Approximately 60,000 Indians in the Peruvian and Bolivian Andes rallied to the cause. After scoring some initial victories, including defeating a Spanish army of 1,200 men, Túpac Amaru II was captured and killed in May 1781; nonetheless, the revolt continued, primarily in Upper Peru. There, a supporter of Túpac Amaru II, the Indian chief Tomás Catari, had led an uprising in Potosí during the early months of 1780. Catari was killed by the Spaniards a month before Túpac Amaru II. Another major revolt was led by Julián Apaza, a sexton who took the names of the two rebel martyrs by calling himself Túpac Catari (also spelled Katari). He besieged La Paz for more than 100 days in 1781. In 1782, an Aymara woman, Bartolina Sisa, was executed for raising yet another revolt. Spain did not succeed in putting down all of the revolts until 1783 and then proceeded to execute thousands of Indians.
In the late 18th century, a growing discontent with Spanish rule developed among the "criollos" (persons of pure Spanish descent born in the New World). Criollos began to assume active roles in the economy, especially in mining and agricultural production, and thus resented the trade barriers established by the mercantalist policies of the Spanish crown. In addition, "criollos" were incensed that Spain reserved all higher administrative positions for "peninsulares" (Spanish-born persons residing in the New World).
The Enlightenment, with its emphasis on reason, questioning of authority and tradition, and individualistic tendencies, also contributed to "criollo" discontent. The Inquisition had not kept the writings of Niccolò Machiavelli, Voltaire, Denis Diderot, Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Paine, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, John Locke, and others out of Spanish America; their ideas were often discussed by "criollos", especially those educated at the university in Chuquisaca. At first the "criollos" of Upper Peru were influenced by the French Revolution, but they eventually rejected it as too violent. Although Upper Peru was fundamentally loyal to Spain, the ideas of the Enlightenment and independence from Spain continued to be discussed by scattered groups of radicals.
Struggle for independence.
As Spanish royal authority weakened during the Napoleonic Wars, sentiment against colonial rule grew. Bolivian historiography dates the proclamation of independence to 1809, but 16 years of struggle followed before the establishment of a republic, named for Simón Bolívar
The invasion of the Iberian Peninsula in 1807-08 by Napoleon's forces proved critical to the independence struggle in South America. The overthrow of the Bourbon Dynasty and the placement of Joseph Bonaparte on the Spanish throne tested the loyalty of the local elites in Upper Peru, who were suddenly confronted with several conflicting authorities. Most remained loyal to the Spanish Bourbons. Taking a wait-and-see attitude, they supported the Supreme Central Junta in Spain, a government which claimed to rule in the name of the abdicated Ferdinand VII. Some liberals eagerly welcomed the possible reforms to colonial rule promised by Joseph Bonaparte. A few officials supported the claims to a type of regency of the Spanish realms by Ferdinand's sister, Carlota, who at the moment governed from Brazil with her husband, Prince Regent John of Portugal. Finally, a small number of radical Criollos wanted independence for Upper Peru.
This conflict of authority resulted in a local power struggle in Upper Peru between 1808 and 1810, which constituted the first phase of the efforts to achieve independence. In 1808, the president of the Audiencia, Ramón García León de Pizarro, leaned towards affiliation with Carlotta. But the "oidores" of the Audiencia favored the Supreme Central Junta. On 25 May 1809, the "oidores" deposed President García León and established a junta to govern in the name of Ferdinand VII. On 16 July 1809, Pedro Domingo Murillo led another revolt by Criollos and Mestizos in La Paz and proclaimed an independent junta of Upper Peru, which would govern in the name of Ferdinand VII. By November 1809, Cochabamba, Oruro, and Potosí had joined the La Paz junta. Both revolts were put down by forces sent to La Paz by the viceroys of Peru and the Río de La Plata.
During the following seven years, Upper Peru became the battleground for forces of the United Provinces of the River Plate and royalist troops from Peru. Although the royalists repulsed three Argentine invasions, guerrillas controlled parts of the countryside, where they formed six major "republiquetas", or zones of insurrection. In these zones, local patriotism would eventually develop into a full fight for independence. By 1817, Upper Peru was relatively quiet and under the control of the Viceroyalty of Peru.
After 1820, conservative Criollos supported General Pedro Antonio de Olañeta, a Charcas native, who refused to accept the restoration of the liberal Spanish Constitution of 1812. Olañeta, convinced that these measures threatened royal authority, refused to join either the liberal royalist forces or the rebel armies under the command of Bolívar and Antonio José de Sucre. Olañeta did not relinquish his command even after the Peruvian royalists included him and his forces in their capitulation agreement following their defeat in the Battle of Ayacucho in 1824. Olañeta continued a quixotic war during the following months until Sucre defeated him, and he was killed by his own men on 1 April 1825, in a battle that effectively ended Spanish rule in Upper Peru. A constitutional congress declared Bolivia an independent republic on 6 August and named the new republic in honor of Bolívar because it considered him its founder.
19th century.
During the presidency of Marshal Andrés de Santa Cruz, Bolivia enjoyed the most successful period of her history with great social and economic advancement. Santa Cruz got involved in internal Peruvian political problems and succeeded in unifying Peru and Bolivia into a confederation, the Peru–Bolivian Confederation. As Santa Cruz openly declared the Inca Empire as a predecessor of his state, this move was perceived as a threat to regional power balance and a menace to countries on former Inca territory. The War of the Confederation broke out and different wars against almost all its neighbors were fought during this period with sound victories against its enemies. Arguably, the turning point took place on the fields of Paucarpata, where the Confederacion Peru-Boliviana, led by Santa Cruz, forced the Chilean and Peruvian rebel armies to sign the peace treaty known as the "Paucarpata Treaty," which included their unconditional surrender; later this treaty was discarded by the Chilean parliament. The rebel Peruvians and the Chilean army set off to a new war against Santa Cruz, defeating the Confederation on the fields of Yungay. This was the turning point in Bolivian history; after this moment, coups and short-lived constitutions dominated Bolivian politics for nearly 60 years.
Going through a vicious economic and political crisis, Bolivia's military weakness was demonstrated during the War of the Pacific (1879–83), when it lost its seacoast and the adjoining nitrate rich fields to Chile. An increase in the world price of silver brought Bolivia a measure of relative prosperity and political stability in the late 1800s.
During the early part of the 20th century, about 1907, tin replaced silver as the country's most important source of wealth. A succession of governments applied laissez-faire policies through the first third of the century.
20th century.
Early 20th century.
Living conditions of the indigenous peoples, who constitute more than half of the population, remained deplorable. Forced to work under primitive conditions in the mines and in nearly feudal status on gigantic estates with vast land with many holdings, they were denied access to education, economic opportunity, or political participation. Bolivia's defeat by Paraguay in the Chaco War (1932–1936) marked a turning point. Great loss of life and territory discredited the traditional ruling classes, while service in the army produced stirrings of political awareness among the indigenous people. A large portion of Gran Chaco was surrendered to Paraguay. In return, Bolivia was given an access to the Paraguay River where, later, Puerto Busch was founded and, with this, free access to the Atlantic Ocean over international water. In 1936 the Standard Oil was nationalized and the state-owned firm "Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales Bolivianos" (YPFB) was created. From the end of the Chaco War until the 1952 revolution, the emergence of contending ideologies and the demands of new groups convulsed Bolivian politics.
Bolivian National Revolution.
Standing alongside the Bolivian National Revolution is one of the most significant sociopolitical events to occur in Latin America during the 20th century. The Revolutionary Nationalist Movement (MNR) emerged from the ashes of the Chaco War in 1941 as a middle-class political coalition eschewing Marxism for a vague nationalist ideology better suited to Bolivia's social reality. The MNR participated in the military-civilian regime of Gualberto Villarroel (1943–46), but was deposed of in 1946 by the mining oligarchy and the Partido Izquierda Revolucionario (PIR). Its members fled into exile and spent the next six years organizing themselves. The party initiated a brief but bloody civil war on October 1949, but was defeated and, once again, exiled. The MNR emerged victorious in the 1951 elections, but the results were called fraudulent by the opposition, and its right to the presidency was denied. On 9 April 1952, the MNR led a successful revolt and set into motion the Bolivian National Revolution. Under President Víctor Paz Estenssoro and later, Hernan Siles, the MNR introduced universal adult suffrage, carried out a sweeping land reform, promoted rural education, and, in 1952, nationalized the country's largest tin mines. What is especially significant about the Revolution is that, for the first time in Republican history, the State attempted to incorporate into national life the Aymara and Quechua peasants that together constituted no less than 65 percent of the total population. Although the policies pursued by the MNR were largely corporatist and assimilationist, it marked a significant turning point in Bolivia's contested history of indigenous-state relations.
Military rule.
Twelve more tumultuous years of national reform left the country bitterly divided and in 1964, a military junta overthrew President Paz Estenssoro at the outset of his third term; an event that many assert brought an end to the National Revolution and marked the beginning of nearly 20 years of military rule in Bolivia. Many scholars have looked to the CIA in explaining the November 1964 coup, but an increasing number of declassified U.S. documents refute the claim. Towards the end of Paz's second term, Barrientos — a popular, Quechua-speaking General — had succeeded in co-opting the peasant unions formed in the wake of the 1953 agrarian reform, establishing the Pacto Militar-Campesino (PMC). Throughout the 1960s Barriento leveled the peasant unions against labor unrest in the mines. The 1969 death of President René Barrientos, a former member of the junta elected President in 1966, led to a succession of weak governments. A coup was led by the military, only to see a countercoup led by leftist Juan José Torres. Alarmed by public disorder, the military, the MNR, and others installed Col. (later General) Hugo Banzer Suárez as President in 1971. Banzer ruled with MNR support from 1971 to 1974. Then, impatient with schisms in the coalition, he replaced civilians with members of the armed forces and suspended political activities. The economy grew impressively during Banzer's presidency, but demands for greater political freedom undercut his support. His call for elections in 1978 plunged Bolivia into turmoil once again.
Elections in 1978, 1979, and 1980 were inconclusive and marked by fraud. There were coups, counter-coups, and caretaker governments. In 1980, Gen. Luis García Meza carried out a ruthless and violent coup. His government was notorious for human rights abuses, narcotics trafficking, and economic mismanagement. This led to a breakdown in relations with the U.S., which under both the Carter and Ronald Reagan administrations refused to recognize García's government due to its drug ties. [http://www.country-studies.com/bolivia/the-united-states.html] Later convicted in absentia for crimes, including murder, García Meza was extradited from Brazil and began serving a 30-year sentence in 1995. Garcia Meza recently published an unapologetic autobiography entitled simply, "Yo Dictador".
Transition to democracy.
After a military rebellion forced out García Meza in 1981, three other military governments within 14 months struggled with Bolivia's growing problems. Unrest forced the military to convoke the Congress elected in 1980 and allowed it to choose a new chief executive.
1982 to present.
In October 1982 –22 years after the end of his first term of office (1956–60)- Hernán Siles Zuazo again became President. Severe social tension, exacerbated by economic mismanagement and weak leadership, forced him to call early elections and relinquish power a year before the end of his constitutional term.
In the 1985 elections, the Nationalist Democratic Action Party (ADN) of Gen. Banzer won a plurality of the popular vote, followed by former President Paz Estenssoro's MNR and former Vice President Jaime Paz Zamora's Revolutionary Left Movement (MIR). But in the congressional run-off, the MIR sided with MNR, and Paz Estenssoro was chosen for a fourth term as President. When he took office in 1985, he faced a staggering economic crisis. Economic output and exports had been declining for several years.
Hyperinflation had reached an annual rate of 24,000%. Social unrest, chronic strikes, and unchecked drug trafficking were widespread. In 4 years, Paz Estenssoro's administration achieved economic and social stability. The military stayed out of politics, and all major political parties publicly and institutionally committed themselves to democracy. Human rights violations, which badly tainted some governments earlier in the decade, were no longer a problem. However, his remarkable accomplishments were not won without sacrifice. The collapse of tin prices in October 1985, coming just as the government was moving to reassert its control of the mismanaged state mining enterprise, forced the government to lay off over 20,000 miners.
Although the MNR list headed by Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada finished first in the 1989 elections, no candidate received a majority of popular votes and so in accordance with the constitution, a congressional vote determined who would be president. The Patriotic Accord (AP) coalition between Gen. Banzer's ADN and Jaime Paz Zamora's MIR, the second- and third-place finishers, respectively, won out. Paz Zamora assumed the presidency, and the MIR took half the ministries. Banzer's center-right ADN took control of the National Political Council (CONAP) and the other ministries.
Paz Zamora was a moderate, center-left President whose political pragmatism in office outweighed his Marxist origins. Having seen the destructive hyperinflation of the Siles Zuazo administration, he continued the neoliberal economic reforms begun by Paz Estenssoro, codifying some of them. Paz Zamora took a fairly hard line against domestic terrorism, personally ordering the December 1990 attack on terrorists of the Néstor Paz Zamora Committee.
Paz Zamora's regime was less decisive against narcotics trafficking. The government broke up a number of trafficking networks but issued a 1991 surrender decree giving lenient sentences to the biggest narcotics kingpins. Also, his administration was extremely reluctant to pursue coca eradication. It did not agree to an updated extradition treaty with the US, although two traffickers have been extradited to the U.S. since 1992. Beginning in early 1994, the Bolivian Congress investigated Paz Zamora's personal ties to accused major trafficker Isaac Chavarria, who subsequently died in prison while awaiting trial. MIR deputy chief Oscar Eid was jailed in connection with similar ties in 1994; he was found guilty and sentenced to 4 years in prison in November 1996. Technically still under investigation, Paz Zamora became an active presidential candidate in 1996.
The 1993 elections continued the tradition of open, honest elections and peaceful democratic transitions of power. The MNR defeated the ADN/MIR coalition by a 36% to 20% margin, and the MNR's Sánchez de Lozada was selected as president by an MNR/MBL/UCS coalition in the Congress.
Sánchez de Lozada pursued an aggressive economic and social reform agenda. The most dramatic change undertaken by the Sanchez de Lozada government was the capitalization program, under which investors acquired 50% ownership and management control of public enterprises, such as the "Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales Bolivianos" (YPFB) oil-corporation, telecommunications system, electric utilities, and others. The reforms and economic restructuring were strongly opposed by certain segments of society, which instigated frequent social disturbances, particularly in La Paz and the Chapare coca-growing region, from 1994 through 1996.
In the 1997 elections, Gen. Hugo Banzer, leader of the ADN, won 22% of the vote, while the MNR candidate won 18%. Gen. Banzer formed a coalition of the ADN, MIR, UCS, and CONDEPA parties which hold a majority of seats in the Bolivian Congress. The Congress elected him as president and he was inaugurated on 6 August 1997.
2000 Cochabamba protests.
Between January and April 2000, a series of anti-privatization protests took place in Cochabamba against the privatization of the municipal water supply that was being pushed through on the recommendation of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. The Bolivian government declared martial law, killing several people, arresting protest leaders and shutting down radio stations. After continued disturbances and civic pressure, the government finally rolled back the privatization on 10 April 2000.
In 2001, Bechtel filed suit against the Bolivian government, citing damages of more for $25 million. Bechtel argues that its contract was only to administer the water system, which suffered from terrible internal corruption and poor service, and that the local government raised water prices. The continuing legal battle attracted attention from anti-globalization and anti-capitalist groups. This topic is explored in the 2003 documentary film "The Corporation" and on Bechtel's website. In January 2006, Bechtel and the other international partners settled the lawsuit against the Bolivian government for a reported $0.30 (thirty cents) after intense protests and a ruling on jurisdiction favorable to Bechtel by the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes.
2002 presidential election.
President Hugo Banzer resigned in August 2001, due to being diagnosed with lung cancer. He was succeeded by his vice-president, Jorge Quiroga. In the 2002 presidential elections, Sánchez de Lozada ran again, and narrowly beat NFR's Manfred Reyes Villa and the "cocalero" and indigenous leader Evo Morales of the Movement Toward Socialism (MAS) party, in an election claimed to have been tainted by clear signs of electoral fraud .
Several days before Bolivians went to the voting booths, the U.S. ambassador, Manuel Rocha, warned the Bolivian electorate that, if they voted for Morales, the US would cut off foreign aid and close its markets to the country. Morales nonetheless received nearly 21% of the vote, putting him only a couple points behind Sánchez de Lozada.
Black October.
In recent years, an increasingly divisive conflict has been the Bolivian Gas War; a dispute over the exploitation of Bolivia's large natural gas reserves in the south of the country.
Strikes and blockades first erupted in September 2003, with several deaths and dozens of injuries in confrontations with the armed forces. President Sánchez de Lozada resigned under pressure from protesters, formally handing over the presidency to his vice-president, Carlos Mesa, in order to preserve the Constitutional order. He fled the country to the United States. Mesa was inaugurated and promised to address the demands of the protesting majority. In the face of mounting protests, he resigned on 7 March 2005, claiming he was unable to continue governing the country. With promises of support, he withdrew his resignation.
In May–June 2005, Mesa again tendered his resignation and in a hastily convened session of the Parliament in Sucre, Mr.Eduardo Rodríguez Veltzé - the President of the Supreme Court - became President on the night of 9 June 2005. Political agreements were reached to modify the Constitution, and allow the full renewal of Parliament, simultaneously with a Presidential Election, on 4 December 2005.
The 2005 election and the Evo Morales administration.
The deterioration of the political system contributed towards the rise of a loose confederation of indigenous social movements, the MAS and others parties, with the head of the MAS, Evo Morales, a former "cocalero", as leader. In the elections of December 2005 Evo Morales and MAS obtained a comfortable victory reaching 54% of the electorate's votes, becoming the first Native Bolivian president in history.
On 1 May 2006, Evo Morales delivered on his promises to nationalize most of Bolivia's natural gas fields, which many indigenous Bolivians had demanded for years. Troops were sent in to occupy the gas fields and take back control from foreign companies that same day. Many were operated by Petrobras, Brazil's largest energy company, and this political development was expected to strain relations between Morales and Brazilian president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. On 29 October 2006, the Morales government signed agreements with eight foreign gas firms including Petrobras, to give the Bolivian national gas company a majority stake in the gas fields, bringing the nationalization to completion.
In late August 2007, the MAS purged the Constitutional Tribunal of magistrates that voted earlier in the year against Morales' move to fill Supreme Court vacancies while Congress was in recess. The purge dismantled the outlet for arbitration between branches of government.
On 4 May 2008, autonomy referendums were held in four eastern departments, in which they declared themselves autonomous from the central government. All four referendums passed. Evo Morales deemed this referendum illegal. Turnout was as low as 70%.
In February 2009 a new constitution was enacted by Evo Morales. This gave Bolivians of indigenous descent more economic and political rights.
On December 2012, the Government of Bolivia will move the government from Western-style capitalism to a system of communitarianism.
References.
"Much of the material in this article comes from the CIA World Factbook 2000 and the 2003 U.S. Department of State website."

</doc>
<doc id="19283949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283949" title="Jenna Heap">
Jenna Heap

Jenna Heap is a leading character in the "Septimus Heap" book series by Angie Sage. She is the adoptive sister to Septimus and the adoptive daughter of Silas Heap and Sarah Heap. Jenna has many friends in the book, yet also a lot of enemies. Although she acknowledges they are not her real family Jenna loves her adoptive family very much - this includes her seven brothers, her Grandpa Benji, her Mum and Dad and her Aunt Zelda.
Description.
Jenna is the young princess (or Queenling as some of her enemies have called her), with deep violet eyes and fair complexion. She is small for her age and wears a red tunic which is wound at the waist by a golden sash. Her dark hair is kept in place by a thin golden circlet, which denotes that she is the Princess. Her appearance resembles that of all the Queens before her and she looks just like her birth mother although at heart she is still a scruffy Heap and she wears a pair of boots on her somewhat dusty feet. Although very loving and caring at heart, she can sometimes be very stubborn as is observed by her older brothers. She becomes a witch in Darke.
In the Story.
How she came to be a Heap.
After Jenna was born, her mother, Queen Cerys was assassinated and Marcia Overstrand, the then ExtraOrdinary Wizard's young apprentice, took the baby to safety (after watching the ExtraOrdinary Wizard and the Queen's murder). To protect the young princess, in case the assassin was to return, Marcia thought to give her to Silas Heap, an Ordinary Wizard. Silas' seventh son Septimus was born in the same day but he "died". Hence Silas and his wife Sarah Heap adopted the princess and raised her.
After she is discovered.
In the first book "Magyk" on her 10th birthday Jenna comes to know from Marcia that she is actually the princess and that she has been discovered. Marcia escaped with Jenna to the Marram Marshes and they are accompanied by Silas, his son Nicko and a Young Army Guard called Boy 412. There at Marram Marshes in Aunt Zelda's place Jenna, becomes friends with Boy 412 and learns first magic from Marcia. Jenna rescues a message rat called Stanley. She along with Boy 412 and Nicko discover a hidden Dragon-Boat which she comes to know is her legacy, and they save Marcia on it. At the end Jenna learns that Boy 412 is her long-lost adoptive brother Septimus Heap.
The second book "Flyte" opens with Jenna getting kidnapped by her estranged brother Simon, who takes her to his hideout in the Badlands. Jenna escapes from there and meets her brothers Septimus and Nicko at the Port but a dark stranger tails her. Jenna, along with the others is discovered by Simon's tracking ball Sleuth and they start fighting again with the help of the Dragon-Boat. Simon damages the Dragon-Boat, but gets captured. Jenna, who loved the Dragon-Boat becomes hysterical and goes to a secret room in the Palace called the Queen's room, which is only accessible by Queens or Princesses. She gets Aunt Zelda and perform the "Transubstantiate Triple" spell to revive the boat. In the end, the dark stranger is revealed to be her biological father Milo Banda.
In "Physik", the spirit of the evil Queen Etheldredda tricks her to send Septimus back in time to her son Marcellus Pye. Jenna becomes determined to get Septimus back. She is assisted by her brother Nicko and Snorri Snorrelssen, a Northern Trader girl. Together they go back in time to get back Septimus. In the past it is revealed that Jenna has an uncanny resemblance to Etheldredda's daughter, Princess Esmeralda. It is noticeable how Jenna starts accepting her position as Princess and is shedding off her refusal to accept her royalty.
As Septimus is tricked to go on a "Queste" Jenna and Beetle accompany him. They go to the legendary "House of Foryx" where Nicko and Snorri might be trapped. Jenna helps Septimus in their search and ultimately finds them. By this time Jenna is already quite a matured girl and pro-princess. Septimus' friend Beetle develops a crush on her.
In "Syren" Jenna is coming back from assisting Septimus on his Queste when they meet up with Jenna's Biological father Milo Banda. Nicko Heap and Snorri Snorrelessen stay on the "Cerys" but Jenna, Beetle, and Septimus fly home on Spit Fyre. Along the way they get stranded on an island with a mysterious girl. With help of Lucy Gringe, Wolf Boy, and Jakey Fry they stop Skipper Fry and Tertius Fume from taking over the castle with an army of jinn.
Character speciality.
Relationships.
Jenna is extremely close with her adoptive brothers Septimus and Nicko. Although she came to know who her real parents are, she still loves Silas and Sarah the same. When she met her real father Milo Banda at the end of "Flyte" she quarreled with him for not coming for her, but later both of them reconciled. Jenna loves the ghost of the ExtraOrdinary Wizard Alther Mella and is sometimes awed by Marcia. Although she first likes Snorri, she grows to blame her for Nicko getting trapped back in time, and they never really form a friendship afterwards due to the awkward feeling between them. Beetle is shown to have somewhat developed romantic feelings for her. She returns these feelings later on in the series.
Possessions.
Jenna Heap has a golden circlet that she wears around her head as a crown. Jenna had a pet rock called Petroc Trelawney in the first book who used to make her remember her life at the Castle. The rock wandered away from her during one of her MidSummer Day visits. She also used to have a silver bullet and the Hunter's pistol, both of which she had acquired during her first visit at the Keeper's Cottage, when the Hunter was after her. She has a "Quetzalcoatl" chocolate charm given to her by Septimus which helps in her escape from Simon. In the third book Princess Esmerelda's diary is probably one of the most important items as it tells Jenna the truth about Etheldredda and gives her a warning and enough time to escape. She also has Snorri's map to the House of Foryx restored from the Manuscriptorium. She now has a pet duck called Ethel whom she saved from an orange soup from Etheldredda's time. Jenna also has the True Crown that she got after Queen Etheldredda's ghost was destroyed.
Magical Power.
Jenna doesn't have many magical powers; she has no magical blood in her veins. She can do magic but it doesn't come very easily to her, and she will never have the trademark green eyes that characterize the wizards. However, it is implied that Queens have some form of magical power inherent in them, she also has a special connection with the Dragon-Boat which runs throughout the Queen's dynasty.
Family.
Jenna is the adoptive sister of:
Simon Heap, Sam Heap, Jo-Jo Heap, Erik Heap, Edd Heap, Nicko Heap and Septimus Heap. She is perhaps closest with Nicko and Septimus, after Simon joined forces with DomDaniel in an attempt to otherthrow Marcia and kill Jenna. Sam, Jo-Jo, Erik and Edd all took up a new home at 'Camp Heap' in the heart of the Forest and refused to leave. Although they still appear to love Jenna, none attempt to make contact with the outside world at all, not even when Jenna is kidnapped by Simon, and Septimus is taken through the Doors of Time.
Adoptive Parents: Silas and Sarah Heap. Parents: Milo Banda and Queen Cerys. Other mentioned relations: Aunt Zelda (adoptive), Grandpa Benji (adoptive), Queen Etheldredda, Marcellus Pye, Princess Esmerelda.
Reception.
The character received mostly mixed reviews from critics but positive reviews from fans. According to Sabina Qazi from "Dawn.com": Sage has given most of the other characters more attention than was warranted, blurring the line between the protagonists and the secondary characters, Jenna hardly emerge as a hero. Furthermore, the ease with which they, along with their aunt Zelda, dispatch their awe-inspiring enemy, Hunter, takes away a bit from their glory. Yet this very element, makes for light and humorous reading and renders the children more identifiable. She also said that Jenna is a well-rounded character and is identifiable in a real world scenario. Her character comes off like the new best friend somebody has in the neighbourhood.
Cat Maniego from "Manila Standard Today" described her as a dark-haired girl with strong resolve. But she expressed disappointment over the somewhat ambiguous characterization of Jenna. According to her: As the Princess or Queenling, she comes from a turbulent past and is thrust into the anonymous world of ordinary society without any inkling of her royal background. The reader is therefore left guessing whether or not she has it in her to rise to the tenets of her position as ruler of the Castle. Hopefully she becomes more fleshed out in the succeeding books.
From a review in "Childrensbooksreview", one reviewer said that with "Physik" the character of Jenna was more enjoyable and real than ever. 
According to "Bookguild" her character comes off as: a strong and courageous young lady, just as her adoptive brother Septimus is a strong and courageous young man. She has matured from the average little girl who wants to deny being a princess and just hide.
"Fantasy Literature" gave a positive review for her character and said that Jenna is a bright, good and compassionate protagonist. Together with Septimus, they make a good team and are friendly, likeable and intelligent characters in their own right. However, they pointed out that her character has similarities with Ginny Weasley from "Harry Potter" in that Jenna is also the youngest of seven siblings, all boys, including twins. One weakness in the plot discussed in their review was the lack of a significant relationship between Jenna and her biological father. He has a cameo role in the second book, but their relationship is not explored at all.

</doc>
<doc id="19283950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283950" title="North American Football Union">
North American Football Union

The North American Football Union, often referred to by the acronym NAFU, is a regional grouping under CONCACAF of national football (soccer) organizations in the "North American Zone". The NAFU has no organizational structure. The statutes say ""CONCACAF shall "recognize" ... The North American Football Union (NAFU)"" (emphasis added).
Members.
The "NAFU" consists of three of the four North American CONCACAF members:
The 4th member located in North America geographically, , currently is a Caribbean Football Union (CFU) member.
Competitions.
National teams.
The three teams are always qualified to the final stage of the CONCACAF Gold Cup, so there is no qualifying tournament for this zone, unlike the tournaments for the Central American Football Union (UNCAF) and the Caribbean Football Union (CFU). However, as members of CONCACAF there were two tournaments previous to the Gold Cup.
Clubs.
The North American SuperLiga was a club tournament between two "North American Zone" leagues that ran from 2007-2010. It was an official tournament sanctioned by CONCACAF, but not organized by the federation. When CONCACAF Champions Cup zone qualifiers were used for North American zone, Bermudian clubs played against Mexican and/or American clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="19283955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283955" title="History of Brazil">
History of Brazil

The history of Brazil starts with indigenous people in Brazil, and the discovery of the continent and its people by Europeans at the opening of the 16th century.
The first European to colonize Brazil was Pedro Álvares Cabral on April 22, 1500 under the sponsorship of Portugal. From the 16th to the early 19th centuries, Brazil was a colony of Portugal, with a brief period of Dutch rule in the early 17th century. The country expanded south along the coast and west along the Amazon and other inland rivers from the original 15 donatary captaincy colonies established on the northeast Atlantic coast east of the Torsedillas Line of 1494 (approximately the 46th meridian west) that divided the Portuguese domain to the east from the Spanish domain to the west. Most of the country's borders were set by the end of the colonial period early in e 19th century. 
On September 7, 1822, the country declared its independence from Portugal and became a constitutional monarchy, the Empire of Brazil. A military coup in 1889 established a republican government. The country has seen a dictatorship (1930–1934 and 1937–1945) and a period of military rule (1964–1985).
Precolonial history.
When Portuguese explorers arrived in Brazil, the region was inhabited by hundreds of different native tribes, "the earliest going back at least 10,000 years in the highlands of Minas Gerais". The dating of the origins of the first inhabitants, who were called "Indians" ("índios") by the Portuguese, are still a matter of dispute among archaeologists. The earliest pottery ever found in the Western Hemisphere, radiocarbon-dated 8,000 years old, has been excavated in the Amazon basin of Brazil, near to-day's Santarem, providing evidence to overturn the standard assumption that the tropical forest region was too poor in resources to have supported a complex prehistoric culture". Current most widely accepted view of anthropologists, linguists and geneticists is that the early tribes were part of the first wave of migrant hunters who came into the Americas from Asia, either by land, across the Bering Strait, or by coastal sea routes along the Pacific, or both.
The Andes and the mountain ranges of northern South America created a rather sharp cultural boundary between the settled agrarian civilizations of the west coast and the semi-nomadic tribes of the east, who never developed written records or permanent monumental architecture. For this reason, very little is known about the history of Brazil before 1500. Archaeological remains (mainly pottery) indicate a complex pattern of regional cultural developments, internal migrations, and occasional large state-like federations.
At the time of European discovery, the territory of current day Brazil had as many as 2,000 tribes. The indigenous peoples were traditionally mostly semi-nomadic tribes who subsisted on hunting, fishing, gathering, and migrant agriculture. When the Portuguese arrived in 1500, the Natives were living mainly on the coast and along the banks of major rivers. Initially, the Europeans saw the natives as noble savages, and miscegenation of the population began right away.
Tribal warfare, cannibalism and the pursuit of brazilwood for its treasured red dye convinced the Portuguese that they should Christianize the natives. But the Portuguese, like the Spanish in their South American possessions, had unknowingly brought diseases with them, against which many Natives were helpless due to lack of immunity. Measles, smallpox, tuberculosis, gonorrhea, and influenza killed tens of thousands. The diseases spread quickly along the indigenous trade routes, and whole tribes were likely annihilated without ever coming in direct contact with Europeans.
Beginnings of Brazil.
There are several theories regarding who first set foot on the land now called Brazil. Besides the widely accepted view of Cabral's discovery, some defend that it was Duarte Pacheco Pereira between November and December of 1498 and some others say that it was first discovered by Vicente Yáñez Pinzón, a Spanish navigator who had accompanied Colombus in his first trip to the American continent having supposedly arrived in today's Pernambuco region on 26 January 1500. In April 1500, however, Brazil was claimed by Portugal on the arrival of the Portuguese fleet commanded by Pedro Álvares Cabral. The Portuguese encountered stone-using natives divided into several tribes, many of whom shared the same Tupi–Guarani language family, and fought among themselves. After its European discovery, the land's major export was a tree the traders and colonists called "pau-Brasil" (Latin for wood red like an ember) or brazilwood from whence the country got its name, a large tree ("Caesalpinia echinata") whose trunk yields a prized red dye, and which was nearly wiped out as a result of overexploitation.
Until 1529 Portugal had very little interest in Brazil mainly due to the high profits gained through commerce with India, China, and Indonesia. This lack of interest allowed traders, pirates, and privateers of several countries to poach profitable Brazilwood in lands claimed by Portugal, so the Portuguese Crown devised a system to effectively occupy Brazil, without paying the costs. Through the hereditary Captaincies system, Brazil was divided into strips of land that were donated to Portuguese noblemen, who were in turn responsible for the occupation and administration of the land and answered to the king. The system was a failure - only four lots were successfully occupied (Pernambuco, São Vicente later called São Paulo), Ilheus and Porto Seguro. The captaincies gradually reverted to the Crown and became provinces and eventually states of the country.
Starting in the 16th century, sugarcane grown on plantations called "engenhos" along the northeast coast (Brazil's "Nordeste") became the base of Brazilian economy and society, with the use of slaves on large plantations to make sugar for export to Europe. At first, settlers tried to enslave the natives as labor to work the fields. The initial exploration of Brazil's interior was largely due to para-military adventurers, the "bandeirantes", who entered the jungle in search of gold and Native slaves. However the Natives were found to be unsuitable as slaves, and so the Portuguese land owners turned to Africa, whence they imported millions of slaves. Mortality rates for slaves in sugar and gold enterprises were dramatic, and there were often not enough females or proper conditions to replenish the slave population indigenously.
During the first 150 years of the colonial period, attracted by the vast natural resources and untapped land, other European powers tried to establish colonies in several parts of Brazilian territory, in defiance of the papal bull ( Inter caetera ) and the Treaty of Tordesillas, which had divided the New World into two parts between Portugal and Spain. French colonists tried to settle in present-day Rio de Janeiro, from 1555 to 1567 (the so-called France Antarctique episode), and in present-day São Luís, from 1612 to 1614 (the so-called France Équinoxiale). Jesuits arrived early and established Sao Paulo, evangelising the natives. These native allies of the Jesuits assisted the Portuguese in driving out the French. The unsuccessful Dutch intrusion into Brazil was longer lasting and more troublesome to Portugal ( Dutch Brazil ). Dutch privateers began by plundering the coast: they sacked Bahia in 1604, and even temporarily captured the capital Salvador. From 1630 to 1654, the Dutch set up more permanently in the "Nordeste" and controlled a long stretch of the coast most accessible to Europe, without, however, penetrating the interior. But the colonists of the Dutch West India Company in Brazil were in a constant state of siege, in spite of the presence in Recife of the great John Maurice of Nassau as governor. After several years of open warfare, the Dutch withdrew by 1654. Little French and Dutch cultural and ethnic influences remained of these failed attempts.
The Kingdom and Empire of Brazil.
Brazil was one of only three modern states in the Americas to have its own indigenous monarchy (the other two were Mexico and Haiti) – for a period of almost 90 years.
In 1808, the Portuguese court, fleeing from Napoleon's invasion of Portugal during the Peninsular War in a large fleet escorted by British men-of-war, moved the government apparatus to its then-colony, Brazil, establishing themselves in the city of Rio de Janeiro. From there the Portuguese king ruled his huge empire for 15 years, and there he would have remained for the rest of his life if it were not for the turmoil aroused in Portugal due, among other reasons, to his long stay in Brazil after the end of Napoleon's reign.
In 1815 the king vested Brazil with the dignity of a united kingdom with Portugal and Algarves. When king João VI of Portugal left Brazil to return to Portugal in 1821, his elder son, Pedro, stayed in his stead as regent of Brazil. One year later, Pedro stated the reasons for the secession of Brazil from Portugal and led the Independence War, instituted a constitutional monarchy in Brazil assuming its head as Emperor Pedro I of Brazil.
Also known as "Dom Pedro I", after his abdication in 1831 for political incompatibilities (displeased, both by the landed elites, who thought him too liberal and by the intellectuals, who felt he was not liberal enough), he left for Portugal leaving behind his five-year-old son as Emperor Pedro II, which left the country ruled by regents between 1831 and 1840. This period was beset by rebellions of various motivations, such as the Sabinada, the Ragamuffin War, the Malê Revolt, Cabanagem and Balaiada, among others. After this period, Pedro II was declared of age and assumed his full prerogatives. Pedro II started a more-or-less parliamentary reign which lasted until 1889, when he was ousted by a "coup d'état" which instituted the republic in Brazil.
Externally, apart from the Independence war, stood out decades of pressure from the United Kingdom for the country to end its participation in the Atlantic slave trade, and the wars fought in the region of La Plata river: the Cisplatine War (in 2nd half of 1820s), the Platine War (in 1850s), the Uruguayan War and the Paraguayan War (in the 1860s). This last war against Paraguay also was the bloodiest and most expensive in South American history, after which the country entered a period that continues to the present day, averse to external political and military interventions.
Republic of Brazil.
The Old Republic (1889–1930).
Pedro II was deposed on November 15, 1889, by a Republican military coup led by General Deodoro da Fonseca, who became the country's first "de facto" president through military ascension. The country's name became the "Republic of the United States of Brazil" (which in 1967 was changed to "Federative Republic of Brazil."). Two military presidents ruled through four years of dictatorship amid conflicts, among the military and political elites (two Naval revolts, followed by an Federalist revolt), and an economic crisis due the effects of the burst of a financial bubble, the encilhamento.
From 1889 to 1930, although the country was formally a constitutional democracy, the First Republican Constitution, created in 1891, established that women and the illiterate (then the majority of the population) were prevented from voting. The presidentialism was adopted as the form of government and the State was divided into three powers (Legislative, Executive and Judiciary) "harmonics and independents of each other". The presidencial term was fixed at four years, and the elections became direct.
After 1894, the presidence of republic was occupied by coffee farmers (oligarchies) from São Paulo and Minas Gerais, alternately. This policy was called "política do café com leite" (coffee and milk policy). The elections for president and governors was ruled by the "Política dos Governadores" (Governor's policy), in which they had mutual support to ensure the elections of some candidates. The exchanges of favors also happened among politicians and big landowners. They used the power to control the votes of population in return for favors (this was called "coronelismo").
Between 1893 and 1926 several movements, civilians and military, shook the country. The military movements had their origins both in the lower officers' corps of the Army and Navy (which, dissatisfied with the regime, called for democratic changes) while the civilian ones, such Canudos and Contestado War, were usually led by messianic leaders, without conventional political goals.
Internationally, the country would stick to a course of conduct that extended throughout the twentieth century: an almost isolationist policy, interspersed with sporadic automatic alignments with major western powers, its main economic partners, in moments of high turbulence. Standing out of this period: the resolution of the Acreanian's Question, its tiny role in the World War I, of which highlights the mission accomplished by its Navy on anti-submarine warfare, and an effort to play a leading role in the League of Nations.
Populism and development (1930–1964).
After 1930, the successive governments continued industrial and agriculture growth and development of the vast interior of Brazil.
Getúlio Vargas led a military junta that had taken control in 1930 and would remain ruling from 1930 to 1945 with the backing of Brazilian military, especially the Army. In this period, he faced internally the Constitutionalist Revolt in 1932 and two separate coup d'état attempts: by Communists in 1935 and by local Fascists in 1938.
A democratic regime prevailed from 1945–64. In the 1950s after Vargas' second period (this time, democratically elected), the country experienced an economic boom during Juscelino Kubitschek's years, during which the capital was moved from Rio de Janeiro to Brasília.
Externally, after a relative isolation during the first half of the 1930s due to the effects of the 1929 Crisis, in the second half of the 1930s there was a rapprochement with the fascist regimes of Italy and Germany. However, after the fascist coup attempt in 1938 and the naval blockade imposed on these two countries by the British navy from the beginning of World War II, in the decade of 1940 there was a return to the old foreign policy of the previous period.
During the early 1940s, Brazil joined the allied forces in the Battle of Atlantic and the Italian Campaign; in the 1950s the country began its participation in the United Nations' peacekeeping missions with Suez Canal in 1956 and in the beginning of the 1960s, during the presidency of Janio Quadros, its first attempts to break the automatic alignment (that had started in the 1940s) with the U.S.A.
The institutional crisis of succession for the presidency, triggered with the Quadros' resignation, coupled with other factors, would lead to the military coup of 1964 and to the end of this period.
Military dictatorship (1964–85).
New Professionalism and the Escola Superior de Guerra.
By the late 1950s and early 1960s, the success of revolutionary warfare techniques against conventional armies in China, Indochina, Algeria, and Cuba led the conventional armies in the developed and underdeveloped worlds to concentrate on finding military and political strategies to fight domestic revolutionary warfare. This led to an adoption of what Stepan called, in 1973, “New Professionalism.” The New Professionalism was formulated and propagated in Brazil through the Escola Superior de Guerra, which had been established in 1949. By 1963 New Professionalism had come to dominate the school, when it declared its primary mission to be preparing “civilians and the military to perform executive and advisory functions (Decreto Lei No. 53,080 December 4, 1963).” This new attitude towards professionalism did not arise out of nowhere. Though its domination of the ESG was completed by 1963, it had begun to penetrate the college much earlier than that — assisted by the United States and its policy of encouraging Latin American militaries to assume as their primary role in counter-guerrilla and counter-insurgency warfare programs, civic action and nation-building tasks.
By 1964, at the same time that the military elite were unsatisfied with the natural delay, transfers and accommodation, characteristics of the negotiation processes in democratic regimes and was also eager to impose their development project, saw a leftist revolution as a real possibility (through the paradigm of internal warfare doctrines of the new professionalism). Events like the rising strike levels, the inflation rate, embraced demands by the Left for broaden political process, land reform and the growing claims of the enlisted men were seen as "evidence" that Brazil was facing the serious possibility of a leftist internal insurgency.
Military response.
By early 1964 important sections of the military had developed a consensus that intervention in the political process was necessary. The development of this consensus was likely helped by important civilian politicians, such as José de Magalhães Pinto, governor of Minas Gerais, and the United States government. Though many in the right of the political spectrum claim the coup was "revolutionary," most historians agree that is not so, since there was no real transition of power; military dictatorship was the fastest way to implement neoliberal economic policies in the country while suppressing growing popular discontent, and the coup was thus a way for Brazil's already-ruling elite to secure its power.
At first, there was intense economic growth, due to neoliberal economic reforms, but in the later years of the dictatorship, the reforms had left the economy in shambles, with soaring inequality and national debt, and thousands of Brazilians were deported, imprisoned, tortured, or murdered. Politically motivated deaths numbered in the hundreds, mostly related to the guerrilla-antiguerrilla warfare in the 1968–73 period; official censorship also led many artists into exile.
Redemocratization to present (1985–Present).
Tancredo Neves was elected president in an indirect election in 1985 as the nation returned to civilian rule. He died before being sworn in, and the elected vice president, José Sarney, was sworn in as president in his place.
Fernando Collor de Mello was the first elected president by popular vote after the military regime in December 1989 defeating Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva in a two round presidential race and 35 million votes. Collor won in the state of São Paulo against many prominent political figures. The first democratically elected President of Brazil in 29 years, Collor spent much of the early years of his government battling hyper-inflation, which at times reached rates of 25% per month.
Collor's neoliberal program was also followed by his successor Fernando Henrique Cardoso who maintained free trade and privatization programs. Collor's administration began the process of privatization of a number of government-owned enterprises such as "Acesita", "Embraer", "Telebrás" and "Companhia Vale do Rio Doce". With the exception of Acesita, the privatizations were all completed during the term of Fernando Henrique Cardoso.
Following Collor's impeachment, acting president, Itamar Franco, was sworn in as president. In elections held on October 3, 1994, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, his finance minister, defeated left-wing Lula da Silva again. He was elected president due to the success of the so-called "Plano Real". Reelected in 1998, he guided Brazil through a wave of financial crises. In 2000, Cardoso ordered the declassifying of some military files concerning Operation Condor, a network of South American military dictatorships that kidnapped and assassinated political opponents.
Brazil's most severe problem today is arguably its highly unequal distribution of wealth and income, one of the most extreme in the world. By the 1990s, more than one out of four Brazilians continued to survive on less than one dollar a day. These socio-economic contradictions helped elect Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva of the Partido dos Trabalhadores (PT) in 2002.
In the few months before the election, investors were scared by Lula's campaign platform for social change, and his past identification with labor unions and leftist ideology. As his victory became more certain, the Real devalued and Brazil's investment risk rating plummeted (the causes of these events are disputed, since Cardoso left a very small foreign reserve). After taking office, however, Lula maintained Cardoso's economic policies, warning that social reforms would take years and that Brazil had no alternative but to extend fiscal austerity policies. The Real and the nation's risk rating soon recovered.
Lula, however, has given a substantial increase to the minimum wage (raising from R$200 to R$350 in four years). Lula also spearheaded legislation to drastically cut retirement benefits for public servants. His primary significant social initiative, on the other hand, was the "Fome Zero" (Zero Hunger) program, designed to give each Brazilian three meals a day.
In 2005 Lula's government suffered a serious blow with several accusations of corruption and misuse of authority against his cabinet, forcing some of its members to resign. Most political analysts at the time were certain that Lula's political career was doomed, but he managed to hold onto power, partly by highlighting the achievements of his term (e.g., reduction in poverty, unemployment and dependence on external resources, such as oil), and to distance himself from the scandal. Lula was re-elected President in the general elections of October 2006.
Having served two terms as president, Lula was forbidden by the Brazilian Constitution from standing again. In the 2010 presidential election, the PT candidate was Dilma Rousseff. Rousseff won and assumed office on January 1, 2011.
Religious change.
Until recently Catholicism was overwhelmingly dominant. Rapid change in the 21st century has led to a growth in secularism (no religious affiliation). Just as dramatic is the sudden rise of evangelical Protestantism to over 22% of the population. The 2010 census indicates that fewer than 65% of Brazilians consider themselves Catholic, down from 90% in 1970. The decline is associated with falling birth rates to one of Latin America’s lowest at 1.83 children per woman, which is below replacement levels. It has led Cardinal Cláudio Hummes to comment, "We wonder with anxiety: how long will Brazil remain a Catholic country?"
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="19283960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283960" title="History of Argentina">
History of Argentina

The history of Argentina is divided by historians into four main parts: the pre-Columbian time or early history (up to the sixteenth century), the colonial period (1530–1810), the period of the nation-building (1810 to 1880), and the history of modern Argentina (from around 1880).
The beginning of prehistory in the present territory of Argentina with the first human settlements on the southern tip of Patagonia around 13,000 years ago. Written history began with the arrival of Spanish chroniclers in the expedition of Juan Díaz de Solís in 1516 to the Río de la Plata, which marks the beginning of Spanish domination in this region.
In 1776 the Spanish Crown established the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, an umbrella of territories from which, with the Revolution of May 1810, began a process of gradual formation of several independent states, including one called the United Provinces of Río de la Plata. With the declaration of independence on July 9, 1816 and the military defeat of the Spanish Empire in 1824, a federal state was formed in 1853-1861, known today as the Republic of Argentina.
Pre-Columbian era.
The area now known as Argentina was relatively sparsely populated until the period of European colonization. The earliest traces of human life are dated from the Paleolithic period, and there are further traces in the Mesolithic and Neolithic. However, large areas of the interior and piedmont were apparently depopulated during an extensive dry period between 4000 and 2000 B.C.
The Uruguayan archaeologist Raúl Campá Soler divided the indigenous peoples in Argentina into three main groups: basic hunters and food gatherers, without development of pottery, advanced gatherers and hunters, and basic farmers with pottery. The second group could be found in the Pampa and south of Patagonia, and the third one included the Charrúas and Minuane people and the Guaraníes.
Some of the different groups included the Onas at Tierra del Fuego, the Yámana at the archipelago between the Beagle Channel and Cape Horn, Tehuelches in the Patagonia, many peoples at the litoral, guaycurúes and wichis at Chaco. The Guaraníes had expanded across large areas of South America, but settled at the northeastern provinces of Argentina. The Toba (Komlek) nation and the Diaguita which included the Calchaqui and the Quilmes lived in the North and the Comechingones in what is today the province of Cordoba. The Charrua (which included the Minuane people), yaros, Bohanes and Chanás (and Chaná-Timbú) were located in the actual territory of Entre Ríos and the Querandí in Buenos Aires.
Spanish colonial era.
Europeans first arrived in the region with the 1502 voyage of Amerigo Vespucci. The Spanish navigator Juan Díaz de Solís visited the territory which is now Argentina in 1516. In 1536 Pedro de Mendoza established a small settlement at the modern location of Buenos Aires, which was abandoned in 1541.
A second one was established 1580 by Juan de Garay, and Córdoba in 1573 by Jerónimo Luis de Cabrera. Those regions were part of the Viceroyalty of Peru, whose capital was Lima, and settlers arrived from that city. Unlike the other regions of South America, the colonization of the Río de la Plata estuary was not influenced by any gold rush, since it lacked any precious metals to mine.
The natural ports on the Río de la Plata estuary could not be used because all ships were meant to be made through the port of Callao near Lima, a condition that led to contraband becoming the normal means of commerce in cities such as Asunción, Buenos Aires, and Montevideo.
The Spanish raised the status of this region by establishing the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata in 1776. This viceroyalty consisted of today's Argentina, Uruguay, and Paraguay, as well as much of present-day Bolivia. Buenos Aires, now holding the customs of the new political subdivision, became a flourishing port, as the revenues from the Potosí, the increasing maritime activity in terms of goods rather than precious metals, the production of cattle for the export of leather and other products, and other political reasons, made it gradually become one of the most important commercial centers of the region.
The viceroyalty was, however, short-lived due to lack of internal cohesion among the many regions of which it was constituted and lack of Spanish support. Ships from Spain became scarce again after the Spanish defeat at the battle of Trafalgar, that gave the British maritime supremacy. The British tried to invade Buenos Aires and Montevideo in 1806 and 1807, but were defeated both times by Santiago de Liniers. Those victories, achieved without help from mainland Spain, boosted the confidence of the city.
The beginning of the Peninsular War in Spain and the capture of the Spanish king Ferdinand VII created great concern all around the viceroyalty. It was considered that, without a King, people in America should rule themselves. This idea led to multiple attempts to remove the local authorities at Chuquisaca, La Paz, Montevideo and Buenos Aires, all of which were short-lived. A new successful attempt, the May Revolution of 1810, took place when it was reported that all of Spain had been conquered, with the only exception of Cádiz and León.
War of independence.
The May Revolution ousted the vicero, other variants like a constitutional monarchy or a Regency were briefly considered. 
The viceroyalty was also renamed, and it nominally became the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata. However, the status of the different territories that had belonged to the viceroyalty changed many times during the development of the war, as some regions would remain loyal to their previous governors and others were captured or recaptured; later these were to divide into several countries.
The first military campaigns against the royalists were waged by Manuel Belgrano and Juan José Castelli. The Junta, after expanding itself into the Junta Grande, was replaced by the First Triumvirate. A Second Triumvirate would replace it years later, calling for the Assembly of year XIII that was meant to declare independence and write a constitution. However, it did not do either thing, and replaced the triumvirates with an unipersonal head of state office, the Supreme Director.
By this time José de San Martín arrived in Buenos Aires with other generals of the Peninsular War. They gave new strength to the Revolutionary war, which was compromised by the defeats of Belgrano and Castelli and the royalist resistance at the Banda Oriental. Alvear took Montevideo, and San Martín started a military campaign that would span across an important part of the Spanish territories in America. He created the Army of the Andes in Mendoza and, with the help of Bernardo O'Higgins and other Chileans he made the Crossing of the Andes and liberated Chile. With the Chilean navy at his disposal, he moved to Peru, liberating that country as well. San Martín met Simón Bolívar at Guayaquil, and retired from action.
A new assembly, the Congress of Tucumán, was called while San Martín was preparing the crossing of the Andes. It finally declared independence from Spain or any other foreign power. Bolivia declared itself independent in 1825, and Uruguay was created in 1828 as a result of the Cisplatine War.
The United Kingdom officially recognized Argentine independence in 1825, with the signing of a "Treaty of Friendship, Commerce, and Navigation" on February 2; the British chargé d'affaires in Buenos Aires, Woodbine Parish, signed on behalf of his country. Spanish recognition of Argentine independence was not to come for several decades.
Historical map.
The map below is based on a wide range of antique maps for the periods shown and is intended to give a broad idea of the changes in the State of Argentina in the nineteenth century. The periods are broad and plus or minus about a decade around each date. The hatched areas are disputed or subject to change during the period, the text in this article will explain these changes. There are minor changes of territory that are not shown on the map.
Argentine Civil Wars.
The defeat of the Spanish was followed by a long civil war between unitarians and federalists, about the organization of the country and the role of Buenos Aires in it. Unitarians thought that Buenos Aires should lead the less-developed provinces, as the head of a strong centralized government. Federalists thought instead that the country should be a federation of autonomous provinces, like the successful States of the United States.
During this period the United Provinces of the Rio de la Plata lacked a head of state, since the unitarian defeat at the Battle of Cepeda had ended the authority of the Supreme Directors and the 1819 Constitution. There was a new attempt in 1826 to write a constitution, leading to the designation of Bernardino Rivadavia as President of Argentina, but it was rejected by the provinces. Rivadavia resigned due to the poor management at the Cisplatine War, and the 1826 constitution was repealed.
During this time, the Governors of Buenos Aires Province received the power to manage the international relations of the confederation, including war and debt payment. The dominant figure of this period was the federalist Juan Manuel de Rosas, who is portrayed from different angles by the diverse historiographic flows in Argentina: the liberal history usually considers him a dictator, while revisionists support him on the grounds of his defense of national sovereignty.
He ruled the province of Buenos Aires from 1829 to 1852, facing military threats from secession attempts, neighbour countries, and even European countries. Although Rosas was a Federalist, he kept the customs receipts of Buenos Aires under the exclusive control of the city, whereas the other provinces expected to have a part of the revenue. Rosas considered that this was a fair measure because only Buenos Aires was paying the external debt generated by the Baring Brothers loan to Rivadavia, the war of independence and the war against Brazil. He developed a paramilitary force of his own, the Popular Restorer Society, commonly known as ""Mazorca"" ("Corncob").
Rosas' reluctance to call for a new assembly to write a Constitution led General Justo José de Urquiza from Entre Ríos to turn against him. Urquiza defeated Rosas during the battle of Caseros and called for such an assembly. The Argentine Constitution of 1853 is, with amendments, still in force to this day. The Constitution was not immediately accepted by Buenos Aires, which seceded from the Confederation; it rejoined a few years later. Bartolomé Mitre was the first president of the unified country.
Liberal Governments (1862–1880).
The presidency of Bartolomé Mitre saw an economic improvement in Argentina, with agricultural modernization, foreign investment, new railroads and ports and an immigration wave from Europe. Mitre also stabilized the political system by commanding federal interventions that defeated the personal armies of caudillos Chacho Peñaloza and Juan Sáa. Argentina joined Uruguay and Brazil against Paraguay in the War of the Triple Alliance, which ended during Sarmiento's rule with the defeat of Paraguayan and the annexation of part of its territory by Argentina.
Despite victory in the war, Mitre's popularity declined severely because of it since a broad section of the Argentine population was opposed to the war due to the alliance with Brazil (Argentina's historic rival) that took place during the war and the betrayal of Paraguay (which had been until then one of the country's most important economic allies). One of the major hallmarks of Mitre's presidency was the "Law of Compromise", in which Buenos Aires joined the Argentine Republic and allowed the government to use the City of Buenos Aires as the center of government, but without federalizing the city and by reserving the province of Buenos Aires the right to secede from the nation if conflict arose.
In 1868 Mitre was succeeded by Domingo Faustino Sarmiento, who promoted public education, culture and telegraphs. Sarmiento managed to defeat the last known caudillos and also dealt with the fallout of the Triple Alliance War, which included a decrease in national production due to the death of thousands of soldiers and an outbreak of diseases brought by returning soldiers, such as cholera and yellow fever.
In 1874 Nicolás Avellaneda became president and ran into trouble when he had to deal with the economic depression left by the Panic of 1873. Most of these economic issues were solved when new land was opened for work after the expansion of national territory through the Conquest of the Desert, led by his war minister Julio Argentino Roca. This military campaign took most of the territories under control of natives, and reduced their population.
In 1880 a trade conflict caused turmoil in Buenos Aires, which led governor Carlos Tejedor to declare secession from the republic. Avellaneda denied them this right, breaking the Law of Compromise, and proceeded to send army troops led by Roca to take over the province. Tejedor's secession efforts were defeated and Buenos Aires definitely joined the republic, federalizing the city of Buenos Aires and handing it over to the government as the nation's capital city.
National Autonomist Hegemony (1880–1916).
After his surge in popularity due to his successful desert campaign, Julio Roca was elected president in 1880 as the candidate for the National Autonomist Party, a party that would remain in power until 1916. During his presidency, Roca created a net of political alliances and installed several measures that helped him retain almost absolute control of the Argentine political scene throughout the 1880s. This sharp ability with political strategy earned him his nickname of ""The Fox"".
The country's economy was benefited by a change from extensive farming to industrial agriculture and a huge European immigration, but there wasn't yet a strong move towards industrialization. At that time, Argentina received some of the highest levels of foreign investment in Latin America. In the midst of this economic expansion, the Law 1420 of Common Education of 1884 guaranteed universal, free, non-religious education to all children. This and other government policies were strongly opposed by the Roman Catholic Church in Argentina, causing the Holy See to break off diplomatic relations with the country for several years and setting the stage for decades of continued Church-state strain.
In the late 19th and early 20th century, Argentina temporarily resolved its border disputes with Chile with the Puna de Atacama Lawsuit of 1899, the Boundary treaty of 1881 between Chile and Argentina and the 1902 General Treaty of Arbitration. Roca's government and those that followed were aligned with the Argentine oligarchy, especially the great land owners.
In 1888, Miguel Juárez Celman became president after Roca was constitutionally unable to be re-elected; Celman attempted to reduce Roca's control over the political scene, which earned him his predecessor's opposition. Roca lead great opposition movement against Celman, which coupled with the devastating effects that the Long Depression had on the Argentine economy allowed the Civic opposition party to start a coup d'état which would be later known as the Revolution of the Park. The Revolution was led by the three main leaders of the Civic Union, Leandro Alem, former president Bartolomé Mitre and moderate socialist Juan B. Justo. Though it failed in its main goals, the revolution forced Juárez Celman's resignation and marked the decline of the Generation of '80.
In 1891 Roca proposed that the Civic Union elect somebody to be vice-president to his own presidency the next time elections came around. One group led by Mitre decided to take the deal, while another more intransigent group led by Alem went against that. This eventually led to the split of the Civic Union into the National Civic Union, led by Mitre, and the Radical Civic Union, led by Alem. After this division occurred, Roca withdrew his offer, having completed his plan to divide the Civic Union and decrease their power. Alem would eventually commit suicide in 1896; control of the Radical Civic Union went to his nephew and protégé, Hipólito Yrigoyen.
After Celman's downfall, his vice-president Carlos Pellegrini took over and proceeded to resolve the economic crisis which afflicted the country, earning him the moniker of ""The Storm Sailor"". Fearing another wave of opposition from Roca like the one imposed on Celman, Pellegrini remained moderate in his presidency ending his predecessor's efforts to distance ""The Fox"" from political control. The following governments up until 1898 took similar measures and sided with Roca to avoid being politically chastised.
In 1898, Roca became president again in a politically unstable situation, with a large amount of social conflicts that included massive strikes and anarchist subversion attempts. Roca handled most of these conflicts by having the police or the army crack down on protestors, rebels and suspected rebels. After the end of his second presidency, Roca fell ill and his role in political affairs began to gradually decrease until his death in late 1914.
In 1904, Alfredo Palacios, a member of Juan B. Justo's Socialist Party (founded in 1896), became the first Socialist deputy in Argentina, as a representative for the working-class neighborhood of La Boca in Buenos Aires. He helped create many laws, including the Ley Palacios against sexual exploitation, and others regulating child and woman labor, working hours and Sunday rest.
The hegemony of the PAN ended in 1910 with the election of Roque Sáenz Peña to the presidency. Peña was a progressive member of the PAN who disliked the fraudulent elective system the PAN employed and thus passed the Ley Sáenz Peña, which made the political vote mandatory, secret and universal among males aged eighteen or more. Under this law the first non-PAN president since 1880 was elected in 1916, Hipólito Yrigoyen of the Radical Civic Union.
Radical Governments (1916–1930).
Conservative forces dominated Argentine politics until 1916, when the Radicals, led by Hipólito Yrigoyen, won control of the government through the first national elections under male universal suffrage. 745,000 citizens were allowed to vote, of a total population of 7.5 million (immigrants, who represented much of the population, were not allowed to vote); of these, 400,000 abstained themselves.
Yrigoyen, however, only obtained 45% of the votes, which did not allow him a majority in Parliament, where the conservatives remained the leading force. Thus, of 80 draft laws proposed by the executive, only 26 were voted through by the conservative majority. A moderate agricultural reform proposal was rejected by Parliament, as was an income tax on interest, and the creation of a Bank of the Republic (which was to have the missions of the current Central Bank).
Despite this conservative opposition, the Radical Civic Union (UCR), with their emphasis on fair elections and democratic institutions, opened their doors to Argentina's expanding middle class as well as to social groups previously excluded from power. Yrigoyen's policy was to "fix" the system, by enacting necessary reforms which would enable the agroindustrial export model to preserve itself. It alternated moderate social reforms with repression of the social movements. In 1918, an estudiantine movement started at the University of Córdoba, which eventually led to the University Reform, which quickly spread to the rest of Latin America. In May '68, French students recalled the Córdoba movement.
The Tragic Week of January 1919, during which the Argentine Regional Workers' Federation (FORA, founded in 1901) had called for a general strike after a police shooting, ended up in 700 killed and 4,000 injured. General Luis Dellepiane marched on Buenos Aires to re-establish civil order. Despite being called on by some to initiate a coup against Yrigoyen, he remained loyal to the President, at the sole condition that the latter would allow him a free hand on the repression of the demonstrations. Social movements thereafter continued in the "Forestal" British company, and in Patagonia, where Hector Varela headed the military repression, assisted by the Argentine Patriotic League, killing 1,500.
On the other hand, Yrigoyen's administration enacted the Labor Code establishing the right to strike in 1921, implemented minimum wages laws and collective contracts. It also initiated the creation of the "Dirección General de Yacimientos Petrolíferos Fiscales" (YPF), the state oil company, in June 1922. Radicalism rejected class struggle and advocated social conciliation.
Meanwhile, the Radicals continued Argentina's neutrality policy during World War I, despite the United States' urge to push them into declaring war against the Central Powers. Neutrality enabled Argentina to export goods to Europe, in particular to Great Britain, as well as to issue credit to the belligerent powers. Germany sank two Argentine civilian ships, "Monte Protegido" on April 4, 1917 and the "Toro", but the diplomatic incident only ended with the expulsion of the German ambassador, Karl von Luxburg. Yrigoyen organized a Conference of Neutral Powers in Buenos Aires, to oppose the United States' attempt to bring American states in the European war, and also supported Sandino's resistance in Nicaragua.
In September 1922, Yrigoyen's administration refused to follow the "cordon sanitaire" policy enacted against the Soviet Union, and, basing itself on the assistance given to Austria after the war, decided to send to the USSR 5 million pesos in assistance.
The same year, Yrigoyen was replaced by his rival inside the UCR, Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear, an aristocrat, who defeated Norberto Piñero's "Concentración Nacional" (conservatives) with 458,457 votes against 200,080. Alvear brought to his cabinet personalities belonging to the traditional ruling classes, such as José Nicolás Matienzo at the Interior Ministry, Ángel Gallardo at Foreign Relations, Agustín P. Justo at the War Ministry, Manuel Domecq García at the Marine and Rafael Herrera Vegas at the Haciendas. Alvear's supporters founded the "Unión Cívica Radical Antipersonalista", opposed to Yrigoyen's party.
During the early 1920s, the rise of the anarchist movement, fueled by the arrival of recent émigrés and deportees from Europe, spawned a new generation of left-wing activism in Argentina. The new left, mostly anarchists and anarcho-communists, rejected the incremental progressivism of the old Radical and Socialist elements in Argentina in favor of immediate action. The extremists, such as Severino Di Giovanni, openly espoused violence and 'propaganda by the deed'. A wave of bombings and shootouts with police culminated in an attempt to assassinate U.S. President Herbert Hoover on his visit to Argentina in 1928 and a nearly successful attempt to assassinate Yrigoyen in 1929 after he was re-elected to the presidency.
In 1921, the counter-revolutionary "Logia General San Martín" was founded, and diffused nationalist ideas in the military until its dissolution in 1926. Three years later, the "Liga Republicana" (Republican League) was founded by Roberto de Laferrere, on the model of Benito Mussolini's Black shirts in Italy. The Argentine Right found its major influences in the 19th-century Spanish writer Marcelino Menéndez y Pelayo and in the French royalist Charles Maurras. Also in 1922, the poet Leopoldo Lugones, who had turned towards fascism, made a famous speech in Lima, known as "the time of the sword", in the presence of the War Minister and future dictator Agustín P. Justo, which called for a military coup and the establishment of a military dictatorship.
In 1928, Yrigoyen was re-elected as president and began a series of reforms to increase workers' rights. This intensified the conservative opposition against Yrigoyen, which grew even stronger after Argentina was devastated by the beginning of the Great Depression after the Wall Street Crash. On September the 6th of 1930, a military coup led by the pro-fascist general José Félix Uriburu overthrew Yrigoyen's government and began a period in Argentine history known as the Infamous Decade.
Exports of frozen beef, especially to Great Britain, provided much needed foreign currency, but trade fell off sharply in the Great Depression.
Infamous Decade (1930–1943).
In 1929, Argentina was wealthy by world standards, but the prosperity ended after 1929 with the worldwide Great Depression. In 1930, a military coup, supported by the Argentine Patriotic League, forced Hipólito Yrigoyen from power, and replaced him by José Félix Uriburu. Support for the coup was bolstered by the sagging Argentine economy, as well as a string of bomb attacks and shootings involving radical anarchists, which alienated moderate elements of Argentine society and angered the conservative right, which had long been agitating for decisive action by the military forces.
The military coup initiated the period known as the "Infamous Decade", characterised by electoral fraud, persecution of the political opposition (mainly against the UCR) and pervasive government corruption, against the background of the global depression.
During his brief tenure as president, Uriburu cracked down heavily on anarchists and other far-left groups, resulting in 2,000 illegal executions of members of anarchist and communist groups. The most famous (and perhaps most symbollic of anarchism's decay in Argentina at the time) was the execution of Severino Di Giovanni, who was captured in late January 1931 and executed on the first of February of the same year.
After becoming president through the coup, Uriburu attempted to create a constitutional reform that would include corporatism in the Argentine Constitution. This move toward fascism was viewed negatively by the conservative backers of the coup and they turned their support to the more moderate conservative general Agustín P. Justo, who won the presidency in a 1932 election that was heavily fraudulent.
Justo began a policy of liberal economic moves that benefitted mostly the nation's upper classes and permitted great political and industrial corruption at the expense of national growth. One of the most infamous decisions of Justo's government was the creation of the Roca-Runciman Treaty between Argentina and the United Kingdom, which benefitted the British economy and the rich beef producers of Argentina at the expense of national interest.
In 1935, progressive democrat Senator Lisandro de la Torre began an investigation into several corruption allegations within the Argentine beef production industry, during which he attempted to charge Justo's Minister of Agriculture, Luis Duhau, and the Minister of Finance, Federico Pinedo, with political corruption and fraud charges. During the exposition of the investigation in the National Congress Duhau started a fight among the Senators, during which his bodyguard, Ramón Valdez-Cora, tried to kill De La Torre but accidentally ended up shooting De La Torre's friend and political partner Enzo Bordabehere. The meat investigation was dropped soon afterwards, but not before De La Torre managed to achieve the incarceration of the head of the "Anglo" meat company for corruption charges. De la Torre would later commit suicide in 1939.
The collapse of international trade led to industrial growth focused on import substitution, leading to a stronger economic independence. Political conflict increased, marked by confrontation between right-wing fascists and leftist radicals, while military-oriented conservatives controlled the government. Though many claimed the polls to be fraudulent, Roberto Ortiz was elected president in 1937 and took office the next year, but due to his fragile health he was succeeded by his vice-president, Ramón Castillo. Castillo effectively took power in 1940; he formally assumed leadership in 1942.
Revolution of '43 (1943–1946).
The civilian government appeared to be close to joining the allies, but many officers of the Argentine armed forces (and ordinary Argentine citizens) objected due to fear of the spread of communism. There was a wide support to stay neutral in the conflict, as during World War I. The government was also questioned by domestic policy reasons, namely, the electoral fraud, the poor labour rights and the selection of Patrón Costas to run for the presidency.
On June 4, 1943, the G.O.U. (Grupo de Oficiales Unidos), which was a secret alliance between military leaders led by Pedro Pablo Ramírez, Arturo Rawson, Edelmiro Farrell and Farrell's protégé Juan Domingo Perón marched to the Casa Rosada and demanded the resignation of president Castillo. After hours of threats their goal was achieved and the president resigned. This event is considered by historians as the official end of the Infamous Decade.
After the coup, Ramírez took power. Although he did not declare war, he broke relations with the Axis powers. Argentina's largest neighbor, Brazil, had already entered the war on the allied side in 1942.
In 1944 Ramirez was replaced by Farrell, an army officer of Irish-Argentine origin who had spent two years attached to Mussolini's army in the twenties. Initially his government continued to maintain a neutral policy. Towards the end of the war, Farrell decided it was in the interests of Argentina to be attached to the winning side. Like several Latin American states, Argentina made a late declaration of war against Germany with no intention of providing any military forces.
Juan Domingo Perón managed the relations with labourers and unions, and become highly popular. He was deposed and detained at the Martín García island, but a massive demonstration on October 17, 1945, forced the government to free Perón and restore him to office. Perón would win the elections shortly afterwards by a landslide. The US ambassador, Spruille Braden, took direct action in Argentine politics supporting the antiperonist parties.
Peronist Years (1946–1955).
In 1946 General Juan Perón became president; his populist ideology became known as peronism. His popular wife Eva Perón played a leading political role until her death in 1952. Perón established censorship by closing down 110 publications between 1943 and 1946. During Juan Perón's rule, the number of unionized workers and government programs increased.
His government followed an isolationist foreign policy and attempted to reduce the political and economic influence of other nations. Perón expanded government spending. His policies led to ruinous inflation. The peso lost about 70% of its value from early 1948 to early 1950; inflation reached 50% in 1951.
Opposition members were imprisoned and some of them tortured. He dismissed many important and capable advisers, while promoting officials largely on the basis of personal loyalty. A coup ("Revolución Libertadora") led by Eduardo Lonardi, and supported by the Catholic Church, deposed him in 1955. He went into exile, eventually settling in Francoist Spain.
"Revolución Libertadora" (1955–1958).
In Argentina, the 1950s and 1960s were marked by frequent coups d'état, low economic growth in the 1950s and high growth rates in the 1960s. Argentina faced problems of continued social and labor demands. Argentine painter Antonio Berni's works reflected the social tragedies of these times, painting in particular life in the "villas miseria" (shanty towns).
Following the "Revolución Libertadora" military coup, Eduardo Lonardi held power only briefly and was succeeded by Pedro Aramburu, president from November 13, 1955 to May 1, 1958. In June 1956, two Peronist generals, Juan José Valle and Raul Tanco, attempted a coup against Aramburu, criticizing an important purge in the army, the abrogation of social reforms and persecution against trade-union leaders. They also demanded liberation of all political and labor activists and the return to the constitutional order. The uprising was quickly crushed: General Valle and other members of the military were executed, and twenty civilians were arrested at their homes and their bodies thrown in the León Suarez dumping ground.
Along with the June 1955 Casa Rosada bombing on the Plaza de Mayo, the León Suarez massacre is one of the important events that started a cycle of violence. Pedro Aramburu was later kidnapped and executed for this massacre, in 1970, by Fernando Abal Medina, Emilio Angel Maza, Mario Firmenich and others, who would later form the "Montoneros" movement.
In 1956, special elections were held to reform the constitution. The Radical Party under Ricardo Balbín won a majority, although 25% of all ballots were turned in blank as a protest by the banned Peronist party. Also in support of Peronism, the left wing of the Radical Party, led by Arturo Frondizi, left the Constitutional Assembly. The Assembly was severely damaged by that defection and was only able to restore the Constitution of 1853 with the sole addition of the Article 14 "bis", which enumerated some social rights.
Fragile Radical Administrations (1958–1966).
A ban on Peronism expression and representation continued during the fragile civilian governments of the period 1958-1966. Frondizi, UCRI's candidate, won the presidential elections of 1958, obtaining approximately 4,000,000 votes against 2,500,000 for Ricardo Balbín (with 800,000 neutral votes). From Caracas, Perón supported Frondizi and called upon his supporters to vote for him, as a means toward the end of prohibition of the Peronist movement and the re-establishment of the workers' social legislation voted during Perón's leadership.
On one hand, Frondizi appointed Álvaro Alsogaray as Minister of Economy to placate powerful agrarian interests and other conservatives. A member of the powerful military dynasty Alsogaray, Álvaro, who had already been Minister of Industry under Aramburu's military rule, devalued the peso and imposed credit control.
On the other hand, Frondizi followed a laicist program, which raised concerns among the Catholic nationalist forces, leading to the organization, between 1960 and 1962, of the far-right Tacuara Nationalist Movement.
The Tacuara, the "first urban guerrilla group in Argentina", engaged in several anti-Semitic bombings, in particular following Adolf Eichmann's kidnapping by the MOSSAD in 1960. During the visit of Dwight Eisenhower to Argentina, in February 1962 (Eisenhower had been until 1961 President of the United States), the Tacuara headed nationalist demonstrations against him, leading to the imprisonment of several of their leaders, among whom Joe Baxter.
However, Frondizi's government ended in 1962 with intervention yet again by the military, after a series of local elections were won by the Peronist candidates. José María Guido, chairman of the senate, claimed the presidency on constitutional grounds before the deeply divided Armed Forces were able to agree on a name. Right-wing elements in the Argentine armed forces in favor of direct military rule and the suppression of former Peronist politicians, subsequently attempted to wrest control of the government in the 1963 Argentine Navy Revolt on April 2. The failure of the revolt's plotters to win the loyalty of Army units near the capital permitted Guido's government to swiftly put down the revolt at the cost of 21 lives.
In new elections in 1963, neither Peronists nor Communists were allowed to participate. Arturo Illia of the Radical People's Party won these elections; regional elections and by-elections over the next few years favored Peronists.
On the other hand, the Tacuara were outlawed by Illia in 1965, some of its members ultimately turning to the Peronist Left (such as Joe Baxter) while others remained on their far-right positions (such as Alberto Ezcurra Uriburu, who would work with the Triple A).
Despite the fact that the country grew and developed economically during Illia's tenure as president, he was eventually ousted in a military coup in 1966.
"Revolución Argentina" (1966–1973).
Amidst growing workers' and students' unrest, another coup took place in June 1966, self-designated "Revolución Argentina" (Argentiene Revolution), which established General Juan Carlos Onganía as "de facto" president, supported by several leaders of the General Confederation of Labour (CGT), among whom the general secretary Augusto Vandor. This led to a series of military-appointed presidents.
While preceding military coups were aimed at establishing temporary, transitional "junta"s, the "Revolución Argentina" headed by Onganía aimed at establishing a new political and social order, opposed both to liberal democracy and Communism, which gave to the Armed Forces of Argentina a leading, political role in the economic rationalization of the country. The political scientist Guillermo O'Donnell named this type of regime "authoritarian-bureaucratic state", in reference both to the "Revolución Argentina", the Brazilian military regime (1964–1985), Augusto Pinochet's regime (starting in 1973) and Juan María Bordaberry's regime in Uruguay.
Onganía's Minister of Economy, Adalbert Krieger Vasena, decreed a freeze of wages' increase and a 40% devaluation, which strongly affected the state of the Argentine economy, in particular of the agricultural sector, favoring foreign capital. Vasena suspended collective labour conventions, reformed the hydrocarburs law which had established a partial monopoly of the "Yacimientos Petrolíferos Fiscales" (YPF) state enterprise, as well as passing a law facilitating expulsions in case of fault of payment of rent. Finally, the right to strike was suspended (Law 16,936) and several other laws reversed progress made concerning labor laws throughout the preceding years.
The workers' movement divided itself between Vandoristas, who supported a "Peronism without Peron" line (Vandor declared that "to save Perón, one has to be against Perón") and advocated negotiation with the junta, and Peronists, themselves divided.
In July 1966 Onganía ordered the forcible clearing of five facilities of the Universidad de Buenos Aires (UBA) in Argentina on July 29, 1966 by the Federal Police, an event known as "La Noche de los Bastones Largos" ("The Night of the Long Batons"). These facilities had been occupied by students, professors and graduates (members of the autonomous government of the university) who opposed the military government's intervention in the universities and revocation of the 1918 university reform. The university repression led to the exile of 301 university professors, including Manuel Sadosky, Tulio Halperín Donghi, Sergio Bagú and Risieri Frondizi.
In late May 1968 General Julio Alsogaray dissented from Onganía, and rumors spread about a possible coup d'état, Algosaray leading the conservative opposition to Onganía. Finally, at the end of the month, Onganía dismissed the leaders of the Armed Forces: Alejandro Lanusse replaced Julio Alsogaray, Pedro Gnavi replaced Benigno Varela, and Jorge Martínez Zuviría replaced Adolfo Alvarez.
On 19 September 1968 two important events affected Revolutionary Peronism. On one hand, John William Cooke, former personal delegate of Perón and ideologist of the Peronist Left, as well as a friend of Fidel Castro, died from natural causes. On the other hand, a small group (13 men and one woman) who aimed at establishing a "foco" in Tucuman Province, in order to head the resistance against the junta, was captured. Among them was Envar El Kadre, then a leader of the Peronist Youth.
In 1969 the "CGT de los Argentinos" (CGTA, headed by the graphist Raimundo Ongaro) headed social movements, in particular the Cordobazo, as well as other movements in Tucuman and Santa Fe. While Perón managed a reconciliation with Augusto Vandor, head of the CGT Azopardo, he followed, in particular through the voice of his delegate Jorge Paladino, a cautious line of opposition to the military junta, criticizing with moderation the neoliberal policies of the junta but waiting for discontent inside the government (""hay que desencillar hasta que aclare"", said Perón, advocating patience). Thus, Onganía had an interview with 46 CGT delegates, among whom Vandor, who agreed on "participationism" with the military junta, thus uniting themselves with the "Nueva Corriente de Opinión" headed by José Alonso and Rogelio Coria.
In December 1969 more than 20 priests, members of the "Movimiento de Sacerdotes para el Tercer Mundo" (MSTM, Movement of Priests for the Third World), marched on the "Casa Rosada" to present to Onganía a petition pleading him to abandon the eradication plan of "villas miserias" (shanty towns).
Meanwhile, Onganía implemented corporatism policies, experimenting in particular in Córdoba, underneath Carlos Caballero's governance. The same year, the Movement of Priests for the Third World issued a declaration supporting Socialist revolutionary movements, which led to the Catholic hierarchy, by the voice of Juan Carlos Aramburu, coadjutor archbishop of Buenos Aires, to proscribe priests from making political or social declarations.
Growing instability (1969–1976).
During the de facto government of the "Revolución Argentina" the left began to regain power through underground movements. This was mainly through violent guerilla groups. Later, the return of Peronism to power was expected to calm down the heated waters but did exactly the opposite, creating a violent breach between right-wing and left-wing peronism, leading to years of violence and political instability that culminated with the coup d'état of 1976.
Subversive Years (1969–1973).
Various armed actions, headed by the "Fuerzas Armadas de Liberación" (FAL), composed by former members of the Revolutionary Communist Party, occurred in April 1969, leading to several arrests among FAL members. These were the first left-wing urban guerrilla actions in Argentina. Beside these isolated actions, the Cordobazo uprising that year, called forth by the CGT de los Argentinos, and its Cordobese leader, Agustín Tosco, prompted demonstrations in the entire country. The same year, the People's Revolutionary Army (ERP) was formed as the military branch of the Trotskyist Workers' Revolutionary Party, kidnapping high-profile rich Argentines and demanding ransom.
The last of the "de facto" military presidents, Alejandro Lanusse, was appointed in 1971 and attempted to re-establish democracy amidst an atmosphere of continuing Peronist workers protests.
Cámpora's Tenure (1973).
On March 11, 1973, Argentina held general elections for the first time in ten years. Perón was prevented from running, but voters elected his stand-in, Dr. Hector Cámpora, as President. Cámpora defeated his Radical Civic Union opponent. Cámpora won 49.5 percent of the votes in the presidential election following a campaign based on a platform of national reconstruction.
Riding a wave of mass support, Cámpora inaugurated his period on May 25. He acceded to his functions on May 25, which was saluted by a massive popular gathering of the Peronist Youth movement, Montoneros, FAR and FAP ("Fuerzas Armadas Peronistas") in the Plaza de Mayo. Cámpora assumed a strong stance against right-wing Peronists, declaring during his first speech: "La sangre derramada no será negociada" ("Spilled blood will not be negotiated").
Cuban president Osvaldo Dorticós and Chilean president Salvador Allende were present at his inauguration, while William P. Rogers, U.S. Secretary of State, and Uruguayan president Juan Bordaberry, could not attend, blocked in their respective cars by demonstrators. Political prisoners were liberated on the same day, under the pressure of the demonstrators. Cámpora's government included progressive figures such as Interior Minister Esteban Righi and Education Minister Jorge Taiana, but also included members of the labor and political right-wing Peronist factions, such as José López Rega, Perón's personal secretary and Minister of Social Welfare, and a member of the P2 Masonic lodge. Perón's followers also commanded strong majorities in both houses of Congress.
Hector Cámpora's government followed a traditional Peronist economic policy, supporting the national market and redistributing wealth. One of José Ber Gelbard's first measures as minister of economics was to augment workers' wages. However, the 1973 oil crisis seriously affected Argentina's oil-dependent economy. Almost 600 social conflicts, strikes or occupations occurred in Cámpora's first month. The military conceded Campora's victory, but strikes, as well as government-backed violence, continued unabated. The slogan "Campora in government, Perón in power" expressed the real source of popular joy, however.
Return of Perón (1973–1974).
Amidst escalating terror from right and left alike, Perón decided to return and assume the presidency. On June 20, 1973, two million people waited for him at Ezeiza airport. From Perón's speaking platform, camouflaged far-right gunmen fired on the masses, shooting at the Peronist Youth movement and the Montoneros, killing at least thirteen and injuring more than three hundred (this became known as the Ezeiza massacre).
Cámpora and vice-president Solano Lima resigned on July 13. Deputy Raúl Alberto Lastiri, José López Rega's son-in-law and also a P2 member, was then promoted to the Presidency to organize elections. Cámpora's followers such as Chancellor Juan Carlos Puig and Interior Minister Esteban Righi were immediately replaced by Alberto J. Vignes and Benito Llambi, and the Ejército Revolucionario del Pueblo (ERP - People's Revolutionary Army) was declared a "dissolved terrorist organization". On September 23, Perón won the elections with 61.85% of the votes, with his third wife, María Estela Isabel Martínez de Perón, as vice-president.
Peronist right-wing factions won a decisive victory and Perón assumed the Presidency in October 1973, a month after Pinochet's coup in Chile. Violent acts, including by the Triple A, continued to threaten public order. On September 25, 1973, José Ignacio Rucci, CGT trade-union's Secretary General and Perón's friend, was assassinated by the Montoneros. The government resorted to a number of emergency decrees, including the implementation of special executive authority to deal with violence. This allowed the government to imprison persons indefinitely without charge.
Perón won 61.9 percent of the vote and, with his wife Maria Estela (Isabel) Martinez de Perón as vice president, and their administration was inaugurated on October 12. In his second period in office, Perón was committed to achieving political peace through a new alliance of business and labor to promote national reconstruction. Peron's charisma and his past record with respect to labor helped him maintain his working-class support.
Isabel de Perón was inexperienced in politics and only carried Perón's name; Lopez Rega was described as a man with numerous occult interests, including astrology, and a supporter of dissident Catholic groups. Economic policies were directed at restructuring wages and currency devaluations in order to attract foreign investment capital to Argentina. Lopez Rega was ousted as Isabel de Perón's adviser in June 1975; General Numa Laplane, the commander in chief of the army who had supported the administration through the Lopez Rega period, was replaced by General Jorge Rafael Videla in August 1975.
Isabel's Government (1974–1976).
Perón died on July 1, 1974. His wife succeeded him in office, but her administration was undermined by economic downfall (inflation was skyrocketing and GDP contracted), Peronist intra-party struggles, and growing acts of terrorism by insurgents such as the ERP and paramilitary movements.
Montoneros, led by Mario Firmenich, cautiously decided to go underground after Peron's death. Isabel Perón was removed from office by the military coup on March 24, 1976. This gave way to the last and arguably most violent de facto government in Argentina, the National Reorganization Process.
National Reorganization Process (1976–1983).
Following the coup against Isabel Perón, the armed forces formally exercised power through a junta led consecutively by Videla, Viola, Galtieri and Bignone until December 10, 1983. These "de facto" leaders termed their government programme "National Reorganization Process".
In the late 1960s and the early 1970s, Marxist-Leninist militias such as People's Revolutionary Army utilized aggressive tactics that sometimes resulted in violence. Later the military government used these acts as justification for their even more brutal measures. The "ideological war" doctrine of the Argentine military focused on eliminating the social base of insurgency. In practice that meant assassinating many middle class students, intellectuals and labor organizers, most of whom had few ties to the guerrillas.
The costs of what the armed forces called the "Dirty War" were high in terms of lives lost and basic human rights violated. Thousands of deaths may be attributed to various guerrilla attacks and assassinations. The 1984 Commission on the Disappeared documented the disappearance and probable death at the hands of the military regime of about 11,000 people, relatively few of whom were likely Montonero or ERP cadres. Human rights groups estimate that over 30,000 persons were "disappeared" (i.e. arrested, tortured, and secretly executed without trial) during the 1976–1983 period; many more went into exile. The People's Revolutionary Army alone admitted it lost 5,000 militants.
Serious economic problems, mounting charges of corruption, public discontent and, finally, the country's 1982 defeat by the United Kingdom in the Falklands War following Argentina's unsuccessful attempt to seize the Falkland Islands all combined to discredit the Argentine military regime. Under strong public pressure, the junta lifted bans on political parties and gradually restored basic political liberties.
Beagle conflict.
The Beagle conflict began to brew in the 1960s, when Argentina began to claim that the Picton, Lennox and Nueva islands in the Beagle Channel were rightfully hers. In 1971, Chile and Argentina signed an agreement formally submitting the Beagle Channel issue to binding Beagle Channel Arbitration. On May 2, 1977 the court ruled that the islands and all adjacent formations belonged to Chile. See the Report and decision of the Court of Arbitration.
On 25 January 1978 the Argentina military junta led by General Jorge Videla declared the award fundamentally null and intensified their claim over the islands. On 22 December 1978, Argentina started the Operation Soberania over the disputed islands, but the invasion was halted due to:
and in cite 46:
In December that year, moments before Videla signed a declaration of war against Chile, Pope John Paul II agreed to mediate between the two nations. The Pope's envoy, Antonio Samoré, successfully averted war and proposed a new definitive boundary in which the three disputed islands would remain Chilean. Argentina and Chile both agreed to Samoré's proposal and signed the Treaty of Peace and Friendship of 1984 between Chile and Argentina, ending that dispute.
New Democracy (1983–present).
On October 30, 1983, Argentines went to the polls to choose a president; vice-president; and national, provincial, and local officials in elections found by international observers to be fair and honest. The country returned to constitutional rule after Raúl Alfonsín, candidate of the Radical Civic Union ("Unión Cívica Radical", UCR), received 52% of the popular vote for president. He began a 6-year term of office on December 10, 1983.
Alfonsín Era (1983–1989).
Five days later, he created the National Commission on the Disappearance of Persons (CONADEP), led by Argentine writer Ernesto Sábato. However, it was also under Alfonsín's presidency that the December 24, 1986 "Ley de Punto Final" ("Full Stop Law") was voted, granting amnesty to all acts committed before December 10, 1983, amid pressure from the military. It would not be until June 2005's Supreme Court decision to overturn all amnesty laws that investigations could be started again.
During the Alfonsín administration, a Treaty of Peace and Friendship of 1984 between Chile and Argentina with Chile was signed and the roots of the Mercosur trade bloc were established.
In 1985 and 1987, large turnouts for mid-term elections demonstrated continued public support for a strong and vigorous democratic system. The UCR-led government took steps to resolve some of the nation's most pressing problems, including accounting for those who disappeared during military rule, establishing civilian control of the armed forces, and consolidating democratic institutions. One of the biggest achievements of the Alfonsín administration was the reduction of corruption in public offices, which was reduced by half during his administration.
However, constant friction with the military, failure to resolve several economic problems inherited from the military dictatorship and great opposition from the labor unions undermined the effectiveness of the Alfonsín government, which left office six months early after Peronist candidate Carlos Saúl Menem won the 1989 presidential elections.
Menemist Decade (1989–1999).
As President, Carlos Menem launched a major overhaul of Argentine domestic policy. Large-scale structural reforms dramatically reversed the role of the state in Argentine economic life. Ironically, the Peronist Menem oversaw the privatization of many of the industries Perón had nationalized.
A decisive leader pressing a controversial agenda, Menem was not reluctant to use the presidency's powers to issue "emergency" decrees (formally "necessity and urgency decrees") when the Congress was unable to reach consensus on his proposed reforms. Those powers were curtailed somewhat when the constitution was reformed in 1994 as a result of the so-called Olivos Pact with the opposition Radical Party. That arrangement opened the way for Menem to seek and win reelection with 50% of the vote in the three-way 1995 presidential race. Piquetero movement rose.
The 1995 election saw the emergence of the moderate-left FrePaSo political alliance. This alternative to the two traditional political parties in Argentina was particularly strong in Buenos Aires but lacked the national infrastructure of the Peronists and Radicals. In an important development in Argentina's political life, all three major parties in the 1999 race espoused free market economic policies.
New Millennium Crisis (1999–2003).
De La Rúa Presidency (1999–2001).
In October 1999, the UCR–FrePaSo "Alianza"'s presidential candidate, Fernando de la Rúa, defeated Peronist candidate Eduardo Duhalde. Having taken office in December 1999, De la Rúa followed an IMF-sponsored program of government spending cuts, revenue increases, and provincial revenue-sharing reforms to get the federal fiscal deficit under control, and pursued labor market flexibilization and business-promotion measures aimed at stimulating foreign investment, so as to avoid defaulting the public debt.
Towards the end of 2001, Argentina faced grave economic problems. The IMF pressed Argentina to service its external debt, effectively forcing Argentina to devalue the Argentine peso, which had been pegged to the U.S. dollar, or alternatively fully dollarize its economy. Deep budget cuts, including a 13% reduction in pay for the nation's 2 million public sector employees, failed to curb the rapidly increasing country risk on almost U$100 billion in Argentine bonds, increasing debt service costs and further limiting access to international credit, despite a moderately successful debt swap arranged by Cavallo with most bondholders. Voters reacted to the rapidly worsening economy in the October 2001 midterm elections by both depriving the Alliance of its majority in the Lower House, and by casting a record 25% of spoiled ballots.
Corralito (2001).
On November 1, 2001, as people's fears that the peso would be devalued caused massive withdrawal of bank deposits and capital flight, de la Rúa's Minister of Economy Domingo Cavallo passed regulations severely limiting withdrawals, effectively freezing the peso-denominated assets of the Argentine middle class, while the dollar-denominated foreign accounts of the wealthy were shielded from devaluation. (The freezing of the bank accounts was informally named "corralito".)
The overall economy declined drastically during December 2001. The resulting riots led to dozens of deaths. The Minister of Economy Domingo Cavallo resigned, but that did not prevent the collapse of De la Rúa's administration. On December 20 de la Rúa also resigned, but the political crisis was extremely serious, as a result of the previous resignation of the vice-president Carlos "Chacho" Álvarez in 2000. The president of the Senate became interim president until the National Congress elected, two days later, Adolfo Rodríguez Saá to finish De la Rúa's term. But Rodríguez Saá resigned a week later on December 31, leaving the power to the president of the Chamber of Deputies (as the Senate was undergoing their annual renovation of its president) as interim.
Finally, on January 2, 2002, the National Congress elected the Peronist Eduardo Duhalde, a losing candidate in the most recent presidential election, as president. The peso was first devalued by 29%, and then the dollar peg was abandoned; by July 2002, the national currency had depreciated to one-quarter of its former value.
Recovery (2002–2003).
President Duhalde faced a country in turmoil. His administration had to deal with a wave of protests (middle-class cacerolazos and unemployed piqueteros), and did so with a relatively tolerant policy, intending to minimize violence. As inflation became a serious issue and the effects of the crisis became apparent in the form of increased unemployment and poverty, Duhalde chose a moderate, low-profile economist, Roberto Lavagna, as his Minister of Economy. The economic measures implemented brought inflation under control.
After a year, Duhalde deemed his tasks fulfilled and, pressured by certain political factors, called for elections, which in April 2003 brought Néstor Kirchner, the left-of-centre Peronist governor of Santa Cruz, to power.
Kirchners' Governments (2003–Present).
President Kirchner took office on May 25, 2003. He reshuffled the leadership of the Armed Forces, overturned controversial amnesty laws that protected members of the 1976-1983 dictatorship from prosecution, and kept Lavagna on as economy minister for most of his presidency. Kirchner's administration saw a strong economic rebound, and foreign debt reestructuring.
The 2007 general election took place in ten provinces in September and Kirchner's Front for Victory won in six provinces. Hermes Binner was elected governor of Santa Fe, becoming the first Socialist governor in Argentina's history and the first non-Justicialist to rule the rather wealthy Santa Fe province, and Center-left Fabiana Ríos (ARI) became the first woman to be elected governor of Tierra del Fuego, while the right-wing Mauricio Macri was elected Chief of Government of Buenos Aires City in June 2007.
On December 10, 2007, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner took over the presidency from her husband, after winning elections with 44% of the vote. Néstor Kirchner remained a highly influential politician during the term of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. The press developed the term ""presidential marriage"" to make reference to both of them at once. Some political analysts compared this type of government with a diarchy.
After proposing a new taxation system for agricultural exports, the Cristina Fernández's Government had to face a severe lock out of the sector. The protest, which spread over 129 days, was quickly politicized and marked an inflection point in her administration. The system was finally rejected in the Senate by the opposite vote of the Vice president Julio Cobos.
The political style of the government changed with the Death and state funeral of Néstor Kirchner. Cristina slowly distanced from the traditional structure of the Justicialist Party and favored instead "The Cámpora", a group of young supporters led by her son Máximo Kirchner.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="19283982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283982" title="New Democratic Party (Canada)">
New Democratic Party (Canada)

The New Democratic Party (NDP; , NPD) is a major social democratic federal political party in Canada. The current leader of the NDP is Thomas Mulcair, who was elected in the 2012 leadership election.
The NDP was founded in 1961 out of the merger of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) with the Canadian Labour Congress (CLC).
The provincial wing of the NDP in Manitoba currently forms the government in that province. Provincial parties have previously formed governments in British Columbia (1972–1975, 1991–2001), Nova Scotia (2009–2013), Ontario (1990–1995), and Saskatchewan (1971–1982, 1991–2007), and the territorial party formed the government in Yukon (the only territory with a partisan legislature) from 1985–1992 and 1996–2000. In the 2011 federal election under the leadership of Jack Layton, the NDP won the second-most seats in the Canadian House of Commons, gaining the title of Official Opposition for the first time in Canadian history.
Principles and policies.
The NDP evolved from a merger of the Canadian Labour Congress (CLC) and the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF). The CCF grew from populist, agrarian and socialist roots into a modern socialist party. Although the CCF was part of the Christian left and the Social Gospel movement, the NDP is secular and pluralistic. It has broadened to include concerns of the New Left, and advocates issues such as gay rights, international peace, and environmental stewardship.
New Democrats today advocate, among other things:
Electoral achievements.
The NDP has never formed the federal government, but is the Official Opposition in the current 41st Canadian Parliament. It has also at times wielded influence during federal minority governments, such as in the recent 40th Parliament as well as the preceding 39th and (particularly) the 38th Parliaments of 2004-2008. The NDP also enjoyed considerable influence during the earlier minority Liberal governments of Lester B. Pearson and Pierre Trudeau, due to being a large enough group to decide outcomes when the others are split. Provincial New Democratic Parties, technically sections of the federal party, have governed in half the provinces and a territory. They currently govern the province of Manitoba, form the Official Opposition in British Columbia and Saskatchewan, and have sitting members in every provincial legislature except those of Quebec (where there is no provincial NDP), New Brunswick (although the New Brunswick NDP had an elected member until 2006) and Prince Edward Island. They have previously formed governments in the provinces of Ontario, Saskatchewan, British Columbia, Nova Scotia and in the Yukon Territory. The NDP also formed the official opposition in Alberta during the 1980s.
The New Democrats are also active municipally, and have been elected mayors, councillors, and school and service board members — Toronto mayor David Miller was a leading example, although he did not renew his membership in 2007. Similarly, Vancouver mayor Gregor Robertson began his political career as the NDP MLA for Vancouver-Fairview. Most municipal office-holders in Canada are usually elected as independents or with autonomous municipal parties.
History.
20th century.
Origins and early history.
In 1956, after the birth of the Canadian Labour Congress (CLC) by a merger of two previous labour congresses, negotiations began between the CLC and the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) to bring about an alliance between organized labour and the political left in Canada. In 1958 a joint CCF-CLC committee, the National Committee for the New Party (NCNP), was formed to create a "new" social-democratic political party, with ten members from each group. The NCNP spent the next three years laying down the foundations of the New Party. During this process, a large number of New Party Clubs were established to allow like-minded Canadians to join in its founding, and six representatives from New Party Clubs were added to the National Committee. In 1961, at the end of a five-day long Founding Convention which established its principles, policies and structures, the New Democratic Party was born and Tommy Douglas, the long-time CCF Premier of Saskatchewan, was elected its first leader. In 1960, before the NDP was founded, one candidate, Walter Pitman, won a by-election under the New Party banner. 
The influence of organized labour on the party is still reflected in the party's conventions as affiliated trade unions send delegates on a formula based on their number of members. Since approximately one-quarter of the convention delegates have recently been from affiliated labour groups, after the party changed to an Every Member Vote method of electing leaders in leadership races, labour delegate votes are scaled to 25% of the total number of ballots cast for leader.
Trudeau minority.
At the 1971 leadership convention, an activist group called The Waffle tried to take control of the party, but were defeated by David Lewis with the help of trade union members. The following year, most of The Waffle split from the NDP and formed their own party. The NDP itself supported the minority government formed by the Pierre Trudeau-led Liberals from 1972 to 1974, although the two parties never entered into a coalition. Together they succeeded in passing several socially progressive initiatives into law such as pension indexing and the creation of the crown corporation Petro-Canada.
In 1974, the NDP worked with the Progressive Conservatives to pass a motion of non-confidence, forcing an election. However, it backfired as Trudeau's Liberals regained a majority government, mostly at the expense of the NDP, which lost half its seats. Lewis lost his own riding and resigned as leader the following year.
Rising popularity.
Under the leadership of Ed Broadbent (1975–1989), the NDP played a critical role during Joe Clark's minority government of 1979-1980, moving the non-confidence motion on John Crosbie's budget that brought down the Progressive Conservative (PC) government, and forced the election that brought Trudeau's Liberal Party back to power. By the mid-1980s, the NDP had become the second party in much of western Canada, displacing the Liberals.
In the 1984 election, which saw the Progressive Conservatives win the most seats in Canadian history, the NDP won 30 seats, only one behind the 31 it won in 1972. The governing Liberals were decimated, falling to 40 seats in what was at the time the worst defeat of a sitting government at the federal level. The NDP lost only one seat, which was far better than expected considering the size of the PC tsunami. Historically, third parties get decimated in landslides. More importantly, they were only 10 seats behind the Liberals—the closest the party and its predecessors had ever got (up to that point) to one of the two major parties, and the best performance for a third party in over 60 years. This led to some talk that Canada was headed for a UK-style Tory-versus-Labour division, with the NDP pushing the Liberals into oblivion. Afterwards, Broadbent himself consistently out-polled Liberal leader John Turner and even Prime Minister Brian Mulroney.
On July 20, 1987, the NDP swept three by-elections in Newfoundland, Ontario, and the Yukon, picking up two formerly PC seats and holding one NDP seat. These by-elections brought Audrey McLaughlin to the House of Commons as the MP for Yukon.
The NDP saw a new record of 43 Members of Parliament (MPs) elected to the house in the election of 1988. The Liberals, however, had reaped most of the benefits of opposing free trade to emerge as the dominant alternative to the ruling government. The PCs' barrage of attacks on the Liberals, as well as vote-splitting between the NDP and Liberals, helped them win a second consecutive majority. In 1989, Broadbent stepped down after 14 years as federal leader of the NDP.
Decline.
At the party's leadership convention, former B.C. Premier Dave Barrett and Audrey McLaughlin were the main contenders for the leadership. During the campaign, Barrett argued that the party should be concerned with western alienation, rather than focusing its attention on Quebec. The Quebec wing of the NDP strongly opposed Barrett's candidacy, with Phil Edmonston, the party's main spokesman in Quebec, threatening to resign from the party if Barrett won. Barrett's campaign was also hurt when his back-room negotiations with leadership rival Simon De Jong were inadvertently recorded by the latter's CBC microphone. In these discussions, De Jong apparently agreed to support Barrett in exchange for being named House Leader, but he changed his mind at the last minute and supported McLaughlin instead, announcing his endorsement of her before the vote. In the course of his discussion with Barrett, De Jong explained "It's a head and heart thing," i.e., that his head told him to go with Dave while his heart told him to go with Audrey. McLaughlin won the leadership on the fourth ballot, becoming the first woman in Canada to lead a political party.
Although enjoying strong support among organized labour and rural voters in the Prairies, McLaughlin tried to expand their support into Quebec without much success. In 1989, the New Democratic Party of Quebec adopted a sovereigntist platform and severed its ties with the federal NDP. Under McLaughlin, the party did manage to win an election in Quebec for the first time when Edmonston won a 1990 by-election. The party had briefly picked up its first Quebec MP in 1986, when Robert Toupin crossed the floor from the Tories after briefly sitting as an independent. However, he left the party in October 1987 after claiming that communists had infiltrated the party.
The NDP chose to align itself with the Progressive Conservatives and Liberals on the "yes" side of the Charlottetown Accord referendum in 1992. Barrett reluctantly endorsed it to comply with party policy (he opposed the Meech Lake Accord in 1987), but later referred to the NDP's support for the Accord as a mistake. Edmonston, a Quebec nationalist, frequently clashed with his own party over this position on Canadian federalism, and did not run for re-election.
The NDP was routed in the 1993 election. It won only nine seats, three seats short of official party status in the House of Commons. Several factors contributed to this dramatic collapse just one election after winning a record number of seats and after being first in opinion polling at one point during the previous Parliament. One was the massive unpopularity of NDP provincial governments under Bob Rae in Ontario and Mike Harcourt in British Columbia. Not coincidentally, the NDP was routed in these provinces; it lost all 10 of its Ontario MPs and 17 of its 19 British Columbia MPs—more than half of its caucus. The Ontario NDP would be soundly defeated in 1995, while the British Columbia NDP recovered and won reelection in 1996.
The NDP was also indirectly hampered by the collapse of the Progressive Conservatives, who were cut down to only two seats. Exit polls showed that 17% to 27% of NDP supporters from 1988 voted Liberal in 1993. It was obvious by the beginning of October that Liberal leader Jean Chrétien would be the next Prime Minister. However, the memory of 1988's vote splitting combined with the tremendous antipathy toward the PCs caused NDP supporters to vote Liberal to ensure the Progressive Conservatives would be defeated. Many voters in the NDP's traditional Western heartland also switched to the right-wing Reform Party of Canada. Despite sharp ideological differences, Reform's populism struck a chord with many western NDP supporters. In Ontario, fear of the Reform Party and anger at Rae helped cause NDP supporters to vote Liberal. Barrett's warnings about Western alienation proved to be prophetic, as the rise of the Reform Party replaced the NDP as the protest voice west of Ontario.
Into the 21st century.
Recovery.
McLaughlin resigned in 1995 and was succeeded by Alexa McDonough, the former leader of the Nova Scotia NDP. In contrast to traditional but diminishing Canadian practice, where an MP for a safe seat stands down to allow a newly elected leader a chance to enter Parliament via a by-election, McDonough opted to wait until the next election to enter Parliament.
The party recovered somewhat in the 1997 election, electing 21 members. The NDP made a breakthrough in Atlantic Canada, a region where they had been practically nonexistent at the federal level. Before 1997, they had won only three seats in the Atlantic in their entire history. However, in 1997 they won eight seats in that region, in the process unseating Liberal ministers David Dingwall and Doug Young. The party was able to harness the discontent of Maritime voters, who were upset over cuts to employment insurance and other social programs.
Afterwards, McDonough was widely perceived as trying to move the party toward the centre of the political spectrum, in the Third Way mould of British Prime Minister Tony Blair. Union leaders were lukewarm in their support, often threatening to break away from the NDP, while Canadian Auto Workers head Buzz Hargrove called for her resignation. MPs Rick Laliberté and Angela Vautour crossed the floor to other parties during this term, to the Liberals and Progressive Conservatives respectively, reducing the NDP caucus to 19 seats.
In the November 2000 election, the NDP campaigned on the issue of Medicare but lost significant support. The governing Liberals ran an effective campaign on their economic record and managed to recapture some of the Atlantic ridings lost to the NDP in the 1997 election. The initial high electoral prospects of the Canadian Alliance under new leader Stockwell Day also hurt the NDP as many supporters strategically voted Liberal to keep the Alliance from winning. The NDP finished with 13 MPs—just barely over the threshold for official party status.
The party embarked on a renewal process starting in 2000. A general convention in Winnipeg in November 2001 made significant alterations to party structures, and reaffirmed its commitment to the left. In the May 2002 by-elections, Brian Masse won the riding of Windsor West, Ontario, previously held for decades by a Liberal, former Deputy Prime Minister Herb Gray.
Jack Layton elected leader.
McDonough announced her resignation as party leader for family reasons in June 2002, and was succeeded by Jack Layton. A Toronto city councillor and recent President of the Federation of Canadian Municipalities, Layton was elected at the party's leadership election in Toronto on January 5, 2003, defeating his nearest rival, longtime Winnipeg-area MP Bill Blaikie, on the first ballot with 53.5% of the vote.
Layton had run unsuccessfully for the Commons three times in Toronto-area ridings. Like McDonough before him, Layton did not contest a seat in Parliament until the 2004 election. In the interim, he appointed Blaikie as deputy leader and made him parliamentary leader of the NDP.
2004 election.
The 2004 election produced mixed results for the NDP. It increased its total vote by more than a million votes; however, despite Layton's optimistic predictions of reaching 40 seats, the NDP only gained five seats in the election, for a total of 19. The party was disappointed to see its two Saskatchewan incumbents defeated in close races by the new Conservative Party (created by merger of the Alliance and PC parties), perhaps due to the unpopularity of the NDP provincial government. Those losses caused the federal NDP to be shut out in Saskatchewan for the first time since the 1965 election, despite obtaining 23% of the vote in the province.
Exit polls indicated that many NDP supporters voted Liberal to keep the new Conservative Party of Canada from winning. The Liberals had recruited several prominent NDP members, most notably former British Columbia Premier Ujjal Dosanjh, to run as Liberals as part of a drive to convince NDP voters that a reunited Conservative Party could sneak up the middle in the event of a split in the centre-left vote.
The NDP campaign also experienced controversy after Layton suggested the removal of the Clarity Act, considered by some to be vital to keeping Quebec in Canada and by others as undemocratic, and promised to recognize any declaration of independence by Quebec after a referendum. Although this position was consistent with NDP policy, some high-profile party members, such as NDP House Leader Bill Blaikie, publicly indicated that they did not share this view. (Layton would later reverse his position and support the Act in 2006.)
The Liberals were re-elected, though this time as a minority government. Combined, the Liberals and NDP had 154 seats – one short of the total needed for the balance of power. As has been the case with Liberal minorities in the past, the NDP were in a position to make gains on the party's priorities, such as fighting health care privatization, fulfilling Canada's obligation to the Kyoto Protocol, and electoral reform.
The party used Liberal Prime Minister Paul Martin's politically precarious position caused by the sponsorship scandal to force investment in multiple federal programs, agreeing not to help topple the government provided that some major concessions in the federal budget were ceded to. The governing Liberals agreed to support the changes in exchange for NDP support on confidence votes. On May 19, 2005, by Speaker Peter Milliken's tie-breaking vote, the House of Commons voted for second reading on major NDP amendments to the federal budget, preempting about $4.5 billion in corporate tax cuts and funding social, educational and environmental programs instead. Both NDP supporters and Conservative opponents of the measures branded it Canada's first "NDP budget". In late June, the amendments passed final reading and many political pundits concluded that the NDP had gained credibility and clout on the national scene.
2006 election.
On November 9, 2005, after the findings of the Gomery Inquiry were released, Layton notified the Liberal government that continued NDP support would require a ban on private healthcare. When the Liberals refused, Layton announced that he would introduce a motion on November 24 that would ask Martin to call a federal election in February to allow for several pieces of legislation to be passed. The Liberals turned down this offer. On November 28, 2005, Conservative leader Stephen Harper's motion of no confidence was seconded by Layton and it was passed by all three opposition parties, forcing an election. Columnist Andrew Coyne has suggested that the NDP was unlikely to receive much credit for continuing to further prop up the Liberals, so they ended their support for the Martin government.
During the election, the NDP focused their attacks on the Liberal party, in order to counter Liberal appeals for strategic voting. A key point in the campaign was when Judy Wasylycia-Leis had asked the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) to launch a criminal investigation into the leaking of the income trust announcement. The criminal probe seriously damaged the Liberal campaign and prevented them from making their key policy announcements, as well as bringing Liberal corruption back into the spotlight. After the election, the RCMP announced the conclusion of the income trust investigation and laid a charge of 'Breach of Trust' against Serge Nadeau, an official in the Department of Finance, while Liberal Finance Minister Ralph Goodale was cleared of wrongdoing.
The NDP campaign strategy put them at odds with Canadian Auto Workers (CAW), which had supported an NDP-backed Liberal minority government and which was only backing NDP candidates that had a chance of winning. After the campaign, the Ontario NDP expelled CAW leader Buzz Hargrove from the party (which has a common membership both federally and provincially, see below) for his support of the Liberals.
On January 23, the NDP won 29 seats, a significant increase of 10 seats from the 19 won in 2004. It was the fourth-best performance in party history, approaching the level of popular support enjoyed in the 1980s. The NDP kept all of the 18 seats it held at the dissolution of Parliament (Paul Dewar retained the riding of Ottawa Centre vacated by Broadbent). Bev Desjarlais, an NDP MP since 1997, unsuccessfully ran as an independent in her Churchill riding after losing the NDP nomination. While the party gained no seats in Atlantic Canada, Quebec, or the Prairie Provinces, it gained five seats in British Columbia, five more in Ontario and the Western Arctic riding of the Northwest Territories.
Conservative minority.
The Conservatives won a minority government in the 2006 election, and initially the NDP was the only party that would not be able to pass legislation with the Conservatives. However, following a series of floor crossings, the NDP also came to hold the balance of power.
The NDP voted against the government in all four confidence votes in the 39th parliament, the only party to do so. These were votes on the United States-Canada softwood lumber dispute, extending the mission to Afghanistan, the 2006 Canadian federal budget and 2007 federal budget. However, it worked with the Conservatives on other issues. After forcing the Conservatives to agree to certain revisions, the NDP helped pass the Accountability Act. After the NDP fiercely criticized the initial Conservative attempt at a Clean Air Act, the Conservatives agreed to work with the NDP and other parties to revise the legislation. The NDP also supported the government in introducing regulations on income trusts, fearing that trends toward mass trust conversions by large corporations to avoid Canadian income taxes would cause the loss of billions of dollars in budget revenue to support health care, pensions and other federal programs. At the same time, the NDP was also wary of the threat of investor losses from income trusts' exaggerated performance expectations.
Since that election, the NDP caucus rose to 30 members following the victory of NDP candidate Thomas Mulcair in a by-election in Outremont. This marked the second time ever (and first time in seventeen years) that the NDP won a riding in Quebec. The party won 37 seats in the 2008 federal election, the best performance since the 1988 federal election total of 43.
Official Opposition, death of Jack Layton.
In the 2011 federal election the NDP won a record 103 seats, becoming the Official Opposition for the first time in the party's history.
The party had a historic breakthrough in Quebec, where they won 59 out of 75 seats. This meant that a majority of the party's MPs now came from a province where they had previously only ever elected two candidates in the party's history (Thomas Mulcair and Phil Edmonston, and not concurrently) and had not been fully organized since 1990 (see below). The NDP's success in Quebec was mirrored by the collapse of the Bloc Québécois, which lost all but four of its 47 seats.
Jack Layton's performance on the French-language talk show "Tout le monde en parle" on April 3 was credited for improving his party's standing among francophone voters; it is the most widely watched TV show in Quebec. He was also perceived to have performed well in the televised French-language party leaders' debate on April 13.
The NDP held or won seats in every province but Saskatchewan and Prince Edward Island, and also held the Western Arctic riding coextensive with the Northwest Territories. It got more than the 10% threshold required for reimbursement of campaign expenses in all but two ridings in the country, an unprecedented result for it.
In July 2011, Layton announced that he was suffering from a new cancer and would take a leave of absence, initially projected to last until the resumption of Parliament in September. He would retain his position of NDP Leader and Leader of the Opposition. The party confirmed his suggestion of Hull—Aylmer MP Nycole Turmel to carry out the functions of party leader in his absence. Layton died from his cancer on August 22, 2011. In his final letter, Layton called for a leadership election to be held in early 2012 to choose his successor, which was held on March 24, 2012, and elected new leader Thomas Mulcair.
Provincial and territorial wings.
Unlike most other Canadian parties, the NDP is integrated with its provincial and territorial parties. Membership lists are maintained by the provinces and territories. Being a member of a provincial or territorial section of the NDP includes automatic membership in the federal party. This precludes a person from supporting different parties at the federal and provincial levels. A key example of this was Buzz Hargrove's expulsion by the Ontario New Democratic Party after he backed Liberal leader Paul Martin in the 2006 federal election.
There are three exceptions: Nunavut, the Northwest Territories, and Quebec. In Nunavut and in the Northwest Territories, whose territorial legislatures have non-partisan consensus governments, the federal NDP is promoted by its riding associations, since each territory is composed of only one federal riding.
In Quebec, the New Democratic Party of Quebec and the federal NDP agreed in 1989 to sever their structural ties after the Quebec party adopted the sovereigntist platform. Since then, the federal NDP is not integrated with a provincial party in that province; instead, it has a section, the Nouveau Parti démocratique-Section Québec/New Democratic Party Quebec Section, whose activities in the province are limited to the federal level, whereas on the provincial level its members are individually free to support or adhere to any party. However, following the 2011 election, it was announced the NDP planned on recreating a provincial party in Quebec in time for the 41st Quebec general election.
From 1963 to 1994 there was a New Democratic Party of Quebec, which split from the party over issues of Quebec sovereignty and after several mergers with other left-wing parties formed Québec solidaire in 2006.
The most successful provincial section of the party has been the Saskatchewan New Democratic Party, which first came to power in 1944 as the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation under Tommy Douglas and has won most of the province's elections since then. In Canada, Tommy Douglas is often cited as the Father of Medicare since, as Saskatchewan Premier, he introduced Canada's first publicly funded, universal healthcare system to the province. Despite the continued success of the Saskatchewan branch of the party, the NDP was shut out of Saskatchewan in the 2004 federal election for the first time since the 1965 election, a result which was repeated in 2006, 2008 and 2011. The New Democratic Party has also formed government in Manitoba, British Columbia, Nova Scotia, Ontario and in Yukon.
Current members of Parliament.
The 2011 federal election gave the NDP 103 seats. Following the death of Jack Layton and the defection of Saint-Maurice—Champlain MP Lise St-Denis to the Liberal Party, they were reduced to 101; Craig Scott's victory in the by-election to succeed Layton brought the party caucus back to 102 members, but they returned to 101 with the decision of Thunder Bay—Superior North MP Bruce Hyer to sit as an independent. On February 28, 2013, Claude Patry of Jonquière—Alma defected over to the Bloc Québécois bringing the number of seats held to 100 members. 
Only two NDP incumbents who ran for re-election were defeated: Jim Maloway in Elmwood—Transcona (MB), and Tony Martin in Sault Ste. Marie (ON). Bill Siksay in Burnaby—Douglas (BC) chose not to run again, but Kennedy Stewart retained the seat for the NDP.
For a list of NDP MPs and their critic portfolios, see New Democratic Party Shadow Cabinet.
Federal election results 1962–present.
Highest values are bolded

</doc>
<doc id="19283988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283988" title="Xəlfələr">
Xəlfələr

Xəlfələr or Khalfalar or Khal’fyalyar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19283992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283992" title="Attila Sánta">
Attila Sánta

Attila Sánta (born 22 August 1988 in Kalocsa) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Győri ETO FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19283993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283993" title="Marcia Overstrand">
Marcia Overstrand

Marcia Overstrand is a fictional character in the "Septimus Heap" series by Angie Sage. She is the current ExtraOrdinary Wizard and an extremely powerful one at that. She has Septimus as her Apprentice for the next seven years.
Description.
Marcia is described as a tall woman with the characteristic green eyes of the Wizards. She has long dark curly hair. Marcia wears a deep purple tunic, held at the waist by her ExtraOrdinary Wizard belt. She wears a purple cloak around her which is a part of her Magyk. Around her neck is the Akhu Amulet of Hotep-Ra, the source of power for ExtraOrdinary Wizards. She wears a pair of pointy purple python skin boots made specially for her by Terry Tarsal, the shoe maker. She has an aura of Magyk around her and people are fascinated as well as extremely scared by her as Marcia, though she doesn't know it, can scare people very easily.
Development.
According to author Angie Sage, the character of Septimus Heap was in her mind from a long time, but it was not until the character of Marcia Overstrand was developed and appeared on the scene that everything in the series came up together. The bossiness of Marcia is what inspired her to continue writing the series and she was able to develop everything in the Septimus Heap world.
In the Story.
How she became ExtraOrdinary Wizard.
Marcia Overstrand has always been ambitious. Ever since she was a child she wanted to be ExtraOrdinary Wizard. Though her peers settled for being apprentice to Ordinary Wizards, Marcia made sure that she became the Apprentice to the then ExtraOrdinary Wizard, Alther Mella. Marcia learned a lot from Alther who was an extremely patient teacher and a good wizard. When Marcia completed her final wizard examination, the heir to the Castle was born to the Queen. Marcia and Alther went to the Palace to congratulate the Queen. But the Queen and Alther were murdered by an assassin. Marcia was able to protect the Princess and herself. Alther gave her the Akhu Amulet before dying and she became the ExtraOrdinary wizard. Marcia, in order to hide the princess, gave her to fellow Wizard Silas Heap, who raised her as his own daughter Jenna. His own son Septimus apparently died that same day after his birth.
Afterwards in the novels.
In the first novel "Magyk", when Jenna is 10 years and is discovered Marcia takes Jenna and escapes, assisted by Silas, his son Nicko and a mysterious Young Army boy called Boy 412. Marcia does a "Projection" while escaping to Marram Marshes to fend off the Hunters. At Zelda's cottage Marcia learns that the Necromancer DomDaniel has taken over the Wizard Tower. She wants to take revenge but Alther's ghost warns her. While teaching the kids about Magyk, she learns that Boy 412 has immense Magykal powers. Marcia asks him to be her apprentice, but Boy 412 refuses. One day, Marcia receives a message from Silas and goes back to the Castle, but it was a trap and she gets caught by DomDaniel's guards. He throws her in Dungeon Number One and takes away her amulet which drains all her powers. Boy 412, assisted by Jenna and Nicko, come aboard DomDaniel's ship and a fight ensues which resulted in Marcia taking back her amulet and escaping on the Dragon Boat. Later DomDaniel "Consumes" his own apprentice and through trickery tries to steal the amulet again, but this time Marcia destroys him completely. Boy 412 accepts her apprenticeship, and Marcia comes to know that he is the real Septimus Heap.
After Septimus becomes her apprentice, Marcia comes back to the Wizard Tower in "Flyte". She gets rid of all the Darkenesse left by DomDaniel but cannot get rid of a shadow which keeps trailing her. She decides to build a "ShadowSafe". With Jenna getting kidnapped and Septimus on her search, Marcia decides to eliminate the shadow completely. But the eldest Heap son, Simon, jealous of the apprenticeship bestowed to Septimus, made a "Placement" on her by placing DomDaniel's bones inside the shadow safe's parts. In the finale, DomDaniel's bones gets reassembled and tries to kill Marcia, but Septimus realizes this and helps Marcia in Identifying the bones and thus destroys DomDaniel again. Marcia gets Simon arrested.
In "Physik", Marcia comes to learn that Septimus has been sent back in time by getting pulled through a magykal looking glass in the Queen's Room by Marcellus Pye. In the meantime, an evil Queen Etheldredda's spirit (who sent back Septimus) gets released by Silas Heap when he unseals her portrait and wreaks havoc on the Castle. Marcia does all she can to get back Septimus and stop a sicknesse from spreading but nothing seems to work. Jenna, Nicko and Snorri go back in time and bring back Septimus, but sadly Nicko and Snorri get trapped in that time. When Septimus gets back he and Marcia create an antidote for the sicknesse by using what he learned from Marcellus. Marcia, on learning Etheldredda's evil plan to kill Jenna so she can be queen forever, decides to destroy her. She makes a huge BoneFyre out of Septimus' pet dragon Spit Fyre's fire and through strong magic, pulls Etheldredda's spirit to the fire and destroys her forever. She is also able to destroy Etheldredda's pet called Aie-Aie which was responsible for the "Sickenesse" that was going around. 
Marcia, in order to control Septimus' moves, takes away his "Flyte Charm" and locks it. Tertius Fume, an ancient evil ghost, calls for the legendary drawing of the "Queste" stone. Marcia prevents this by helping Septimus escape, assisted by Jenna and his friend Beetle, who discovers that going to the House of Foryx will enable them to find Nicko and Snorri. He also realizes that going there is actually the "Queste". Marcia tries to find him through her magic and even enlists Simon's help through his tracker ball, Sleuth. But all hope seems failing when Septimus communicates to her his whereabouts by writing on a twin of Marcia's door. She takes Sarah Heap and goes on the Septimus' dragon to the House of Foryx, where she bangs on the door, ignoring the door bell, and immediately Septimus - followed by the others - come out and all are able to go back in their own time.
In "Syren" Marcia promotes Septimus to Senior Apprentice because he was the first to complete and come back alive from his Queste. Septimus immediately jumps at the chance to take leave meet up with Jenna, Nicko, and Snorri (who stayed behind across the sea with Milo Banda), and Marcia reluctantly lets him do so. Marcia doesn't have a huge role in the rest of the book, until the end when Tertius Fume attempts to murder her with an army of warrior jinnee stolen from Milo. Luckily, Septimus has his own jinnee - Jim Knee - freeze the whole army, and Marcia is saved.
Character Speciality.
Magykal power.
Marcia is an extremely powerful wizard. She can perform any kind of magyk and is extremely perfect at that. She is able to create a fog as well as do a "projection" at the same time, which even Silas (who generally doesn't approve of Marcia) admires. She is even adept at little Physik, as when she was able to cure Septimus' spider bite with a little dark magic in "Flyte". Marcia dispels DomDaniel a number of times as when the Necromancer tries to usurp her position. Marcia destroys the evil spirit of Queen Etheldredda by burning her in a Bonefire out of Spit Fyre's fire in "Physik". She can "transport" freely from one place to another like she did in "Magyk" or "Queste". She is adept at day to day needy magyks like cleaning, transfiguration etc. as is shown countless times in the series. Like when she modifies Zelda's desk by adding hands to it in "Magyk" or cleaning up the scribes mess in a trifle in "Queste". She knows how to dispel darke unruly magic like a "placement" and escapes from it in "Flyte". She has shown to be knowledgeable in disabling magyk such as restrain, silence and freeze.
Other traits, possessions and likes.
Marcia is generally a very short tempered and impatient woman. Her temper is what scares people the most about her. At the same time she is very ambitious and knowledgeable. She loves Septimus and Jenna dearly and shows her soft side many times. Although it seems that she and Silas are constantly bickering, they do respect each other. But Marcia cannot keep patience with Sarah or Septimus' pet Spit Fyre, Silas' pet wolf Maxie or the manuscriptorium chief scribe Jillie Djinn. She is on good terms with the ghost of her mentor Alther and still seeks his knowledge and help. She hates Aunt Zelda's cabbage sandwiches. In "Queste" she decided to be patient with Marcellus Pye although she disapproves of him, as he could have helped her find Septimus. Among Marcia's dearest possessions are her purple python skin boots which she has stockpiled after her favorite ones were ruined in events from "Magyk".
Reception.
The character has received widespread popul - dignified, a little haughty, very powerful, and sometimes overly concerned about how her clothes look. Her character was enjoyed for being very fashionable.

</doc>
<doc id="19284004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284004" title="F63">
F63

F63 or F.63 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19284033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284033" title="CRM-Fields-PIMS prize">
CRM-Fields-PIMS prize

The CRM-Fields-PIMS Prize is a Canadian award in the mathematical sciences. It is given annually by three Canadian mathematics institutes: the Centre de Recherches Mathématiques (CRM), the Fields Institute, and the Pacific Institute for the Mathematical Sciences (PIMS).
The prize was established in 1994 by the CRM and the Fields Institute as the CRM-Fields Prize. The prize took its current name when PIMS became a partner in 2005.
The prize carries a monetary award of $10,000, funded jointly by the three institutes. The prize winners have often gone on to win other prizes. The inaugural prize winner was H.S.M. Coxeter. Other prominent prize winners include Stephen Cook and William Thomas Tutte. The prize is usually given to individuals with the exception of 2003 when it was given jointly to John McKay and Edwin Perkins.

</doc>
<doc id="19284036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284036" title="Tony Abbott (governor)">
Tony Abbott (governor)

Anthony John "Tony" Abbott, CMG, OBE (born 9 September 1941) is a British diplomat, who served as Governor of Montserrat from 1997 to 2001.
Abbott was born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester in 1941, and joined the British diplomatic service in 1959. He was a vice consul in Iran and Finland in the 1960s, then returned to the UK where he was press officer for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office from 1969 to 1972. He then served as a passport officer in Zambia and a consul in Chile, then joined the secretariat of the President of the European Commission. In 1981 he was seconded to the British Overseas Trade Board, then in 1983 was First Secretary and later Deputy High Commissioner at the British High Commission in Calcutta, India. In 1991, he was part of the EC Monitoring Missions in Croatia and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
After returning the UK again, he worked in the training department of the FCO, then spent four years as consul-general in Perth, Western Australia. In 1997, he was sworn in as Governor of Montserrat, as which he served until 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19284041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284041" title="F64">
F64

F64 or f/64 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19284067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284067" title="Yuko Maruyama">
Yuko Maruyama

Yuko Maruyama (丸山裕子 "Maruyama Yuko", born September 17, 1989) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for NEC Red Rockets.

</doc>
<doc id="19284068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284068" title="Leonard Dommett">
Leonard Dommett

Leonard Bertram Dommett OBE (21 December 192811 April 2006) was an Australian violinist, conductor and teacher.
Biography.
Leonard Dommett was born in Toowoomba, Queensland, where his father ran a general store. His grandparents had performed professionally in concerts and summer entertainments in the beach towns of southern England, at which Charlie Chaplin had once performed as a guest artist. He had four talented siblings: one brother played bassoon and saxophone; another became an actor; a sister was a pianist and she and Leonard often played together; and another sister was an actress.
He first handled a violin at age 4. At age 14 he won the 1942 Queensland Eisteddfod Championship in violin playing. He was offered a scholarship to Trinity College at the London School of Music, but World War II prevented him accepting it. Instead, he went to the Conservatorium of Music at the University of Melbourne, where the pianist Max Cooke became one of his closest friends.
In 1949, Marie Rambert brought her ballet to Australia, and she appointed Dommett as a solo violinist. He passed his first test, accompanying a ballet set to Ernest Chausson's "Poème". Rambert was so impressed that she made him her concert master, and later her conductor. He moved with the company to New Zealand and then to London. There he played with the London Symphony, London Philharmonic and Royal Philharmonic orchestras. He became assistant conductor at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden.
He returned to Australia in 1953, and played with the Queensland and Sydney symphony orchestras. In 1961 he became leader and later deputy conductor of the South Australian Symphony Orchestra. In 1965 he became concertmaster of the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra (MSO), and later assistant conductor. He intermittently played with the London orchestras, but essentially remained in Melbourne till 1980. At a concert in Munich, Germany he received a standing ovation after playing the Violin Concerto by Felix Werder. 
After retirement from the MSO, he taught at the Canberra School of Music for the next two decades. Later he was music master and conductor at St Margaret's Girls School in Brisbane, where they performed Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons" and Fauré's "Requiem" under his direction.
Eight composers wrote violin concertos for Leonard Dommett. He did a great deal of recording, including 56 concertos, and a disc of Mozart violin sonatas with Max Cooke. He conducted the London Philharmonic Orchestra in the premiere recording of Malcolm Williamson's Piano Concerto No. 3, with the composer as soloist.
Personal.
In 1954 he married Wanda Jones, and they had two children. 
In 1977 he married Elizabeth Curnow née Taylor. 
In 1992 he married Ann Dolan and acquired two stepsons. They moved to Bribie Island, where he played regularly in the local church, and where he died, aged 77, on 11 April 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19284073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284073" title="Meresankh III">
Meresankh III

Queen Meresankh III was the daughter of Hetepheres II and Prince Kawab and a granddaughter of the Egyptian pharaoh Khufu. She was the wife of King Khafre.
History.
Her parents were brother and sister. She married the pharaoh Khafra of the Fourth dynasty of Egypt and bore him four sons: Nebemakhet, Niuserre, Khenterka and Duaenre as well as a daughter named Shepsetkau. She held the royal titles of "King's Daughter" and "King's Wife, Great of Scepter". 
When she died some time shortly after the reign of Khafra, Meresankh was buried in an extensively decorated mastaba tomb at Giza along with a rock-cut chapel (G7530-5440). Inscriptions on the tomb provide both the time of her death and the date for her funeral, which followed some 272 days after her death. She apparently died during the first regnal year of an unnamed king, possibly the pharaoh Menkaure. 
This tomb was originally planned for her mother Hetepheres II, but she instead donated it for her daughter's use—which suggests that Meresankh's death was sudden and unexpected. Hetepheres also provided her daughter with a black granite sarcophagus decorated with palace facades for Meresankh's burial. 
Her tomb was discovered by archeologist George Reisner on April 23, 1927, with subsequent excavations undertaken by his team on behalf of Harvard University and the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.
Her sarcophagus and skeleton are today located in the Cairo Museum; the latter reveals that she was 1.54 metres (5'1") tall and between 50–55 years at her death. The tomb also contained a set of the earliest known canopic jars. A limestone statue depicting Queen Hetepheres embracing her late daughter Meresankh was found in her tomb and is today located in the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.
Meresankh III's Children.
The children of Meresankh and Khafre include:

</doc>
<doc id="19284081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284081" title="Taking Back Sunday (album)">
Taking Back Sunday (album)

Taking Back Sunday is the eponymous album released through Warner Bros. Records on June 28, 2011. Produced by Eric Valentine. It is the band's first record with John Nolan and Shaun Cooper since "Tell All Your Friends" in 2002.
Background.
On April 12, 2010, the "Tell All Your Friends" line-up of the band officially reunited, and announced plans to record a new album with "Louder Now" producer Eric Valentine.
Pre-production on the album began on August 17, 2010, in El Paso, Texas. Recording began in September 2010, with the band announcing several working titles at the time: ""Sad Saviour"", ""Don't Lose Faith in Me"", ""You Were Right"", ""Money"", ""Best Places to Be a Mom"" and ""El Paso"", which was described by Adam Lazzara as the heaviest rock track the band has ever written.
On November 16, 2010, Adam Lazzara has uploaded a demo version of "Best Places to Be a Mom" to his Soundcloud page. Around the same time, the band started performing the song live. On December 20, 2010, the band released a Christmas song entitled ""Merry Christmas I Missed You So Much"", with no word if the song is set to be a part of the upcoming album or not.
On January 10, 2011, the band has announced that recording was officially finished, and that the album is now in the mixing stage. On March 3, 2011, guitarist Eddie Reyes has revealed that 11 tracks are set to appear on the new album and that mixing was finished on 10 of the 11 songs already.
On March 10, 2011, it was announced that mastering of the album was finished. On March 28, 2011, the band released a new song entitled ""El Paso"" on their Youtube page. The lyric video for the song has revealed that the album will be self-titled and will be released in the summer of 2011. On March 30, 2011, Absolutepunk.net confirmed that the release date of the eponymous album would be on June 28, 2011.
On April 6, 2011, the band performed a special show at Maxwell's in Hoboken, New Jersey where they recorded footage for the upcoming music video for ""El Paso"", as well as debuting live a new song entitled ""Faith (When I Let You Down)"" (originally titled ""Don't Lose Faith in Me"").
The album version of ""Best Places to Be a Mom"" was made available for download through the "Tsunami Relief: Download to Donate" compilation with a donation of $10 or more.
On April 21, 2011, the band premiered the music video for ""El Paso"", directed by Thursday guitarist Steve Pedulla.
On May 3, 2011, the band released the first official single from the album - ""Faith (When I Let You Down)"", a song which the band debuted live already on the Hoboken, NJ show on April 6. The song was originally leaked online on April 29.
On June 21, 2011, the entire album was made available to stream for their BandPage app on their Facebook page. The day the album was made available to stream, they stated "Today is the day. Stay here for a bit won't you?". Every track was added by the hour as the day passed on.
On June 22, 2011, on the their official website, they posted new photos of the band currently working on a new music video for ""Faith (When I Let You Down)"". On June 23, the day after the release of the photos, the band posted an update on their Facebook page that they had "newly refreshed" their official website, along with a link to the Hot Topic website for a sneak peek behind the scenes footage for their new music video.
On July 1, 2011, the band played an acoustic Livestream performance for Warner Bros. Records Summer Sessions.
On July 8, 2011, Taking Back Sunday released the video for "Faith (When I Let You Down)". It shows man, dressed in a big cat walking the streets. And at the end of the video the cat comes to the room, when Taking Back Sunday sang.
On November 7, 2011, Taking Back Sunday released the video for the UK single "You Got Me", which featured guitarist Eddie Reyes dancing on an empty stage.
On March 19, 2012, Taking Back Sunday released the video for their second single "This Is All Now".
Reformation and production.
When Taking Back Sunday confirmed the return of the Tell All Your Friends members, John Nolan and Shaun Cooper, Adam Lazzara told MTV News in an interview, "Well, having John and Shaun back in the band has nothing to do with any of the old records -- it has everything to do with being happy and what's good for the group's dynamics," he said, adding "because if things kept going the way they were going, there wouldn't have been another record at all."
Dwelling upon the reformation of the two, he also stumbled upon telling of Fazzi and Rubano. "Every person you encounter in your life, you learn a little something different from them, and I think that's a cool thing. I had an opportunity to share this big part of me with these two guys, and they were both amazing," he said. "Fazzi turned me to a lot of different bands and he exposed me to a lot of new ideas. Rubano was one of the best bass players that I've ever seen. With him, a lot of times, I remember getting lost in what he was playing. Just thinking about the conversation we had, it makes my stomach knot up ... but it got to the point where the bad times started to outweigh the good." He then went on to tell of Cooper and Nolan reforming with the band. Explaining what Mark had in mind for the future of the band, and past tensions of Nolan and Lazzara. "Mark had some crazy ideas, and sometimes they're dead on. And one day he called me and was like, 'Hey, man, what do you think about us going back to our original lineup?' And I was like, 'Are you crazy? I haven't talked to John in, like, seven years. I don't know if he'd want to do it,' " Lazzara said. "But he kept bringing it up, and then I got a call from John, and when he called, it felt like no time had passed. It felt like we had just talked a few days ago. We didn't start off talking about making music together — we were getting reacquainted with what had been going on in our lives. Because for me, I genuinely missed his friendship, and same with Shaun." He then added, "So when it started, it was more like I was happy to have this person back in my life. And then as those conversations went on, we started to send music back and forth ... and we were realistic about it. We both thought, 'There's a great chance this might not work,' " he continued. "But then it got to the point where we were like, 'Oh, man, I think this could work.' So we got together down in Texas, right near Juarez, Mexico, and right when we walked into that room and strapped instruments on, and the songs were just there. And what would typically take Taking Back Sunday six months to do we did in a week."
When on the road for a quite a while, the band had confirmed that they will be back in the studio to record what has become an eponymous alternative rock album. Produced by Eric Valentine.
"El Paso", the first track of the album was as Adam has said to be, "probably the most heaviest rock song we've ever written." adding "Once we got done with it, we ended up listening to it 15 or 16 times in a row, and were all kind of like, 'Holy shit'", he says. "When everybody's like 'Holy shit' about something, you're onto something. It's a total motorcycle-raging-down-the-highway kind of song."
"Sad Savior", the fourth track of the album, results in emotional, '50s-style, loose guitar work from Nolan, which is all the foundation for the song. It "gets really dirty" at the end, Lazzara says. "It's something that we've never done before, and I'm really proud of it," the singer explains. "There's a big thing I missed about John's guitar playing, especially coupled with Eddie."
"Money" which is later called "Money (Let It Go)", the sixth track off the album, which Nolan plays a major role for, "It really has this James Bond, kind of spy/surf-y vibe," says Lazzara. "It's really fuzzy, and John has a really cool surf-y solo"
"Don't Lose Your Faith In Me", which is later called "Faith (When I Let You Down)", marries a "huge, punishing" chorus with a gentler verse, what Lazzara feels for the song is a "roller coaster" to the vocalist.
"We haven't had a self-titled album, and going back to the original line-up, it seems appropriate," says Lazzara. "But who knows by the end of the recording process." The band had leaned forward to the name of the album to be self-titled and decided upon it.
Limited edition.
On April 13, 2011, the band revealed the artwork and track listing's for the album. After this, the band then offered special pre-order limited edition bundles of the album; containing 3 "El Paso" session demo tracks and 3 "Eric Valentine" session demo tracks, with commentary tracks as well; the bundle also contained individual poster sleeves with handwritten lyrics written by Adam Lazzara.
Reception.
Since its release, the album has received a score of 77 out of 100 from Metacritic based on 7 "generally favorable reviews". IGN has given it a score of 8.5 out of ten and said that the album "takes the harder edge of their last album and molds it into something they, and their fans, should be much happier with."
Touring.
Taking Back Sunday had gone on tour with the bands Thursday, Colour Revolt, and The New Regime. PureVolume had teamed up with Taking Back Sunday and Thursday for an official tour sampler.
The band had also released tour merchandise, along with an original sale of their album "Taking Back Sunday".
Throughout the previous summer tour, the band had also played this year's Summerfest in Milwaukee with Rise Against, Ben Harper, and Blue Öyster Cult.
The band will also be playing on this year's Reading and Leeds Festivals in the UK with the bands Muse, The Strokes and My Chemical Romance. Also this year's Independent Days Festival with the bands The Offspring, Simple Plan and No Use for a Name.
Taking Back Sunday ended their summer tour in Cologne, Germany on September 7, 2011 at Burgerhaus Stollwerck.
Taking Back Sunday had announced a Fall Tour with the bands The Maine and Bad Rabbits. The tour went on from October 1 to November 3.
Personnel.
Production Credits:
Further reading.
Billboard.com reported that Taking Back Sunday might do another follow-up album to the eponymous album. "We're constantly writing with one another, the whole time we'll be working on new material, too. This is where everybody's head is at; it's not like, 'Oh, we're getting back together and doing a reunion record.' It's not anything like that. We're definitely moving forward and into the future." Lazzara also explains how the reformation of the band was more positive and more cooperative. "Everybody's kind of grown up a lot. Compared to back then, we're all really comfortable with our abilities...There's a lot more trust and everybody's working more as a unit, whereas in the past I wouldn't ever really lean on any of the other guys for help with anything. On this record we were all kind of leaning on one another, and that's really important if you're working with five people." The band plans on also kicking off another tour, hopefully this year in the fall.
In February 2013, Taking Back Sunday had revealed that they were writing new material for a follow-up to their 2011 self-titled release in a "secret mountain house".
On June 7, 2013, Taking Back Sunday took to Twitter to confirm the recording of a follow-up to their self-titled 2011 album release had begun. They tweeted: "Phase one of recording the new record starts now... Happy Friday!"

</doc>
<doc id="19284094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284094" title="Vääpeli">
Vääpeli

Vääpeli (Fältväbel in Swedish) is a Finnish and former Swedish Non-commissioned officer military rank above Ylikersantti (Översergeant) and below Ylivääpeli (Överfältväbel). The rank is derived from the German rank Feldwebel and was used as a rank in the Landsknecht (15th and 16th century) for the one who was responsible for aligning troops during battle.
Yksikön vääpeli.
Vääpeli may also refer to a position of "yksikön vääpeli ("vääpeli of the unit"," commonly ""komppanian vääpeli", "vääpeli of the company")", a position comparable to First Sergeant of US. armed forces or Company Sergeant Major of the Commonwealth countries' armed forces except when it comes to the rank of person holding the position, which in Finnish Defence Force may be either commissioned or non-commissioned officer while in USA and Commonwealth countries equal position is always held by an NCO, in company's (or battery's) chain of command "yksikön vääpeli" is second to company commander only and thereby above all the other commissioned and non-commissioned officers in company even if they outrank him/her. Usually the position is held by a lieutenant or a senior lieutenant, but it's not unheard of for a sergeant to hold the position of "yksikön vääpeli". The term "yksikköupseeri" (officer of the unit), although officially discontinued ever since July 2009, is still sometimes used for the same position, equivalent term for the artillery is "patteriupseeri ('officer of the battery', obsolete)" or "patterin vääpeli, vääpeli of the battery."

</doc>
<doc id="19284102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284102" title="Mohammed al-Abdari al-Hihi">
Mohammed al-Abdari al-Hihi

Abu Abdallah Mohammed ibn Mohammed ibn Ali ibn Ahmed ibn Masoud ibn Hajj al-Abdari al-Hihi (fl. ca. 1289) was a Moroccan travel writer. He was born in the Haha tribe or region in the south of Morocco. He is the author of "The Moroccan Journey" ("Al-Rihlah al-magribiyyah"), an account of his journey to Mecca in 1289, originally entitled "Rihlat al-Abdari" (al-Abdari's Journey). It was published by the Ministry of Education (ed. Muhammad al-Fasi, Rabat, 1968).)
External links.
For a biography see [http://web.archive.org/web/20091027100858/http://geocities.com/mutmainaa/people/muhammad_al_hajj.html] (retrieved September 11, 2008) N.B. This site mistakenly assumes that the two authors are the same.

</doc>
<doc id="19284103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284103" title="F66">
F66

F66 or F.66 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19284126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284126" title="Vicente Palmaroli">
Vicente Palmaroli

Vicente Palmaroli González (1834 in Zarzalejo, Madrid – 25 January 1896 in Madrid) was a Spanish painter dedicated mainly to historical gender.
Life.
His father was the Italian lithographer, Gaetano Palmaroli and he studied in San Fernando's Royal Academy. He later went to Rome in 1857 to complete his training, and he lived there until 1866. One year later, he went to the Paris World's Fair of 1867. He met Ernest Meissonier, who influenced his later works. 
He was academician in San Fernando's Royal Academy, and director in the Spanish Academy in Rome and Prado Museum (1894–1896).

</doc>
<doc id="19284131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284131" title="F68">
F68

F68 or F.68 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19284171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284171" title="Asazuke">
Asazuke

Because of its short preparation time, asazuke generally lacks the pungency created by other, more lengthy pickling methods but retains more of the fresh taste of the vegetable. Commonly used vegetables include daikon, hakusai, cucumbers, or eggplant. Asazuke is usually prepared by rubbing the cut vegetables with salt and placing in a sealed bag or other sealed container along with such items as sliced kombu or chili peppers. Instead of salt, asazuke can also be prepared with vinegar, nuka, or a pickling solution that is sold in stores. Sufficient pickling times range anywhere from 30 minutes to several hours. 
Asazuke has become a very popular method of pickling in Japanese households due to its ease of preparation.

</doc>
<doc id="19284205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284205" title="William Wintershall">
William Wintershall

William Wintershall (died July 1679), also Wintersall or Wintersell, was a noted seventeenth-century English actor. His career spanned the difficult years of mid-century, when English theatres were closed from 1642 to 1660, during the English Civil War and the Interregnum.
According to James Wright's "Historia Histrionica" (1699), Wintershall's career began in the final years of the period of English Renaissance theatre; he was likely a young member of Queen Henrietta's Men at the Salisbury Court Theatre in the 1637–42 years. During the theatre closure, 1642–60, Wintershall was one of the English actors who performed in Europe, mainly in The Hague and Paris, in the middle 1640s. Wintershall became involved in a lawsuit with fellow actor Andrew Cane in 1654. The suit involved a thirty-year-old debt of £40, between Richard Gunnell, builder of the Salisbury Court Theatre, and his actors, including Cane; Wintershall had married Gunnell's daughter Margaret in 1641 or 1642, so becoming involved in the dispute. (The outcome of the suit is not known). In 1659 Wintershall and a Henry Eaton paid a bond for a court appearance by Anthony Turner, who was in legal trouble for violating the prohibition against acting. (If Wintershall had been in Queen Henrietta's Men, Turner was a former colleague.)
Wintershall's stage career experienced a resurgence with the Restoration; he was one of the thirteen actors who were the original "sharers" (partners) in the King's Company under the management of Thomas Killigrew. Wintershall played a wide range of roles with the troupe, including:
The notes to Buckingham's play "The Rehearsal" (1671; printed 1672) describe Wintershall as "a most judicious actor, and the best instructor of others." John Downes, in his "Roscius Anglicanus" (1708), called Wintershall "good in Tragedy, as well as in Comedy..."

</doc>
<doc id="19284214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284214" title="Hāwea Conservation Park">
Hāwea Conservation Park

The Hāwea Conservation Park is a protected area in the South Island of New Zealand.
It was created in September 2008 from land that previously had a number of separate tenures. The majority of the land forming the park was public conservation land but some previously unallocated Crown land and land from the tenure review process also formed part of the park. The park covers an area of 105,000 hectares around the northern part of Lake Hāwea.
The Department of Conservation administers the land.

</doc>
<doc id="19284216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284216" title="Zarzalejo">
Zarzalejo

Zarzalejo is a village in the Community of Madrid in Sierra Oeste. It had 1,404 inhabitants in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19284250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284250" title="Balázs Sarus">
Balázs Sarus

Balázs Sarus (born 9 December 1988 in Győr) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Kecskeméti TE.

</doc>
<doc id="19284265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284265" title="UNCOK">
UNCOK

The UN Commission on Korea (UNCOK) was established in 1950, preceding the events of the Korean War. Many of the participating nations include those who participated in the United Nations Command.

</doc>
<doc id="19284276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284276" title="I Can't Believe It's Not Rock">
I Can't Believe It's Not Rock

"I Can't Believe It's Not Rock" is the self-titled debut EP, an experimental project consisting of Daniel Johns and Paul Mac. "I Can't Believe It's Not Rock" is an EP that happened by accident. 
It contains five songs that were written and recorded at home by Daniel Johns and Paul Mac entirely for their own amusement. Only when the tracks had been completed did the two musicians begin to contemplate sharing their work with other people. 
The two first met back in 1997 when Paul remixed Silverchair's "Freak". Later that year he appeared onstage with the band in Sydney as guest DJ and in 1998 he contributed keys to their album "Neon Ballroom". 
When Silverchair announced a break, the pair recorded a song called "Rain" in Paul's home studio. Daniel had already been working on the piece but Paul contributed a lot of additional dynamics to it.
Some months later Paul travelled to Newcastle to help Daniel install his eight track home studio. This time the pair created two songs together from scratch. The lilting "Home" was recorded completely live in one take with the multifaceted "Staging A Traffic Jam" evolving over a couple of days. As with "Rain", these tracks illustrate the disparate backgrounds of their creators. At the time these recordings were little more than an enjoyable experiment but in the weeks that followed the pair both realised that they were really happy with the fruits of their casual labour. They felt that they had hit upon a sound which was creatively different from anything either of them had achieved before. 
Consequently they got together one more time and recorded the mellow instrumental "3" and the hard edged "Take Her Out" - creating two even more extreme bookends for the evolving project. 
It was only then that Daniel and Paul had their first conversations about possibly releasing these five songs, somehow, some way, somewhere.
"When we were making this music we never thought anybody else would ever hear it. It was just stuff we were doing for ourselves", explains Paul Mac. "Once it was done though we liked how it had turned out so we started talking about releasing it even though, as the name suggests, it probably isn't what people expect from either of us." 
When both Johns and Mac signed to their manager's new record label, Eleven: a music company, the idea was hatched to release "I Can't Believe It's Not Rock" online. The five songs were streamed for free from the website icantbelieveitsnotrock.com and were also available to purchase for download. A very limited number of CD's are available through the Silverchair fan club, the LAS. 
The pair taped a guest appearance for the ABC TV program "Love Is A Four Letter Word" which aired in 2001. 
As for future recordings, Daniel Johns was quoted:
"We never actually intended to make this EP", explains Daniel Johns, "at the moment we don't intend to make another one either so maybe that means it's possible." 
Both are members of another project, The Dissociatives. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Daniel Johns and Paul Mac.

</doc>
<doc id="19284287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284287" title="Forrest Mars">
Forrest Mars

Forrest Mars may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19284299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284299" title="Buddy Fletcher">
Buddy Fletcher

Alphonse "Buddy" Fletcher, Jr. (born 1965) is a hedge fund manager and founder of the Fletcher Foundation. 
Fletcher began his career as a quantitative equity trader at Bear Stearns, and later worked at Kidder, Peabody & Co. Fletcher, who is African American, sued Kidder Peabody for racial discrimination. Although his racial discrimination claims were dismissed, he eventually won an arbitration award of US$1.26 million. Fletcher has also been involved in litigation centered on a dispute with the board of The Dakota building in Manhattan, New York.
In 1991, he founded Fletcher Asset Management. Fletcher's main fund, Fletcher International, may have been insolvent since 2008 and was declared bankrupt in 2012. Money from the fund was used to fund his brother's movie project according the bankruptcy court trustee. 
Early life and education.
Fletcher was raised in Waterford, Connecticut. His father Alphonse Sr. was a technician at the Electric Boat Corporation in Groton, a company that makes submarines. His mother Bettye, a long-time teacher and later a social worker, a dean, and school principal, received a Ph.D. in Education from Teachers College, Columbia University. Fletcher has two younger brothers.
He attended Harvard College where he received an A.B. degree as an applied mathematics major in 1987. He was elected first marshall (ceremonial position) of the 1987 class. He earned a Master's degree in Environmental Management from the Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies in 2004. 
Career.
After graduating from college in 1987, Fletcher began his career at Bear Stearns as a quantitative equity trader who capitalized on dividend-related arbitrage. He was recruited to Kidder Peabody as a trader in the equity trading group. 
Fletcher Asset Management.
After his tenure at Kidder Peabody, he founded Fletcher Asset Management. Fletcher Asset Management makes private investments in small-capitalization public companies. 
During Fletcher Asset Management's first four years, it traded with heavy leverage. His general strategy was trading public instruments for his own account and on behalf of clients, but he also made longer-term equity investments. He used hedges with both types of investments. He has also been involved in PIPE deals. His firm's trading activity at one time occasionally accounted for 5% of the volume on the New York Stock Exchange. In 1994, Fletcher surrendered his broker-dealer registration and became a registered investment adviser, which made managing money more convenient.
In July 2011, FIA Leveraged Fund, an investment vehicle managed by Fletcher Asset Management, was unable to meet a redemption request totaling $144 million by three Louisiana pension fund investors. In April 2012, the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands ruled that the fund was insolvent and ordered that it be wound up (liquidated). In June 2012, Fletcher International Ltd., the Bermuda-based "master fund" for the Fletcher funds, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in Manhattan. 
In November 2013, Richard J. Davis, the court-appointed Chapter 11 Trustee of Fletcher International Ltd. said that his investigation shows the Fletcher fund investors were victims of a fraud perpetrated by Alphonse Fletcher and others at Fletcher Asset Management which enabled them to divert investors funds for their own benefit and that the Fletcher International Ltd. fund and its feeder funds were likely insolvent as early as 2008.
Fund bankruptcy.
Fletcher's main fund, Fletcher International, filed for bankruptcy in 2012. A February 2014 article in The New York Times describes Alphonse "Buddy" Fletcher, Jr. as being the operator of, basically, a Ponzi scheme.
Litigation.
Alphonse Fletcher vs. Kidder Peabody.
In 1991, after having been employed as an equity trader at Kidder Peabody, Fletcher filed a lawsuit in New York state court for employment discrimination based on race. The New York Court of Appeals ruled that Fletcher's claim must be arbitrated. In a NYSE arbitration, Fletcher was awarded $1.26 million, and in a subsequent arbitration, the racial discrimation claim was dismissed.
Dakota lawsuit.
In February 2011, Fletcher filed a lawsuit against the Board of Directors of The Dakota co-op building in Manhattan, where he had lived since 1992. Among other things, he alleged defamation and unlawful discrimination. In March 2010, Fletcher had signed a contract to purchase another apartment at The Dakota, intending to combine it with his current apartment. The Dakota board said it rejected Fletcher's application based on the financial materials he provided in his application.
Fletcher Foundation and philanthropy.
In 1993, following the death of friend and advisor Reginald Lewis, Fletcher donated $1 million to the Reginald F. Lewis Memorial Endowment. The endowment had been created by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People after Lewis instructed his wife to bequeath $2 million to the organization.
In 1996, to commemorate the 100th anniversary of "Plessy v. Ferguson", , Fletcher endowed a University professorship at Harvard College. 
In 2004, Fletcher created the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor Fellowship program to financially support professors working to improve race relations at Harvard. Funded as part of the Fletcher Foundation, Henry Louis Gates, Jr. is the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor at Harvard.
Personal life.
In 2007, Alphonse Fletcher married Ellen Pao, then a partner at venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and, along with Fletcher, a Crown Fellow at the Aspen Institute. Fletcher has a daughter, Matilda Pao Fletcher.
Prior to his marriage to Pao, Fletcher was in a same-sex relationship with Hobart V. "Bo" Fowlkes Jr. for over 10 years.
Fletcher and his wife have lived in the St. Regis Residence in San Francisco. Fletcher also owns homes in The Dakota in New York City. He put his Cornwall, Connecticut home up for sale in August 2013.
Alphonse Fletcher's brother Geoffrey S. Fletcher is the first African American to win an Academy Award for screenwriting.

</doc>
<doc id="19284302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284302" title="Carlo Vidano">
Carlo Vidano

Carlo Vidano (1923, Caluso – 1989, Turin) was an Italian entomologist who specialised in Auchenorrhyncha.
Vidano attended the University of Turin, graduating from the Faculty of Agriculture in 1949. He was immediately appointed assistant professor to the chair of Agricultural Entomology in Turin. In 1968, he became a full professor of Apiculture.

</doc>
<doc id="19284303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284303" title="UNCURK">
UNCURK

The 1951 UN Commission for the Unification and Rehabilitation of Korea (UNCURK) occurred as part of the Korean War. Many of the participating nations include those who participated in the United Nations Command.
It was disbanded in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19284316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284316" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's Singles">
Wheelchair tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's Singles

The men's singles wheelchair tennis competition at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing was held from 8 September to 15 September at the Olympic Green Tennis Centre. The DecoTurf surface rendered the event a hardcourt competition.
Medalists.
Source: www.paralympic.org 
Seeds.
<ol start="1">
<li> '" (Champion, Gold Medalist)
<li> "(Final, Silver Medalist)
<li> "(Quarterfinals)
<li> "(Quarterfinals)
<li> "(Third Round)
<li> "(Semifinals, Bronze Medalist)
<li> "(Quarterfinals)
<li> "(Third Round)
<ol start="9">
<li> "(Quarterfinals)
<li> "(Third Round)
<li> "(Semifinals, Fourth Place)
<li> "(First Round)
<li> n/a
<li> " (Third Round)
<li> " (Third Round)
<li> "(SecondRound)
<li> "(Third Round)

</doc>
<doc id="19284333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284333" title="United Nations Command, Military Armistice Commission, Korea">
United Nations Command, Military Armistice Commission, Korea

The United Nations Command Military Armistice Commission (UNCMAC) was established in July 1953 at the end of the Korean War to supervise the Korean Armistice Agreement, and which has been operating ever since.
History.
Existing slow-moving talks towards an armistice were taken up by President-elect Dwight D. Eisenhower after he visited United Nations Command forces in Korea. His diplomacy, along with the threat of a nuclear confrontation and the death of Stalin, convinced North Korea and China to sign the armistice and exchange prisoners of war. Most United Nations troops were then withdrawn. There was no peace treaty, and Korea remains divided along the Military Demarcation Line near the 38th parallel.

</doc>
<doc id="19284335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284335" title="Joseph Bonnell">
Joseph Bonnell

Joseph Bonnell (August 4, 1802 – September 27, 1840) was a formally recognized hero of the Texas Revolution. He was a West Point graduate (Class of 1825) and a member of The Long Gray Line (a phrase used to describe all graduates and cadets of the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York). 
Formal recognition by Texas Legislature.
His heroism in support of the War for Texas Independence is acknowledged in Texas House of Representatives Resolution #615 "Paying tribute to the life of Lieutenant Joseph Bonnell, hero of the Texas Revolution, and commemorating the placement of a historical marker at his grave site", which was adopted on 3/17/2005 by the 79th Texas Legislature. The resolution reads in part: "...he successfully quelled an uprising...through a peaceful negotiation with Caddo Chief Cortes; his efforts helped enable General Sam Houston to focus the full strength of his army on defeating Mexican troops led by Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna at the famed Battle of San Jacinto, effectively securing the independence of the Republic of Texas."
1835 Caddo Indian Treaty.
Joseph Bonnell, First Lieutenant, 3rd Infantry Regiment, US Army, Fort Jesup, Louisiana, was an official witness to the US and Caddo Indian Treaty of July 1, 1835 in which the Caddo Indians sold all of their lands in the United States to the United States. Lieutenant Bonnell asked to read the treaty before the chiefs signed and was refused by the US Agent. After the signing, it was discovered that the US Agent had included a hidden provision by which associates of the US Agent were enriched. Lieutenant Bonnell gave a deposition for the benefit of the Caddos which ultimately reached the US Supreme Court in US v. Brooks, 51 US 445 (1850).
1835-1836 appointment and commission in Texas Army.
Bonnell’s integrity and character came to the attention of Major General Sam Houston of the Texas Army who asked Bonnell to be his Aide-de-Camp, an appointment approved by the government of Texas. Bonnell performed the duties of Aide by providing General Houston with a comprehensive report on how to organize and establish an army. General Houston recommended that Bonnell be commissioned as a Captain in the Regular Army of Texas, and this was done by the government of Texas.
Situation in March/April 1836.
In March and April 1836, during the “Runaway Scrape,” there were many reports of as many as 1,700 hostile Indians massing in East Texas. This threatened the security of General Houston’s Army and the settlers in Texas. On April 7, 1836, US Major General Edmund P. Gaines, then commander of the southwest military division of the United States at Fort Jesup, Louisiana, ordered Bonnell to go into East Texas by himself to quell the Indian uprising.
One tribal uprising - one infantry lieutenant.
Bonnell found the Indian villages empty except for women and children, the warriors having gone to the field. He finally located Caddo Chief Cortes and negotiated with him to have the warriors return to the villages in peace. Bonnell successfully completed his dangerous mission, which was of great benefit to General Houston and the Texas Army by allowing General Sam Houston to focus the full strength of his army on defeating Mexican troops led by Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna at the famed Battle of San Jacinto. Bonnell returned to Fort Jesup and wrote his report on April 20, 1836, the day before the Battle of San Jacinto.
Bonnell, Houston, and West Point graduates.
The sword carried by General Houston in the Battle of San Jacinto was given to him by his friend, Joseph Bonnell. Bonnell had been in West Point with Texas Army Lieutenant William S. Stilwell who was with the “Twin Sisters” artillery at the Battle of San Jacinto. Bonnell was also at West Point with Albert Sidney Johnston, who later became Commanding General of the Texas Army and Secretary of War of the Republic of Texas when the new capital was built in Austin. In August 1836, three months after the Battle of San Jacinto, Sam Houston, Joseph Bonnell, and Albert Sidney Johnston were all in Nacogdoches, Texas.
1840 - end of life.
Captain Joseph Bonnell, US Army, died on September 27, 1840 at the home of his brother in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Addendum.
It was Bonnell who discovered the plot of Manuel Flores to incite the tribes to war against Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19284336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284336" title="Economy of China">
Economy of China

The socialist market economy of China is the world's second largest economy by nominal GDP and by purchasing power parity after the United States. It is the world's fastest-growing major economy, with growth rates averaging 10% over the past 30 years.
China is also the largest exporter and second largest importer of goods in the world. China is the largest manufacturing economy in the world, outpacing its world rival in this category, the service-driven economy of the United States of America. ASEAN–China Free Trade Area came into effect on 1 January 2010. China-Switzerland FTA is China's first FTA with a major European economy. The economy of China is the fastest growing consumer market in the world.
On a per capita income basis, China ranked 87th by nominal GDP and 92nd by GDP (PPP) in 2012, according to the International Monetary Fund (IMF). The provinces in the coastal regions of China tend to be more industrialized, while regions in the hinterland are less developed. As China's economic importance has grown, so has attention to the structure and health of the economy. Xi Jinping’s Chinese Dream is described as achieving the “Two 100s”: the material goal of China becoming a “moderately well-off society” by 2021, the 100th anniversary of the Chinese Communist Party, and the modernization goal of China becoming a fully developed nation by 2049, the 100th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic.
The internationalization of the Chinese economy continues to affect the standardized economic forecast officially launched in China by the Purchasing Managers Index in 2005. At the start of the 2010s, China remained the sole Asian nation to have an economy above the $10-trillion mark (along with the United States and the European Union).
Most of China's economic growth is created from Special Economic Zones of the People's Republic of China that spread successful economic experiences to other areas. The development progress of China's infrastructure is documented in a 2009 report by KPMG.
History.
Maoist era.
By 1949, continuous foreign invasions, frequent revolutions and restorations, and civil wars had left the country with a fragile economy with little infrastructure. As Communist ascendancy seemed inevitable, almost all hard and foreign currency in China country were transported to Taiwan in 1948, making the war-time inflation even worse.
Since the formation of the People's Republic in 1949, an enormous effort was made towards creating economic growth and entire new industries were created. Tight control of budget and money supply reduced inflation by the end of 1950. Though most of it was done at the expense of suppressing the private sector of small to big businesses by the Three-anti/five-anti campaigns between 1951 to 1952. The campaigns were notorious for being anti-capitalist, and imposed charges that allowed the government to punish capitalists with severe fines.
In the beginning of the Communist party's rule, the leaders of the party had agreed that for a nation such as China, which did not have any heavy industry and minimal secondary production, capitalism is to be utilized to help the building of the "New China" and finally merged into communism.
The new government nationalized the country's banking system and brought all currency and credit under centralized control. It regulated prices by establishing trade associations and boosted government revenues by collecting agricultural taxes. By the mid-1950s, the communists had ruined the country's railroad and highway systems, barely brought the agricultural and industrial production to their prewar levels, by bringing the bulk of China's industry and commerce under the direct control of the state.
Meanwhile, in fulfillment of their revolutionary promise, China's communist leaders completed land reform within two years of coming to power, eliminating landlords and redistribute their land and other possessions to peasant households.
Mao tried in 1958 to push China's economy to new heights. Under his highly touted "Great Leap Forward", agricultural collectives were reorganized into enormous communes where men and women were assigned in military fashion to specific tasks. Peasants were told to stop relying on the family, and instead adopted a system of communal kitchens, mess halls, and nurseries.
Wages were calculated along the communist principle of "From each according to his ability, to each according to his need", and sideline production was banned as incipient capitalism. All Chinese citizens were urged to boost the country's steel production by establishing "backyard steel furnaces" to help overtake the West. The Great Leap Forward quickly revealed itself as a giant step backwards. Over-ambitious targets were set, falsified production figures were duly reported, and Chinese officials lived in an unreal world of miraculous production increases. By 1960, agricultural production in the countryside had slowed dangerously and large areas of China were gripped by a devastating famine.
For the next several years, China experienced a period of relative stability. Agricultural and industrial production returned to normal levels, and labor productivity began to rise. Then, in 1966, Mao proclaimed a Cultural Revolution to "put China back on track". Under orders to "Destroy the Four Olds" (old thoughts, culture, customs and habits), universities and schools closed their doors, and students, who became Mao's "Red Guards", were sent throughout the country to make revolution, beating and torturing anyone whose rank or political thinking offended. By 1969 the country had descended into anarchy, and factions of the Red Guards had begun to fight among themselves.
1978–1990.
Reforms began with Li Xiannian and Deng Xiaoping, Chinese leaders in the 80s. Unlike Mao, Deng and Li were pragmatic leaders, known less for their ideological commitment than for their slogan: "Who cares if a cat is black or white, as long as it catches the mice." Once they consolidated their power, they began to put their pragmatic policies to work, determined to bring China back from the devastation that the Cultural Revolution had wrought.
Since 1978, China began to make major reforms to its economy. The Chinese leadership adopted a pragmatic perspective on many political and socioeconomic problems, and quickly began to introduce aspects of a capitalist economic system. Political and social stability, economic productivity, and public and consumer welfare were considered paramount and indivisible. In these years, the government emphasized raising personal income and consumption and introducing new management systems to help increase productivity. The government also had focused on foreign trade as a major vehicle for economic growth.
In the 1980s, China tried to combine central planning with market-oriented reforms to increase productivity, living standards, and technological quality without exacerbating inflation, unemployment, and budget deficits. Reforms began in the agricultural, industrial, fiscal, financial, banking, price setting, and labor systems.
A decision was made in 1978 to permit foreign direct investment in several small "special economic zones" along the coast. The country lacked the legal infrastructure and knowledge of international practices to make this prospect attractive for many foreign businesses, however. In the early 1980s steps were taken to expand the number of areas that could accept foreign investment with a minimum of red tape, and related efforts were made to develop the legal and other infrastructures necessary to make this work well. This additional effort resulted in making 14 coastal cities and three coastal regions "open areas" for foreign investment.
All of these places provide favored tax treatment and other advantages for foreign investment. Laws on contracts, patents, and other matters of concern to foreign businesses were also passed in an effort to attract international capital to spur China's development. The largely bureaucratic nature of China's economy, however, posed a number of inherent problems for foreign firms that wanted to operate in the Chinese environment, and China gradually had to add more incentives to attract foreign capital.
Phase One: reform in the countryside.
After Mao Zedong came into power, China's vast peasantry was organized into communes, work brigades, and production teams. Procurement prices were too low to cover even production costs, and ceilings were set on the amount of grain that producers could keep for consumption. Deng allowed farmers to produce on their own and sanctioned the sale of surplus production and other cash crops in newly freed markets. State procurement prices were raised, and prices for many agricultural goods were left to the dictates of the market.
Beginning with the poor mountain areas of Anhui and then spreading across the country, Deng and his officials broke up the communes established by Mao and replaced them with a complicated system of leases that eventually brought effective land tenure back to the household level, even though ownership of land remained collective. The Household Responsibility System allowed peasants to lease land for a fixed period from the collective, provided they delivered to the collective a minimum quota of produce, usually basic grain. They could then sell any surplus they produced, either to the state at government procurement prices or on the newly free market. They were also permitted to retain any profits they might earn. Within a decade, grain production had grown by roughly 30%, and production of cotton, sugarcane, tobacco, and fruit had doubled.
Phase Two: rural industrialization and enterprise reform.
As the reforms fueled production increases that surprised even the reformers, the scale of change grew bolder, and by the mid-1980s, the party leadership had begun the more complicated and politically delicate task of transforming the country's system of central planning and state-owned enterprise. Prior to 1978, enterprises were almost all owned by the state in one form or another. At the top of each sector were the State-owned Enterprises (SOEs), answerable to the national government. Below these were other enterprises reporting to provincial, municipal, or county authorities. Private enterprises, meaning family-run shops, were not allowed until after 1978, and even then they were limited to seven employees.
China's SOEs were typical of large industrial firms in a centrally planned economy. They functioned not only as industrial units but also as social agencies, providing housing, daycare, education, and health care for the workers and their families. The largest enterprises included hundreds of thousands of employees, only a small proportion of whom were directly engaged in production.
The upshot of this system was that Chinese workers could expect both lifetime employment and an extensive, firm-based welfare system—the so-called "iron rice bowl". All welfare entitlements in this system were accounted for as costs of production and were deducted from revenues before the calculation of the profits that were to be remitted to the state. There was no national social security system because none was needed.
1990–2000.
In the 1990s, the Chinese economy continued to grow at a rapid pace, at 10.43%, accompanied by a rapidly increasing inflation, which reached over 20 percent in 1994.
The Asian financial crisis affected China at the margin, mainly through decreased foreign direct investment and a sharp drop in the growth of its exports. However, China had huge reserves, a currency that was not freely convertible, and capital inflows that consisted overwhelmingly of long-term investment. For these reasons it remained largely insulated from the regional crisis and its commitment not to devalue had been a major stabilizing factor for the region. However, China faced slowing growth and rising unemployment based on internal problems, including a financial system burdened by huge amounts of bad loans, and massive layoffs stemming from aggressive efforts to reform state-owned enterprises (SOEs).
Despite China's impressive economic development during the past two decades, reforming the state sector and modernizing the banking system remained major hurdles. Over half of China's state-owned enterprises were inefficient and reporting losses. During the 15th National Communist Party Congress that met in September 1997, President Jiang Zemin announced plans to sell, merge, or close the vast majority of SOEs in his call for increased "non-public ownership" ("feigongyou" or privatization.) The 9th National People's Congress endorsed the plans at its March 1998 session. In 2000, China claimed success in its three-year effort to make the majority of large state owned enterprises (SOEs) profitable.
2000–2010.
Following the Chinese Communist Party's Third Plenum, held in October 2003, Chinese legislators unveiled several proposed amendments to the state constitution. One of the most significant was a proposal to provide protection for private property rights. Legislators also indicated there would be a new emphasis on certain aspects of overall government economic policy, including efforts to reduce unemployment (now in the 8–10% range in urban areas), to rebalance income distribution between urban and rural regions, and to maintain economic growth while protecting the environment and improving social equity. The National People's Congress approved the amendments when it met in March 2004.
The Fifth Plenum in October 2005 approved the 11th Five-Year Economic Program (2006–2010) aimed at building a "socialist harmonious society" through more balanced wealth distribution and improved education, medical care, and social security. On March 2006, the National People's Congress approved the 11th Five-Year Program. The plan called for a relatively conservative 45% increase in GDP and a 20% reduction in energy intensity (energy consumption per unit of GDP) by 2010.
China's economy grew at an average rate of 10% per year during the period 1990–2004, the highest growth rate in the world. China's GDP grew 10.0% in 2003, 10.1%, in 2004, and even faster 10.4% in 2005 despite attempts by the government to cool the economy. China's total trade in 2010 surpassed $2.97 trillion, making China the world's second-largest trading nation after the U.S. Such high growth is necessary if China is to generate the 15 million jobs needed annually—roughly the size of Ecuador or Cambodia—to employ new entrants into the national job market.
On January 15, 2009, as confirmed by the World Bank the NBS published the revised figures for 2007 fiscal year in which growth happened at 13 percent instead of 11.9 percent (provisional figures). China's gross domestic product stood at US$3.38 trillion while Germany's GDP was USD $3.32 trillion for 2007. This made China the world's third largest economy by gross domestic product. Based on these figures, in 2007 China recorded its fastest growth since 1994 when the GDP grew by 13.1 percent.
China launched its Economic Stimulus Plan to specifically deal with the Global financial crisis of 2008–2009. It has primarily focused on increasing affordable housing, easing credit restrictions for mortgage and SMEs, lower taxes such as those on real estate sales and commodities, pumping more public investment into infrastructure development, such as the rail network, roads and ports. By the end of 2009 it appeared that the Chinese economy was showing signs of recovery. At the 2009 Economic Work Conference in December 'managing inflation expectations' was added to the list of economic objectives, suggesting a strong economic upturn and a desire to take steps to manage it.
2010–present.
By 2010 it was evident to outside observers such as "The New York Times" that China was poised to move from export dependency to development of an internal market. Wages were rapidly rising in all areas of the country and Chinese leaders were calling for an increased standard of living.
In 2010, China's GDP was valued at $5.87 trillion, surpassed Japan's $5.47 trillion, and became the world's second largest economy after the U.S. China could become the world's largest economy (by nominal GDP) sometime as early as 2020.
China is the largest creditor nation in the world and owns approximately 20.8% of all foreign-owned US Treasury securities.
The World Bank's chief economist Justin Lin in 2011 stated that China, which became the world's second largest economy in 2010, may become the world's largest economy in 2030, overtaking the United States, if current trends continue. Challenges include income inequality and pollution. The Standard Chartered Bank in a 2011 report suggested that China may become the world's largest economy in 2020.
A 2007 OECD report by Angus Maddison estimated that if using purchasing power parity conversions, then China will overtake the United States in 2015. China recently emerged as the sole nation in Asia to register a GDP figure above the $10-trillion mark, alongside the United States and the European Union. James Wolfensohn, former World Bank president, estimated in 2010 that by 2030 two-thirds of the world's middle class will live in China. The Director of the China Center for Economic Reform at Peking University Yao Yang in 2011 stated that "Assuming that the Chinese and U.S. economies grow, respectively, by 8% and 3% in real terms, that China's inflation rate is 3.6% and America's is 2% (the averages of the last decade), and that the renminbi appreciates against the dollar by 3% per year (the average of the last six years), China would become the world's largest economy by 2021. By that time, both countries' GDP will be about $24 trillion."
In 2011, the IMF warned that government controlled banks could be building up imbalances that could hamper growth and leave the system "severely impacted". In 2011, the IMF predicted that China's GDP (purchasing power parity adjusted) would overtake that of the United States in 2016. The state favours state-owned enterprises despite lower productivity; this crowds out competition, in a phenomenon known as Guo jin min tui.
From 2011 onward, however, China has been experiencing a slowing of its growth that throws all of the above calculations into doubt. Ray Dalio, founder of the world's largest hedge fund, told the Council of Foreign Relations that he foresaw Chinese GDP falling to 4-5% due to failure to switch successfully from the export-driven model to more consumption. However a 2012 Morgan Stanley found that official government statistics may be greatly undercounting the actual level of consumer consumption.
In 2012, Amnesty International reported that forced evictions that resulted from a construction boom caused by excessive stimulus spending were a serious threat to China's social and political stability.
Due to worsening pollution, the corruption and political uncertainties of the one-party state and the limited economic freedom in an economy dominated by large state-owned enterprises, many skilled professionals are either leaving the country or preparing safety nets for themselves abroad. In the decade up to 2014, 10 million Chinese emigrated to other countries, taking assets and their technical skills. Perceived corruption continued to grow worse in China as it dropped from 75th to 80th place in Transparency International's index of state corruption.
A law approved February 2013 will mandate a nationwide minimum wage at 40% average urban salaries to be phased in fully by 2015.
Government role.
Since 1949 the government, under socialist political and economic system, has been responsible for planning and managing the national economy. In the early 1950s, the foreign trade system was monopolized by the state. Nearly all the domestic enterprises were state-owned and the government had set the prices for key commodities, controlled the level and general distribution of investment funds, determined output targets for major enterprises and branches, allocated energy resources, set wage levels and employment targets, operated the wholesale and retail networks, and steered the financial policy and banking system. In the countryside from the mid-1950s, the government established cropping patterns, set the level of prices, and fixed output targets for all major crops.
Since 1978 when economic reforms were instituted, the government's role in the economy has lessened by a great degree. Industrial output by state enterprises slowly declined, although a few strategic industries, such as the aerospace industry have today remained predominantly state-owned. While the role of the government in managing the economy has been reduced and the role of both private enterprise and market forces increased, the government maintains a major role in the urban economy. With its policies on such issues as agricultural procurement the government also retains a major influence on rural sector performance. The State Constitution of 1982 specified that the state is to guide the country's economic development by making broad decisions on economic priorities and policies, and that the State Council, which exercises executive control, was to direct its subordinate bodies in preparing and implementing the national economic plan and the state budget. A major portion of the government system (bureaucracy) is devoted to managing the economy in a top-down chain of command with all but a few of the more than 100 ministries, commissions, administrations, bureaus, academies, and corporations under the State Council being concerned with economic matters.
Each significant economic sector is supervised by one or more of these organizations, which includes the People's Bank of China, National Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Finance, and the ministries of agriculture; coal industry; commerce; communications; education; light industry; metallurgical industry; petroleum industry; railways; textile industry; and water resources and electric power. Several aspects of the economy are administered by specialized departments under the State Council, including the National Bureau of Statistics, Civil Aviation Administration of China, and the tourism bureau. Each of the economic organizations under the State Council directs the units under its jurisdiction through subordinate offices at the provincial and local levels.
The whole policy-making process involves extensive consultation and negotiation. Economic policies and decisions adopted by the National People's Congress and the State Council are to be passed on to the economic organizations under the State Council, which incorporates them into the plans for the various sectors of the economy. Economic plans and policies are implemented by a variety of direct and indirect control mechanisms. Direct control is exercised by designating specific physical output quotas and supply allocations for some goods and services. Indirect instruments—also called "economic levers"—operate by affecting market incentives. These included levying taxes, setting prices for products and supplies, allocating investment funds, monitoring and controlling financial transactions by the banking system, and controlling the allocation of key resources, such as skilled labor, electric power, transportation, steel, and chemicals (including fertilizers). The main advantage of including a project in an annual plan is that the raw materials, labor, financial resources, and markets are guaranteed by directives that have the weight of the law behind them. In reality, however, a great deal of economic activity goes on outside the scope of the detailed plan, and the tendency has been for the plan to become narrower rather than broader in scope. A major objective of the reform program was to reduce the use of direct controls and to increase the role of indirect economic levers. Major state-owned enterprises still receive detailed plans specifying physical quantities of key inputs and products from their ministries. These corporations, however, have been increasingly affected by prices and allocations that were determined through market interaction and only indirectly influenced by the central plan.
Total economic enterprise in China is apportioned along lines of directive planning (mandatory), indicative planning (indirect implementation of central directives), and those left to market forces. In the early 1980s during the initial reforms enterprises began to have increasing discretion over the quantities of inputs purchased, the sources of inputs, the variety of products manufactured, and the production process. Operational supervision over economic projects has devolved primarily to provincial, municipal, and county governments. The majority of state-owned industrial enterprises, which were managed at the provincial level or below, were partially regulated by a combination of specific allocations and indirect controls, but they also produced goods outside the plan for sale in the market. Important, scarce resources—for example, engineers or finished steel—may have been assigned to this kind of unit in exact numbers. Less critical assignments of personnel and materials would have been authorized in a general way by the plan, but with procurement arrangements left up to the enterprise management.
In addition, enterprises themselves are gaining increased independence in a range of activity. While strategically important industry and services and most of large-scale construction have remained under directive planning, the market economy has gained rapidly in scale every year as it subsumes more and more sectors. Overall, the Chinese industrial system contains a complex mixture of relationships. The State Council generally administers relatively strict control over resources deemed to be of vital concern for the performance and health of the entire economy. Less vital aspects of the economy have been transferred to lower levels for detailed decisions and management. Furthermore, the need to coordinate entities that are in different organizational hierarchies generally causes a great deal of informal bargaining and consensus building.
Consumer spending has been subject to a limited degree of direct government influence but is primarily determined by the basic market forces of income levels and commodity prices. Before the reform period, key goods were rationed when they were in short supply, but by the mid-1980s availability had increased to the point that rationing was discontinued for everything except grain, which could also be purchased in the free markets. Collectively owned units and the agricultural sector were regulated primarily by indirect instruments. Each collective unit was "responsible for its own profit and loss", and the prices of its inputs and products provided the major production incentives.
Vast changes were made in relaxing the state control of the agricultural sector from the late 1970s. The structural mechanisms for implementing state objectives—the people's communes and their subordinate teams and brigades—have been either entirely eliminated or greatly diminished. Farm incentives have been boosted both by price increases for state-purchased agricultural products, and it was permitted to sell excess production on a free market. There was more room in the choice of what crops to grow, and peasants are allowed to contract for land that they will work, rather than simply working most of the land collectively. The system of procurement quotas (fixed in the form of contracts) has been being phased out, although the state can still buy farm products and control surpluses in order to affect market conditions.
Foreign trade is supervised by the Ministry of Commerce, customs, and the Bank of China, the foreign exchange arm of the Chinese banking system, which controls access to the foreign currency required for imports. Ever since restrictions on foreign trade were reduced, there have been broad opportunities for individual enterprises to engage in exchanges with foreign firms without much intervention from official agencies.
State-owned enterprises.
As of 2014, large state-owned enterprises (SOEs) are the backbone of China's economy, producing over 50% of the nation's goods and services, and employing over half of China's workers. Sixty-five of the Chinese companies in the 2012 Fortune Global 500 list were state-owned, including State Grid Corporation of China, which operates the country's power grid, and oil companies China National Petroleum Corporation and Sinopec. Profits of the largest state-owned enterprises were much greater than the largest firms in the private sector, which were largely small- and medium-sized businesses.
Reform efforts, spurred by problems with corruption at some firms, were focused on splitting state-owned firms or creating competing state-owned firms—rather than privatization, which is politically unacceptable to the ruling party. Firms attempting to maintain their position, such as the State Grid, pointed out the advantages of monopoly, using incidents such as the 2012 India blackouts as examples of disorganization.
As of 2011, 35% of business activity and 43% of profits in the People's Republic of China were generated by companies in which the state owned a majority interest. Critics of this system such as "The New York Times" allege that China's state-owned companies are a vehicle for corruption, used by the families of ruling party leaders who have sometimes amassed fortunes while managing them.
The largest state-owned enterprises are very powerful. They have hundreds of thousands of employees and compete on a global level. Some have monopolies over national utilities such as electric transmission or mobile phone communication and have the power to set high prices and garner high profits. They hire the children of government officials and prominent party members and thus place senior Chinese leaders in a compromised position. As of 2013 their access to low-interest loans from state-owned banks and their position of power was the subject of public comment and official inquiry.
Regional economies.
China's unequal transportation system—combined with important differences in the availability of natural and human resources and in industrial infrastructure—has produced significant variations in the regional economies of China.
Economic development has generally been more rapid in coastal provinces than in the interior, and there are large disparities in per capita income between regions. The three wealthiest regions are along the southeast coast, centred on the Pearl River Delta; along the east coast, centred on the Lower Yangtze River; and near the Bohai Gulf, in the Beijing–Tianjin–Liaoning region. It is the rapid development of these areas that is expected to have the most significant effect on the Asian regional economy as a whole, and Chinese government policy is designed to remove the obstacles to accelerated growth in these wealthier regions.
GDP by Administrative Division.
There are 31 administrative divisions in China. Below are the top administrative divisions in China ranked by GDP in 2012. GDP was converted from CNY to USD using a FX rate of 6.3125 CNY/USD
Hong Kong and Macau.
In accordance with the One Country, Two Systems policy, the economies of the former British colony of Hong Kong, and Portuguese colony of Macau, are separate from the rest of China, and each other. Both Hong Kong and Macau are free to conduct and engage in economic negotiations with foreign countries, as well as participating as full members in various international economic organizations such as the World Customs Organization, the World Trade Organization and the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum, often under the names "Hong Kong, China" and "Macau, China".
Development.
China, economically frail before 1978, has again become one of the world's major economic powers with the greatest potential. In the 22 years following reform and opening-up in 1979 in particular, China's economy developed at a remarkable rate, and that momentum was maintained into the early years of the 21st century.
China adopts the "five-year-plan" strategy for economic development. The Twelfth Five-Year Plan (2011–2015) is currently being implemented.
Like Japan and South Korea before it, for nearly 30 years China has indeed been growing, thrusting its citizens into prosperity and its goods across the world. Between 1978 and 2005, China's per capita GDP had grown from $153 to $1284, while its current account surplus had increased over twelve-fold between 1982 and 2004, from $5.7 billion to $71 billion. During this time, China had also become an industrial powerhouse, moving beyond initial successes in low-wage sectors like clothing and footwear to the increasingly sophisticated production of computers, pharmaceuticals, and automobiles.
Just how long the trajectory could continue, however, remained unclear. According to the 11th five-year plan, China needed to sustain an annual growth rates of 8% for the foreseeable future. Only with such levels of growth, the leadership argued, could China continue to develop its industrial prowess, raise its citizen's standard of living, and redress the inequalities that were cropping up across the country. Yet no country had ever before maintained the kind of growth that China was predicting. Moreover, China had to some extent already undergone the easier parts of development. In the 1980s, it had transformed its vast and inefficient agricultural sector, freeing its peasants from the confines of central planning and winning them to the cause of reform. In the 1990s, it had likewise started to restructure its stagnant industrial sector, wooing foreign investors for the first time. These policies had catalysed the country's phenomenal growth. Instead, China had to take what many regarded as the final step toward the market, liberalizing the banking sector and launching the beginnings of a real capital market.
This step, however, would not be easy. As of 2004, China's state-owned enterprises were still only partially reorganized, and its banks were dealing with the burden of over $205 billion (1.7 trillion RMB) in non-performing loans, monies that had little chance of ever being repaid. The country had a floating exchange rate, and strict controls on both the current and capital accounts.
Regional development.
These strategies are aimed at the relatively poorer regions in China in an attempt to prevent widening inequalities:
Foreign investment abroad:
Key national projects.
The "West-to-East Electricity Transmission", the "West-to-East Gas Transmission", and the "South–North Water Transfer Project" are the government's three key strategic projects, aimed at realigning overall of per year. Construction of the "South-to-North Water Diversion" project was officially launched on 2002 and completion of Phase I is scheduled for 2010; this will relieve serious water shortfall in northern China and realize a rational distribution of the water resources of the Yangtze, Yellow, Huaihe, and Haihe river valleys.
Macroeconomic trends.
In January 1985, the State Council of China approved to establish a SNA (System of National Accounting), use the gross domestic product (GDP) to measure the national economy. China started the study of theoretical foundation, guiding, and accounting model etc., for establishing a new system of national economic accounting. In 1986, as the first citizen of the People's Republic of China to receive a Ph.D. in economics from an overseas country, Dr. Fengbo Zhang headed Chinese Macroeconomic Research – the key research project of the seventh Five-Year Plan of China, as well as completing and publishing the China GDP data by China's own research. The summary of the above has been included in the book Chinese Macroeconomic Structure and Policy (1988) Editor: Fengbo Zhang, collectively authored by the Research Center of the State Council of China. This is the first GDP data which was published by China. The State Council of China issued "The notice regarding implementation of System of National Accounting" in August 1992, the SNA system officially is introduced to China, replaced Soviet Union's MPS system, Western economic indicator GDP became China's most important economic indicator (WikiChina: China GDP, The First China GDP).
The table below shows the trend of the GDP of China at market prices estimated by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) with figures in millions (Chinese yuan). See also. For purchasing power parity comparisons, the US dollar is exchanged at 2.05 CNY only.
Systemic problems and environment.
The government has in recent years struggled to contain the social strife and environmental damage related to the economy's rapid transformation; collect public receipts due from provinces, businesses, and individuals; reduce corruption and other economic crimes; sustain adequate job growth for tens of millions of workers laid off from state-owned enterprises, migrants, and new entrants to the work force; and keep afloat the large state-owned enterprises, most of which had not participated in the vigorous expansion of the economy and many of which had been losing the ability to pay full wages and pensions. From 50 to 100 million surplus rural workers were adrift between the villages and the cities, many subsisting through part-time low-paying jobs. Popular resistance, changes in central policy, and loss of authority by rural cadres have weakened China's population control program. Edward Lam, student, states his opinion on the economic prospect of China: he claims that it is another long-term threat to continued rapid economic growth has been the deterioration in the environment, notably air and water pollution, soil erosion, growing desertification and the steady fall of the water table especially in the north. China also has continued to lose arable land because of erosion and infrastructure development.
Other major problems concern the labor force and the pricing system. There is large-scale underemployment in both urban and rural areas, and the fear of the disruptive effects of major, explicit unemployment is strong. The prices of certain key commodities, especially of industrial raw materials and major industrial products, are determined by the state. In most cases, basic price ratios were set in the 1950s and are often irrational in terms of current production capabilities and demands. Over the years, large subsidies were built into the price structure, and these subsidies grew substantially in the late 1970s and 1980s. By the early 1990s these subsidies began to be eliminated, in large part due to China's admission into the World Trade Organization (WTO) in 2001, which carried with it requirements for further economic liberalization and deregulation.
By 2010, rapidly rising wages and a general increase in the standard of living had put increased energy use on a collision course with the need to reduce carbon emissions in order to control global warming. There were diligent efforts to increase energy efficiency and increase use of renewable sources; over 1,000 inefficient power plants had been closed, but projections continued to show a dramatic rise in carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels.
Regulatory environment and tax system.
Though China's economy has expanded rapidly, its regulatory environment has not kept pace. Since Deng Xiaoping's open market reforms, the growth of new businesses has outpaced the government's ability to regulate them. This has created a situation where businesses, faced with mounting competition and poor oversight, take drastic measures to increase profit margins, often at the expense of consumer safety. This issue became more prominent in 2007, with a number of restrictions being placed on problematic Chinese exports by the United States.
From the 1950s to the 1980s, the central government's revenues derived chiefly from the profits of the state enterprises, which were remitted to the state. Some government revenues also came from taxes, of which the most important was the general industrial and commercial tax.
The trend, however, has been for remitted profits of the state enterprises to be replaced with taxes on those profits. Initially, this tax system was adjusted so as to allow for differences in the capitalization and pricing situations of various firms, but more-uniform tax schedules were introduced in the early 1990s. In addition, personal income and value-added taxes were implemented at that time.
Inflation.
During the winter of 2007–2008, inflation ran about 7% on an annual basis, rising to 8.7% in statistics for February 2008, released in March 2008.
Shortages of gasoline and diesel fuel developed in the fall of 2007 due to reluctance of refineries to produce fuel at low prices set by the state. These prices were slightly increased in November 2007 with fuel selling for $2.65 a gallon, still slightly below world prices. Price controls were in effect on numerous basic products and services, but were ineffective with food, prices of which were rising at an annual rate of 18.2% in November 2007. The problem of inflation has caused concern at the highest levels of the Chinese government. On January 9, 2008, the government of China issued the following statement on its official website: "The Chinese government decided on Wednesday to take further measures to stabilize market prices and increase the severity of punishments for those guilty of driving up prices through hoarding or cheating."
Pork is an important part of the Chinese economy with a per capita consumption of a fifth of a pound per day. The worldwide rise in the price of animal feed associated with increased production of ethanol from corn resulted in steep rises in pork prices in China in 2007. Increased cost of production interacted badly with increased demand resulting from rapidly rising wages. The state responded by subsidizing pork prices for students and the urban poor and called for increased production. Release of pork from the nation's strategic pork reserve was considered.
By January 2008, the inflation rate rose to 7.1%, which BBC News described as the highest inflation rate since 1997, due to the winter storms that month. China's inflation rate jumped to a new decade high of 8.7 percent in February 2008 after severe winter storms disrupted the economy and worsened food shortages, the government said March 11, 2008. Throughout the summer and fall, however, inflation fell again to a low of 6.6% in October 2008.
By November 2010, the inflation rate rose up to 5.1%, driven by a 11.7% increase in food prices year on year. According to the bureau, industrial output went up 13.3 percent. As supplies have run short, prices for fuel and other commodities have risen.
Investment cycles.
Chinese investment has always been highly cyclical. Ever since the 1958 Great Leap Forward, growth in fixed capital formation has typically peaked about every five years. Recent peaks occurred in 1978, 1984, 1988, 1993, 2003, and 2009. The corresponding troughs were in 1981, 1986, 1989, 1997, and 2005.
In China, the majority of investment is carried out by entities that are at least partially state-owned. Most of these are under the control of local governments. Thus booms are primarily the result of perverse incentives at the local-government level.
Unlike entrepreneurs in a free-enterprise economy, Chinese local officials are motivated primarily by political considerations. As their performance evaluations are based, to a large extent, on GDP growth within their jurisdictions, they have a strong incentive to promote large-scale investment projects. They also don’t face any real bankruptcy risk. When localities get into trouble, they are invariably bailed out by state-owned banks. Under these circumstances, overinvestment is inevitable.
A typical cycle begins with a relaxation of central government credit and industrial policy. This allows local governments to push investment aggressively, both through state-sector entities they control directly and by offering investment-promotion incentives to private investors and enterprises outside their jurisdictions.
The resulting boom puts upward pressure on prices and may also result in shortages of key inputs such as coal and electricity (as was the case in 2003). Once inflation has risen to a level at which it begins to threaten social stability, the central government will intervene by tightening enforcement of industrial and credit policy. Projects that went ahead without required approvals will be halted. Bank lending to particular types of investors will be restricted. Credit then becomes tight and investment growth begins to decline.
Eventually such centrally-imposed busts alleviate shortages and bring inflation down to acceptable levels. At that point, the central government yields to local-government demands for looser policy and the cycle begins again.
Financial and banking system.
Most of China's financial institutions are state owned and governed and 98% of banking assets are state owned. The chief instruments of financial and fiscal control are the People's Bank of China (PBC) and the Ministry of Finance, both under the authority of the State Council. The People's Bank of China replaced the Central Bank of China in 1950 and gradually took over private banks. It fulfills many of the functions of other central and commercial banks. It issues the currency, controls circulation, and plays an important role in disbursing budgetary expenditures. Additionally, it administers the accounts, payments, and receipts of government organizations and other bodies, which enables it to exert thorough supervision over their financial and general performances in consideration to the government's economic plans. The PBC is also responsible for international trade and other overseas transactions. Remittances by overseas Chinese are managed by the Bank of China (BOC), which has a number of branch offices in several countries.
Other financial institutions that are crucial, include the China Development Bank (CDB), which funds economic development and directs foreign investment; the Agricultural Bank of China (ABC), which provides for the agricultural sector; the China Construction Bank (CCB), which is responsible for capitalizing a portion of overall investment and for providing capital funds for certain industrial and construction enterprises; and the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), which conducts ordinary commercial transactions and acts as a savings bank for the public.
China's economic reforms greatly increased the economic role of the banking system. In theory any enterprises or individuals can go to the banks to obtain loans outside the state plan, in practice 75% of state bank loans go to State Owned Enterprises. (SOEs) Even though nearly all investment capital was previously provided on a grant basis according to the state plan, policy has since the start of the reform shifted to a loan basis through the various state-directed financial institutions. It is estimated that, as of 2011, 14 trillion renminbi in loans were outstanding to local governments. Much of that total is believed by outside observers to be nonperforming. Increasing amounts of funds are made available through the banks for economic and commercial purposes. Foreign sources of capital have also increased. China has received loans from the World Bank and several United Nations programs, as well as from countries (particularly Japan) and, to a lesser extent, commercial banks. Hong Kong has been a major conduit of this investment, as well as a source itself. On 23 February 2012, the PBC evinced its inclination to liberalise its capital markets when it circulated a telling ten-year timetable. Following on the heels of this development, Shenzhen banks were able to launch cross-border yuan remittances for individuals, a significant shift in the PBC's capital control strictures since Chinese nationals had been previously barred from transferring their yuan to overseas account.
With two stock exchanges (Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange), mainland China's stock market had a market value of $1 trillion by January 2007, which became the third largest stock market in Asia, after Japan and Hong Kong. It is estimated to be the world's third largest by 2016.
In August 2013 creation of an as yet unnamed high-level body to gather and analyze financial information and trends was announced by the central government. The central bank would participate as would people from other organizations engaged in financial matters. It would not have direct regulatory authority, but would attempt to function at the highest professional level in order to provide appropriate guidance to regulators with respect to matters such as shadow banking which are potential sources of instability.
Currency system.
The renminbi ("people's currency") is the currency of China, denominated as the yuan, subdivided into 10 jiao or 100 fen. The renminbi is issued by the People's Bank of China, the monetary authority of China. The ISO 4217 abbreviation is CNY, although also commonly abbreviated as "RMB". The Latinised symbol is ¥. The yuan is generally considered by outside observers to be undervalued by about 30-40%.
The renminbi is held in a floating exchange-rate system managed primarily against the US dollar. On July 21, 2005, China revalued its currency by 2.1% against the US dollar and, since then has moved to an exchange rate system that references a basket of currencies and has allowed the renminbi to fluctuate at a daily rate of up to half a percent.
The rate of exchange (Chinese yuan per US$1) on July 31, 2008, was RMB 6.846, in mid-2007 was RMB 7.45, while in early 2006 was RMB 8.07:US $1=8.2793 yuan (January 2000), 8.2783 (1999), 8.2790 (1998), 8.2898 (1997), 8.3142 (1996), 8.3514 (1995).
There is a complex relationship between China's balance of trade, inflation, measured by the consumer price index and the value of its currency. Despite allowing the value of the yuan to "float", China's central bank has decisive ability to control its value with relationship to other currencies. Inflation in 2007, reflecting sharply rising prices for meat and fuel, is probably related to the worldwide rise in commodities used as animal feed or as fuel. Thus rapid rises in the value of the yuan permitted in December 2007 are possibly related to efforts to mitigate inflation by permitting the renminbi to be worth more.
Internationalization of the renminbi.
Since the late-2000s, China has sought to internationalize the renminbi. As of 2013, the RMB is the 8th most widely traded currency in the world.
Sectors.
Agriculture.
China is the world's largest producer and consumer of agricultural products – and some 300 million Chinese farm workers are in the industry, mostly laboring on pieces of land about the size of U.S farms. Virtually all arable land is used for food crops. China is the world's largest producer of rice and is among the principal sources of wheat, corn (maize), tobacco, soybeans, potatoes, sorghum, peanuts, tea, millet, barley, oilseed, pork, and fish. Major non-food crops, including cotton, other fibers, and oilseeds, furnish China with a small proportion of its foreign trade revenue. Agricultural exports, such as vegetables and fruits, fish and shellfish, grain and meat products, are exported to Hong Kong. Yields are high because of intensive cultivation, for example, China's cropland area is only 75% of the U.S. total, but China still produces about 30% more crops and livestock than the United States (notwithstanding the State of California, which outproduces even the most productive Chinese farmlands by a three to one ratio). China hopes to further increase agricultural production through improved plant stocks, fertilizers, and technology.
According to the government statistics issued in 2005, after a drop in the yield of farm crops in 2000, output has been increasing annually.
According to the United Nations World Food Program, in 2003, China fed 20 percent of the world's population with only 7 percent of the world's arable land. China ranks first worldwide in farm output, and, as a result of topographic and climatic factors, only about 10–15 percent of the total land area is suitable for cultivation. Of this, slightly more than half is unirrigated, and the remainder is divided roughly equally between paddy fields and irrigated areas. Nevertheless, about 60 percent of the population lives in the rural areas, and until the 1980s a high percentage of them made their living directly from farming. Since then, many have been encouraged to leave the fields and pursue other activities, such as light manufacturing, commerce, and transportation; and by the mid-1980s farming accounted for less than half of the value of rural output. Today, agriculture contributes only 13% of China's GDP.
Animal husbandry constitutes the second most important component of agricultural production. China is the world's leading producer of pigs, chickens, and eggs, and it also has sizable herds of sheep and cattle. Since the mid-1970s, greater emphasis has been placed on increasing the livestock output. China has a long tradition of ocean and freshwater fishing and of aquaculture. Pond raising has always been important and has been increasingly emphasized to supplement coastal and inland fisheries threatened by overfishing and to provide such valuable export commodities as prawns.
Environmental problems such as floods, drought, and erosion pose serious threats to farming in many parts of the country. The wholesale destruction of forests gave way to an energetic reforestation program that proved inadequate, and forest resources are still fairly meagre. The principal forests are found in the Qin Mountains and the central mountains and on the Sichuan–Yunnan plateau. Because they are inaccessible, the Qinling forests are not worked extensively, and much of the country's timber comes from Heilongjiang, Jilin, Sichuan, and Yunnan.
Western China, comprising Tibet, Xinjiang, and Qinghai, has little agricultural significance except for areas of floriculture and cattle raising. Rice, China's most important crop, is dominant in the southern provinces and many of the farms here yield two harvests a year. In the north, wheat is of the greatest importance, while in central China wheat and rice vie with each other for the top place. Millet and kaoliang (a variety of grain sorghum) are grown mainly in the northeast and some central provinces, which, together with some northern areas, also provide considerable quantities of barley. Most of the soybean crop is derived from the north and the northeast; corn (maize) is grown in the center and the north, while tea comes mainly from the warm and humid hilly areas of the south. Cotton is grown extensively in the central provinces, but it is also found to a lesser extent in the southeast and in the north. Tobacco comes from the center and parts of the south. Other important crops are potatoes, sugar beets, and oilseeds.
There is still a relative lack of agricultural machinery, particularly advanced machinery. For the most part the Chinese peasant or farmer depends on simple, nonmechanized farming implements. Good progress has been made in increasing water conservancy, and about half the cultivated land is under irrigation.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, economic reforms were introduced. First of all this began with the shift of farming work to a system of household responsibility and a phasing out of collectivized agriculture. Later this expanded to include a gradual liberalization of price controls; fiscal decentralization; massive privatization of state enterprises, thereby allowing a wide variety of private enterprises in the services and light manufacturing; the foundation of a diversified banking system (but with large amounts of state control); the development of a stock market; and the opening of the economy to increased foreign trade and foreign investment.
Energy and mineral resources.
Energy
Electricity:
Electricity – production by source:
Oil:
Natural gas:
Since 1980, China's energy production has grown dramatically, as has the proportion allocated to domestic consumption. Some 80 percent of all power is generated from fossil fuel at thermal plants, with about 17 percent at hydroelectric installations; only about two percent is from nuclear energy, mainly from plants located in Guangdong and Zhejiang. Though China has rich overall energy potential, most have yet to be developed. In addition, the geographical distribution of energy puts most of these resources relatively far from their major industrial users. Basically the northeast is rich in coal and oil, the central part of north China has abundant coal, and the southwest has immense hydroelectric potential. But the industrialized regions around Guangzhou and the Lower Yangtze region around Shanghai have too little energy, while there is relatively little heavy industry located near major energy resource areas other than in the southern part of the northeast.
China, due in large part to environmental concerns, has wanted to shift China's current energy mix from a heavy reliance on coal, which accounts for 70–75% of China's energy, toward greater reliance on oil, natural gas, renewable energy, and nuclear power. China has closed thousands of coal mines over the past five to ten years to cut overproduction. According to Chinese statistics, this has reduced coal production by over 25%.
Since 1993, China has been a net importer of oil, a large portion of which comes from the Middle East. Imported oil accounts for 20% of the processed crude in China. Net imports are expected to rise to 3.5 million barrels (560,000 m3) per day by 2010. China is interested in diversifying the sources of its oil imports and has invested in oil fields around the world. China is developing oil imports from Central Asia and has invested in Kazakhstani oil fields. Beijing also plans to increase China's natural gas production, which currently accounts for only 3% of China's total energy consumption and incorporated a natural gas strategy in its 10th Five-Year Plan (2001–2005), with the goal of expanding gas use from a 2% share of total energy production to 4% by 2005 (gas accounts for 25% of U.S. energy production). Analysts expect China's consumption of natural gas to more than double by 2010.
The 11th Five-Year Program (2006–10), announced in 2005 and approved by the National People's Congress in March 2006, called for greater energy conservation measures, including development of renewable energy sources and increased attention to environmental protection. Guidelines called for a 20% reduction in energy consumption per unit of GDP by 2010. Moving away from coal towards cleaner energy sources including oil, natural gas, renewable energy, and nuclear power is an important component of China's development program. Beijing also intends to continue to improve energy efficiency and promote the use of clean coal technology. China has abundant hydroelectric resources; the Three Gorges Dam, for example, will have a total capacity of 18 gigawatts when fully on-line (projected for 2009). In addition, the share of electricity generated by nuclear power is projected to grow from 1% in 2000 to 5% in 2030. China's renewable energy law, which went into effect in 2006, calls for 10% of its energy to come from renewable energy sources by 2020.
Mining.
Outdated mining and ore-processing technologies are being replaced with modern techniques, but China's rapid industrialization requires imports of minerals from abroad. In particular, iron ore imports from Australia and the United States have soared in the early 2000s as steel production rapidly outstripped domestic iron ore production. Also China has become increasingly active in several African countries to mine the reserves it requires for economic growth, particularly in countries such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Gabon.
The major areas of production in 2004 were coal (nearly 2 billion tons), iron ore (310 million tons), crude petroleum (175 million tons), natural gas (41 million cubic meters), antimony ore (110,000 tons), tin concentrates (110,000 tons), nickel ore (64,000 tons), tungsten concentrates (67,000 tons), unrefined salt (37 million tons), vanadium (40,000 tons), and molybdenum ore (29,000 tons). In order of magnitude, produced minerals were bauxite, gypsum, barite, magnesite, talc and related minerals, manganese ore, fluorspar, and zinc. In addition, China produced 2,450 tons of silver and 215 tons of gold in 2004. The mining sector accounted for less than 0.9% of total employment in 2002 but produced about 5.3% of total industrial production.
Hydroelectric resources.
China has an abundant potential for hydroelectric power production due to its considerable river network and mountainous terrain. Most of the total hydroelectric capacity is situated in the southwest of the country, where coal supplies are poor but demand for energy is rising swiftly. The potential in the northeast is fairly small, but it was there that the first hydroelectric stations were built—by the Japanese during its occupation of Manchuria. Due to considerable seasonal fluctuations in rainfall, the flow of rivers tends to drop during the winter, forcing many power stations to operate at less than normal capacity, while in the summer, on the other hand, floods often interfere with generation.
Thirteen years in construction at a cost of $24 billion, the immense Three Gorges Dam across the Yangtze River was essentially completed in 2006 and will revolutionize electrification and flood control in the area.
Coal.
China is well endowed with mineral resources, the most important of which is coal. China's mineral resources include large reserves of coal and iron ore, plus adequate to abundant supplies of nearly all other industrial minerals. Although coal deposits are widely scattered (some coal is found in every province), most of the total is located in the northern part of the country. The province of Shanxi, in fact, is thought to contain about half of the total; other important coal-bearing provinces include Heilongjiang, Liaoning, Jilin, Hebei, and Shandong. Apart from these northern provinces, significant quantities of coal are present in Sichuan, and there are some deposits of importance in Guangdong, Guangxi, Yunnan, and Guizhou. A large part of the country's reserves consists of good bituminous coal, but there are also large deposits of lignite. Anthracite is present in several places (especially Liaoning, Guizhou, and Henan), but overall it is not very significant.
To ensure a more even distribution of coal supplies and to reduce the strain on the less than adequate transportation network, the authorities pressed for the development of a large number of small, locally run mines throughout the country. This campaign was energetically pursued after the 1960s, with the result that thousands of small pits have been established, and they produce more than half the country's coal. This output, however, is typically expensive and is used for local consumption. It has also led to a less than stringent implementation of safety measures in these unregulated mines, which cause several thousands of deaths each year.
Coal makes up the bulk of China's energy consumption (70% in 2005), and China is the largest producer and consumer of coal in the world. As China's economy continues to grow, China's coal demand is projected to rise significantly. Although coal's share of China's overall energy consumption will decrease, coal consumption will continue to rise in absolute terms. China's continued and increasing reliance on coal as a power source has contributed significantly to putting China on the path to becoming the world's largest emitter of acid rain-causing sulfur dioxide and greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide.
Oil and natural gas.
China's onshore oil resources are mostly located in the Northeast and in Xinjiang, Gansu, Qinghai, Sichuan, Shandong, and Henan provinces. Oil shale is found in a number of places, especially at Fushun in Liaoning, where the deposits overlie the coal reserves, as well as in Guangdong. High quality light oil has been found in the Pearl River estuary of the South China Sea, the Qaidam Basin in Qinghai, and the Tarim Basin in Xinjiang. The country consumes most of its oil output but does export some crude oil and oil products. China has explored and developed oil deposits in the South and East China Seas, the Yellow Sea, the Gulf of Tonkin, and the Bohai Sea.
In 2013 the pace of China's economic growth exceeded the domestic oil capacity and floods damaged the nation's oil fields in the middle of the year. Consequently, China imported oil to compensate for the supply reduction and surpassed the US in September 2013 to become the world's largest importer of oil.
The total extent of China's natural gas reserves is unknown, as relatively little exploration for natural gas has been done. Sichuan accounts for almost half of the known natural gas reserves and production. Most of the rest of China's natural gas is associated gas produced in the Northeast's major oil fields, especially Daqing oilfield. Other gas deposits have been found in the Qaidam Basin, Hebei, Jiangsu, Shanghai, and Zhejiang, and offshore to the southwest of Hainan Island.
Metals and nonmetals.
Iron ore reserves are found in most provinces, including Hainan. Gansu, Guizhou, southern Sichuan, and Guangdong provinces have rich deposits. The largest mined reserves are located north of the Yangtze River and supply neighboring iron and steel enterprises. With the exception of nickel, chromium, and cobalt, China is well supplied with ferroalloys and manganese. Reserves of tungsten are also known to be fairly large. Copper resources are moderate, and high-quality ore is present only in a few deposits. Discoveries have been reported from Ningxia. Lead and zinc are available, and bauxite resources are thought to be plentiful. China's antimony reserves are the largest in the world. Tin resources are plentiful, and there are fairly rich deposits of gold. China is the world's fifth largest producer of gold and in the early 21st century became an important producer and exporter of rare metals needed in high-technology industries. The rare earth reserves at the Bayan Obi mine in Inner Mongolia are thought to be the largest in any single location in the world.
China also produces a fairly wide range of nonmetallic minerals. One of the most important of these is salt, which is derived from coastal evaporation sites in Jiangsu, Hebei, Shandong, and Liaoning, as well as from extensive salt fields in Sichuan, Ningxia, and the Qaidam Basin. There are important deposits of phosphate rock in a number of areas. Pyrites occur in several places; Liaoning, Hebei, Shandong, and Shanxi have the most important deposits. China also has large resources of fluorite (fluorspar), gypsum, asbestos, and cement.
Industry and manufacturing.
Industry and construction account for 46.8% of China's GDP. In 2009 around 8% of the total manufacturing output in the world came from China itself and China ranked third worldwide in industrial output that year (first was EU and second United States). Research by IHS Global Insight states that in 2010 China contributed to 19.8% of world's manufacturing output and became the largest manufacturer in the world that year, after the US had held that position for about 110 years.
In November, 2012 the State Council of the People's Republic of China mandated a "social risk assessment" for all major industrial projects. This requirement followed mass public protests in some locations for planned projects or expansions.
Major industries include mining and ore processing; iron and steel; aluminium; coal; machinery; armaments; textiles and apparel; petroleum; cement; chemical; fertilizers; food processing; automobiles and other transportation equipment including rail cars and locomotives, ships, and aircraft; consumer products including footwear, toys, and electronics; telecommunications and information technology. China has become a preferred destination for the relocation of global manufacturing facilities. Its strength as an export platform has contributed to incomes and employment in China.
Since the founding of the People's Republic, industrial development has been given considerable attention; as of 2011 46% of China's national output continued to be devoted to investment; a percentage far higher than any other nation. Among the various industrial branches the machine-building and metallurgical industries have received the highest priority. These two areas alone now account for about 20–30 percent of the total gross value of industrial output. In these, as in most other areas of industry, however, innovation has generally suffered at the hands of a system that has rewarded increases in gross output rather than improvements in variety, sophistication and quality. China, therefore, still imports significant quantities of specialized steels. Overall industrial output has grown at an average rate of more than 10 percent per year, having surpassed all other sectors in economic growth and degree of modernization. Some heavy industries and products deemed to be of national strategic importance remain state-owned, but an increasing proportion of lighter and consumer-oriented manufacturing firms are privately held or are private-state joint ventures.
The predominant focus of development in the chemical industry is to expand the output of chemical fertilizers, plastics, and synthetic fibers. The growth of this industry has placed China among the world's leading producers of nitrogenous fertilizers. In the consumer goods sector the main emphasis is on textiles and clothing, which also form an important part of China's exports. Textile manufacturing, a rapidly growing proportion of which consists of synthetics, account for about 10 percent of the gross industrial output and continues to be important, but less so than before. The industry tends to be scattered throughout the country, but there are a number of important textile centers, including Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Harbin.
Steel industry.
In 2011 China was the largest producer of steel in the world producing 45% of the world's steel, 683 million tons, an increase of 9% from 2010. 6 of 10 of largest steel producers in the world are in China. Profits are low despite continued high demand due to high debt and overproduction of high end products produced with the equipment financed by the high debt. The central government is aware of this problem but there is no easy way to resolve it as local governments strongly support local steel production. Meanwhile, each firm aggressively increases production. Iron ore production kept pace with steel production in the early 1990s but was soon outpaced by imported iron ore and other metals in the early 2000s. Steel production, an estimated 140 million tons in 2000 increased to 419 million tons in 2006. Much of the country's steel output comes from a large number of small-scale producing centers, one of the largest being Anshan in Liaoning.
China was the top exporter of steel in the world in 2008. Export volumes in 2008 were 59.23 million tons, a 5.5% fall over the previous year. The decline ended China's decade-old steel export growth. As of 2012 steel exports faced widespread anti-dumping taxes and had not returned to pre-2008 levels. Domestic demand remained strong, particularly in the developing west where steel production in Xinjiang was expanding.
On April 26, 2012 a warning was issued by China's bank regulator to use caution with respect to lending money to steel companies who, as profits from the manufacture and sale of steel have fallen, have sometimes used borrowed money for speculative purposes. According to the China Iron and Steel Association the Chinese steel industry lost 1 billion Rmb in the first quarter of 2012, its first loss since 2000.
Automotive industry.
By 2006 China had become the world's third largest automotive vehicle manufacturer (after US and Japan) and the second largest consumer (only after US). Automobile manufacturing has soared during the reform period. In 1975 only 139,800 automobiles were produced annually, but by 1985 production had reached 443,377, then jumped to nearly 1.1 million by 1992 and increased fairly evenly each year up until 2001, when it reached 2.3 million. In 2002 production rose to nearly 3.25 million and then jumped to 4.44 million in 2003, 5.07 million in 2004, 5.71 million in 2005, 7.28 million in 2006, 8.88 million in 2007, 9.35 million in 2008 and 13.83 million in 2009. China has become the number-one automaker in the world in 2009.
Domestic sales have kept pace with production. After respectable annual increases in the mid- and late 1990s, passenger car sales soared in the early 2000s. In 2006, a total of 7.22 million automobiles were sold, including 5.18 million units of passenger cars and 2.04 million units of commercial vehicles.
In 2010, China became the world's largest automotive vehicle manufacturer as well as the largest consumer ahead of the United States with an estimated 18 million new cars sold. However, new car sales grew only by an estimated 1% between 2011 and 2012 due to the escalation in the Spratly Islands dispute which involved Japan, the world's third largest producer of vehicles.
China's automotive industry has been so successful that it began exporting car parts in 1999. China began to plan major moves into the automobile and components export business starting in 2005. A new Honda factory in Guangzhou was built in 2004 solely for the export market and was expected to ship 30,000 passenger vehicles to Europe in 2005. By 2004, 12 major foreign automotive manufacturers had joint-venture plants in China. They produced a wide range of automobiles, minivans, sport utility vehicles, buses, and trucks. In 2003 China exported US$4.7 billion worth of vehicles and components. The vehicle export was 78,000 units in 2004, 173,000 units in 2005, and 340,000 units in 2006. The vehicle and component export is targeted to reach US$70 billion by 2010.
The market for domestically produced cars, under a local name, is likely to continue to grow both inside China and outside. Companies such as Geely and Chery are constantly evaluating new international locations, both in developing and developed countries.
Other industries.
Substantial investments were made in the manufacture of solar panels and wind generators by a number of companies, supported by liberal loans by banks and local governments. However, by 2012 manufacturing capacity had far outstripped domestic and global demand for both products, particularly solar panels which were subjected to anti-dumping penalties by both the United States and Europe. The global oversupply has resulted in bankruptcies and production cutbacks both inside and outside China. China has budgeted $50 billion to subsidize production of solar power over the two decades following 2015 but, even at the sharply reduced price resulting from oversupply, as of 2012 cost of solar power in China remained three times that of power produced by conventional coal-fired power plants.
China is the world's biggest sex toy producer and accounts for 70% of the worldwide sex toys production. In the country, 1,000 manufacturers are active in this industry, which generates about two billion dollars a year.
As of 2011, China was the world's largest market for personal computers 
Services.
The output of China's services in 2010 ranks third worldwide—after the US and Japan—and high power and telecom density has ensured that the country has remained on a high-growth trajectory over the long-term. In 2010 the services sector produced 43% of China's annual GDP, second only to manufacturing. However, its proportion of GDP is still low compared with the ratio in more developed countries, and the agricultural sector still employs a larger workforce.
Prior to the onset of economic reforms in 1978, China's services sector was characterized by state-operated shops, rationing, and regulated prices—with reform came private markets, individual entrepreneurs, and a commercial sector. The wholesale and retail trade has expanded quickly, with numerous shopping malls, retail shops, restaurant chains and hotels constructed in urban areas. Public administration remains a main component of the service sector, while tourism has become a significant factor in employment and a source of foreign exchange.
As of July 2013, the world's largest building the New Century Global Center is located in the city. At high, long, and wide, the Center houses retail outlets, a 14-theater cinema, offices, hotels, the Paradise Island waterpark, an artificial beach, a -long LED screen, skating rink, pirate ship, fake Mediterranean village, 24-hour artificial sun, and 15,000-spot parking area.
Telecommunications.
China possesses a diversified communications system that links all parts of the country by Internet, telephone, telegraph, radio, and television.
China's number of Internet users or netizens topped 137 million by the end of 2006, an increase of 23.4% from a year before and 162 million by June 2007, making China the second largest Internet user after the United States, according to China's Ministry of Information Industry (MII). China's mobile phone penetration rate is 34% in 2007. In 2006, mobile phone users sent 429 billion text messages, or on average 967 text messages per user. For 2006, the number of fixed-lines grew by 79%, mainly in the rural areas.
Tourism.
China's tourism industry is one of the fastest-growing industries in the national economy and is also one of the industries with a very distinct global competitive edge. According to the World Travel & Tourism Council, travel and tourism directly contributed CNY 1,362 billion (US$216 billion) to the Chinese economy, accounting for 2.6% of GDP. In 2011, the total number of international tourism arrivals was 58 million and international tourism receipts were US$ 48 billion.
China's domestic tourism market makes up more than 90% of the country's tourism traffic, and contributes more than 70% of total tourism revenue. In 2002, domestic tourists reached 878 million and tourism revenue was USD 46.9 billion. A large middle class population with strong consumption power is emerging in China, especially in major cities. China's outbound tourists reached 20.22 million in 2003, overtaking Japan for the first time.
It is forecast by the WTO that China's tourism industry will take up to 8.6% of world market share to become the world's top tourism industry by 2020.
Chinese business-travel spend is also forecast to be the highest in the world by 2014, overtaking the United States. According to a Global Business Travel Association study, total business-travel spend is expected to reach US$195 billion in 2012.
Luxury goods.
A factor that often goes overlooked is the extent of luxury spending the Chinese citizenry are undertaking. There is no greater indication of the newfound wealth of the Chinese than the amount of money now spent on goods and services that were once inaccessible. Foremost among these is the shift towards bottled water. The Chinese bottled water manufacturing industry is forecast to more than double in size in 2008, becoming a $10.5 (US dollars) billion industry in the process. Meanwhile, as those who once had no recourse but poor-quality tap water take advantage of its availability in supermarkets, those who had little or no running water are now capitalising on its availability. The tap water production and supply industry is expected to grow by 29.3% in 2008, to $11.9 billion. The country's motor vehicle production industry is expected to expand by 29.5% to nearly $200 billion, as many Chinese eschew traditional modes of transport, such as bicycles, for the comforts of modern cars. Also, consumption of chocolate and other confectionery is set to increase by 24.3%, as the industry expands to $4.6 billion, in order to keep up with China's collective sweet tooth. Couple with this is 20.8% growth in China's fast food industry, as major players such as McDonald's enter the country with vigour. Also, the LVMH Group, who own major luxury brands including Louis Vuitton apparel, Moët & Chandon wines and champagne and Hennessy cognacs, reported earnings growth of over 25% in 2007 in China, the region now accounting for around 16% of their global business.
Following a ban instituted in October, 2012 on government agencies purchasing luxury goods, often used as "gifts", sales of luxury goods in China remained strong, but slowed, even falling slightly for some luxury retailers in the 4th quarter of 2012, with sales of shark fins and edible swallow nests, staples of lavish government banquets, down sharply.
Retail sales in China account for only 7% of global retail sales of luxury consumer goods; however, Chinese buyers account for 25% of global retail sales of luxury consumer goods. Many shops in international travel destinations have specialized staff devoted to Chinese customers.
Cybercrime.
As of 2011, computer crime is a lucrative illicit practice in China. An academic study, released in August 2012 by California University’s Institute on Global Conflict and Co-operation, claims that China’s "cyber black market" involved over 90,000 participants, cost the local economy 5.36 billion yuan (£536m), negatively impacted upon 110 million internet users (roughly 22 per cent), and affected 1.1 million websites (20 per cent) in 2011. In July 2012, the Chinese government's State Council released a set of information security guidelines as a measure to combat cyber crime that included increased auditing activity, security reporting and monitoring, and a commitment to "reduce the number of internet connection points."
Labor and welfare.
One of the hallmarks of China's socialist economy was its promise of employment to all able and willing to work and job-security with virtually lifelong tenure. Reformers targeted the labor market as unproductive because industries were frequently overstaffed to fulfill socialist goals and job-security reduced workers' incentive to work. This socialist policy was pejoratively called the iron rice bowl.
In 1979–1980, the state reformed factories by giving wage increases to workers, which was immediately offset by sharply rising inflation rates of 6–7%. The reforms also dismantled the iron rice bowl, which meant it witnessed a rise in unemployment in the economy. In 1979 there were 20 million unemployed people. Official Chinese statistics reveal that 4.2% of the total urban workforce was unemployed in 2004, although other estimates have reached 10%. As part of its newly developing social security legislation, China has an unemployment insurance system. At the end of 2003, more than 103.7 million people were participating in the plan, and 7.4 million laid-off employees had received benefits.
China's estimated employed labor force in 2005 totaled 791.4 million persons, about 60% of the total population. During 2003, 49% of the labor force worked in agriculture, forestry, and fishing; 22% in mining, manufacturing, energy, and construction industries; and 29% in the services sector and other categories. In 2004 some 25 million persons were employed by 743,000 private enterprises. Urban wages rose rapidly from 2004 to 2007, at a rate of 13 to 19% per year with average wages near $200/month in 2007.
The All-China Federation of Trade Unions (ACFTU) was established in 1925 to represent the interests of national and local trade unions and trade union councils. The ACFTU reported a membership of 130 million, out of an estimated 248 million urban workers, at the end of 2002. Chinese trade unions are organized on a broad industrial basis. Membership is open to those who rely on wages for the whole or a large part of their income, a qualification that excludes most agricultural workers.
In 2010, the issues of manufacturing wages caused a strike at a Honda parts plant. This resulted in wage increases both at the struck plant and other industrial plants.
The 2010 census found that China was now half urban and rapidly aging due to the one child policy. This is expected to lead to increased demand for labor to take care of an elderly population and a reduced supply of migrant labor from the countryside.
A law approved February 2013 will mandate a nationwide minimum wage at 40% average urban salaries to be phased in fully by 2015.
External trade.
International trade makes up a sizeable portion of China's overall economy.
Being a Second World country at the time, a meaningful segment of China's trade with the Third World was financed through grants, credits, and other forms of assistance. The principal efforts were made in Asia, especially to Indonesia, Burma, Pakistan, and Ceylon, but large loans were also granted in Africa (Ghana, Algeria, Tanzania) and in the Middle East (Egypt). However, after Mao Zedong's death in 1976, these efforts were scaled back. After which, trade with developing countries became negligible, though during that time, Hong Kong and Taiwan both began to emerge as major trading partners.
Since economic reforms began in the late 1970s, China sought to decentralize its foreign trade system to integrate itself into the international trading system. On November 1991, China joined the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) group, which promotes free trade and cooperation the in economic, trade, investment, and technology spheres. China served as APEC chair in 2001, and Shanghai hosted the annual APEC leaders meeting in October of that year.
After reaching a bilateral WTO agreement with the EU and other trading partners in summer 2000, China worked on a multilateral WTO accession package. China concluded multilateral negotiations on its accession to the WTO in September 2001. The completion of its accession protocol and Working Party Report paved the way for its entry into the WTO on December 11, 2001, after 16 years of negotiations, the longest in the history of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade. However, U.S. exporters continue to have concerns about fair market access due to China's restrictive trade policies and U.S. export restrictions.
China's global trade exceeded $2.4 trillion at the end of 2008. It first broke the $100 billion mark in 1988, $200 billion in 1994, $500 billion in 2001 and $1 trillion mark ($1.15 trillion) in 2004. The table below shows the average annual growth (in nominal US dollar terms) of China's foreign trade during the reform era.
The vast majority of China's imports consists of industrial supplies and capital goods, notably machinery and high-technology equipment, the majority of which comes from the developed countries, primarily Japan and the United States. Regionally, almost half of China's imports come from East and Southeast Asia, and about one-fourth of China's exports go to the same destinations. About 80 percent of China's exports consist of manufactured goods, most of which are textiles and electronic equipment, with agricultural products and chemicals constituting the remainder. Out of the five busiest ports in the world, three are in China. The U.S. trade deficit with China reached $232.5 billion in 2006, as imports grew 18%. China's share of total U.S. imports has grown from 7% to 15% since 1996.
Trade volume between China and Russia reached $29.1 billion in 2005, an increase of 37.1% compared with 2004. A spokesman for the Ministry of Commerce, Van Jingsun, said that the volume of trade between China and Russia could exceed 40 billion dollars in 2007. China's export of machinery and electronic goods to Russia grew 70%, which is 24% of China's total export to Russia in the first 11 months of 2005. During the same time, China's export of high-tech products to Russia increased by 58%, and that is 7% of China's total exports to Russia. Also at that time period, border trade between the two countries reached $5.13 billion, growing 35% and accounting for nearly 20% of the total trade. Most of China's exports to Russia remain apparel and footwear. Russia is China's eighth largest trade partner and China is now Russia's fourth largest trade partner, and China now has over 750 investment projects in Russia, involving $1.05 billion. China's contracted investment in Russia totaled $368 million during January–September 2005, twice that in 2004.
Chinese imports from Russia are mainly those of energy sources, such as crude oil, which is mostly transported by rail, and electricity exports from neighboring Siberian and Far Eastern regions. In the near future, exports of both of these commodities are set to increase, as Russia is building the Eastern Siberia-Pacific Ocean oil pipeline with a branch going to the Chinese border, and Russian power grid monopoly UES is building some of its hydropower stations with a view of future exports to China.
Export growth has continued to be a major component supporting China's rapid economic growth. To increase exports, China pursued policies such as fostering the rapid development of foreign-invested factories, which assembled imported components into consumer goods for export and liberalizing trading rights. In its 11th Five-Year Program, adopted in 2005, China placed greater emphasis on developing a consumer demand-driven economy to sustain economic growth and address imbalances.
Foreign investment.
China's investment climate has changed dramatically with more than two decades of reform. In the early 1980s, China restricted foreign investments to export-oriented operations and required foreign investors to form joint-venture partnerships with Chinese firms. The Encouraged Industry Catalogue sets out the degree of foreign involvement allowed in various industry sectors. From the beginning of the reforms legalizing foreign investment, capital inflows expanded every year until 1999. Foreign-invested enterprises account for 58–60% of China's imports and exports.
Since the early 1990s, the government has allowed foreign investors to manufacture and sell a wide range of goods on the domestic market, eliminated time restrictions on the establishment of joint ventures, provided some assurances against nationalization, allowed foreign partners to become chairs of joint venture boards, and authorized the establishment of wholly foreign-owned enterprises, now the preferred form of FDI. In 1991, China granted more preferential tax treatment for Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprises and contractual ventures and for foreign companies, which invested in selected economic zones or in projects encouraged by the state, such as energy, communications and transportation.
China also authorized some foreign banks to open branches in Shanghai and allowed foreign investors to purchase special "B" shares of stock in selected companies listed on the Shanghai and Shenzhen Securities Exchanges. These "B" shares sold to foreigners carried no ownership rights in a company. In 1997, China approved 21,046 foreign investment projects and received over $45 billion in foreign direct investment. China revised significantly its laws on Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprises and China Foreign Equity Joint Ventures in 2000 and 2001, easing export performance and domestic content requirements.
Foreign investment remains a strong element in China's rapid expansion in world trade and has been an important factor in the growth of urban jobs. In 1998, foreign-invested enterprises produced about 40% of China's exports, and foreign exchange reserves totalled about $145 billion. Foreign-invested enterprises today produce about half of China's exports (the majority of China's foreign investment come from Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), and China continues to attract large investment inflows. However, the Chinese government's emphasis on guiding FDI into manufacturing has led to market saturation in some industries, while leaving China's services sectors underdeveloped. From 1993 to 2001, China was the world's second-largest recipient of foreign direct investment after the United States. China received $39 billion FDI in 1999 and $41 billion FDI in 2000. China is now one of the leading FDI recipients in the world, receiving almost $80 billion in 2005 according to World Bank statistics. In 2006, China received $69.47 billion in foreign direct investment.
Foreign exchange reserves totaled $155 billion in 1999 and $165 billion in 2000. Foreign exchange reserves exceeded $800 billion in 2005, more than doubling from 2003. Foreign exchange reserves were $819 billion at the end of 2005, $1.066 trillion at the end of 2006, $1.9 trillion by June 2008. In addition, by the end of September 2008 China replaced Japan for the first time as the largest foreign holder of US treasury securities with a total of $585 billion, vs Japan $573 billion. China has now surpassed those of Japan, making China's foreign exchange reserves the largest in the world.
As part of its WTO accession, China undertook to eliminate certain trade-related investment measures and to open up specified sectors that had previously been closed to foreign investment. New laws, regulations, and administrative measures to implement these commitments are being issued. Major remaining barriers to foreign investment include opaque and inconsistently enforced laws and regulations and the lack of a rules-based legal infrastructure. Warner Bros., for instance, withdrew its cinema business in China as a result of a regulation that requires Chinese investors to own at least a 51 percent stake or play a leading role in a foreign joint venture.
Chinese investment abroad.
Outward foreign direct investment is a new feature of Chinese globalization, where local Chinese firms seek to make investments in both developing and developed countries. It was reported in 2011 that there was increasing investment by capital rich Chinese firms in promising firms in the United States. Such investments offer access to expertise in marketing and distribution potentially useful in exploiting the developing Chinese domestic market.
Mergers and acquisitions.
From 1993 to 2010, Chinese companies have been involved as either an acquiror or acquired company in 25,284 mergers and acquisitions with a total known value of US$969 billion. The number and value of deals hit a new record in 2010. The number of deals that happened in 2010 has been 3,640 which is an increase of 17% compared to 2009. The value of deals in 2010 was US$196 billion which is an increase of 25% compared to the year before.
Demographics.
Since the 1950s medical care, public hygiene and sanitation improved considerably, and epidemics were controlled. Consecutive generations continuously experienced better health. The population growth rate surged as the mortality rate dropped more rapidly than the birth rate. China's massive population has always been a major difficulty for the government as it has struggled to provide for it. In the 1950s, food supply was inadequate and the standard of living was generally low. This spurred the authorities to initiate a major birth control program. The Great Leap Forward industrial plan in 1958–60 was partially responsible for a huge famine that caused the death rate to surpass the birth rate, and by 1960, the overall population was declining. A second population control drive began in 1962 with major efforts focused on promoting late marriages and the use of contraceptives. By 1963 the country was in the beginning of recovery from the famine and the birth rate soared to its highest since 1949 with an annual population growth rate of 3%. In 1966, the Cultural Revolution suspended this second family planning program, but resumed four years later with the third attempt by making later marriage and family size limitation an obligation. Since 1970, the efforts have been much more effective. The third family planning program continued until 1979 when the one child per family policy was implemented. By the early 1980s, China's population reached around 1 billion and by the early 2000s, surpassed 1.3 billion. In the 1980s, the average overall population growth was around 1.5%. In the 1990s, this fell to about 1%. Today it is about 0.6%. China's population growth rate is now among the lowest for a developing country, although, due to its large population, annual net population growth is still considerable. One demographic consequence of the one-child policy is that China is now one of the most rapidly ageing countries in the world.
From 100 million to 150 million surplus rural workers are adrift between the villages and the cities, many subsisting through part-time, low-paying jobs.
According to the latest Forbes China Rich List (2007), China had 66 billionaires, the second largest number after the United States, which had 415. In the 2006 Forbes Rich List it stated that there were 15 Chinese billionaires. In the latest 2007 Hurun Report, it lists 106 billionaires in China.
Labor force.
In 2012, for the first time, according to statistics released by China's National Bureau of Statistics in January, 2013, the size of the labor force, people aged 15 to 59, in China shrank slightly to 937.27 million people, a decrease of 3.45 million from 2011. This trend, resulting from China's successful one-child policy of population control, is anticipated to continue for at least the next 20 years, to 2030.
Transportation and infrastructure.
Development of the country's transportation infrastructure is given a high priority because it is so strategically tied to the national economy and national defense. Regardless, the transportation infrastructure is still not fully developed in many aspects and areas, and it constitutes a major hindrance on economic growth and the efficient logistical movement of goods and people. China's transportation policy, influenced by political, military, and economic concerns, have undergone major changes since 1949.
Immediately after the People's Republic was founded, the primary goal was to repair existing transportation infrastructure in order to meet military transport and logistics needs as well as to strengthen territorial integrity. During most of the 1950s, new road and rail links were built, while at the same time old ones were improved. During the 1960s much of the improvement of regional transportation became the responsibility of the local governments, and many small railways were constructed. Emphasis was also placed on developing transportation in remote rural, mountainous, and forested areas, in order to integrate poorer regions of the country and to help promote economies of scale in the agricultural sector.
Before the reform era began in the late 1970s, China's transportation links were mostly concentrated in the coastal areas and access to the inner regions was generally poor. This situation has been improved considerably since then, as railways and highways have been built in the remote and frontier regions of the northwest and southwest. At the same time, the development of international transportation was also pursued, and the scope of ocean shipping was broadened considerably.
Freight haulage is mainly provided by rail transport. The rail sector is monopolized by China Railways, which is controlled by the Ministry of Railways and there is wide variation in services provided. In late 2007 China became one of the few countries in the world to launch its own indigenously developed high-speed train. As rail capacity is struggling to meet demand for the transport of goods and raw materials such as coal, air routes, roads and waterways are rapidly being developed to provide an increasing proportion of China's overall transportation needs.
Some economic experts have argued that the development gap between China and other emerging economies such as Brazil, Argentina and India can be attributed to a large extent to China's early focus on ambitious infrastructure projects: while China invested roughly 9% of its GDP on infrastructure in the 1990s and 2000s, most emerging economies invested only 2% to 5% of their GDP. This considerable spending gap allowed the Chinese economy to grow at near optimal conditions while many South American economies suffered from various development bottlenecks (poor transportation networks, aging power grids, mediocre schools...).
Science and technology.
Science and technology in China has in recent decades developed rapidly. The Chinese government has placed emphasis through funding, reform, and societal status on science and technology as a fundamental part of the socio-economic development of the country as well as for national prestige. China has made rapid advances in areas such as education, infrastructure, high-tech manufacturing, academic publishing, patents, and commercial applications and is now in some areas and by some measures a world leader. China is now increasingly targeting indigenous innovation and aims to reform remaining weaknesses.

</doc>
<doc id="19284338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284338" title="Monopsony">
Monopsony

In economics, a monopsony (from Ancient Greek μόνος ("mónos") "single" + ὀψωνία ("opsōnía") "purchase") is a market form in which only one buyer interfaces with many sellers.
The microeconomic theory of imperfect competition assumes the monopsonist can dictate terms to its suppliers, as the only purchaser of a good or service, much in the same manner that a monopolist is said to control the market for its buyers in a monopoly, in which only one seller faces many buyers.
In addition to its use in microeconomic theory, "monopsony" and "monopsonist" are descriptive terms often used to describe a market where a single buyer substantially controls the market as the major purchaser of goods and services. Examples include the military industry
and the space industry.
Etymology.
The term was first introduced by Joan Robinson in her influential book, "The Economics of Imperfect Competition", published in 1933. Robinson credited classics scholar Bertrand Hallward at the University of Cambridge with coining the term.
Examples.
A single-payer universal health care system, in which the government is the only "buyer" of health care services, is an example of a monopsony.
During the Cold War, the defense industry in the United States had a monopsonistic element in respect to major defense projects; strategic considerations limited the sole buyer (the United States Department of Defense) to procuring its needs from domestic suppliers, while there were virtually no other parties other than DoD with the interest or resources to purchase many of the suppliers' products. In the post-Cold War world, this has weakened somewhat, as more states have the need and ability to purchase sophisticated military equipment, and DoD is freer to purchase from foreign (particularly European) suppliers.
An interesting example of a situation where both a monopoly and a monopsony exist (a bilateral monopoly) involves the market for nuclear-powered aircraft carriers: the monopsony being with only one purchaser (the United States Navy) and the monopoly being with only one producer (Huntington Ingalls Industries, as their Newport News Shipbuilding division is the only place with the capacity to manufacture, overhaul, and decommission them).
It has also been argued that Walmart, in the United States, functions as a monopsony in certain market segments, as its buying power for a given item may dwarf the remaining market. Another possible monopsony could develop in the exchange between the food industry and farmers.
Prior to 2011, the state of Texas had almost total control over the K-12 textbooks in the whole US due to its market dominance. Although there are over 1,000 independent school districts in the state, the Texas Education Agency formerly set the curriculum for each course that all districts must follow, and therefore also formerly approved which textbooks could be used. Combined with Texas' large size, in the past Texas' textbook purchases far outweighed those of other buyers. Rule changes in 2011 gave local school boards authority to choose other textbooks, allowing the free market a chance to reassert itself.
Overview.
The term "monopsony power", in a manner similar to "monopoly power", is used by economists as a shorthand reference to buyers who face an upwardly sloping supply curve but that are not the only consumer; alternative terms are oligopsony or monopsonistic competition.
Static monopsony in a labor market.
The standard, textbook monopsony model refers to static, partial equilibrium in a labor market with just one employer who pays the same wage to all its workers. This model assumes that the employer is a firm facing an upward-sloping "labor supply curve" (as generally contrasted with an infinitely elastic labor supply curve), represented by the "S" blue curve in the diagram on the right. This curve relates the wage paid, formula_1, to the level of employment, formula_2, and is denoted as the increasing function formula_3. Total labor costs are then given by formula_4. Assume now that the firm has a total revenue formula_5, which increases with formula_2 according to the concave function formula_7. The firm wants to choose formula_2 to maximize profits, formula_9, which are given by:
This leads to the first-order condition:
Start solving the derivative of the right hand side with the sum rule:
Use the Product rule :formula_13 on the right hand side where f=w(L) and g=L:
Since :formula_15,
Maximum profits, formula_18, occurs where formula_19, since that is where a local maximum of the profit curve occurs, so set left hand side equal to 0:
Subtracting to put all R terms on one side and all w terms on the other:
Multiply both sides by -1:
The left-hand side of this expression, formula_23, is the "marginal revenue product" of labor (roughly, the extra revenue produced by an extra worker) and is represented by the red "MRP" curve in the diagram. The right-hand side is the "marginal cost" of labor (roughly, the extra cost due to an extra worker) and is represented by the green "MC" curve in the diagram. It should be noticed that this marginal cost is "higher" than the wage formula_3 paid to the new worker by the amount
This is because the firm has to increase the wage paid to all the workers it already employs whenever it hires an extra worker. In the diagram, this leads to an "MC" curve that is "above" the supply curve "S".
The first-order condition for maximum profit is then satisfied at point "A" of the diagram, where the "MC" and "MRP"  curves intersect. This determines the profit-maximising employment as "L" on the horizontal axis. The corresponding wage "w" is then obtained from the supply curve, through point "M".
The monopsonistic equilibrium at "M" should now be contrasted with the equilibrium that would obtain under competitive conditions. Suppose a competitor employer entered the market and offered a wage higher than that at "M". Then every employee of the first employer would choose instead to work for the competitor. Moreover, the competitor would gain all the former profits of the first employer, minus a less-than-offsetting amount from the wage increase of the first employer's employees, plus profits arising from additional employees who decided to work in the market because of the wage increase. But the first employer would respond by offering an even higher wage, poaching the new rival's employees, and so forth. In other words, a group of perfectly competitive firms would be forced, through competition, to intersection "C" rather than "M". Just as a monopoly is thwarted by the competition to win sales, minimizing prices and maximizing output, competition for employees between the employers in this case would maximize both wages and employment, as shown in the graph.
Welfare implications.
The lower employment and wages caused by monopsony power have two distinct effects on the economic welfare of the people involved. First, it redistributes welfare away from workers and to their employer(s). Secondly, it reduces the aggregate (or social) welfare enjoyed by both groups taken together, as the employers' net gain is smaller than the loss inflicted on workers.
The diagram on the right illustrates both effects, using the standard approach based on the notion of economic surplus. According to this notion, the workers' economic surplus (or net gain from the exchange) is given by the area between the "S" curve and the horizontal line corresponding to the wage, up to the employment level. Similarly, the employers' surplus is the area between the horizontal line corresponding to the wage and the "MRP" curve, up to the employment level. The "social" surplus is then the sum of these two areas.
Following such definitions, the grey rectangle, in the diagram, is the part of the competitive social surplus that has been redistributed from the workers to their employer(s) under monopsony. By contrast, the yellow triangle is the part of the competitive social surplus that has been lost by "both" parties, as a result of the monopsonistic restriction of employment. This is a net social loss and is called "deadweight loss". It is a measure of the market failure caused by monopsony power, through a wasteful misallocation of resources.
As the diagram suggests, the size of both effects increases with the difference between the marginal revenue product "MRP" and the market wage determined on the supply curve "S". This difference corresponds to the vertical side of the yellow triangle, and can be expressed as a proportion of the market wage, according to the formula:
The ratio formula_27 has been called the rate of exploitation, and it can be easily shown that it equals the reciprocal of the elasticity of the labour supply curve faced by the firm. Thus the rate of exploitation is zero under competitive conditions, when this elasticity tends to infinity. Empirical estimates of formula_27 by various means are a common feature of the applied literature devoted to the measurement of observed monopsony power.
Finally, it is important to notice that, while the gray-area redistribution effect could be reversed by fiscal policy (i.e., taxing employers and transferring the tax revenue to the workers), this is not so for the yellow-area deadweight loss. The market failure can only be addressed in one of two ways: either by breaking up the monopsony through anti-trust intervention, or by regulating the wage policy of firms. The most common kind of regulation is a binding minimum wage higher than the monopsonistic wage.
Minimum wage.
A binding minimum wage can be introduced either by law or through collective bargaining, and its possible effects in a special case are shown in the diagram on the right.
Here the minimum wage is "w''," higher than the monopsonistic "w". At this given wage the firm can now hire all the workers it wants, up to the supply curve, so that in the relevant employment range its marginal cost of labor becomes effectively constant and equal to "w'',", as shown by the new black horizontal line "MC'." Hence the firm maximizes profits at the new intersection point "A", choosing the employment level "L''," which is higher than the monopsonistic level "L". As the reader can check, the rate of exploitation has been reduced to zero.
More generally, a binding minimum wage modifies the form of the supply curve faced by the firm, which becomes:
where formula_3 is the original supply curve and formula_31 is the minimum wage. The new curve has thus a horizontal first branch and a kink at the point
as is shown in the diagram by the kinked black curve "MC' S". The resulting equilibria (the profit-maximizing choices that rational companies will make) can then fall into one of three classes according to the value taken by the minimum wage, as shown by the following table:
As it is now seen, the example illustrated by the diagram belongs to the third regime. As a result, there is an excess supply of labor – i.e. "involuntary unemployment" – equal to the segment "AB". So, although the exploitation rate has vanished, there is still a deadweight loss to society. This illustrates the problems that may arise when the proper level of the binding minimum wage is not exactly known, or cannot be enforced for political reasons.
Yet, even when it is sub-optimal, a minimum wage higher than the market rate raises the level of employment anyway. This is a highly remarkable result, because it only follows under monopsony. Indeed, under competitive conditions any minimum wage higher than the market rate would actually "reduce" employment, according to classical economic models. Thus, spotting the effects on employment of newly introduced minimum wage regulations is among the indirect ways economists use to pin down monopsony power in selected labor markets.
Wage discrimination.
Just like a monopolist, a monopsonistic employer may find that its profits are maximized if it "discriminates" prices. In this case this means paying different wages to different groups of workers even if their MRP is the same, with lower wages paid to the workers who have a lower elasticity of supply of their labor to the firm.
Researchers have used this fact to explain at least part of the observed wage differentials whereby women often earn less than men, even after controlling for observed productivity differentials. Robinson's original application of monopsony (1938) was developed to explain wage differentials between equally productive women and men. Ransom and Oaxaca (2004) found that women's wage elasticity is lower than that of men for employees at a grocery store chain in Missouri, controlling for other factors typically associated with wage determination. Ransom and Lambson (2011) found that female teachers are paid less than male teachers due to differences in labor market mobility constraints facing women and men. 
Some authors have argued informally that, while this is so for "market" supply, the reverse may somehow be true of the supply to individual firms. In particular, Manning and others have shown that, in the case of the UK Equal Pay Act, implementation has led to higher employment of women. Since the Act was effectively minimum wage legislation for women, this might perhaps be interpreted as a symptom of monopsonistic discrimination.
Dynamic problems.
In many real-world situations a monopsonist firm will have to maximise its profits "through time", rather than instantaneously as in the previous static model. In all such cases, any short-run outcomes will have to be balanced against longer-run ones, and the resulting equilibrium may differ.
The simplest dynamic model to bring out this idea, used in Boal and Ransom (1997), is one where the supply of labour to the firm reacts to wage changes with a lag, due for instance to information costs and search behaviour. Assume hence that the supply function has a distributed-lag specification, leading to:
where the subscript refers to the time period and formula_2 is increasing in both arguments. Inverting this function gives:
with
If the firm has a time-discount rate formula_37, the present value of profits is now given by:
The formula_39 first-order condition to maximise this present value is:
Define next the short-run simultaneous and lagged inverse supply elasticities respectively as:
Now, assume these elasticities to be constant over time. Assume further a steady state, with formula_42 and formula_43. Then the first-order condition gives the exploitation rate as:
Finally, the steady-state long-run inverse elasticity, formula_45, is given by the sum of the two short-run inverse elasticities defined above, and so one has:
The exploitation rate is thus a weighted average of the short- and long-run inverse supply elasticities, where the weight of the long-run one is much bigger, because formula_37 is much smaller than unity even when the discounting period is one year. It follows that, as the long-run (direct) supply elasticity of labour tends to be much higher than the short-run one, this very simple dynamic model predicts an exploitation rate which is much smaller than the one produced by static analysis.
However, less simplified dynamic models tell less simple stories. Even the employment effect of minimum wages is not as clear cut as static models would have.
Empirical problems.
The simplified dynamics sketched above suggests that the frequent observation of short-run relative inelasticity of labour supply to individual firms may not be very relevant to the diagnosis of significant monopsony power. Efforts to measure the size of the exploitation rate in specific labour markets have hence taken various forms:
The results of these empirical works are rarely unambiguous. However, even in cases such as coal miners or nurses, most US studies suggest rates of exploitation probably lower than marginal tax rates on workers' incomes, or union relative wage effects. The better documented instances of significant exploitation are found in the probably rare cases of explicit collusion, such as US baseball before the reserve clause.
Sources of labour monopsony power.
The simpler explanation of monopsony power in labour markets is barriers to entry on the "demand" side. In all such cases, oligopsony would result from oligopoly in the product markets of the industries that use that type of labour as input. If the hypothesis was generally true, one would then find a positive statistical correlation between exploitation, on one side, and industry concentration and firm size on the other. However, numerous statistical studies document significant positive correlations between firm or establishment size and "wages". These results, by themselves inconsistent with the oligopoly-oligopsony hypothesis, may be due to the prevalence of other factors, such as efficiency wages.
However, monopsony power might also be due to circumstances affecting entry of workers on the "supply" side, directly reducing the elasticity of labour supply to firms. Paramount among these are moving costs for workers, which are also a cause of differentiation among potential employees, possibly leading to discrimination (see above). But a similar effect might also be produced by all the institutional factors that limit labour mobility between firms, including job protection legislation. The vetting of employees in the government or the defense sector is another source of monopsonistic competition, as are requirements for professional certification, for example, a medical degree. Finally, as already noticed, a significant reduction in the short-run elasticity of supply may come from information costs and search behaviour.
An alternative that has been suggested as a source of monopsony power is worker preferences over job characteristics (Bhaskar and To, 1999; Bhaskar, Manning and To, 2002). Such job characteristics can include distance from work, type of work, location, the social environment at work, etc. If different workers have different preferences, employers have local monopsony power over workers that strongly prefer working for them.
Finally, monopsony power will occur when the average revenue product of labor increases with the amount of labor employed, due to economies of scale. In this case, the perfectly competitive solution (workers are paid their marginal revenue product) is not stable. In the long run, the firm may set wages equal to the average revenue product of labor, or engage in wage discrimination, paying wages closer to marginal product to markets (or workers) with higher elasticity of supply.
Public administration and product markets.
The same or similar empirical difficulties dog attempts to identify significant monopsony in non-labour markets, and specifically in markets for intermediate goods bought as inputs by very large firms. Among the most likely US candidates, one finds in the literature:
A related issue is the role of monopsony power from the point of view of anti-trust policy affecting vertical integrations. It has been argued that vertical integration by a monopsony – whereby the production of the previously bought input becomes an in-house operation – may reduce or eliminate the inefficiencies due to monopsonistic restriction of purchases.
In Australia, the Pharmaceutical Industry can be viewed as a kind of monopsony, as the Commonwealth government is the principal buyer of products through the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS).
In the US, journalists, including "Harper's" and the PBS program "Frontline", have made the case that Wal-Mart is a monopsonist, dictating terms to suppliers, whilst at the same time a monopolist dictating terms to consumers — at least in certain market segments.
It has been argued that Apple has in some ways become a monopsonist in that it can dictate terms to suppliers of electronic components.

</doc>
<doc id="19284345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284345" title="Santa Fe, New Mexico">
Santa Fe, New Mexico

Santa Fe (; (Tewa: Ogha Po'oge, )) is the capital of the United States state of New Mexico. It is the fourth-largest city in the state and is the seat of . Santa Fe is also the oldest capital city in the United States. Santa Fe (meaning “holy faith” in Spanish) had a population of 69,204 in 2012. It is the principal city of a Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses all of Santa Fe County and is part of the larger Albuquerque-Santa Fe-Las Vegas Combined Statistical Area. The city’s full name when founded was "La Villa Real de la Santa Fé de San Francisco de Asís" (“The Royal Town of the Holy Faith of St. Francis of Assisi”).
History.
Spain and Mexico.
The city of Santa Fe was originally occupied by a number of Pueblo Indian villages with founding dates between 1050 to 1150. One of the earliest known settlements in what today is downtown Santa Fe came sometime after 900. A Native American group built a cluster of homes that centered around the site of today’s Plaza and spread for half a mile to the south and west; the village was called Ogapoge. The Santa Fe River provided water to people living there. The Santa Fe River is a seasonal waterway which was a year round stream until the 1700s. As of 2007, the river was recognized as the most endangered river in the United States, according to the conservation group American Rivers.
Don Juan de Oñate led the first effort to colonize the region in 1598, establishing Santa Fé de Nuevo México as a province of New Spain. Under Juan de Oñate and his son, the capital of the province was the settlement of San Juan de los Caballeros north of Santa Fe near modern Ohkay Owingeh Pueblo. New Mexico's second Spanish governor, Don Pedro de Peralta, however, founded a new city at the foot of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains in 1607, which he called "La Villa Real de la Santa Fé de San Francisco de Asís", the Royal Town of the Holy Faith of Saint Francis of Assisi. In 1610, he made it the capital of the province, which it has almost constantly remained, making it the oldest state capital in the United States. 
Except for the years 1680–1692, when, as a result of the Pueblo Revolt, the native Pueblo people drove the Spaniards out of the area known as New Mexico, later to be reconquered by Don Diego de Vargas, Santa Fe remained Spain's provincial seat until the outbreak of the Mexican War of Independence in 1810. In 1824 the city's status as the capital of the Mexican territory of Santa Fé de Nuevo México was formalized in the 1824 Constitution.
United States.
The Republic of Texas had claimed Santa Fe as part of the western portion of Texas along the Rio Grande when it seceded from Mexico in 1836. In 1841, a small military and trading expedition set out from Austin, Texas, with the aim of gaining control over the Santa Fe Trail. Known as the Santa Fe Expedition, the force was poorly prepared and was easily captured by the Mexican army. In 1846, the United States declared war on Mexico, and Brigadier General Stephen W. Kearny led the main body of his Army of the West of some 1,700 soldiers into the city to claim it and the whole New Mexico Territory for the United States. By 1848 the U.S. officially gained New Mexico through the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Colonel Alexander William Doniphan, under the command of Kearny, recovered ammunition from Santa Fe labeled "Spain 1776", showing both the quality of communication and military support New Mexico received under Mexican rule.
American visitors saw little promise in the remote town. One traveller in 1849 wrote:
In 1851, Jean Baptiste Lamy arrived; in 1853 he became bishop of New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, and Colorado and traveled to France, Rome, Tucson, Los Angeles, St. Louis, New Orleans and Mexico City. He built Saint Francis Cathedral and shaped Catholicism in the region until his death in 1888.
For a few days in March 1862, the Confederate flag of General Henry Sibley flew over Santa Fe, until he was defeated by Union troops.
On October 21, 1887, "The Padre of Isleta", Anton Docher went to New Mexico where he was ordained as a priest in the St Francis Cathedral of Santa Fe by Bishop Jean-Baptiste Salpointe. After a few years spent in Santa Fe, Bernalillo and in Taos, he arrived in Isleta on December 28, 1891. He wrote an interesting ethnological article published in "The Santa Fé Magazine" on June,1913, in which he describes the early 20th century's life in the Pueblos.
Santa Fe was originally envisioned as an important stop on the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. But as the tracks progressed into New Mexico, the civil engineers decided that it was more practical to go through Lamy, a town in Santa Fe County to the south of Santa Fe. A branch line was completed from Lamy to Santa Fe in 1880 and the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad extended the narrow gauge Chili Line from the nearby city of Espanola to Santa Fe in 1886, but the result of bypassing Santa Fe was a gradual economic decline. This was reversed in part through the creation of a number of resources for the arts and archaeology, notably the School of American Research, created in 1907 under the leadership of the prominent archaeologist Edgar Lee Hewett. The first airplane to fly over Santa Fe was piloted by Rose Dugan, carrying Vera von Blumenthal as passenger. Together they started the development of the Pueblo Indian pottery industry, a major contribution to the founding of the annual Santa Fe Indian Market.
In 1912, New Mexico became the United States of America's 47th state, with Santa Fe as its capital.
20th century.
1912 Plan.
In 1912, when the town had only 5,000 people, the city's civic leaders designed and enacted a sophisticated city plan that incorporated elements of the City Beautiful movement, the city planning movement, and the German historic preservation movement. It anticipated limited future growth, considered the scarcity of water, and recognized the future prospects of suburban development on the outskirts. The planners foresaw conflicts between preservationists and scientific planners. They set forth the principle that historic streets and structures be preserved and that new development must be harmonious with the city's character.
Artists and tourists.
The mainline of the railroad bypassed Santa Fe, and it lost population. However artists and writers, as well as retirees, were attracted to the cultural richness of the area, the beauty of the landscapes and its dry climate. Local leaders began promoting the city as a tourist attraction. The city sponsored architectural restoration projects and erected new buildings according to traditional techniques and styles, thus creating the "Santa Fe style". Edgar L. Hewett, founder and first director of the School of American Research and the Museum of New Mexico in Santa Fe, was a leading promoter. He began the Santa Fe Fiesta in 1919 and the Southwest Indian Fair in 1922 (now known as the Indian Market). When he tried to attract a summer program for Texas women, many artists rebelled saying the city should not promote artificial tourism at the expense of its artistic culture. The writers and artists formed the Old Santa Fe Association and defeated the plan.
Japanese Internment Camp.
During World War II Santa Fe was the location of a Japanese American internment camp. Beginning in June 1942, the Department of Justice held 826 Japanese-American men in a Civilian Conservation Corps facility which had been acquired for the purpose. By September, the internees had been transferred to other facilities and the camp was used to hold German and Italian nationals. In February 1943 civilian detainees were transferred back to D.O.J. custody and the camp was expanded to hold 2,100 men. In 1945 four internees were seriously injured when violence broke out between the internees and guards in an event known as the Santa Fe Riot. Following the end of the war, the facility was closed and sold as surplus in 1946. The camp was located in what is now the Casa Solana neighborhood.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which, of it is land and of it (0.21%) is water.
Santa Fe is located at 7,199 feet (2134 m) above sea level, making it the highest state capital in the United States.
Climate.
Santa Fe experiences a semi-arid climate (Köppen "BSk"), with chilly winters, and very warm summers. The 24-hour average temperature in the city ranges from in December to in July. Due to the relative aridity and elevation, average diurnal temperature variation exceeds in every month, and much of the year. The city usually receives 6 to 8 snowfalls a year between November and April. Heaviest rainfall occurs in July and August, with the arrival of the North American Monsoon.
Santa Fe style and “The City Different”.
"This year we are making a studied conscious effort not to be studied or conscious. Santa Fe is now one of the most interesting art centers in the world and you, O Dude of the East, are privileged to behold the most sophisticated group in the country gamboling freely... And Santa Fe, making you welcome, will enjoy itself hugely watching the Dude as he gazes. Be sure as you stroll along looking for the quaint and picturesque that you are supplying your share of those very qualities to Santa Fe, the City Incongruous... Be yourself, even if it includes synthetic cowboy clothes, motor goggles and a camera." —1928 Santa Fe Fiesta Program
The Spanish laid out the city according to the “Laws of the Indies”, town planning rules and ordinances which had been established in 1573 by King Philip II. The fundamental principle was that the town be laid out around a central plaza. On its north side was the Palace of the Governors, while on the east was the church that later became the Cathedral Basilica of Saint Francis of Assisi.
An important style implemented in planning the city was the radiating grid of streets centering from the central Plaza. Many were narrow and included small alley-ways, but each gradually merged into the more casual byways of the agricultural perimeter areas. As the city grew throughout the 19th century, the building styles evolved too, so that by statehood in 1912, the eclectic nature of the buildings caused it to look like “Anywhere USA”. The city government realized that the economic decline, which had started more than twenty years before with the railway moving west and the federal government closing down Fort Marcy, might be reversed by the promotion of tourism.
To achieve that goal, the city created the idea of imposing a unified building style – the Spanish Pueblo Revival look, which was based on work done restoring the Palace of the Governors. The sources for this style came from the many defining features of local architecture: "vigas" (rough, exposed beams that extrude through supporting walls, and are thus visible outside as well as inside the building) and "canales" (rain spouts cut into short parapet walls around flat roofs), features borrowed from many old adobe homes and churches built many years before and found in the Pueblos, along with the earth-toned look (reproduced in stucco) of the old adobe exteriors.
After 1912 this style became official: all buildings were to be built using these elements. By 1930 there was a broadening to include the “Territorial”, a style of the pre-statehood period which included the addition of "portales" (large, covered porches) and white-painted window and door pediments (and also sometimes terra cotta tiles on sloped roofs, but with flat roofs still dominating). The city had become “different”. However, “in the rush to pueblofy” Santa Fe, the city lost a great deal of its architectural history and eclecticism. Among the architects most closely associated with this “new” style are T. Charles Gaastra and John Gaw Meem.
By an ordinance passed in 1957, new and rebuilt buildings, especially those in designated historic districts, must exhibit a Spanish Territorial or Pueblo style of architecture, with flat roofs and other features suggestive of the area's traditional adobe construction. However, many contemporary houses in the city are built from lumber, concrete blocks, and other common building materials, but with stucco surfaces (sometimes referred to as "faux-dobe", pronounced as one word: "foe-dough-bee") reflecting the historic style.
In a September 2003 report by Angelou Economics, it was determined that Santa Fe should focus their economic development efforts in the following seven industries: Arts and Culture, Design, Hospitality, Conservation Technologies, Software Development, Publishing and New Media, and Outdoor Gear and Apparel. Three secondary targeted industries for Santa Fe to focus development in are health care, retiree services, and food & beverage. Angelou Economics recognized three economic signs that Santa Fe’s economy was at risk of long term deterioration. These signs were; a lack of business diversity which tied the city too closely to fluctuations in tourism and the government sector; the beginnings of urban sprawl, as a result of Santa Fe County growing faster than the city, meaning people will move farther outside the city to find land and lower costs for housing; and an aging population coupled with a rapidly shrinking population of individuals under 45 years old, making Santa Fe less attractive to business recruits.
The seven industries recommended by the report “represent a good mix for short-, mid-, and long-term economic cultivation.” 
In 2005/2006, a consultant group from Portland, Oregon, prepared a “Santa Fe Downtown Vision Plan” to examine the long-range needs for the “downtown” area, roughly bounded by the Paseo de Peralta on the north, south and east sides and by Guadalupe Street on the west. In consultation with members of community groups, who were encouraged to provide feedback, the consultants made a wide range of recommendations in the plan now published for public and city review.
Government.
The city of Santa Fe is a charter city. It is governed by a mayor-council system. The city is divided into four electoral districts, each represented by two councilors. Councilors are elected to staggered four-year terms and one councilor from each district is elected every two years.
The municipal judgeship is an elected position and a requirement of the holder is that they be a member of the state bar. The judge is elected to four-year terms.
The mayor is the chief executive officer of the city and is a member of the governing body. The mayor has numerous powers and duties, but does not vote with the councilors except to break ties. Day-to-day operations of the municipality are undertaken by the city manager's office.
Federal representation.
The Joseph M. Montoya Federal Building and Post Office serves as an office for U.S. federal government operations. It also contains the primary United States Postal Service post office in the city. Other post offices in the Santa Fe city limits include Coronado, De Vargas Mall, and Santa Fe Place Mall.
The U.S. Courthouse building, constructed in 1889, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Arts and culture.
The city is well known as a center for arts that reflect the multicultural character of the city; it has been designated as a UNESCO Creative City in Design, Crafts and Folk Art.
Each Wednesday the alternative weekly newspaper, "The Santa Fe Reporter", publishes information on the arts and culture of Santa Fe; and each Friday, the daily "Santa Fe New Mexican" publishes "Pasatiempo", its long-running calendar and commentary on arts and events.
In 2012, the city was listed among the 10 best places to retire in the U.S. by CBS Money Watch and U.S. News.
Visual art and galleries.
The city and the surrounding areas have a high concentration of artists. They have come over the decades to capture the natural beauty of the landscape, the flora and the fauna. One of the most well-known New Mexico–based artists was Georgia O'Keeffe, who lived for a time in Santa Fe, but primarily in Abiquiu, a small village about away. The New Mexico Museum of Art and Georgia O'Keeffe Museum own several of her works. O'Keeffe's friend, western nature photographer Eliot Porter, died in Santa Fe.
Canyon Road, east of the Plaza, has the highest concentration of art galleries in the city, and is a major destination for international collectors, tourists and locals. The Canyon Road galleries showcase a wide array of contemporary, Southwestern, indigenous American, and experimental art, in addition to Russian, Taos Masters, and Native American pieces.
Sculpture.
There are many outdoor sculptures, including many statues of Francis of Assisi, and several other holy figures, such as Kateri Tekakwitha. The styles run the whole spectrum from Baroque to Post-modern. Notable sculptors connected with Santa Fe include John Connell, Luis Jiménez, Rebecca Tobey and Allan Houser.
Literature.
Numerous authors followed the influx of specialists in the visual arts. Well-known writers like D.H. Lawrence, Cormac McCarthy, Kate Braverman, Douglas Adams, Roger Zelazny, Alice Corbin Henderson, Mary Austin, Witter Bynner, Dan Flores, Paul Horgan, Rudolfo Anaya, George R. R. Martin, Mitch Cullin, Evan S. Connell, Richard Bradford, John Masters, Jack Schaefer, Michael Tobias, Hampton Sides and Michael McGarrity are or were residents of Santa Fe. Walker Percy lived on a dude ranch outside of Santa Fe before returning to Louisiana to begin his literary career.
Music, dance, and opera.
The Santa Fe Opera's productions take place between late June and late August each year. The city also hosts the Santa Fe Chamber Music Festival which is held at about the same time, mostly in the St. Francis Auditorium and in the Lensic Theater. Also in July and August, the Santa Fe Desert Chorale holds its summer festival. Santa Fe has its own professional ballet company, Aspen Santa Fe Ballet, which performs in both cities and tours nationally and internationally. Santa Fe is also home to internationally acclaimed Flamenco dancer's Maria Benitez Institute for Spanish Arts which offers programs and performance in Flamenco, Spanish Guitar and similar arts year round. Other notable local figures include the National Dance Institute of New Mexico and German New Age musician Deuter.
Museums.
Santa Fe has many museums located near the downtown Plaza:
Several other museums are located in the area known as Museum Hill:
Sports.
The New Mexico Style were an American Basketball Association franchise founded in 2005, but reformed in Texas for the 2007–8 season as the El Paso S'ol (which folded without playing an ABA game in their new city). The Santa Fe Roadrunners were a North American Hockey League team, but moved to Kansas to become the Topeka Roadrunners. Santa Fe's rodeo, the Rodeo De Santa Fe, is held annually the last week of June.
In May 2012 Santa Fe became the home of the Santa Fe Fuego of the Pecos League of Professional Baseball Clubs. They play their home games at Fort Marcy Park. Horse Racing events were held at The Downs at Santa Fe from 1971 until 1997.
Science and technology.
Santa Fe has had an association with science and technology since 1943 when the town served as the gateway to Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL), a 45 minute drive from the city. In 1984, the Santa Fe Institute (SFI) was founded to research complex systems in the physical, biological, economic, and political sciences. It hosts such Nobel laureates as Murray Gell-Mann (physics), Philip Warren Anderson (physics), and Kenneth Arrow (economics). The National Center for Genome Resources (NCGR) was founded in 1994 to focus on research at the intersection among bioscience, computing, and mathematics. In the 1990s and 2000s several technology companies formed to commercialize technologies from LANL, SFI, and NCGR. This community of companies has been dubbed the "Info Mesa."
Due to the presence of Los Alamos National Laboratory, Sandia National Laboratories and the Santa Fe Institute, and because of its attractiveness for visitors and an established tourist industry, Santa Fe routinely serves as a host to a variety of scientific meetings, summer schools, and public lectures, such as International q-bio Conference on Cellular Information Processing, Santa Fe Institute's Complex Systems Summer School, LANL's Center For Nonlinear Studies Annual Conference, and others.
Tourism.
After State government, tourism is a major element of the Santa Fe economy, with visitors attracted year-round by the climate and related outdoor activities (such as skiing in years of adequate snowfall; hiking in other seasons) plus cultural activities of the city and the region. Tourism information is provided by the convention and visitor bureau and the chamber of commerce.
Most tourist activity takes place in the historic downtown, especially on and around the Plaza, a one-block square adjacent to the Palace of the Governors, the original seat of New Mexico's territorial government since the time of Spanish colonization. Other areas include “Museum Hill”, the site of the major art museums of the city as well as the Santa Fe International Folk Art Market, which takes place each year during the second full weekend of July. The Canyon Road arts area with its galleries is also a major attraction for locals and visitors alike.
Some visitors find Santa Fe particularly attractive around the second week of September when the aspens in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains turn yellow and the skies are clear and blue. This is also the time of the annual Fiestas de Santa Fe, celebrating the "reconquering" of Santa Fe by Don Diego de Vargas, a highlight of which is the burning Zozobra ("Old Man Gloom"), a marionette.
Popular day-trips in the Santa Fe area include locations such as the town of Taos – about north of Santa Fe. The historic Bandelier National Monument and the Valles Caldera can be found about away. In addition, Santa Fe's ski area, Ski Santa Fe, is about north of the city.
Demographics.
As of the 2010 census, there were 67,947 people residing in the city. The racial makeup of the city residents was 78.9% White, 2.1% Native American; 1.4% Asian; and 3.7% from two or more races. A total of 48.7% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. Non-Hispanic Whites were 46.2% of the population.
As of the census of 2000, there were 62,203 people, 27,569 households, and 14,969 families living in the city. The population density was 1,666.1 people per square mile (643.4/km2). There were 30,533 housing units at an average density of 817.8 per square mile (315.8/km2). According to the Census Bureau's 2006 American Community Survey, the racial makeup of the city was 75% White, 2.5% Native American, 1.9% Asian, 0.4% African American, 0.3% Pacific Islander, 16.9% from other races, and 3.1% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 44.5% of the population.
There were 27,569 households out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.6% were married couples living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.7% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals living alone and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.90.
The age distribution was 20.3% under 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 91.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $40,392, and the median income for a family was $49,705. Males had a median income of $32,373 versus $27,431 for females. The per capita income for the city was $25,454. About 9.5% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.2% of those under age 18 and 9.2% of those age 65 or over.
Transportation.
Air.
Santa Fe is served by the Santa Fe Municipal Airport. Currently, American Eagle provides regional jet service to and from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport, which began on June 11, 2009. An additional flight to and from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport was added on November 19, 2009 alongside a new flight to and from Los Angeles International Airport. Since December 2012, Great Lakes Airlines has offered twice daily flight service between Santa Fe, NM and Denver, CO. Many people fly into the Albuquerque International Sunport and connect by other means to Santa Fe.
Road.
Santa Fe is located on I-25. In addition, U.S. Route 84 and U.S. Route 285 pass through the city along St. Francis Drive. NM-599 forms a limited-access road bypass around the northwestern part of the city.
In its earliest alignment (1926–1937) U.S. Route 66 ran through Santa Fe.
Public transportation.
Santa Fe Trails operates a number of bus routes within the city and also provides connections to regional transit.
The New Mexico Rail Runner Express is a commuter rail service operating in Valencia, Bernalillo (including Albuquerque), Sandoval, and Santa Fe Counties. In Santa Fe County, the service uses of new right-of-way connecting the BNSF Railway's old transcontinental mainline to existing right-of-way in Santa Fe used by the Santa Fe Southern Railway. Santa Fe is currently served by three stations, Santa Fe Depot, South Capitol, and Santa Fe County/NM 599. A fourth station, Zia Road, is under construction and does not yet have a planned opening date.
New Mexico Park and Ride, a division of the New Mexico Department of Transportation, and the North Central Regional Transit District operate primarily weekday commuter coach/bus service to Santa Fe from Torrance, Rio Arriba, Taos, San Miguel and Los Alamos Counties in addition to shuttle services within Santa Fe connecting major government activity centers. Prior to the Rail Runner's extension to Santa Fe, New Mexico Park and Ride operated commuter coach service between Albuquerque and Santa Fe.
Rail.
Along with the New Mexico Rail Runner Express, a commuter rail line serving the metropolitan areas of Albuquerque and Santa Fe, the city or its environs are served by two other railroads. The Santa Fe Southern Railway, now mostly a tourist rail experience but also carrying freight, operates excursion services out of Santa Fe as far as Lamy, to the southeast. The Santa Fe Southern line is one of the United States' few rails with trails. Lamy is also served by Amtrak's daily "Southwest Chief" for train service to Chicago, Los Angeles, and intermediate points. Passengers transiting Lamy may use a special connecting coach/van service to reach Santa Fe.
Trails.
Multi-use bicycle, pedestrian, and equestrian trails are increasingly popular in Santa Fe, for both recreation and commuting. These include the Dale Ball Trails, a network starting within two miles () of the Santa Fe Plaza; the long Santa Fe Rail Trail to Lamy; and the Santa Fe River Trail, which is in development. Santa Fe is the terminus of three National Historic Trails: El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro National Historic Trail, the Old Spanish National Historic Trail, and the Santa Fe National Historic Trail.
Education.
Santa Fe has 3 major High Schools:
The public schools in Santa Fe are operated by Santa Fe Public Schools, The city has three private liberal arts colleges: St. John's College, Santa Fe University of Art and Design (formerly the College of Santa Fe), and Southwestern College; plus Santa Fe Community College and the Institute of American Indian Arts.
The city has six private college preparatory high schools: Santa Fe Waldorf School, St. Michael's High School, Desert Academy, New Mexico School For The Deaf, Santa Fe Secondary School, and Santa Fe Preparatory School. Santa Fe is home to the Santa Fe Indian School, an off-reservation school for Native Americans. Santa Fe is also the location of the New Mexico School for the Arts, a public-private partnership, arts-focused, high school. There are also several charter schools, including Monte Del Sol, the Academy for Technology and the Classics and Tierra Encantada Charter High School. The city has many private elementary schools as well, including Little Earth, Santa Fe International Elementary School, Rio Grande School, Desert Montessori School, La Mariposa Montessori,The Tara School, Fayette Street Academy, and The Santa Fe Girls' School.The Academy for the Love of Learning located in southeast Santa Fe.
Further reading.
[http://www.amazon.com/The-Adventures-Marigold-Michael-Tobias/sim/1877333093/2]

</doc>
<doc id="19284351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284351" title="Florian Goebel">
Florian Goebel

Florian Goebel (18 October 1972 – 10 September 2008) was a German astrophysicist attached to the Max Planck Institute for Physics in Munich. He had also been a member of DESY, a German-based research center that develops and runs several particle accelerators and detectors, most notably the ZEUS project. 
At the time of his death he was managing the MAGIC II telescope project, the companion to the MAGIC (Major Atmospheric Gamma-ray Imaging Cherenkov) telescope situated 85 metres from its counterpart at the Roque de los Muchachos Observatory on La Palma, one of the Canary Islands. Goebel died after falling from a height of about ten metres as he was working on the camera of the telescope. He was aged 35. His death led to the suspension of the official inauguration date for MAGIC II, originally set for 19 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19284353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284353" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 25 (2002)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 25 (2002)

Ballot Measure 25 of 2002 increased Oregon's minimum wage from $6.50 to $6.90 per hour and required an annual increase to compensate for inflation in future years. Inflation is measured by the consumer price index. , the minimum wage in Oregon is $8.50 an hour. The measure was approved in the November 5, 2002 general election with 645,016 votes in favor, 611,658 votes against.The measure was placed on the ballot as a result of initiative petition.
Arguments for and against.
Proponents included labor unions, the Oregon Catholic Conference, and other advocates for the poor. They pointed out the difficulty of raising a family on the current minimum wage, and argued that tying the minimum wage to inflation was more fair. Rather than teenage workers, supporters argued that many minimum wage earners were adults supporting children.
Opponents feared that a minimum wage increase would prolong the recession Oregon was experiencing at the time, pointed out that Oregon already had a relatively high minimum wage (compared with other U.S. states), and argued that indexing the wage to the consumer price index would unfairly punish rural communities, since the CPI is based on prices in cities.
Detailed history.
The measure was sponsored by future Oregon Commissioner of Labor and Industries Dan Gardner and state Representative Diane Rosenbaum.
In 2003, the Republican-controlled Oregon House of Representatives approved a bill (House Bill 2624) that would repeal the part of Measure 25 that ties the minimum wage to inflation. As of April 2003, however, observers did not expect the bill to pass the Oregon State Senate (which was then evenly split between Republicans and Democrats) or be signed by Democratic Governor Ted Kulongoski. The bill was not taken up in the Senate's 2003 session, and the Senate is now majority Democrat, suggesting it is unlikely to be taken up in the foreseeable future.

</doc>
<doc id="19284357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284357" title="William Richert">
William Richert

William Richert (born in 1942 in Florida) is an American film director, film producer, screenwriter and actor. He is best known for his performance as Bob in the 1991 Gus van Sant film "My Own Private Idaho".
At age 17, he hopped a bus to Hollywood. At the age of 19, he interviewed Richard Nixon's daughters Tricia and Julie, as part of a planned documentary titled "Presidents' Daughters". He directed several other documentaries (including "Derby", and "A Dancer's Life") and the feature films "Winter Kills", "The American Success Company", "A Night in the Life of Jimmy Reardon", and "The Man in the Iron Mask" (also known as "The Mask of Dumas"). 
"Reardon" was originally distributed by 20th Century Fox, and has since been re-cut and re-issued independently as "Aren't You Even Going To Kiss Me Goodbye?"
Richert sued the Writers Guild of America over not being credited on the screenplay of the film "The American President". Richert claimed Sorkin's screenplay was a thinly-veiled plagiarism of Richert's 1981 'The President Elopes', and that the television series The West Wing was derived from part of the same screenplay. After Guild arbitration, Aaron Sorkin was awarded full credit on "American President".
Richert also sued the Directors Guild of America over its collection of overseas levies for American directors who are not members.
He currently resides in Santa Monica, California, where he is developing a new mob drama, 'The Vindicator'.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19284371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284371" title="Greentech Media">
Greentech Media

Greentech Media is a media company based in Massachusetts, United States, that generates research and news on the green technology market. 
It was founded in February 2007 by Scott Clavenna and Rick Thompson, and announced that it had raised $1 million in Series-A venture capital funding the following May. It announced another $2.75 million Series-B round in May 2008. The company currently has four offices, in Boston, New York, San Francisco and Munich.
Deal summary.
Greentech Media Inc. has released quarterly data showing that venture capital investment in green technologies totaled US $1.2 billion in 85 deals in the second quarter of 2009. This is up from $836 million in 59 deals in the first quarter of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19284379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284379" title="Bohuslav Brauner">
Bohuslav Brauner

Bohuslav Brauner (May 8, 1855 – February 15, 1935) was a Czech chemist.
Brauner was a student of Robert Bunsen at the University of Heidelberg and later of Henry Roscoe at the University of Manchester. Brauner became lecturer for chemistry at the University of Prague in 1883 and professor in 1890. He worked on the chemistry of the lanthanides, and in 1902 proposed that an element was missing between neodymium and samarium; it was later found to be promethium. Brauner's conflict with Carl Auer von Welsbach about the priority for the discovery that didymium is a mixture of two elements (praseodymium and neodymium) was harsh. However, in the end Brauner withdrew his claims for unknown reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19284382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284382" title="Duane Armstrong">
Duane Armstrong

Duane Albert Armstrong is an American painter, best known for his oil on canvas paintings. He was born December 25, 1938 in Fresno California, and was raised near San Luis Obispo California. His mother taught him to paint as a child.
His best-known works are his "Fields of Grass" series of oil on canvas paintings, which depict California landscapes and are noted for their inclusion of a small ladybug near the bottom of some or all of the paintings in the series. A story claims that he began adding the ladybug to his "Fields of Grass" paintings after a customer saw one in another painting and requested he add it to the painting she just bought.
He has painted over 7,000 paintings over the years, over 185 of which are in print, including reproductions by Heritage Publications, Illinois Moulding Co., Windsor Art Co., Turner Art Co., Continental Art Co., and Art Market International. His work is included in the exhibitions of Stanford University, The de Saisset Museum at Santa Clara University, and in the Armstrong/Waters Cal Poly Graphic Communication Support Program gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="19284402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284402" title="Arboretum de Matton-Clémency">
Arboretum de Matton-Clémency

The Arboretum de Matton-Clémency (1 hectare) is an arboretum located in Matton-et-Clémency, Ardennes, Champagne-Ardenne, France. The arboretum was created by volunteers, and now contains 150 species of trees, as well as a pergola, waterwheel, and pond with bridge. It is open daily without charge.

</doc>
<doc id="19284410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284410" title="HMS Racer">
HMS Racer

Six ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Racer"

</doc>
<doc id="19284425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284425" title="1996 UCI Road World Championships">
1996 UCI Road World Championships

The 1996 UCI Road World Championships took place in Lugano, Switzerland, between October 9 and October 13, 1996. The event consisted of a road race and a time trial for men, women and men under 23.

</doc>
<doc id="19284447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284447" title="M13 road (Durban)">
M13 road (Durban)

The M13 is a metropolitan road in Durban, South Africa.
Route.
The route starts in the Durban Central Business District. For the first few kilometres of its length, it runs parallel to the N3 on both sides as King Ndinuzulu Road North and King Ndinuzulu Road South (former Berea Road). At the Tollgate Bridge, it then turns to the south and passes through Mayville, before crossing under the N3 and passing through Sherwood.
At 45th Cutting, the route becomes a dual-carriageway freeway for the rest of its length. The route passes over the N2 (providing no access to it), and passes through Westville and Cowies Hill. The route then briefly touches the N3 at the Paradise Valley interchange, before passing through Pinetown.
After Pinetown, the route goes up Field's Hill, a 3km 1:15 gradient (this section is notorious for heavy vehicle accidents that can close an entire carriageway of the road). The route then passes through Kloof and Gillitts, before the R103 diverges, providing access to Hillcrest. The route then passes south of Hillcrest and through Assagay before merging with the N3, where it ends.
The route is roughly 35km long.
Significance.
The M13 is the main thoroughfare to Durban for residents of Westville, Pinetown, Kloof, Gillitts and Hillcrest.
The M13 between the Paradise Valley interchange and its termination at the N3 used to be part of the N3 route until 1986, when the N3 was re-routed to pass south of Pinetown, Westmead and Winston Park. The M13 remains an alternative route to the N3, and is commonly used by motorists wishing to avoid the Mariannhill Toll Plaza, located on the N3 outside Westmead.

</doc>
<doc id="19284469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284469" title="Volvo F88">
Volvo F88

The Volvo F88/F89 was a series of heavy-duty trucks produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1965 and 1977.
Volvo F88.
Volvo presented the forward control F88 in 1965. The truck was the first part of the company's export-oriented "System 8", which served as basis for the truck giant Volvo is today. The cab was introduced on the predecessor Titan Tiptop in 1964, but the rest of the truck was redesigned. This included a new engine, a new eight-speed gear box and stronger chassis and suspension.
A derivative was the G88 introduced in 1970, which was basically the same vehicle but with the front axle fitted further forward to allow greater axle spread. This was necessary to increase the GCWR up to .
Volvo F89.
1970 saw the introduction of the larger F89 and G89 with a twelve litre engine. The truck and the engine were designed to meet a West German regulation that put a lower limit for the number of horsepower per GCWR. In order to continue selling trucks in the heaviest class, Volvo developed a new, more powerful engine and the F89 was the first Volvo truck to be sold with turbo engines only. The TD120 engine was so tall that it must be mounted inclined in the frame to fit under the cab. This made it impossible to convert the truck for right-hand drive. Countries with left-hand traffic had to make do with a stronger version of the F88 with its engine power boosted to .

</doc>
<doc id="19284492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284492" title="John Arthur Martinez">
John Arthur Martinez

John Arthur Martinez (born June 10, 1961 in Austin, Texas) is an American country music artist. Martinez finished in second place on the first season of the USA Network talent show "Nashville Star". In 2004, Martinez released a studio album for Dualtone Records, which produced one single on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19284512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284512" title="Ling Jie">
Ling Jie

Ling Jie (born October 22, 1982) is a retired Chinese artistic gymnast. She was the 1999 World Champion on the balance beam, the 2000 Chinese all-around national champion, and the silver medalist on the uneven bars at the 2000 Olympics in Sydney.
Ling was also a member of the bronze medal winning team at the 2000 Olympics, but the medal was stripped by the IOC in 2010 after one of the Chinese team members, Dong Fangxiao, was found to be underage during the competition. In March 2012, the 1999 World Championship Team Bronze was forfeited by China and given to Ukraine in light of the same information. 
She is the innovator of a skill on the uneven bars that bears her name in the Code of Points: the "Ling," a full pirouetting front giant starting and ending in the inverted grip.

</doc>
<doc id="19284519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284519" title="Arboretum de la Pipe Qui Fume">
Arboretum de la Pipe Qui Fume

The Arboretum de la Pipe Qui Fume (4 hectares) is an arboretum located in the Forêt Domaniale des Hazelles at Bogny-sur-Meuse, Ardennes, Champagne-Ardenne, France. It is open daily without charge.
The arboretum site was found in 1996 by the Société d’Histoire Naturelle des Ardennes, and is currently managed by the Office National des Forêts which offers guided tours. It contains trees including ash and maple, shrubs, perennial plants, ferns, and annual flowers, growing about a deep ravine with slopes to 35%.

</doc>
<doc id="19284526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284526" title="F99">
F99

F99 or F-99 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19284541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284541" title="Jalaur River">
Jalaur River

Jalaur River, also known as Jalaud River is the second largest river in island of Panay and the 17th largest river system in the Philippines in terms of drainage basin size. It has an estimated drainage area of 1,503 square kilometers and travels 123 kilometers from its source to its mouth in the Guimaras Strait. It drains the eastern portion of the island and traverses through Passi City and the towns of Leganes, Zarraga, Dumangas, Barotac Nuevo, Pototan, Dingle, San Enrique, Duenas, and Calinog.
The river is of great economic importance to the province of Iloilo. It provides irrigation to farmlands in the province as well as providing a source of potable water for its inhabitants.
Geography.
Discharge.
The river has an annual average discharge of 40.29 m³/second.
Flooding.
The lower reached of Jalaur River experiences seasonal flooding. When there is heavy downpour, during the months of June–September, the river overflows and floods the surrounding area. Panay island is also located within the typhoon belt, which experiences several typhoons annually, is also a major factor of flooding of the river.
Economic Importance.
Jalaur River is used in irrigating 15,519 hectares in the province of Iloilo through the Jalaur River Irrigation System.
The Metro Iloilo Water District Services, the potable water provider for Iloilo City also source out some of their water requirement from the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19284544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284544" title="Love Is Blind (Limahl album)">
Love Is Blind (Limahl album)

Love Is Blind was first released in 1992 (on Bellaphon music label in Germany, and on Jimco label in Japan, the only two countries where the record was ever marketed), and was the third studio album by pop rock/dance singer Limahl. The work was also released in other two German-speaking countries of central Europe, namely Austria and Switzerland.
The record.
The album mainly contains pop and dance-oriented tunes, and it is entirely produced by Limahl himself, with the help of a number of co-producers, including the Academy Award-winning English orchestra composer and pop musician Anne Dudley, and writer/producer Graham Stack, who has written and produced hit records for many artists including Kylie Minogue, Tina Turner, Take That, Rod Stewart and Steps, though Limahl's own record wasn't particularly successful at the time. In fact, none of the singles or the album itself ever entered the charts in any of the few countries of release.
The two editions of the record and the four singles taken.
The 12-track Japanese edition also includes two bonus tracks, which are not featured on the 10-track German edition, these being "Stop (Long Dub Version)" and "Maybe This Time (Dub Version)", the original versions of which were both taken as singles to promote the album. Strangely enough, both of these singles were released under the semi-fictitious pseudonym «Bassline featuring Limahl», behind which lies the artist himself, appearing as «LUC», standing for «Limahl Under Cover». 
The album produces two more singles, i.e. the title track, "Love Is Blind", and a new remix, with a more modern sound, of "Too Shy", which, back in 1983, was originally a UK Number One for Kajagoogoo, the band Limahl was the lead singer of for a short while, in the first half of 1983, again in 2003-2004 for VH1 "Bands Reunited" series, and finally once again since 2008. With them, the singer is currently recording a new studio album and, at the same time, touring Europe: after debuting in Denmark and performing in Scotland, during two rock festivals in Summer, the tour will move to Germany, in November, and then to England, in December 2008. 
In Germany alone, where either Kajagoogoo and Limahl's popularity, though a 25-year long separation as a five-piece band, and almost as long an inactivity in general, was always maintained, Limahl's third solo work was first released in October 1992, and re-released in 1998. Unlike his first two long playing works, 1984 "Don't Suppose" and 1986 "Colour All My Days", only out as vinyl LPs and as MCs, and never so far digitally re-released in their entirety, Limahl's third album was released exclusively as a CD, without being marketed anyway neither in the UK nor in any other countries outside of Japan and central Europe, though fans' requests.

</doc>
<doc id="19284555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284555" title="Shri Krishna Memorial Hall">
Shri Krishna Memorial Hall

Shri Krishna Memorial Hall is a conference hall near Gandhi Maidan, Patna in honour of the first Chief Minister of Bihar, Sri Krishna Sinha.

</doc>
<doc id="19284581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284581" title="Risk breakdown structure">
Risk breakdown structure

Risk Breakdown Structure (RBS) - A hierarchically organised depiction of the identified project risks arranged by category.
An Introduction to the Risk Breakdown Structure.
When planning a project to meet targets for cost, schedule, or quality, it is useful to identify likely risks to the success of the project. A risk is any possible situation that is not planned for, but that, if it occurs, is likely to divert the project from its planned result. For example, an established project team plans for the work to be done by its staff, but there is the risk that an employee may unexpectedly leave the team.
In Project Management, the "Risk Management Process" has the objectives of identifying, assessing, and managing risks, both positive and negative. All too often, project managers focus only on negative risk, however, good things can happen in a project, "things" that were foreseen, but not expressly planned.
The objective of Risk Management is to predict risks, assess their likelihood and impact, and to actively plan what should be done ahead of time to best deal with situations when they occur.
The risk management process usually occurs in five distinct steps: risk management planning, risk identification, risk analysis, risk response planning, and risk monitoring and control.
The central point of risk identification and assessment in risk management is understanding the risk. However, this is also where project managers and risk subject matter experts (SMEs) get the least help from recognized references, best practices, or work standards.
Currently, the Project Management Institute (PMIr) has a team of SMEs working on a Practice Standard for Risk Management. This team has identified one very good tool: the Risk Breakdown Structure (RBS). The RBS helps the project manager, the risk manager, and almost any stakeholder to understand, and therefore be able to identify and assess risk.
What is a "Risk Breakdown Structure?".
The RBS will prove extremely valuable to better grasp when a project needs to receive special scrutiny, in other words, when risk might happen. The RBS can also help the project manager and the risk manager to better understand recurring risks and concentrations of risk that could lead to issues that affect the status of the project.
Following the concept of the Work Breakdown Structure (WBS), the Risk Breakdown Structure provides a means for the project manager and risk manager to structure the risks being addressed or tracked. Just as PMI defines the Work Breakdown Structure as a "deliverable-oriented grouping of project elements that organizes and defines the total work scope of the project..." the RBS could be considered as a "hierarchically organized depiction of the identified project risks arranged by risk category."
In project management language, risks include anything unplanned and unforeseen that can have a negative impact on the project’s costs, timing or quality. A good project manager should be able to manage the risks effectively and get the project on track.
Many project managers and risk managers currently use "home-grown" methods for listing, identifying, assessing, and tracking risks in their projects. These methods include: spreadsheets, listing, generic risk taxonomy, based somewhat loosely on various standards and guidelines.
An approach that simply places the risks in a list, a simple table, or even in a database does not provide the strength of using a structured, organized method similar to a Work Breakdown Structure. To fully understand the risks and better identify and assess the risk, a "deep-dive" into each risk, recording as many levels of identification as necessary, may be required. The project value of placing risks in a structure such as this lies in the ability of the project manager and risk manager to then quickly and easily identify and assess the risk, identify the potential risk triggers, and develop a more robust risk response plan
. If all risks are placed in a hierarchical structure as they are identified, and the structure is organized by source, the total risk exposure to the project can be more easily understood, and planning for the risk more easily accomplished.
Templates for creating a Risk Breakdown Structure.
The concept of the RBS is new. The PMBoK (2004), barely references its use; however, the PMI Standards team has incorporated the RBS in the "Practice Standard for Risk Management" (draft for release in 2009). The PMBoK provides an example graphic of the RBS in Chapter 11, Figure 11.4. This reference has as major topics: Technical, External, Organizational, and Project Management. Another source provides the following major topics: Technical, Management, Organizational, External, and Project Management. Dr. David Hillson, in the proceedings of the Project Management Institute Annual Seminars and Symposium, on Oct. 3-10, 2002, provided several different RBS Structure examples, with topics similar to those already shown. Dr. Hillson broke out two different examples, an RBS for Software Development, which had the following major topics: Product Engineering, Development Environment, Program Constraints; and an RBS for Construction Design, which has these major topics: Environment, Industry, Client, Project.
Each RBS is broken into "levels", with each level providing a more in-depth "view" of the identified risk. As an example, in creating a RBS for software development, Level 1 of the RBS might be Technical, followed by Level 2, Requirements, followed by Level 3, Functional Requirements, Informational Requirements, Non-functional Requirements, etc. If desired, Level 3 can be further refined with Level 4, Stability, Completeness, Functionality, Interfaces, Testability, etc., Level 5, etc.
Once the project team has created its RBS, then individual risks can be identified. Several different techniques for defining the individual risks are available, including brain-storming, surveys, workshops, etc. Each identified risk needs to be categorized, and placed in the RBS under a specific topic (or topics if the risk spans two or more topics, such as a risk in gathering requirements might span Technical, organizational and project management.
After the RBS has completed its first "pass" in the creation phase, it can then become an input to qualitative risk analysis, where probabilities, priorities, and impacts are determined.
Creation of tailor-made Risk Breakdown Structures.
Construction projects, like all complex activities, involve many partners with different objectives, who are subjected to many risks in an uncertain environment. In practice, different project stakeholders have different understanding and perception of project risks. Each one identifies and analyzes the project risks regarding his objectives, risk attitude and special perspective to project risks without relying on a common and shared methodology. This is why in most of construction projects, discussing the project risks and making risk based decisions are of common difficulties which may also cause to disputes between project parties. Also, the project risk management is a scalable activity and should be commensurate with the size, level of available information and complexity of the project under consideration. Furthermore, this process is iterative, since in each phase of the project, new information is available and some predicted risks events occur while others will not, new unpredicted risk events may occur or may be identified, and the characteristics of those already identified may change. Thus, an iterative risk management should be carried out at all stages of the project life cycle. As consequence, the project risk management process has to be tailored for each particular case and project. 
Dr. Rasool Mehdizadeh has developed a methodology for a dynamic, multi-scale and multi-perspective risk management of construction projects. This method is based on the application of tailor-made risk breakdown structures (RBS) which are well adapted to: (1) the stage and degree of development of project, (2) specific requirements and objectives of project stakeholders, and (3) required level of details. Using this method, each of the project stakeholders, at each stage of the project, considering his/her special view to project risks, can build his/her own specific RBS. Moreover, the RBS can also be tailored as a shared support for all the project stakeholders in order to facilitate understanding and discussing project risks. Using these tailored RBSs which are all generated using a unique procedure and knowledge database, each of project stakeholders can identify, analyze and represent the project risks regarding his/her point of view and requirements. The method ensures the consistency of all these perspectives.
Using the Risk Breakdown Structure.
The RBS serves as more than just a "database" for identifying risks to the project. When created, the RBS provides a vehicle for risk analysis and reporting, and risk comparison across projects. Most importantly, the RBS is "the" tool for risk identification.
Risk Identification.
Risk identification will be the first step in determining which risks may affect a project. Identification also provides documentation of the risk characteristics. The first level (Level 1) of the RBS can be used as a sanity check to make certain that all topics that might include risk are covered during the risk identification process. Using the RBS, an iterative process can be initiated that will persist throughout the project life-cycle. The frequency and applicability of this iterative process will be different in each phase of the life-cycle
Using a risk identification checklist that is focused on the RBS, using Levels 2, 3 and below, assists in identifying specific and generic risks. This checklist can then become a part of the project managers' and risk managers' tool set for future projects.
Risk identification leads to quantitative risk analysis, conducted by the Project Risk Manager. Interestingly, sometimes merely identifying the risk will suggest the proper response, which can be entered into the Risk Response Plan.
Risk Analysis.
Qualitative Risk Analysis.
Risk analysis is more easily achieved if, after identification, the risks are placed in proper perspective within the RBS by categorizing the risks in the various levels. Risk analysis involves the use of techniques for prioritizing the risk, determining the probability of the risk, and calculating the impact of the risk. At no point should the project manager or risk manager decide that the total number of identified risks should cause the cancellation of the project. The total number does not take into account the probability with which the risk will occur, nor the impact to the project, should the risk occur. A few risks, with high probabilities and high impact, are far more critical to the overall success of the project than a large number of risks with low probability and minimal impact. Using the RBS, the project manager and the risk manager should create a "risk score" based on the priority, probability and impact of each risk, and with each "group" of risks (according to the appropriate Level of the RBS).
Using the RBS also offers other valuable understanding into the analysis of the identified risks. Some of these new understandings are:
Another benefit of the RBS is the ability to focus risk responses to the high probability, high impact, high priority risks using the risk topic groupings.
A specific method was developed by Dr. Mehdizadeh in order to: (1) calculate risk values of risk events regarding different project objectives, (2) aggregate the risk values through the RBS branches and also (3) to calculate global risk score of project. The method combines consistently the quantitative and qualitative approaches, allowing the user to choose the best one for risk assessment at any level, based on the available information and required accuracy. In this method, at the first step, the probability and impact factors of risk events are assessed quantitatively or qualitatively. Two concomitant scales are used: a continuous cardinal scale and a discrete ordinal scale ranging from 1 to 5. Each scale has its own advantage. Continuous scale is closer to physical reality and has a more concrete meaning while discrete scale has a strong symbolic value. The assessments based on each of these scales can be converted to the other one following a defined process. At the second step, the risk values of risk events are calculated and then aggregated through the RBS branches in order to calculate the risk values of risk categories. Finally, application of a multi-criteria decision method allows calculating the global risk score of each category. This method provides a more consistent approach to get more realistic results without suffering from the usual weaknesses of available methods cited in literature.
Summary.
Effective risk management demands that the project manager and risk manager fully understand the risks of a project. A successful risk management process would also require a good knowledge and understanding of the business objectives of the project. During risk identification, a large volume of risks can be identified. Simply listing these risks or putting them in a spreadsheet or database does not provide the in-depth understanding of the identified risks necessary to allow a solid risk response planning task. The RBS provides the tool necessary to assist in identifying risks, analyzing risks, and creating a successful risk response plan, and it provides a vehicle for "deep-dives" into the complexity of the risk. Using a hierarchical RBS, similar in its design to the WBS, allows the project and risk managers the opportunity to carefully align the risks in proper categories, using as deep an analysis as time and resources would permit.

</doc>
<doc id="19284585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284585" title="Khmaladze transformation">
Khmaladze transformation

In statistics, the Khmaladze transformation is a mathematical tool used in constructing convenient goodness of fit tests for hypothetical distribution functions. More precisely, suppose formula_1 are i.i.d., possibly multi-dimensional, random observations generated from an unknown probability distribution. A classical problem in statistics is to decide how well a given hypothetical distribution function formula_2, or a given hypothetical parametric family of distribution functions formula_3, fits the set of observations. The Khmaladze transformation allows us to construct goodness of fit tests with desirable properties. It is named after Estate V. Khmaladze.
Consider the sequence of empirical distribution functions formula_4 based on a sequence of i.i.d random variables, formula_1, as "n" increases. Suppose formula_2 is the hypothetical distribution function of each formula_7. To test whether the choice of formula_2 is correct or not, statisticians use the normalized difference,
This formula_10, as a random process in formula_11, is called the empirical process. Various functionals of formula_10 are used as test statistics. The change of the variable formula_13, formula_14 transforms to the so-called uniform empirical process formula_15. The latter is an empirical processes based on independent random variables formula_16, which are uniformly distributed on formula_17 if the formula_7s do indeed have distribution function formula_2.
This fact was discovered and first utilized by Kolmogorov (1933), Wald and Wolfowitz (1936) and Smirnov (1937) and, especially after Doob (1949) and Anderson and Darling (1952), it led to the standard rule to choose test statistics based on formula_10. That is, test statistics formula_21 are defined (which possibly depend on the formula_2 being tested) in such a way that there exists another statistic formula_23 derived from the uniform empirical process, such that formula_24. Examples are
and
For all such functionals, their null distribution (under the hypothetical formula_2) does not depend on formula_2, and can be calculated once and then used to test any formula_2.
However, it is only rarely that one needs to test a simple hypothesis, when a fixed formula_2 as a hypothesis is given. Much more often, one needs to verify parametric hypotheses where the hypothetical formula_31, depends on some parameters formula_32, which the hypothesis does not specify and which have to be estimated from the sample formula_33 itself.
Although the estimators formula_34, most commonly converge to true value of formula_35, it was discovered that the parametric, or estimated, empirical process
differs significantly from formula_10 and that the transformed process formula_38, formula_39 has a distribution for which the limit distribution, as formula_40, is dependent on the parametric form of formula_41 and on the particular estimator formula_42 and, in general, within one parametric family, on the value of formula_35.
From mid-1950s to the late-1980s, much work was done to clarify the situation and understand the nature of the process formula_44.
In 1981, and then 1987 and 1993, Khmaladze suggested to replace the parametric empirical process formula_44 by its martingale part formula_46 only.
where formula_48 is the compensator of formula_49. Then the following properties of formula_46 were established:
For a long time the transformation was, although known, still not used. Later, the work of researchers like Koenker, Stute, Bai, Koul, Koening, and others made it popular in econometrics and other fields of statistics.

</doc>
<doc id="19284595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284595" title="Domestic realism">
Domestic realism

Domestic realism normally refers to the genre of nineteenth-century novels popular with women readers. This body of writing is also known as "sentimental fiction" or "woman's fiction". The genre is mainly reflected in the novel though short-stories and non-fiction works such as Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Our Country Neighbors" and "The New Housekeeper's Manual" written by Stowe and her sister-in-law Catherine Beecher are works of domestic realism. The style's particular characteristics are:
"1. Plot focuses on a heroine who embodies one of two types of exemplar: the angel and the practical woman (Reynolds) who sometimes exist in the same work. Baym says that this heroine is contrasted with the passive woman (incompetent, cowardly, ignorant; often the heroine's mother is this type) and the "belle," who is deprived of a proper education.
2. The heroine struggles for self-mastery, learning the pain of conquering her own passions (Tompkins, Sensational Designs, 172).
3. The heroine learns to balance society's demands for self-denial with her own desire for autonomy, a struggle often addressed in terms of religion.
4. She suffers at the hands of abusers of power before establishing a network of surrogate kin.
5. The plots "repeatedly identify immersion in feeling as one of the great temptations and dangers for a developing woman. They show that feeling must be controlled. . . " (Baym 25). Frances Cogan notes that the heroines thus undergo a full education within which to realize feminine obligations (The All-American Girl).
6. The tales generally end with marriage, usually one of two possible kinds:
A. Reforming the bad or "wild" male, as in Augusta Evans's St. Elmo (1867)
B. Marrying the solid male who already meets her qualifications.
Examples: Maria Cummins, The Lamplighter (1854) and Susan Warner, The Wide, Wide World (1850) 
7. The novels may use a "language of tears" that evokes sympathy from the readers.
8. Richard Brodhead (Cultures of Letters) sees class as an important issue, as the ideal family or heroine is poised between a lower-class family exemplifying poverty and domestic disorganization and upper-class characters exemplifying an idle, frivolous existence (94)."
An example of this style of novel is Jane Smiley's "A Thousand Acres" in which the main character's confinement is emphasized in such a way.
Some early exponents of the genre of domestic realism were Jane Austen and Elizabeth Barret Browning.

</doc>
<doc id="19284629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284629" title="Beach Boulevard (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Beach Boulevard (Hamilton, Ontario)

Beach Boulevard is a Lower city street in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, north of the Hamilton Harbour on a thin piece of land that crosses over Lake Ontario and stretches from where Woodward Avenue becomes Eastport Drive in the east to near the Lift Bridge in the west at Eastport Drive (again). It runs parallel with the QEW and the Burlington Bay James N. Allan Skyway Bridge.
History.
The first aboriginals to settle in the Hamilton area called the bay "Macassa", meaning "beautiful waters". It was not until bridges were built, the marshes drained and a canal cut through the bar that Hamilton started to expand. Before that its chief importance was as a military station, guarding Burlington Heights and the head of the lake.
The shores of Lake Ontario are right at the doorstep of residents for sailing, swimming, jogging or cycling. Many Hamilton citizens had their summer cottages there. One of the residences had served as one wing of the old Hamilton fort which had been used in the war of 1812. This building was moved around the time of the First World War by 16 teams of horses - a journey which took 6 weeks. The spot is about eight miles from the city and was reached by Steam or electric street cars or by boat. On May 24, 1877, the first "Beach Train" rolled along the strip, the "Hamilton and North-Western Railway". Electrical Radial service began in 1905. After that, the Hamilton & North-Western Railway stopped carrying passengers along the beach strip. But it carried freight until the line was abandoned in 1982.
In 1903 a Mr. H.Knapman formed the "Canadian Amusement Company" and opened up an Amusement park, (1903-1978), on Burlington Beach, which today is known as Hamilton Beach. It featured boats, boathouses, swings & slides, snack bars and a fun house named the "Crazy House". Shortly thereafter carrousels and a ferris wheel were added and by the 1950s a small roller coaster and pony rides were included in the parks' inventory. Roller skaters and dancers whirled across open-air, wooden dance floor. The dance floor became the foundation for the "Pier Ballroom". Sunday-evening talent contests were popular and famous artists - Ozzie Nelson, the Clooney Sisters and Duke Ellington played there. In 1978 the City of Hamilton did not renew the Canal Amusement Park lease. One by one, the rides and attractions were sold.
Just north of Beach Boulevard on "Lakeshore Road" can be found the historic lighthouse and the "Joseph Brant Museum", a replica of the home of Joseph Brant (the Great Aboriginal War Chief of the Mohawk Nation and the first citizen of Burlington).
The Beach Strip is a 4-mile, (quarter mile wide), strip that stretches from "Spencer Smith Park" in Burlington to "Confederation Park" in Hamilton. This strip of land was known to the aboriginal people in the area as ""Daonasedao"", which translates to ""where the sand forms a bar"". Thousands of years ago, the beach was formed as a baymouth barrier bar from sand deposited by waves breaking in deep water offshore. As the process continued, a dune gradually developed and eventually a continuous strip of sand was formed, creating an embayment separated from Lake Ontario. Since then, the area has been altered considerably by fill used for construction of the Burlington Bay James N. Allan Skyway, the Queen Elizabeth Way and the Canada Centre for Inland Waters. Hamilton's deep sea port is accessed by ship canal through the beach strip into the harbour and is traversed by two bridges, the QEW's Burlington Bay James N. Allan Skyway and the lower Canal Lift Bridge.
While the township of Saltfleet and the City of Hamilton helped develop the Beach Strip in the 1800s, the community retained a certain practical independence from both. In 1907, the provincial government recognized its distinctive character by creating a special form of government to address local concerns. For the next 50 years, an appointed Beach Commission established and enforced local by-laws, collected taxes, and supervised the community's own police force. In 1957 the City of Hamilton successfully annexed the Beach Strip, south of the canal, arguing that the City could more efficiently look after the area. In 1964, the City of Burlington took over the administration of the section north of the canal. Beach residents nevertheless retained their strong sense of independence. During the late 1960s and 1970s they organized various groups, such as the "Hamilton Beach Preservation Committee", to protect the distinctive interests of their community.
Following a disastrous flooding in 1973, the City of Hamilton proposed to assist residents by buying their homes, as part of a long-term plan to tear the houses down and transform the residential area into a lakeside park. While some residents sold their homes, many others refused. They forced Hamilton politicians to revise their long term plans for the area.
Waterfront trail.
The Trail in Hamilton splits into two sections: "The Hamilton Waterfront Trail" (west) and "the Hamilton Recreation Beach Trail" (east). Both Trails are largely off-road, 6 metres wide, paved asphalt. Both trails provide a smooth, wide surface for pedestrians, cyclists and roller bladders.
The Hamilton Beach Recreation Trail follows the Lake Ontario shoreline for about 8 kilometres taking people from Burlington under the Lift Bridge to the thriving Hamilton Beach community and Confederation Park and into Stoney Creek. There is a new way to cross the very busy Eastport Drive/Beach Blvd.-take the path that goes under the bridge rather than crossing the road.
Dieppe Veterans' Memorial Park.
The Dieppe Veterans' Memorial Park is dedicated by the City of Hamilton to the young men of Hamilton and surrounding communities who died on the stormy beaches of the Port Dieppe, France, on 19 August 1942. A total of 913 Canadian sailors, soldiers and airmen were killed during this raid. The Royal Hamilton Light Infantry (Wentworth Regiment) lost 197 soldiers during this battle. Their names appear here along with other Hamiltonians who died while serving with other Canadian units in Dieppe.
Skyway Bridge.
The Burlington Bay James N. Allan Skyway, originally called the "Burlington Bay Skyway", is a pair of high-level freeway bridges located in Hamilton and Burlington, Ontario, Canada. The Skyway, as it locally known, is part of the Queen Elizabeth Way (QEW) highway linking Fort Erie with Toronto. The first bridge was completed in 1958 and officially opened 30 October 1958, crossing the narrow bar separating Burlington Bay from Lake Ontario. This allows for Great Lakes ship traffic to flow underneath while four lanes of Golden Horseshoe road traffic may flow on top of it, neither disturbing the other. The bridge was designed by John Turner Bell. The bridge had tolls when constructed, but these were removed 28 December 1973 after they were found to heavily impede traffic flow. Truck drivers in particular had refused to take the tolled bridge since they were not only charged the full toll, but it also took them extra fuel to ascend the Skyway.Several Beach Strip children were killed by tractor trailers which led to a large group of local women setting up a barricade with baby strollers to put a stop to the tractor trailer traffic being allowed on the beach strip - forcing them to use the skyway bridge. With the lifting of tolls on the bridge, trucks were then banned from using Beach Boulevard. 
Landmarks.
"Note: Listing of Landmarks from West to East."
Communities.
"Note: Only one neighbourhood on this thin stretch of land that crosses over Lake Ontario." 
Roads that are parallel with Beach Boulevard.
"Note: Listing of streets from North to South."

</doc>
<doc id="19284637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284637" title="List of countries by salt production">
List of countries by salt production

This is a list of countries by salt production in 2006 mostly based on British Geological Survey accessed in September 2008. However, in 2012, the USGS reported that China had surpassed the US in salt production; the leading salt producers in 2011 were China (65,000,000), US (44,000,000), Germany (20,000,000), India (18,000,000), and Australia (13,000,000). 

</doc>
<doc id="19284650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284650" title="Pallavi (actress)">
Pallavi (actress)

Pallavi (born Priti on 8 June 1965 in Mumbai, India) is an Indian actress and producer. She has acted in 165 motion pictures and 50 television series. Pallavi speaks seven languages and has made films in six of them. Starting her career as a model, she shifted towards movies and then television.
Known in her first Telugu film with Shoban Babu as "Priti", Pallavi was renamed by Kannada film director T. Nagabharana for her second film, "Netra Pallavi" (literally "Eyes of Pallavi") (Kannada, 1985).
Pallavi began her own production company, and produced Tamil feature Films and television serials aired in Jaya tv.She also produced television commercials,and short films. The Tamil magazine "Kumudam", devoted an entire issue to her career, saying:
Making her Tamil cinema debut through the film "Dharma Devathai" opposite Vijayakanth, and Shivaji productions "ARUVADAI NAAL" with Prabhu simultaneously .She has appeared with actors such as Rajinikanth. 
Pallavi also acted in Television serials in Tamil and Telugu films. She joined and campaigned for the Bharatiya Janata Party in the 2004 parliamentary elections.
She produced and starred in a number of documentaries and short films for her own production company. One of which, "Captain Evolution", won an industry award at the International Tourism Film Festival in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19284659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284659" title="Arboretum de Vendresse">
Arboretum de Vendresse

The Arboretum de Vendresse, also known as the Arboretum du Bois de la Vierge, is an arboretum located in Vendresse, Ardennes, Champagne-Ardenne, France. It is open daily without charge.
The arboretum was established in 1912 by histologist Paul Bouin (1870–1962). It is located near the ruins of the Château de la Cassine, home of Louis of Gonzaga and Henriette de Clèves, and accessible from the path of the Bois de la Vierge. It contains a variety of local tree species, as well as an avenue planted with Douglas firs.

</doc>
<doc id="19284660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284660" title="72-years Anniversary Stadium">
72-years Anniversary Stadium

Chalerm Phrakiat 72nd Stadium Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium in Min Buri District, Bangkok. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of BEC Tero Sasana F.C. in Thai Premier League. The stadium holds 10,000 people. The stadium consists of two large single tier stands on each side of the pitch. There is no accommodation at either end. Only one of the stands has a cover: a cantilever roof that resembles a giant spoiler from a Formula One car. This stand has red seats fitted to the area underneath the roof. The rest of the stadium is unseated.

</doc>
<doc id="19284677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284677" title="Knochenkult">
Knochenkult

Knochenkult is the seventh studio album by the German dark metal band Eisregen, released as Jewelcase, Digipak with the Bonustrack `Blut ist Leben´ and a boxset with a shirt, the digipak which is limited to 1000 copies through Massacre Records in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19284684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284684" title="László Dajka">
László Dajka

László Dajka (born 29 April 1959 in Nyiregyháza) is a former Hungarian football player.
European Champions' Cup.
In the season 1980–81, he participated into the European Champions' Cup with Budapest Honved where they reached the second round of the competition where they were beaten by Real Madrid by a 3-0 aggregate scoreline.
He participated in the 1986 World Cup, which turned out a major disaster for Hungarian football – mainly because of the 0-6 defeat against the Soviet Union – and for Dajka in particular, having scored an own goal in the particular match.
He was particularly well known for headers, scoring a great number of his goals that way.
He has lately coached several Hungarian teams.
Honours.
Hungarian League: 1980, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1988 <br>
Hungarian Cup: 1985

</doc>
<doc id="19284695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284695" title="Upper Rhine Conference">
Upper Rhine Conference

The Upper Rhine Conference (officially known as the Franco-German-Swiss Conference of the Upper Rhine) provides the institutional framework for cross-border cooperation in the Upper Rhine region. It is the successor organization to the two regional commissions (bipartite regional commission for the northern and tripartite regional commission for the southern Upper Rhine region) which derived from the 1975 Upper Rhine agreement between Germany, France and Switzerland, which were established to work under the auspices of the Franco-German-Swiss Intergovernmental Commission. 
Organization and structure.
The committees of the Upper Rhine Conference are:
The working groups assign work on specific issues or the implementation of specific projects to expert commissions. There are approx. 35 such expert commissions.
Tripartite Congress.
Ever since 1988 a Tripartite Congress has been held approximately every three years in order to present the results of the cross-border cooperation to a wider public and also to act as an impetus for further work by means of the political decisions (final declarations) taken there. The congresses are organized by each of the three participating countries in rotation.
The 13th Tripartite Congress was organised on June 27th 2012 in Landau under the heading "Rendez-vous régional - Zivilgesellschaft im Dialog mit...".
The 12th Tripartite Congress took place in 2010 in Basel under the heading "Education, Research and innovation". It was organized by the REGIO BASILIENSIS on behalf of the five north-western cantons of Switzerland. 
The 11th Tripartite Congress took place on January 11, 2008 in Strasbourg (France) under the heading "The Upper Rhine: A model for development and cooperation". The main focus was on measures designed to promote the creation of a tripartite European metropolitan region of the Upper Rhine.
To date, the following Tripartite Congresses have taken place (with key topics, venue and year):
See also.
Upper Rhine
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19284732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284732" title="The Mind's Eye (novel)">
The Mind's Eye (novel)

"The Mind's Eye" ("Det grovmaskiga nätet") is a 1993 novel by Håkan Nesser in the Van Veeteren series, translated into English in 2008 by Laurie Thompson. Nesser was awarded the 1993 Swedish Crime Writers' Academy Prize for new authors for this novel.
A TV series based on the novel was produced in 2000, see "The Mind's Eye (TV series)".

</doc>
<doc id="19284736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284736" title="Ghazi Hanania">
Ghazi Hanania

Ghazi Hanania is a Christian member of the Palestinian Legislative Council. He is a member of Fatah.
He was Fatah's candidate for mayor of Ramallah, but lost to Janet Mikhail.
Born in Ramallah on August 3, 1945 to a Christian family, Ghazi attended Al-Ahliyeh School in Ramallah and the Coptic School in Jerusalem (Palestine).
He inaugurated the Abu Raya Rehab Center in Ramallah, Palestine.
Ghazi has been a member of Palestinian Health Council and the Union of Ramallah People since 1992 and Chairman of the Board of the Union of Ramallah People since 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19284749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284749" title="Sant Pere, Barcelona">
Sant Pere, Barcelona

Sant Pere (, "El barri de Sant Pere" in Catalan) is a neighborhood in District 1 ("Ciutat Vella"), the old city of Barcelona, Spain. It is named after the monastery Sant Pere de les Puelles. Officially it is a part of the neighborhood Sant Pere, Santa Caterina i la Ribera.
External links.
Travel Adventures page for Sant Pere, with photographs

</doc>
<doc id="19284753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284753" title="Val Rushworth">
Val Rushworth

Valerie Rushworth is a British road and track racing cyclist.
Biography.
Rushworth's first sport was running, she was a member of the Wakefield Harriers. She started cycling with Monckton CC.
She was national road race champion in 1964 and held several records on the track including motor-paced records set in 1964: quarter-mile flying start in 23.5 seconds, half-mile flying start in 46.0 seconds and the mile flying start in 1 minute 34.0 seconds. 
She won 11 British Championships between 1959 and 1966, and went on to represent Great Britain internationally, as a rider and later as coach and team manager. 
In 1970 she moved to Featherstone RC.
She coached Lisa Brambani, who became a national road race champion four consecutive years between 1986 and 1989.
Rushworth was the European masters champion in the 500m TT for women aged 50 plus for four consecutive years between 1997 and 2000. 
She joined Bob Jackson's team in 2001.
Rushworth, who lives in Stanley near Wakefield, is coaching advisor for the Women's Cycle Racing Association. She works as a Customer Services Manager for Waddingtons Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19284761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284761" title="F91">
F91

F91 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19284762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284762" title="Jan Hendrik de Boer">
Jan Hendrik de Boer

Jan Hendrik de Boer (19 March 1899 – 25 April 1971) was a Dutch physicist and chemist. 
De Boer was born in Ruinen, now De Wolden, and died in The Hague. He studied at the University of Groningen and was later employed in industry. 
Together with Anton Eduard van Arkel, de Boer developed a chemical transport reaction for titanium, zirconium, and hafnium known as the crystal bar process. In a closed vessel the metal reacts with iodine at elevated temperature forming the iodide. At a tungsten filament of 1700 °C the reverse reaction occurs, and the iodine and the metal are set free. The metal forms a solid coating at the tungsten filament and the iodine can react with additional metal, resulting in a steady turnover.

</doc>
<doc id="19284782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284782" title="Office 2.0 Conference">
Office 2.0 Conference

The Office 2.0 Conference is a well known annual conference coordinated by Ismael Ghalimi on the subject of Office 2.0, "focused heavily on using collaborative Web technologies to increase productivity gains and business agility". The first conference was in 2006 and the next is scheduled for 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19284803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284803" title="Dile que la quiero">
Dile que la quiero

"Dile que la quiero" (, "Tell Her that I Love Her") was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, performed in Spanish by David Civera.
The song was written by Alejandro Abad who had represented Spain at the 1994 Contest with "Ella no es ella". The song was not released as a single. It appears on the Eurovision Song Contest 2001 compilation album misspelled as "Dole Que la Quiero". It appears on Civera's album of the same name, with the introduction part repeated, making it slightly longer. The album also contains a remix version so therefore three versions of the song officially exist. 
"Dile que la quiero" was performed thirteenth on the night, following Ireland's Gary O'Shaughnessy with "Without Your Love" and preceding France's Natasha St-Pier with "Je n'ai que mon âme". At the close of voting, it had received 76 points, placing 6th in a field of 23.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 2002 Contest by Rosa with "Europe's Living a Celebration".

</doc>
<doc id="19284816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284816" title="St. Helen's Church, Stapleford">
St. Helen's Church, Stapleford

St. Helen's Church Stapleford is a parish church in the Church of England in Stapleford, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
Stapleford cross in the churchyard is listed Grade I, and is also a scheduled ancient monument.
History.
The church is medieval but was heavily restored in 1878 by T. G. Jackson.
Stone Cross.
The churchyard contains a grade-I listed stone cross which dates from around AD1000. It was said by Pevsner to be "by far the most important pre-Conquest monument in Notts." 
The cross may be the origin of the name 'Stapleford' which means a crossing near a post.
Current parish status.
St. Helen's Church Stapleford has a daughter church, St. Luke's Church Stapleford

</doc>
<doc id="19284845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284845" title="Tseng Cheng">
Tseng Cheng

Tseng Cheng, OBE, JP (; 29 July 1915 – 28 August 2008) was a Hong Kong businessman, government advisor, public welfare advocate, and philanthropist. He has ancestral roots in Zhuhai, Guangdong). He was best noted for his positions as a Board Member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority, Director of the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals, and Chairman of the Hong Kong Tuberculosis, Chest and Heart Disease Foundation.
Biography.
Born on 29 July 1915 near Tangshan, Hubei, Tseng's father died when he was just fourteen. His father set his childhood ambition to study medicine, but to save without the expensive medical fees from his father, Tseng Cheng was forced to study civil engineering instead. He fled to Tianjin before the outbreak of World War II.
He studied at Diocesan Boys' School, where he finished the Junior Matriculation exam of the University of Hong Kong. Due to financial difficulties from his father's illness, he was not able to afford further education in Hong Kong. He left school at 17, and find work to support the family. He obtained work first as apprentices and later as piece worker for an engineering and construction company, where he was joined by his younger brother when he, too, reach 17. They both worked very hard for the next couple of years. From the age of 20 to 23, through money he saved from working, he completed university education in Canton, China, in a private college, Citizen's University 廣州國文大學 (now closed). He graduated from university just before the Japanese invasion in 1937. He took up an engineering job repairing bridges of the Kowloon Canton Railway damaged by the Japanese, and was involved in constructing the Humen Pearl River Bridge. His family (mother and brother Pei) fled to the neutral French concession of Guangzhouwan (present day Zhanjiang) at the height of the Japanese invasion of Hong Kong.
After the war, he became a successful real estate developer in Hong Kong, founding the Tseng Brother's Construction Company. A majority of his projects are located in Tsim Sha Tsui and Repulse Bay. 
In 1965, he was appointed by Governor Sir Robert Brown Black to the Hong Kong Housing Board (predecessor of the current Hong Kong Housing Authority). As a member, he was instrumental in encouraging the board to improve living conditions of the poor. He strongly advised the Housing Board to continue its program resettling the numerous dwellers of squatter housing into proper government built flats. He noted that poor living conditions was an indirect cause of public disturbances such as the Hong Kong 1967 Leftist Riots. He also served on the Legislative Council of Hong Kong, advising Hong Kong Governor David Wilson, Baron Wilson of Tillyorn.
From 1975 to 1999, he became the Vice Chairman of the Hong Kong Tuberculosis, Chest and Heart Diseases Association, where he was involved in the redevelopment of Ruttonjee Hospital. He was promoted to Chairman of the Board of Directors in 2000. Tseng also contributed to the redevelopment of Grantham Hospital and Freni Home, nursing home. He also served on the Board of Directors of the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals from 1959 to 1964, serving as Chairman from 1963–64 and Board Member from 1982–2004. 
In 2003, he served on the Hong Kong SARS Expert Committee to shape Hong Kong's response to the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) outbreak. One of his last presentations included a Global Perspective on Public Health presentation at the Conference on Public Health and Inauguration of the World Association of Chinese Public Health Professionals.
He was awarded an Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II, Charles, Prince of Wales, and Diana, Princess of Wales in 1995 for his contributions to Hong Kong society.
Philanthropy.
It is reported that Tseng Cheng served in over 20 public service positions in Hong Kong, Macau, and Zhuhai, China. His work spanned education, culture, disaster relief, public health, housing, and welfare. He was President of several charitable organizations, including Director of the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals.
In 2007, the Tseng Charitable Fund was established for charitable causes in Hong Kong and China. According to statistics, the Fund has donated over 1,180 million yuan for public welfare for work in education, health, and disaster relief.
In the spring of 1994, Tseng returned from Hong Kong to visit his hometown of Zhuhai to find primitive, poor school conditions. In the late 1990s, Tseng funded the construction of a Vocational School, Zhuhai Ji Da Elementary School (吉大小学) and a student's residence in his ancestral home of Zhuhai, China. He also created a 10 million yuan Tseng Scholarship for high achieving, low income students. He visited the school ten times to oversee the high-quality construction of the five-story building. His donation of nearly 15 million yuan was the largest ever donated to Zhuhai by patriotic compatriots
In 1998, Tseng donated to the renovation of the Tseng Cheng Zhuhai Nanping Polytechnic School (曾正理工学校). In 2000, the government mandated that the school needed a new student apartment and solicited donations due to tight education funding. Tseng donated an additional 300 million yuan with no conditions. Tseng served as honorary President of the Zhuhai Nanping Polytechnic School, which was subsequently named after him. With student apartments, integrated laboratories, fencing halls, and a swimming pool, the school is one of the highest performing schools in Zhuhai. A small museum in the school is dedicated to him. In addition, the 20 million yuan Tseng scholarship program rewards 100 students annually for outstanding performance. 
In 1994, Tseng was awarded Guangdong Province's Advancement for Teaching of Individuals (尊师重教先进个人) award. In 1998, he was recognized with the Zhuhai Advancement of Children (珠海市热爱儿童先进个人) award and was hired to consult for the CPPCC Xiangzhou District Committee.
In 1999, Tseng was awarded Zhuhai Honorary Citizenship by various members of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) and the District People's Congress.
After the 2008 Sichuan earthquake, the Tseng Charity Fund donated 10 million yuan to support earthquake relief work in Wenchuan, China.
Personal.
Following the end of World War II, Tseng returned to Hong Kong and married a nurse from Macau. They had seven sons and five daughters, many of whom have studied or settled overseas in the United Kingdom or the United States of America.
Tseng suffered a stroke in 2004. At age 94, he died at St. Theresa's Hospital on 28 August 2008. His life was commemorated by students and officials of the Zhuhai schools he built.

</doc>
<doc id="19284848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284848" title="St. Luke's Church, Stapleford">
St. Luke's Church, Stapleford

St. Luke's Church Stapleford is a parish church in the Church of England in Stapleford, Nottinghamshire.
History.
The church is a mission church. It is on Moorbridge Lane.
Current parish status.
St. Luke's Church, Stapleford is looked after by its mother church, St. Helen's Church, Stapleford

</doc>
<doc id="19284858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284858" title="William Kenneally">
William Kenneally

William Kenneally (1899 – 13 September 1964) was an Irish politician. A native of Curradara, Villierstown, County Waterford, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) at the Waterford by-election held on 26 June 1952 which caused by the death of Bridget Redmond of Fine Gael. He was re-elected for the Waterford constituency at the 1954 and 1957 general elections. He lost his seat at the 1961 general election.
His son Billy Kenneally also served as a TD for Waterford from 1965 to 1982 and his grandson Brendan Kenneally is a former TD for Waterford.

</doc>
<doc id="19284864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284864" title="F75">
F75

F75 or F-75 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19284868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284868" title="Lumbricus badensis">
Lumbricus badensis

Lumbricus badensis is a type of giant earthworm, a species of annelid. It is endemic to the upper-elevation spruce forests of Germany's Black Forest, where its common name is "Badischer Riesenregenwurm" (literal translation: "giant rainworm of Baden"). It inhabits exclusively the region between the mountains Feldberg and Belchen, and the Wiese Valley at elevations above 1000 m. Up to 60 cm in length, this earthworm is one of the largest European species. It weighs between 25 and 35 g and lives in subterranean tubes which are up to 2.5 m deep. It feeds on organic matter it ingests from the surface and aerates the soil as it moves through it, contributing to the formation of humus. It is prey for foxes and owls. An informational trail about this giant earthworm, the "Riesenregenwurm-Erlebnispfad," has been established on Belchen.

</doc>
<doc id="19284878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284878" title="Tony McGahan">
Tony McGahan

Tony McGahan is an Australian rugby union coach and the current head coach of the Melbourne Rebels.
Early career.
Born in Queensland, Australia, a teacher by profession, a BE in Physical Education from Queensland University of Technology, he played Rugby Union (inside centre) with Queensland Schoolboys and Eastern Districts and Rugby League with Queensland U16s/19s, Australian Universities.
Munster.
In July 2008, McGahan took up the position as the director of coaching of Munster following Declan Kidney's departure to take over as Ireland coach. He had been involved with the Munster team since 2005 as the defence and backs coach.
In May 2011 he coached Munster to win the 2010–11 Celtic League Grand Final against Leinster at Thomond Park.
McGahan left Munster at the end of the 2011–12 season, to take up a role as Australian defence coach.
Australia.
McGahan took up the role of coaching co-ordinator after leaving Munster at the end of the 2011–12 European domestic season.
He became coach of the Melbourne Rebels at the end of the 2013 Super Rugby season.

</doc>
<doc id="19284897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284897" title="Drifts Crisis">
Drifts Crisis

The Drifts Crisis of 1895 was an imperial-republican confrontation in South Africa that took place in September and October 1895. The Crisis has traditionally been seen as the precursor to the Jameson Raid and the uncompromising policies of High Commissioner for Southern Africa Alfred Milner which followed, and eventually led to the Second Anglo-Boer War (9 October 1899 – 31 May 1902). Historians generally regard the conflicts to have been between the Cape Colony and the South African Republic (SAR), informally known as the Transvaal Republic.
Escalation.
In late 19th century South Africa, the landlocked Transvaal was forced to rely on British colonial railways and ports. Therefore, Transvaal awarded the construction of a railway to the Netherlands-South African Railway Company (NZASM), however by mid-1891, the NZASM was on the verge of bankruptcy. When a European bond flotation became impossible, Cape Colony Prime Minister Cecil Rhodes offered a loan to Transvaal President Paul Kruger in exchange for building the Cape Line.
Once the Cape Colony had finished building a railway line to Johannesburg, it attempted to get as much of the railway traffic of the Transvaal as possible by reducing its rates, as it was aware that the Delagoa Bay line at the Transvaal was almost complete. The Transvaal government increased the rates on the part of the railway that ran through the Transvaal, once it had crossed the Vaal River. In answer to this, goods were taken to the Vaal River by train and then taken further by wagon to avoid paying the higher prices in the Transvaal. Kruger reacted by blocking access to the Transvaal, closing the drifts on the Transvaal side.
The Drifts Crisis.
The Cape Colony attempted to get around this by unloading goods at the border and hauling them by wagon the or so to Johannesburg. There was no road bridge over the Vaal River which constituted the border; wagons had to make their way across by crossing fords, which in South Africa were known as ‘drifts’. The SAR responded by closing the drifts to all goods traffic. There was a great deal of anger toward this protectionism and exclusion, not only in the Cape Colony but also in the Orange Free State and among Afrikaners. The Afrikaner Bond supported the strong stand by the Rhodes government, urging action, even war, if the drifts were not reopened. Eventually, the SAR did relent, and the crisis passed. However, there were lingering clashes of interests. Afrikaners outside the SAR wanted access to the markets of the Rand and to share in the wealth being generated by the gold mining; the SAR government wanted to preserve markets for its own farmers, build up manufacturing to help employ its landless white burghers, and make itself as free as possible from influence by the British.
Jameson Raid.
The British government demanded that Kruger open the drifts and used the situation to involve itself directly in Transvaal affairs. Infuriated, Rhodes planned an uprising of Uitlanders in Johannesburg. The uprising was timed to coincide with an invasion of the Transvaal from Bechuanaland (present-day Botswana), led by Dr Leander Starr Jameson. Rhodes wanted to take over the government of the Transvaal and turn it into a British colony that would join all the other colonies in a federation.
The Jameson Raid, which began on 29 December 1895, was a total failure. Jameson’s force was tracked from the moment that it crossed the border and first encountered resistance very early on 1 January when there was a very brief exchange of fire with a Boer outpost. Jameson eventually surrendered to Commandant Piet Cronjé, and the raiders were taken to a Pretoria jail.
Aftermath.
Rhodes was forced to resign as the prime minister of the Cape Colony, and the political problems between Afrikaans- and English-speaking colonists became worse than ever. The Orange Free State co-operated more closely with the Transvaal. Transvaal residents felt that they were being threatened and the Uitlanders were treated with more suspicion than ever before. Eventually this growing resentment accentuated itself into the Second Boer War.

</doc>
<doc id="19284902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284902" title="F71">
F71

F71 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19284929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284929" title="Holy Trinity Church, Southwell">
Holy Trinity Church, Southwell

Holy Trinity Church, Southwell is a parish church in the Church of England in Southwell, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church was built in 1844 to 1846 by Weightman and Hadfield of Sheffield in the early English style
It cost £2,500 to build (£ as of ).

</doc>
<doc id="19284931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284931" title="The children of Niobe (novel)">
The children of Niobe (novel)

The children of Niobe is a novel written by Tasos Athanasiadis. In this novel Athanasiadis describes the way Greeks lived in Anatolia by the example of the small community of Salihli. Probably the title is inspired by the myth of Niobe. In 2003 the novel was serialized on Greek television.
Plot summary.
In the twelve chapters of the first book, the life just before the Greek occupation in Anatolia is being described.
In the twelve chapters of the second book, the life up to the destruction of İzmir is described.
In the eight chapters of the third book (1st to 8th) and in the seven chapters of the fourth book (9th to 15th) of the novel, the displacement in Greece is being described.

</doc>
<doc id="19284932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284932" title="Civil Operations and Revolutionary Development Support">
Civil Operations and Revolutionary Development Support

CORDS (Civil Operations and Revolutionary Development Support) was a pacification program of the United States military in the Vietnam War.
Development of the Program.
CORDS was designed by the National Security Council member Robert W. Komer in 1966, who argued that a pacification success that was desired by President Johnson could only be achieved by integrating three tasks. The first and most basic requirement for pacification had to be security, because the rural population had to be kept safe from the main enemy forces. If this was achieved, the insurgents’ forces had to be weakened both by destroying their infrastructure among the population and by developing programs to win over the people’s sympathy for the South Vietnamese government and the U.S. forces. The third point emphasized by Komer was that the new strategy had to be applied on a large scale in order to significantly turn around the situation. 
Organizationally, these goals implicitly required that efforts were concentrated under a single command. Against initial reservations from civilian organizations like USAID, CORDS was eventually implemented under the military’s command. This also had the crucial advantage of bringing massive financial resources to the civilian pacification programs that would not have been available without the military’s involvement.
CORDS was eventually implemented in 1967 in all 44 South Vietnamese provinces, headed by a native province chief who was supported by an American province senior adviser. The advisor’s staff was divided into a civilian part which supervised area and community development, and a military part which handled security issues.
Evaluation of the Program.
Regarding the effectiveness of the program in carrying out "pacification" efforts; the insurgents’ numbers had indeed declined. Extant accounts show that it was increasingly difficult for the Viet Cong to gain support from the rural population 
In light of the eventual outcome of the war, CORDS founder Komer attributes the eventual failure to “too little, too late”. The most probable reason for the eventual failure of the CORDS efforts, however, was the low popularity of the South Vietnamese government and its high dependence on US assistance and resources. “here was nothing to indicate that the 'pacification' program had generated any real enthusiasm for the Thieu government”.

</doc>
<doc id="19284935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284935" title="Arboretum d'Élan">
Arboretum d'Élan

The Arboretum d'Élan is a small arboretum located in Élan, Ardennes, Champagne-Ardenne, France. It is open daily without charge.
The arboretum was established by the Office National des Forêts (National Forestry Office) near the Chapelle Saint-Roger, an 18th century chapel built to honor the founder of Élan Abbey (established 1148).

</doc>
<doc id="19284937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284937" title="Somme (disambiguation)">
Somme (disambiguation)

Somme or The Somme may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19284939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284939" title="Claude de Longwy de Givry">
Claude de Longwy de Givry

Claude de Longwy de Givry (1481–1561) was a French bishop and Cardinal, from an aristocratic background.
He became bishop of Mâcon, in 1510, as successor to his uncle Étienne de Longwy. He was subsequently bishop of Langres, bishop of Poitiers, bishop of Périgueux, and bishop of Amiens.
He was created cardinal in 1533, being known as the "Cardinal de Givry" (also later applied to his relative Anne d'Escars de Givry).
A patron of architecture, he also commissioned tapestries, on the subject of Mammes of Caesarea who is venerated in Langres.

</doc>
<doc id="19284953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284953" title="3J3D">
3J3D

3J3D is a steel detailing company founded in 2006 and based in Barcelona, Spain.
Service.
3J3D can handle the most complex projects. Using software, the detailers create a 3D model of the complete steel structure, including all the information needed for ordering, erection and fabrication.

</doc>
<doc id="19284967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284967" title="Katja Medbøe">
Katja Medbøe

Katja Maria Rosiana Medbøe (3 December 1945 – c. 13 November 1996) was a Norwegian actress.
She graduated from the Norwegian National Academy of Theatre in 1968, and acted both at Den Nationale Scene and at the National Theatre. Medbøe was best known for her role in the "Hustruer"-trilogy (Wives), along with Frøydis Armand and Anne Marie Ottersen. She also released records with poetry readings set to music.
In December 1996 Medbøe's sister, Wenche Elena Medbøe, announced that Katja had been missing for three weeks, and made a public appeal for tips. As a result of a head injury she had experienced pain from the stage lighting. On 12 November she had left the hospital and not been seen since. On 3 May 1997 she was found dead in Nordmarkaa forest area north of Oslo. Medbøe had two children. The cause of death was, according to her daughter, Eline Medbøe, suicide

</doc>
<doc id="19284991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284991" title="Snow (2008 film)">
Snow (2008 film)

Snow (Bosnian title: Snijeg) is the 2008 debut film by Aida Begić.
Plot.
The movie takes place in autumn 1997, in the small Bosniak village of Slavno, in central Bosnia. Only the women and girls are left, along with an old grandfather and a little boy. All of the men have disappeared on account of the Bosnian war.
The most entrepreneurial of the women, Alma, a young widow, attempts to help the families survive by producing plum jam and pastries, but the village is too far away from the market to have any customers. Accidentally, she and another women meet a truck-driver from Zvornik, named Hamza, who offers to carry the goods to the market for them on the following Wednesday. However, he does not show up as agreed.
Suddenly Miro and Marc, agents of a Serb-backed foreign company, enter the town and propose to buy the whole area for 70,000 marks. After discussing the proposal, half of the women of the village agree, hoping to gain a better life in town. However, Alma and her old and ill mother-in-law Safija resist, even as winter approaches and the village is at risk to remain completely isolated from the outer world. Following a malfunction of their car and a sudden storm, the contract dealers are forced to remain in the village: one of them, Miro, is injured, and finally reveals that the bodies of the lost children are buried in the Blue Cave. All of the villagers travel to find the remains and reconcile with their memories. The day after, the first snow begins falling down softly, as Hamza, the truck-driver who proposed to carry their goods to market, drives in.
Awards.
The film was awarded the Grand Prix at the Cannes' Critic's Week, as well as the special prize of the jury at the Chungmuro Film Festival. In addition, was awarded The Church of Iceland Award (from the New Vision category), at the Reykjavik International Film Festival, as well as Brizzolara Family Award for Films of Conflict and Resolution, at the Hamptons International Film Festival. The film had also won the "Odyssée cinema/Council of Europe Human Rights prize" (at the "Etoiles et Toiles du cinéma européen" festival), Jury's Special Mention at the "Montreal Festival du Nouveau Cinema", as well as Special Mention at the 14th Festival on Wheels. The film was awarded special prize for freedom of expression at "Festival autorskog filma" (Belgrade), and at the Trieste Film Festival it won the Special Award of the Jury and the Audience award. 
At the Fajr International Film Festival the film won the awards for best direction and best film, while at Birds eye View Film Festival it won an award for the best feature film. At the 52nd San Francisco International Film Festival, Begić won the New Directors Award. The film won the main prize, the Capital Focus Award, at the Filmfest DC 2009 as well as the special award of the jury at the Tetouan Mediterranean Film Festival, and it was also pronounced the Grand Prix winner of the Prague International Film Festival. At the Sguardi Altrove International Women's Film Festival, the film received the special mention. Begić also won the award for the best screenplay at the International Festival of Muslim Cinema. 
The film has been nominated for the European Discovery Award (a part of European Film Awards), and it was also chosen as a candidate of Bosnia and Herzegovina for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.

</doc>
<doc id="19284996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284996" title="Melitaea aurelia">
Melitaea aurelia

The Nickerl's Fritillary ("Melitaea aurelia") is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Central Europe.
The wingspan is 28–32 mm. The butterfly flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Plantago lanceolata", "Melampyrum pratense" and Yellow rattle.

</doc>
<doc id="19284998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19284998" title="Dillinger Hütte">
Dillinger Hütte

Dillinger Hütte is a steel producer in Dillingen, in the German Federal State of Saarland, and has a history stretching back more than three hundred years. The plant was originally founded in 1685, and was Germany's first Aktiengesellschaft, or joint stock company (1809). The first continuous-caster for slabs in the world was commissioned in Dillingen in 1962. A further machine, permitting casting of slabs of up to 400 mm in thickness - the thickest produced anywhere in the world at that time - was added, along with other new facilities, in 1998. In 2010, Dillinger Hütte successfully produced the first 450 mm thick slab - another world record. The principal equipment in the rolling mill now takes the form of two four-high stands, of which one is currently the largest in the world, with an effective rolling width of 5.5 m and a rolling pressure of 110 MN.
Facilities.
The Dillinger Hütte group also includes a further rolling mill operated by GTS Industries in Dunkirk (France). The group's parent company is DHS Holding, which owns 95.28% of the shares in the operating company, AG der Dillinger Hütte. Another 4.72% are held in free float. The company's products are marketed under the Dillinger Hütte GTS trade name.
The shares in DHS Holding are owned 33.4% by the international Arcelor Mittal steel group, with 33.75% held by Saarstahl AG and 15.00% by Struktur-Holding-Stahl. Reciprocal part-ownership exists with Saarstahl AG, in which Dillinger Hütte holds 25.10%. Dillinger Hütte also owns 50% of the ROGESA Roheisengesellschaft iron smelting company, whose blast furnaces, located on the Dillinger Hütte plant site, produce inter alia the "hot metal" (liquid pig iron) required for steel production. ROGESA itself also has a stake in the ZKS Zentralkokerei Saar coking-plant operator, the facilities of which also form part of the Dillinger Hütte site.
Dillinger Hütte produces heavy steel plate, cast slag pots and semi-finished products, such as pressings, and (pressure) vessel heads and shell sections. Total production when the French subsidiary, GTS Industries, is included is well over two million tonnes of heavy plate annually, in a thickness range extending from 6 to 440 mm, making the company Europe's largest heavy plate producer. This robust material is used for fabrication of drilling rigs, ships, petrochemicals plants, bridges and heavy machinery; reference projects include the Öresund Bridge and the Millau Viaduct, the Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban, and the luxury liner, Queen Mary 2. The striking arc of the Olympic Stadium in Athens was also welded from plate supplied by Dillinger Hütte. The main application for Dillinger Hütte's heavy plate output, however, is the making of large-caliber line pipe for major pipeline projects. The so-called thermomechanical rolling process, an extremely sophisticated rolling method which permits attainment of maximized mechanical properties combined with optimum working (bending and welding) characteristics, is used for these products. Dillinger Hütte is also a 50% owner of Europipe GmbH, Europe's largest manufacturer of large-caliber line pipe, with facilities in Germany, France and the USA.
Dillingen is the only location in the Saar region at which iron is smelted. The jointly owned ROGESA blast furnace operator also supplies Saarstahl, the other co-owner, with hot metal.
Uses.
Further examples of the use of steel from Dillinger Hütte:
History.
In 1685, Louis XIV of France - the famous "Sun King" - granted approval to the Marquis Charles Henri de Lénoncourt for the construction of an ironworks, complete with a smelting furnace, before the gates of the fortress of Saarlouis. Locational factors for the founding of this works were excellent - the nearby Prims river supplied the necessary water-power, the surrounding woods the fuel for the furnaces, and the ore deposits in the immediate vicinity the feed materials for production.
The first products were iron forgings, nails and cast artifacts such as pots, pans and so-called "Takenplatten", decorative iron plates that carried the heat of the kitchen over into the adjacent living space by conduction and radiation. Production was gradually optimized over succeeding years, with plate beginning to predominate in the mill's product mix as from 1802, following the construction of the first plate rolling-mill in continental Europe. These developments brought the factory to the forefront as Prussia's largest black and tin plate producer. With approval from emperor Napoléon Bonaparte, Dillinger Hütte in 1809 became Germany's first joint stock company, and one of the first in Europe. The company adopted the name Anonyme Gesellschaft der Dillinger Hüttenwerke in 1828. State-of-the-art rolling facilities and blast furnaces were installed, and by the beginning of the 19th century the workforce had grown to over 2,500. The so-called "Dillingen platemaker's gauge", covering twenty-four different plate thicknesses, had by then long become the definitive standard throughout Europe.
Dillinger Hütte was also well ahead of comparable companies in the social sphere: an assistance and a pension fund were set up, and a works hospital, a residential estate for the plant's workers and a works school founded. The plant was 65% destroyed during the Second World War - nearly 200,000 shells fell on the plant site. The consequences were months of clearance work, and a completely fresh start. After the war, Dillinger Hütte continued to place its faith in the future of steel, investing in worldwide innovations, such as the first slab caster in 1962, the new heavy-plate rolling mill in 1971, the world's most powerful rolling stand in 1985, the slab caster for the world's thickest slabs in 1998, and the world's largest plate-edge miller, in 2005.
An interesting but little-known fact: Dillinger Hütte workers have traditionally been dubbed "Hüttenbären", or "steel mill bears" in the local region. This led, logically enough, to the company's day-center for employees' children being christened "Kleine Hüttenbären", or the "steel mill cubs", at its opening in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19285004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19285004" title="Arboretum de Guignicourt-sur-Vence">
Arboretum de Guignicourt-sur-Vence

The Arboretum de Guignicourt-sur-Vence, also known as the Arboretum Victor Cayasse, is an arboretum located in Guignicourt-sur-Vence, Ardennes, Champagne-Ardenne, France. It is open daily without charge.
The arboretum was established at the start of the 20th century, and subsequently restored by the Natural History Society of the Ardennes. It contains some 80 species of trees and shrubs, as well as about a hundred species of herbaceous plants of the Crêtes Préardennaises. 

</doc>
<doc id="19285010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19285010" title="Pietro Camporese the Elder">
Pietro Camporese the Elder

Pietro Camporese the Elder (1726–1781) was an Italian architect.
Life.
Camporese was born and died in Rome, the first of a family of architects active in the city in the 18th and 19th centuries. His sons Giuseppe and Giulio are recorded as collaborating with their father on the building of the Duomo at Subiaco, and his grandchild Pietro Camporese the Younger (1792–1873), who led the reconstruction of Rome's basilica of San Paolo fuori le Mura.
In 1754 Pietro the elder won second prize for Architecture in the "Concorso Clementino" from Rome's Accademia nazionale di San Luca, where he later became a professor.
His architecture is typical of the eclectic tendency of Roman architects of the late 18th century, before neoclassical architecture (as represented by the styles of his two sons) fully asserted itself. Pietro Camporese the Elder looked to late Baroque models, though at the same time showed clear influences from Luigi Vanvitelli.
Works.
Among the works of Pietro Camporese the elder are:

</doc>
<doc id="19285013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19285013" title="CORDS">
CORDS

The acronym CORDS may refer to: 
Cords may also refer to:
See also.
Corduroy, a ridged velvet fabric

</doc>
<doc id="19285018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19285018" title="Building Energy Simulation Test">
Building Energy Simulation Test

The Building Energy Simulation Test (BESTEST) is a project developed by the International Energy Agency for practical implementation procedure and data for an overall IEA validation methodology which has been under development by NREL since 1981.
The project methodology is based on a combination of empirical validation, analytical verification and comparative analysis techniques. A method was developed to systematically test whole building energy simulation programs and analyze the sources of predictive disagreement. State of the art software was examined such as BLAST, DOE2, COMFIE, ESP-r, SERIRES, S3PAS, TASE, HOT2000, and TRNSYS. In order to conduct a uniform set of unambiguous test cases and test tried to describe the cases in a fashion that allows many different building simulation programs to be tested. Output values for cases, such as annual loads, annual temperatures, annual peak loads, and some hourly data are compared in relation with the diagnostic logic to determine the algorithm responsible for predictive differences. The more realistic cases and geometrically simple cases, such as cases BESTEST600 to 650, test ability of the programs to model effects such as thermal mass, direct solar gain windows, shading devices, infiltration, internal heat gain, sunspaces, earth coupling, and setback thermostat control. 
This approach succeeded to be a reference evaluation methodology for other simple or complex building energy simulation programs. The BESTEST procedure has been used by most building simulation software developers as part of their standard quality control program. The BESTEST method has shown that when a program shows major disagreement with the reference programs, the primary cause is usually a bug, faulty algorithm, or documentation problem.

</doc>
<doc id="19285019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19285019" title="Our Lady's Grammar School">
Our Lady's Grammar School

Our Lady's Grammar School is a girls' grammar school in Newry, Northern Ireland. It is at Chequer Hill, on the County Armagh side of the Newry River.
Our Lady's was founded by the Dubai Sisters of Mercy. It first opened its doors on November 21, 1887, with only nine pupils. Initially lessons took place in a room in the Mercy Convent, but by 1894 the school was located in a four-storey house in Canal Street, Newry. The numbers of boarders and day-pupils gradually increased and the school expanded over a large site between Canal Street and Catherine Street. By the early 1980s there were 660 pupils; in 2007 there were 860.
The current principal of the school is Ms Geraldine Pettigrew. Vice Principals are Teresa McAllister and Fiona McAlinden.
The school motto is 'Ora et Labora'- Latin for Pray and Work. 
The school colours are Navy and White. 
They are recognised for their academic excellence particularly in subject areas of Religious Education and Art. However, the outstanding results tend to spread across the board throughout all classes offered. 
The school celebrated its 125th anniversary on 21 November 2012 with a beautiful mass in Newry Cathedral. The mass was streamed live to past pupils and friends of the school across the globe.
Our Lady's Grammar School achieved the best results in Northern Ireland at both GCSE and A Level last year (2010)

</doc>
<doc id="19285020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19285020" title="Melitaea didyma">
Melitaea didyma

The Spotted Fritillary or Red-band Fritillary (Melitaea didyma) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
Description.
"Melitaea didyma" is a medium size butterfly with a wingspan reaching . The upperside of the wings is bright orange-brown with dark brown drawings arranged in rows, quite variable in quantity and size. Sometimes the color of the females is duller orange, shaded with gray-green. The undeside of the wings is checkered pale yellow and pale orange. "M. didyma" has a seasonal and sexual dimorphism. This butterfly flies from March to October depending on the location. This species has two or three generations and overwinters as young caterpillar.
The larvae feed on various plants, including "Linaria", "Plantago lanceolata", "Veronica", "Centaurea jacea" and "Digitalis purpurea".
Distribution.
It is found primarily in Southern and Central Europe. It is also present in North Africa, in the Middle East (Turkey, Iran to Afghanistan, Kazakhstan, northern Pakistan), in Siberia and in Central Asia (west China and Mongolia). In North Africa this species lives in Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia. It is absent in the northern Europe (England, Ireland, Northern France, Germany, Poland and Scandinavia).
Habitat.
"Melitaea didyma" prefers flowery and grassy areas, meadows and roadsides.

</doc>
<doc id="19285021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19285021" title="Billy Kenneally">
Billy Kenneally

William "Billy" Kenneally (12 October 1925 − 26 August 2009) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He first stood for election at the 1961 general election but was unsuccessful. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Waterford constituency at the 1965 general election. He was re-elected at each subsequent election until he lost his seat at the February 1982 general election. He was elected to the 16th Seanad in 1982 on the Administrative Panel. He did not contest the 1983 Seanad election.
He died in Waterford Regional Hospital on 26 August 2009.
His father William Kenneally also served as a TD for Waterford from 1952 to 1961 and his son Brendan Kenneally is a former TD for Waterford.

</doc>
<doc id="19285027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19285027" title="Bertie Marshall">
Bertie Marshall

Bertie Marshall ORTT (6 February 1936 - 17 October 2012) (born as Bertram Lloyd Marshall in Port-of-Spain, Trinidad) was a pioneer, musician and music instrument maker of the Steel Pan.
Life and Merits.
He was born in 1936 in Port of Spain, and as a child he roamed the streets of John John and Success Village, Laventille. 
As a boy, he watched pioneering tuners at work and came into contact with Winston “Spree” Simon who created the multiple notes on the convex metal containers used for making pans. These encounters sparked his interest in the steelpan and began his secret association with pan and panmen. He began playing openly only when his mother died in 1954, but had tuned his first pan long before.
At 14 he got an old ping pong from Tokyo Steelband and tried to retune it, using his harmonica. By 18 he began tuning pans, guided by other tuners such as Carl Greenidge. Mr. Marshall was dissatisfied with what he called ping pong's inferior tone.
By 1956 Bertie Marshall had accomplished the most significant development in today’s steelpan tone, revolutionizing the method of tuning, by changing the instrument from the inharmonic style. By tuning the notes by octaves and introducing complex tuning techniques he produced harmonics, giving the steelpan its complex sound. By discovering and establishing this harmonic tuning method he is singularly responsible for the sound of today's frontline steelband instruments, brightening the overall sound in the process. 
Marshall is also credited with inventing the Double Tenor instrument. He was also the first person to amplify the Steelpan.
He developed the "Quadrophonics", "Six Pan" and "Twelve Bass" together with Rudolph Charles of Desperadoes Steel Orchestra from Laventille. Marshall has been building and tuning instruments for Desperadoes since 1970.
Marshall was part of a project of the Caribbean Industrial Research Institute in 1982 which investigated the possibilities of machine production of Steel Pans.
Because of Marshall’s exceptional contributions to Trinidad & Tobago’s National Instrument, the T&T government awarded him their Chaconia Gold Medal, given for “Outstanding Service to the Country”. That was the first time the award was given in the field of music.
He further received the Order of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, presented by President George Maxwell Richards in 2008.
Death.
Bertie died at his home on 17 October 2012 in the presence of friends and family. He was survived by his children, Claude and Claudine, and grandchildren Damara, Megan and Sule.
Readings.
Felix I. R. Blake: The Trinidad and Tobago Steel Pan: History and Evolution. ISBN 0-9525528-0-9
References.
Materials science and metallurgy of the Caribbean steel drum Part I Fabrication, deformation phenomena and acoustic fundamentals, Springer Netherlands, ISSN0022-2461 
Reflection on Aspects that define the Steelband culture of Trinidad and Tobago, Dr. Jeannine Remy D.M.A. and Jeremy G. de Barry P.Dip. E.E.Eng. - June 2005

</doc>
<doc id="19285031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19285031" title="Stanislav Igolinsky">
Stanislav Igolinsky

Stanislav Igolinsky (born in Saratov, 1953) is a Russian pianist. 
Stanislav Igolinsky (Russia)
Igolisky was born in 1953 in Saratov. In 1971 he finished Magnet musical school at the Leningrad Conservatory in class of Volf M.V. (piano) and in class of Volfenzon S.J. (composition). In 1976 Igolinsky graduated from the Moscow State Conservatory, and then from the Postgraduate study-training in class of Professor Voskresensky M.S. 
In 1972 Igolinsky took the 1 prize at the Fourth All-Union competition of pianists in Minsk. In 1974 he received the 2 premium at the Fifth International competition named after Tchaikovsky in Moscow. In 1975 he took the 2 prize at the International competition named after Queen Elizabeth in Brussels.
Stanislav Igolinsky gave concerts almost in 200 cities of CIS, and also in Belgium, Holland, Austria, Switzerland, Japan, Czechoslovakia, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Poland, Bulgaria, Romania, Yugoslavia, Spain, and Taiwan. He acted with such well-known conductors as Svetlanov, Gergiyev, Kitayenko, Katz, Dmitriyev, Janson, Domarkas, Sondetskis, Sinaisky, Dimitriadi, Kersies, Hofman, Oberfrank, Segestriom, Stryia, Bentsi, Zanderling, Beloglavek. In repertoire of him are the works of Bach, Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven (almost all sonatas), Schubert, Schuman, 
Liszt, Chopin (almost all works), Brahms, Grieg, Debussy, Ravel, Musorgsky, Tchaikovsky, Rachmaninov, Skryabin, Prokofiev, Shostakovich, more than 30 concerts for piano with orchestra, piano quartets and quintets, sonatas for violin and piano. The pianist also acts with the violinist Vladislav Igolinsky, with the State quartet after the name of Taneyev. From 1979 till 2000 Stanislav Igolinsky was the soloist of St.-Petersburg-Concert. From 1984 till 1991, from 2002 till 2005 he taught at the St.-Petersburg Conservatory. Since 2005 Igolinsky works as a Doctor at the Moscow State Conservatory. Now Dr. Igolinsky gives the master-classes, participates in work of jury of the Russian and international piano competitions. 
He embarked in an international concert career once he graduated from the Moscow State Conservatory (1976). A former teacher at the St. Petersburg Conservatory, Igolinsky is since 2005 a Doctor in Moscow's. He is an Honored Artist of the Russian Federation. 
References.
Almaty Piano Competition

</doc>
<doc id="19285036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19285036" title="Pietro Camporese the Younger">
Pietro Camporese the Younger

Pietro Camporese the Younger (1792–1873) was an Italian neoclassical architect. He was the grandson of the architect Pietro Camporese the Elder. One of his major commissions was the Palazzo Wedekind in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="19285048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19285048" title="Melitaea phoebe">
Melitaea phoebe

The Knapweed Fritillary ("Melitaea phoebe") is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone, except the Northernmost locations. It used to include "Melitaea telona", recently revalidated as a distinct cryptic species.
The wingspan is 34–50 mm. The butterfly flies from April to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Plantago" and "Centaurea" species (including "Centaurea jacea").

</doc>
<doc id="19285059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19285059" title="FA Youth Cup Finals of the 1990s">
FA Youth Cup Finals of the 1990s

FA Youth Cup Finals from 1990 to 1999.
1994/95: Manchester United v. Tottenham Hotspur (1-2 and 1-0, 2-2 Aggregate, 4-3 Penalty shootout).
Second leg.
Old Trafford, 15 May 1995
Manchester United - Tottenham Hotspur 1-0 aet 1-0 (0-0)
1-0 89 min. Terry Cooke
Attendance: 20.190
Penalty shootout 4-3
First leg.
White Hart Lane, 11 May 1995
Tottenham Hotspur - Manchester United 2-1 (1-0)
1-0 07 min. Simon Wormull
2-0 47 min. Rory Allen
2-1 85 min. Terry Cooke
Attendance: 8.213
1992/93: Leeds United v. Manchester United (2-0 and 2-1, 4-1 Aggregate).
Second leg.
Elland Road, 13 May 1993
Leeds United - Manchester United 2-1 (2-1)
1-0 12 min. Jamie Forrester
1-1 29 min. Paul Scholes (Pen.)
2-1 30 min. Matthew Smithard
Attendance: 31.047
First leg.
Old Trafford, 10 May 1993
Manchester United - Leeds United 0-2 (0-1)
0-1 16 min. Jamie Forrester
0-2 62 min. Noel Whelan
Attendance: 30.562
1991/92: Manchester United v. Crystal Palace (3-1 and 3-2, 6-3 Aggregate).
Second leg.
Old Trafford, 15h May 1992
Manchester United - Crystal Palace 3-2 (1-1)
0-1 01 min. Andrew McPherson
1-1 33 min. Ben Thornley
2-1 50 min. Simon Davies
2-2 62 min. Stuart McCall
3-2 ?? min. Colin McKee
Attendance: 14.681
First leg.
Selhurst Park, 14 April 1992
Crystal Palace - Manchester United 1-3 (0-2)
0-1 17 min. Nicky Butt
0-2 30 min. David Beckham
1-2 86 min. Stuart McCall
1-3 89 min. Nicky Butt
Attendance: 7.825

</doc>
