<doc id="19370057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370057" title="Avraham Biran">
Avraham Biran

Avraham Biran (, born (23 October 1909 – 16 September 2008) was an Israeli archaeologist, best known for heading excavations at Tel Dan in northern Israel. He headed the Institute of Archaeology at Hebrew Union College in Jerusalem for many years.
Biography.
Avraham Bergman (later Biran) was born in 1909 in Petah Tikva, then part of the Ottoman Empire. He liked to refer to himself as a "Mayflower Israeli", since his ancestors were among the founders of the settlement of Rosh Pina. During his youth his family moved to Egypt, where his father managed a farm in a small village. His Romanian-born great-grandfather came to Palestine decades before Theodor Herzl launched political Zionism in 1897. After his father's death the family returned to Palestine and he grew up in his grandparents house until the age of 13. He studied at the Hebrew Reali School of Haifa which he says left a lifelong impression on him. He said:
My initial interest in archaeology began when I was a student at the Reali school in Haifa, under the influence of the principle Dr. Arthur Biram, who taught us Bible combined with ancient history. During those days we went on many hikes, and we loved to hike with the Bible in hand. Among other places, we visited ancient Samaria and the archaeological digs of the American expedition; we visited Jerusalem, the Western Wall, Hebron and the Cave of the Patriarchs. I think that these were the seeds that later sprouted when Professor Albright, one of the great archaeologists, invited me to come study with him.
Afterwards, he continued his studies in the David Yellin Teachers College in Jerusalem. From 1928–1930 he taught in the Reali school in Haifa. In 1930 he began his studies at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia and in 1931 he enrolled as a student in the department of Near Eastern Studies under Prof. William F. Albright at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore. He received his M.A. in 1934 and his PhD in 1935.
He died in 2008, a month before his 99th birthday, in Jerusalem. Biran was married to Ruth née Frankel. The couple had 3 children.
Archaeology career.
Biran returned to Jerusalem in 1935, serving as a Fellow in the American Schools of Oriental Research until 1937, participating in a number of archaeological digs, including Tel Halifa near Aqaba, digs near the cities of Mosul and Baghdad in Iraq, Irbid in Jordan and Ras El Haruba outside Jerusalem. At the request of Yitzhak Ben-Zvi, the head of the Jewish National Council (and later the President of Israel), Biran wrote a response to an anti-Zionist tract authored by Dr. Tawfik Canaan. In 1961, Biran was appointed head of the Department of Antiquities and Museums under the Ministry of Education and Culture, a post he held until 1974. He initiated the publication of the journal "Archaeology News" in Hebrew and English. After Israel's capture of the West Bank in 1967, Biran initiated archaeological surveys in the area. He also served as the Israeli representative at the Hague Convention. At UNESCO seminars he encouraged the commencement of archaeological digs at the Western Wall and in the Jewish quarter of Jerusalem. He was instrumental in the founding of the Israel Museum in Jerusalem and he was active in the refurbishment of the Rockefeller Museum and the Shrine of the Book that contains the Qumran scrolls.
From 1974 Biran headed the Nelson Glueck School of Biblical Archaeology at Hebrew Union College in Jerusalem . In 1977 he organized an international conference on the subject of "Temples and High Places in Biblical Times", publishing the results of the conference in a book with the same name in 1981. He served as a member of the organizing committee of the International Conference of Biblical Archaeology in 1984 and 1990.
In 1966, Biran began the project with which he has been most famously identified: the excavations at Tel Dan in northern Israel, where he dug for more than 30 years. The 5,000-year-old "Tel" is a mound formed by layer-upon-layer of remnants from civilizations that once occupied the site. In the Tel, Biran discovered the largest religious site ever found that dates from the Israelite period. The excavations revealed fragments from the period when the Cannanite settlement of Laish was re-settled by the Israelite tribe of Dan, although this point is based on the Bible and no evidence has proven this. Dating from the earlier period of the patriarchs, Biran excavated an arched gate, as well as a tremendous dirt wall that surrounded the city. Biran also found artifacts from the period of the Jewish monarchy – the city's defenses, walls and gates as well as the "High Places of the Gate" mentioned in the Bible. Biran's most important discovery at the Tel was an inscription on a slab of basalt, known as the Tel Dan Stele, that consists of 13 lines in ancient Canaanite script that mention "The House of David". Regarding the significance of this inscription Hebrew University archaeologist Professor Amnon Ben-Tor said:
In this inscription, which dates to around 800 BCE, Biran believe that a king from the House of David is mentioned as being struck down in the battle with the Arameans. This is the only extra-Biblical source ever found to date that mentions the existence of the Davidic dynasty and it indeed is an extra-Biblical source that confirms the existence of David as a real historical figure. During the last few years a number of English and Scandinavian researchers have published works suggesting that the kingdoms (and figures) of David and Solomon are literary inventions rather than historical facts.
The Moore College archaeologist George Athas writes:
With regards to the Biblical texts, the Tel Dan Inscription demonstrates that there are definite historical kernels in the Bible that cannot readily be dismissed ... The Tel Dan inscription has brought us a definite step closer to finding a historical David.
Civil service career.
In 1937, Biran took an extended break from academia and archeology, taking up an appointment as District Officer for the Afula district and the Jezreel Valley settlements. Referring to this sudden career change Biran wrote:
In 1937, in response to the events (of the time) the Jewish settlers demanded that the British Mandate authorities appoint Jewish district officers to deal with their settlements so that they would not have to enter heavily populated Arab cities (to deal with bureaucratic affairs). The Jewish Agency offered me the position. I responded in surprise: what does an archaeologist have to do with Mandatory affairs?. To which they responded: But his this the (Jezreel) Valley! so I could not refuse.
In 1938, Biran began an archaeological survey in the Beit She'an valley in conjunction with Ruth Berndstadter-Amiran. He was miraculously saved after his jeep tripped a land mine on the way to Kibbutz Tirat Zvi. In 1946, Biran was appointed District Officer for the Jerusalem district; he also served as a member of the city counsel of Jerusalem until the Israel's Declaration of Israel's Independence in 1948. During the waning days of the British Mandate in 1948, Biran packed up Jewish property deeds so the owners could reclaim their lands and houses following the anticipated war. He saw this act as paralleling with the experiences of another Jew who hid property titles in the Judean Hills to protect them from Roman legionnaires almost two thousand years ago.
After Israeli independence, Biran was appointed as the assistant to the cabinet secretary, also serving as the assistant military governor of Jerusalem. During this time he changed his name from Bergman to Biran. Until 1955 he served as a member of the committee overseeing the cease-fire agreement with Jordan. In 1955 Biran was appointed counsel-general of Israel in Los Angeles, California.
Views and opinions.
Biran explained his own view of the importance of archaeology, particularly for Jews in modern day Israel:
Israeli archaeology is important to enable us to understand the nations who lived here from prehistoric times onwards. Since the stories of the Bible are connected to this specific land, every archaeological discovery (in Israel) has significance for understanding the Bible. We wish to identify and recognize the places we heard of growing up studying the Bible in school.
Biran remained unapologetic for Israel's control of the West Bank and Jerusalem. He said:
In times of war, the victor takes over the possession of the vanquished. That's what the Jordanians did in the Old City and in the areas which they held and that is what the Israelites did after 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19370061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370061" title="Godfrey Clarke">
Godfrey Clarke

Godfrey Clarke (born c. 1684 d, 1734), was an English politician who represented Derbyshire in the 18th century. 
Clarke was the son of Gilbert Clarke of Chilcote and his wife Barbara Clerke daughter of George Clerke of Northamptonshire. The family was long associated with Somersall Hall and had acquired Chilcote Hall (now demolished) in the 17th century and the estate of Sutton Scarsdale between 1736 and 1740.
Clarke was elected Member of Parliament for Derbyshire in 1710. He held the seat until 1734.
Clarke married Catherine Stanhope daughter of Philip Stanhope, 2nd Earl of Chesterfield in 1706. Clarke's son or grandson Godfrey Bagnall Clarke (b c 1742) was the last member of the family of Chilcote.
It is recorded that Clarke died 14 March 1734, but that makes it difficult for him to have bought Sutton in dates up to 1740.

</doc>
<doc id="19370090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370090" title="Charles-Adrien Buéno's collection">
Charles-Adrien Buéno's collection

Charles-Adrien Buéno's collection gathers contemporary ceramics works of art collected by the French collector Charles-Adrien Buéno.
It is known to be one of the most outstanding collections of ceramics works of art in the world. Covering the ceramics art production from the early 1970s to present days, the Charles-Adrien Buéno's collection includes works of ceramics art by the most prominent worldwide ceramists of the time like Claude Champy, René Ben Lisa, Claire Debril, Gordon Baldwin, Robert Deblander, Philippe Lambercy, Jean Girel, Wyne Fischer, Daniel de Montmollin, Bernard Dejonghe, Irène Wonk, Wouter Dan, Jean-François Fouilloux, Edouard Chapallaz, Monica Debus, Camille Virot, and Maria Parup.
Charles-Adrien Buéno's collection has been shown through exhibitions and retrospectives in Paris, Geneva and Séoul.

</doc>
<doc id="19370094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370094" title="Johnny Dole &amp; The Scabs">
Johnny Dole &amp; The Scabs

Johnny Dole & The Scabs were one of the first punk rock bands in Australia; they played live and recorded in Sydney, during 1977–78.
The band mutated out of The Strays, a typical cover band, and were looking for a new drummer to complete the line-up. After finding the right one the band consisted of: Terry Walsh (lead vocals), Peter Mullany (guitar), Mark Wong See (guitar), Dave Berry (bass - vocals), and Greg Morris (drums - vocals).
The First "Real" Gig.
After a few rehearsals The Strays played their first gig on Thursday, 24 February 1977 at the Stagecoach Tavern in Sydney. After more rehearsals the band realised that the style of music was different to what they expected it to be, faster and dirtier. With punk rock bursting onto the scene this is exactly what The Strays had become, a punk rock band. This didn't sit well with guitarist Mark Wong See and he decided to leave the band. The four remaining members chose a new name and Johnny Dole & The Scabs was born.
It was obvious that this new style of music was not going to suit the 'normal' venues of the time so venues that supported Punk Rock were approached. George Kringus was the manager of Radio Birdman and booked the bands at the legendary Oxford Funhouse at Taylor Square, giving the band their first 'real' gig on Friday, 15 April 1977.
Management.
Ray Walsh, Johnny Dole's brother, agreed to manage the band. He had gathered many contacts during his time as a professional wrestler and was able to secure many interviews with all the major newspapers of the time, "The Daily Mirror ", "The Daily Telegraph" and "The Sydney Morning Herald " to name just a few. A recording session with Sydney radio station 2JJ's producer Keith Walker led to a number of interviews and songs regularly played on 2JJ. An interview on Channel 9's " A Current Affair " program with Mike Carlton which aired in January 1978 and supporting The Saints at the Refectory at Sydney University were just some of the highlights of Ray's achievements.
Film Clip.
Peita Letchford, a student at the Australian Film, Television and Radio School (AFTRS), had approached the band with the proposal of making a film clip (video) for one of the band’s songs as part of her studies. "Aggro" (Dole/Mullany) was chosen and the shoot was at Woolloomooloo in some old factories that were being demolished. This film clip was never shown publicly. Letchford died of cancer in the late 1990s, but the clip was located 30 years after it was made, in the AFTRS archives. See below for YouTube link.
The Grand Hotel.
With the closure of the Oxford Funhouse this left a hole for any punk band to get gigs as there weren’t that many venues at the time. Johnny Dole & The Scabs approached the publicans at many pubs around Sydney hoping to find one that would be prepared to put on this new style of music. The Grand Hotel - Broadway, Sydney was the only one that would listen and publican Dennis agreed for the band to use the back room, which wasn't being used, to put bands on. On Friday, 16 September 1977 Johnny Dole & The Scabs opened the doors to the Grand Hotel which would go on to be known as ‘the’ place to play in Sydney.
Many bands played at the Grand Hotel and some of these included Rocks, Tommy & The Dipsticks, Blackrunner (with Danny Rumour who would go on to Sekret Sekret and then The Cruel Sea), Shock Treatment, Society Blitz, Subversion, Psychosurgeons, The Press, Mental As Anything, The Mangrove Boogie Kings, World War IV and many more.
The End.
Johnny Dole & The Scabs' last gig with this line-up was at the Bondi Lifesaver, in Bondi Junction on Thursday, 9 February 1978 supporting Cold Chisel. Not long after this Greg Morris was asked to leave and Dave Berry followed not long after that. The band didn't last much longer but did do a few gigs with new personnel. Johnny Dole and Peter Mullany later joined forces with Tommy & The Dipsticks to form The Crooked Hearts. Dave Berry disappeared back to the mountains from where he came and is now playing in blues band Blue Roots. Greg Morris joined Rocks (band) and soon after recorded the EP 'You'r So Boring' which has gone onto to be a much-sought-after collector’s item he is now playing in Sydney cover band Mad Cow.
Line Up.
Terry Walsh (Johnny Dole) - Lead Vocals
Peter Mullany - Guitar
Dave Berry - Bass/Vocals
Greg Morris - Drums/Vocals
Discography.
LP's.
"WHY MARCH WHEN YOU CAN RIOT?! An Aberrant Collection"
Label: ABERRANT RECORDS - Release Date: 1985 - Compilation album including: Living Like An Animal, Psycho Analyst & Stuff Your Rules.
"SCAB ANIMAL 1977"
Label: Buckwheat Headlock Productions BHP 03 - Release Date: 1997
Label: Unknown BIRD 771 - Release Date: 1999 - Compilation album including: Little Lord Punk, Lucky Country & All That's Going On.
CD's.
"SCAB ANIMAL 1977"
Label: Brain Salad Surgery BSS05 - Release Date: 1996
"GO AND DO IT The Aberrant Compilations"
Label: SMALL AXE SA-03 - Release Date: 1996 - Compilation album including: Living Like An Animal, Psycho Analyst & Stuff Your Rules.
"DO THE POP! REDUX PART ONE"
Label: Shock DTO-RE1 - Release Date: 2007 - Compilation album including: Living Like An Animal.

</doc>
<doc id="19370095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370095" title="Bakhtiyor Hamidullaev">
Bakhtiyor Hamidullaev

Bakhtiyor Hamidullaev (born 7 March 1978 in Andijan, USSR (now Uzbekistan) is a former Uzbek football player.
Career.
He played the most time of his career for FK Andijan and is considered as one of the best players of "FK Andijan" history in modern period. Hamidullaev was "Best club top scorer" in 1999-2002 and 2006 seasons and also became Uzbek League Top Scorer in 1999 with 24 goals and in 2002 with 22 goals. He scored over 190 goals in Uzbek League, Cup and for national team and member of Gennadi Krasnitsky club of Uzbek top scorers. He finished player career in 2011 and played last season for "FK Andijan"
International.
Bakhtiyor Hamidullaev achieved 8 caps as Uzbekistan national football team player, scoring 3 goals. The most notable of his international appearances was 2001 Merdeka Tournament in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia where Uzbekistan team won the tournament for the first time. Hamidullaev scored 3 goals in 3 matches. His golden goal in overtime of final match against Bosnia and Herzegovina helped Uzbekistan team win match with 2:1.
Career statistics.
International.
Goals for Senior National Team

</doc>
<doc id="19370121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370121" title="Kofi Aidoo">
Kofi Aidoo

Kofi Aidoo is a Ghanaian writer. He was born in the 1950s at Sagyimase in the Akim Abuakwa Traditional Area of Ghana, where he also began his Elementary Education at Asikwa. The first of nine children born to a senior touring officer at the Ghana Prisons Services; his interests in writing began at a very tender age writing short stories on his escapades with his father around the country. While studying at Anum Presbyterian Training College, his literary works found their way into the BBC-Africa Service weekly bulletin. 
He studied journalism part-time at the Ghana Institute of Journalism while working as a teacher in Accra, and published his first work "Saworbeng", a collection of eleven stories interpersed with lays to mimic the traditional mode of storytelling.

</doc>
<doc id="19370124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370124" title="Fritz Poske">
Fritz Poske

Hans-Georg Friedrich "Fritz" Poske (23 October 1904 in Berlin-Schöneberg – 1 October 1984 in Wachtberg) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. He also commanded the Aviso "Grille", Adolf Hitler's state yacht.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of Fritz Poske is credited with the sinking of 15 ships for a total of and further damaging another ship of that it had to be considered a total loss.

</doc>
<doc id="19370134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370134" title="Solomon Owello">
Solomon Owello

Solomon James Owello (born 25 December 1988) is a Nigerian football midfielder who currently plays for IK Start.
Career.
He came to Start in 2008, and has previously played for the Nigerian club Niger Tornadoes F.C.. He has previously been trialing with Manchester United of England.

</doc>
<doc id="19370180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370180" title="The Shipman Inquiry">
The Shipman Inquiry

The Shipman Inquiry was the report produced by a British governmental investigation into the activities of general practitioner and serial killer Harold Shipman. Shipman was caught in 1998 and the inquiry commenced after his trial in 2000. It released its findings in various stages, with its sixth and final report being released on 27 January 2005. It was chaired by Dame Janet Smith DBE.
While Shipman was convicted of 15 murders, the inquiry established that he probably committed 250 in total, though the true number could be more. The inquiry took approximately 2,500 witness statements and analysed approximately 270,000 pages of evidence. In total the six reports ran to 5,000 pages and the investigation cost £21 million.
Remit and make up of inquiry.
On 1 February 2000, the Secretary of State for Health, Alan Milburn, announced that an independent private inquiry would take place into Shipman's activities. It would decide what "changes to current systems should be made in order to safeguard patients in the future". Its findings would be made public, though it would be held in private. It was to be chaired by Lord Laming of Tewin.
It began work on 10 March and was to produce a report by September 2000. Many families of the victims along with certain sections of the British media called for a Judicial Review in the High Court. It found in their favour and recommended that the inquiry be held in public. The Secretary of State for Health agreed and in September 2000, announced that the inquiry would be held under the terms of the Tribunals of Inquiry (Evidence) Act 1921. This was then ratified by both Houses of Parliament in January 2001. Lord Laming was replaced by Dame Janet. Dame Janet initially hoped to finish her inquiries by "Spring of 2003". The inquiry was held in the Town Hall in Manchester with proceedings relayed by closed circuit television to the public library in Hyde, where Shipman had lived, in order for the town's inhabitants to follow it more easily.
There were four main areas investigated: 
Findings.
The inquiry found "major flaws in the systems that govern death registration, the prescription of drugs and the monitoring of doctors." In all, including the 15 deaths Shipman was convicted of, it concluded that Shipman had killed 250 patients, starting in 1971 while he was working in Pontefract General Infirmary. Though the majority of his victims were elderly, there was a "quite serious suspicion" that he had killed one patient aged four.
The report rejected claims by a prisoner, John Harkin, who knew Shipman while he was in Preston prison, that Shipman had confessed to 508 deaths. In Dame Janet's view, no "reliance be placed on Mr Harkin's account."
Recommendations.
The report made a number of recommendations for the reform of various British systems. It called for coroners to be better trained and underlined that better controls on the use of schedule 2, 3 and 4 drugs by doctors and pharmacists were needed.
It also recommended that fundamental changes be implemented in the way that doctors are overseen. Specifically, it said, the General Medical Council "was an organisation designed to look after the interests of doctors, not patients".
Post-inquiry situation.
In 2008, a University of Dundee investigation found that even if the monitoring of patients' deaths was introduced as the inquiry suggested, it would provide "such poor evidence that it would take 30 deaths to detect a murderous trend" because since 2004 in Britain, "patients have been registered with practices, not individual doctors, so the data on each GP is lacking".

</doc>
<doc id="19370181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370181" title="CENBOL">
CENBOL

In astronomy, CENBOL (derived from "CENtrifugal pressure supported BOundary Layer) is the region of an accretion flow around a black hole. 
Centrifugal force.
Because centrifugal force l2/r3 increases very rapidly compared to the gravitational force (which goes as 1/r2) as the distance r decreases, matter feels increasing centrifugal force as it approaches a black hole. Thus the matter initially slows down, typically through a shock transition, and then accelerates again to become a supersonic flow.
The importance of CENBOL is that it behaves like a boundary layer of a black hole. This region is located between the shock and the innermost sonic point of an accretion flow. CENBOL becomes hot due to sudden reduction of the radial kinetic energy and it puffs up. In a certain sense it behaves like a thick accretion disk, except that it also has radial velocity. Because it is hot, it inverse Comptonizes soft photons or seed photons and produces very high energy hard photons. Just as a boundary layer, it also produces jets and outflows.
In the presence of radiative or thermal cooling effects, CENBOL may start to oscillate and then the number of intercepted soft photons would be modulated. As a result, the number of hard photons are also modulated producing what is known as quasi-periodic oscillations (or QPOs).

</doc>
<doc id="19370185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370185" title="Georges Vereeken">
Georges Vereeken

Georges Vereeken was a Belgian socialist. He was born in Ghent, Belgium in 1896 and died in Brussels in 1978. He was a taxi driver by trade. From 1925, he was a member of the Central Committee of the Parti Communiste de Belgique (PCB) but was active in Brussels in the Belgian Section of the International Left Opposition (ILO) and its successor the International Communist League (ICL) during 1928-1935. He broke with the official Trotskyist movement to lead the Groupe Spartakus 1935-1937, then re-joining the Parti Socialiste Révolutionnaire (PSR), of which he was the Secretary, 1937-1938. He broke with the official Trotskyists again in 1938, editing "Contre le Courant" 1938-1945. Later, he was involved in the Tendance Marxiste Révolutionnaire (TMR) 1964-1978.[http://www.iisg.nl/archives/en/files/v/10773109.php]
He was closely allied to Dutch socialist Henk Sneevliet and to the Workers' Party of Marxist Unification (POUM) in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19370192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370192" title="Bannatyne Manuscript">
Bannatyne Manuscript

The Bannatyne Manuscript is an anthology of literature compiled in Scotland in the sixteenth century. It is an important source for the Scots poetry of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. The manuscript contains texts of the poems of the great makars, many anonymous Scots pieces and works by medieval English poets.
It was collected by the Edinburgh merchant George Bannatyne who also included some of his own writing.
According to the text of the manuscript itself, it represents;
History of the Document.
A note in the manuscript records that it was presented by William Foulis of Woodhall, a descendant of Bannatyne, to William Carmichael of Skirling in 1712.
In the early Eighteenth Century, Allan Ramsay reproduced pieces from the manuscript in his compilation "The Ever Green" between 1724 and 1727.
The manuscript was acquired by the Advocates' Library of Edinburgh in 1772.
Walter Scott took an interest in the document and participated in an eponymous club dedicated to the study and publication of historic Scots literature. The first printed transcript of the manuscript was published by the Bannatyne Club, in three volumes, between 1827 and 1855.
The Hunterian Club published a new transcript in 1896.
The manuscript is now held by The National Library of Scotland with the catalogue number "Adv. MS. 1.1.6".
Contents of the Document.
The Bannatyne Manuscript was divided by its compiler into five principal sections. It also contains a series of unclassified appendices which were partly written by scribes other than Bannatyne himself.
Ballattis Of Theologie.
The first section contains pieces with a religious theme. Many predate the Reformation.
It includes Robert Henryson's "Ane Prayer for the Pest", Alexander Scott's translations of the first and fifty-first psalms, William Dunbar's "The Tabill Of Confessioun", "Rorate Celi Desuper" and "Done Is A Battell On The Dragon Blak" and John Lydgate's "O Creaturis Creat Of Me Your Creator."
Verry Singular Ballatis, full of Wisdome And Moralitie Etc..
The "Secound Pairt" of the manuscript contains poems with moral or philosophical themes.
Among the pieces in the section are Henrysons's "The Abbay Walk", "The Ressoning Betwix Aige and Yowth", "The Ressoning Betwix Deth and Man" and "The Praise of Age".
Dunbar's work is well-represented by "All Erdly Joy Returnis In Pane", "Of Manis Mortalitie", "Tydings Fra The Sessioun", "A General Satire", "Of Deming", "Of Covetyce", "Rewl Of Anis Self", "None May Assure In This Warld", "Schir Yet Remembir As Of Befoir", and the trilogy consisting of "Of Discretioun In Asking", "Of Discretioun In Geving" and "Of Discretioun in Taking".
The second section also contains the prologue to the ninth book of Gavin Douglas' Eneados and Alexander Scott's "Ane New Yeir Gift to Quene Mary".
Ballettis Mirry, And Uther Solatius Consaittis, Set Furth Be Divers Ancient Poyettis.
The third section of the manuscript is dedicated to comic entertainment with a heavy bias toward satire.
It includes a largely-complete text of Sir David Lyndsay's Satyre Of The Thrie Estaitis.
Scott's work is represented by "The Slicht Remeid Of Luve", "Ane Ballat Maid To The Derisioun And Scorne Of Wantoun Wemen", "The Justing And Debait Up At The Drum" and "Of May".
William Dunbar's poetry dominates the section. Among the works of his to be included are "Best To Be Blyth", The Dregy Of Dunbar, Lament for the Makaris, "The Dance Of The Seven Deadly Sins", "My Panefull Purs So Priclis Me", "The Wowing Of The King Quhen He Was In Dunfermeling", The Fenyeit Freir of Tungland, "The Birth Of Antichrist", The Twa Cummeris, The Flyting of Dumbar and Kennedie and "The Testament Of Master Andro Kennedy".
"The Thrid Pairt" also contains The Wife of Auchtermuchty, "Kynd Kittock", How The First Helandman of God Was Maid, "Christis Kirk On The Green" and Quhy Sowld Nocht Allane Honorit Be.
Ballatis Of Luve Devydit in Four Pairtis.
Bannatyne divided this section, on the theme of love, into four subsections:
Most of the poems in the section are ascribed to no author. Alexander Scott's poetry is predominant among the named poets.
The section contains Dunbar's "Gude Counsale", "Bewty And The Presoneir", "Of The Lady Solistaris At Court","In Prais Of Wemen", "Quha Will Behald Of Luve The Chance" and "Inconstancy Of Luve". Henryson is represented by "The Garment of Gud Ladeis" and Douglas by the prologue to the fourth book of The Eneados.
One poem entitled "Gif Langour Maks Men Licht" is ascribed to "King Hary Stewart".
Contenyng The Fabillis Of Esop, With Diverss Uther Fabillis And Poeticall Works.
The "Fyift Pairt" of the manuscript is given over to fables and other allegories. Ten of Henryson's Morall Fabillis are included alongside the same author's Orpheus and Euridice, "Robene And Makyne" and "The Bludy Serk".
Dunbar is represented by "The Goldyn Targe" and The Thrissil and the Rois.
The fifth section also contains The Howlat, "The Freiris Of Berwick" and "Colkelbie Sow".
Appendices.
The manuscript's appendices, often written by anonymous scribes other than Bannatyne, contain works which are not classified according to the compiler's five-part scheme.
Alexander Montgomerie is represented by several poems including "Lyk as the dum Solsequium". Dunbar's "In vice most vicius he excellis" is also included.
A poem added to the appendices by Allan Ramsay in 1726 pays tribute to the poetry of the Bannatyne Manuscript and records his use of it in compiling the "The Ever Green" of 1724, while borrowed from Carmichael of Skirling. It would be the last addition to the manuscript.

</doc>
<doc id="19370199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370199" title="Dilshod Mansurov">
Dilshod Mansurov

Dilshod Mansurov (born on December 12, 1983 in Tashkent) is a male freestyle wrestler from Uzbekistan. He participated in Men's freestyle 55 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He earned 4th place after losing the bronze medal fight with Besik Kudukhov. 
Mansurov also participated in 2004 Summer Olympics where he was ranked 10th. 
He is a winner of |and 2005 FILA Wrestling World Championships (Men's freestyle 55 kg).
Mansurov won gold medals at 2006 Asian Games and 2010 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19370200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370200" title="Eugene Gilhawley">
Eugene Gilhawley

Eugene Gilhawley (14 April 1910 – 3 May 1987) was an Irish Fine Gael politician, from Ballymote, County Sligo. Gilhawley represented the Ballymote area on Sligo County Council from 1955 to his retirement in 1979. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fine Gael Teachta Dála (TD) for the Sligo–Leitrim constituency at the 1961 general election and was re-elected at the 1965 general election. He lost his seat at the 1969 general election but was again elected at the 1973 general election and was re-elected at the 1977 general election. He did not contest the 1981 general election.
Eugene Gilhawley had worked as a National School principal for many years, until retiring in 1973, and was also an active member of Sligo GAA.

</doc>
<doc id="19370226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370226" title="Canton of Rouen">
Canton of Rouen

The Cantons of Rouen are 7 cantons situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
A city canton with the river Seine at its heart, in the arrondissement of Rouen, centred on the regional capital of Rouen. The altitude varies from 2m to 152m with an average altitude of 10m.
Composition.
The Cantons of Rouen comprises just 1 commune (Rouen), split into 7 sub-cantons, with a total of 106,592inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19370234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370234" title="Myrella Cohen">
Myrella Cohen

Myrella Cohen (born in Manchester, 1927 - died October 2002) was one of the first female judges in Great Britain. She was born into a Jewish family in Manchester in 1927 and her parents, Sam and Sarah Cohen wanted to name her after their mothers who were called Myra and Ella, so they came up with the combination of Myrella.She was educated at Manchester High School for Girls and Colwyn Bay Grammar School and then read law at Manchester University. She married Mordaunt Cohen whose surname was the same as her own.
Career.
Myrella Cohen went on to become one of the first female judges and QCs in the UK, who was a pioneer for women in the legal profession. At the age of 44 she became the youngest judge in the UK at that time. She presided over numerous high profile cases at many courts in both Newcastle and London including the Old Bailey and as resident Judge in Harrow. In 1992 she became the first person to receive an honorary doctorate in law from the University of Sunderland. In 2001 she starred as the Judge in the TV programme 'Trial by Jury'.
Communal Life.
Myrella was very active in the Jewish community as President of the international association of Jewish lawyers and jurors. She led the campaign in the UK for agunot (Jewish women whose husbands will not allow them to remarry). This campaign took over 10 years and in 2001 she successfully pushed a law through Parliament, the Divorce (Religious Marriages) Bill making it a lot harder for husbands to withhold a divorce (get) from their wives. The bill was completed and stamped by the Queen in August 2002. She died two months later in October 2002 and was buried at the Har Hamenuchot cemetery in Jerusalem. A new road in Sunderland, called Myrella Crescent, was named in honour

</doc>
<doc id="19370258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370258" title="Günther Pulst">
Günther Pulst

Günther Pulst (26 March 1918 in Braunschweig – 5 January 1991 in Bonn) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
His nephew is the American scientist Stefan M. Pulst.

</doc>
<doc id="19370264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370264" title="Blood of Dreams">
Blood of Dreams

Blood of Dreams is a 2007 debut historical fiction and horror novel by Susan Parisi. It follows the story of women who has the power to stop a killer as he stalks the dreams of his victims.
Background.
"Blood of Dreams" was first published in Australia in 2007 by Penguin Books under their Viking Press imprint in trade paperback format. In June 2008 it was republished in mass market paperback format. "Blood of Dreams" won the 2007 Aurealis Award for best horror novel and was a short-list nominee for the 2008 Arthur Ellis Award for best first novel but lost to "Garcia's Heart" by Liam Durcan.

</doc>
<doc id="19370265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370265" title="Jonathan Gagnoud">
Jonathan Gagnoud

Jonathan Gagnoud (born 24 March 1988 in Lyon) is a French-Swiss footballer. He currently plays at the club level for Stade Brest 29.

</doc>
<doc id="19370268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370268" title="William Tattenbaum">
William Tattenbaum

William Tattenbaum, aka Russian Bill (1853-November 9, 1881) was an outlaw of the Old West, and an outlaw Cowboy in Cochise County, Arizona. He is best known due to his claim of being of Russian Noble birth.
Outlaw life.
Russian Bill first came to Arizona Territory during the mid-1870s, and quickly gained a reputation for being an excellent dresser. He had curly blonde hair, was handsome, and kept an immaculate mustache, along with wearing expensive clothing. He claimed to be the son to Countess Telfrin, a wealthy aristocrat of nobility, and claimed to have served in the Russian Army as one of the czars Imperial White Hussars, but fled when facing a court martial after having punched a superior officer. None of his claims can be substantiated. In reality, it is unknown as to exactly what his origins were. 
After arriving in Arizona, Tattenbaum was quickly dubbed "Russian Bill" due to his claims, and he met and became friends with numerous cowboys and outlaws of the time, including Ike Clanton, "Curly Bill" Brocius, and Johnny Ringo. By all accounts, he was well liked by the Clanton clan, though it is doubtful that they fully believed his claims of nobility. He began taking part in cattle rustling in Arizona and New Mexico Territory some time around 1878. Although friends with the bunch, he was considered, by most accounts, to be more of an amusement to the others, who did not really take him seriously. 
During this time, he became friends with outlaw and Cowboy Sandy King, well known for his numerous and regular brawls in saloons, and for his outlaw activities in association with the Cowboys. The two became good friends, despite being complete opposites. When King left Tombstone in early 1881, around the time that the troubles started between the Cowboys and the Earps, Tattenbaum followed him. In early November, 1881, while in Shakespeare, New Mexico, King was arrested after shooting and wounding a storekeeper. Tattenbaum was not in town at the time, and instead was out rustling cattle. 
On November 9, 1881, Tattenbaum was captured and brought to the Shakespeare jail. A vigilance committee had been formed locally to battle lawlessness found both men guilty of being a "general nuisance", along with the crimes for which they had been arrested, and lynched them together that same day. According to reports, Tattenbaum begged for his life to be spared. However, King merely asked for a glass of water and told them to carry on with it. The bodies of the two men were left hanging for days, as a reminder to any who visited the town that outlaw activity would not be tolerated. To date, there is nothing known to support the claims made by Tattenbaum of his being from noble Russian birth.

</doc>
<doc id="19370272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370272" title="Brown Girl in the Ring (song)">
Brown Girl in the Ring (song)

"Brown Girl in the Ring" is a traditional children's song in the West Indies. It was originally featured in the game of the same name, thought to have originated in Jamaica. The song became internationally known when it was recorded by the group Boney M. in 1978. Originally it was the B-side of their hit "Rivers of Babylon", but became a hit in its own right. The song had previously been recorded by the group "Malcolm's Locks", leading to a dispute over royalties.
Origin.
Boys and girls play ring games in many parts of the world, especially during their pre-teen years. In "There's a Brown Girl in the Ring, an anthology of Eastern Caribbean song games" by Alan Lomax, J.D. Elder and Bess Lomax Hawes, it is suggested that ring games are a children's precursor to adult courtship.
Players form a ring by holding hands, then one girl or boy goes into the middle of the ring and starts skipping or walking around to the song. The girl or boy is then asked, "Show me your motion." At this point the child in the center does his or her favorite dance. If asked "Show me your partner," he or she picks a friend to join him or her in the circle. It has been played for many centuries in all of Jamaica.
Boney M. recording.
Arguably the most popular version of the song, Boney M.'s version was originally a single B-side to the group's #1 hit single "Rivers of Babylon" (1978). When "Rivers of Babylon" had slipped to #20 in the UK charts, radio stations suddenly flipped the single, seeing "Brown Girl in the Ring" going all the way to #2 and becoming a hit in its own right. Liz Mitchell had previously recorded the song in 1975 with the group "Malcolm's Locks", as the B-side of their single "Caribbean Rock". Mitchell's ex-boyfriend Malcolm Magaron was the group's the lead singer. Arranger Peter Herbolzheimer accused Frank Farian of stealing his arrangement for the song, for which Farian claimed credit on the single. The court case ran for more than 20 years in Germany. 
The early single pressing features the full-length 4:18 version with a chorus bit being edited out. The single mix is also slightly different from the album version which features steel drums on the outro riff of the song, the single mix doesn't. Rivers of Babylon/Brown Girl in the Ring single is the sixth best-selling single of all time in the UK with sales of 2 million.
1993 Remix.
Following the successful sales of the compilation album "Gold - 20 Super Hits", Frank Farian remixed "Brown Girl in the Ring" for a single release, April 1993. The remix featured new lead vocals by Liz Mitchell and reached #6 in Denmark, #38 in the UK charts while failing to chart in Germany. The single also included a new remix of "The Calendar Song".
Releases.
12" Single
Side A
Side B
CD
"Brown Girl in the Ring (Remix '93)" (MCI/BMG 74321 13705 2, 1993)
Bibliography.
"There's a Brown Girl in the Ring" - Alan Lomax, J.D. Elder and Bess Lomax Hawe, Random House, New York, 1997

</doc>
<doc id="19370281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370281" title="Coat of arms of Paris">
Coat of arms of Paris

The coat of arms of the city of Paris, in its current form, dates back to 1111, when King Charles I officially installed it. On the coat of arms, the represented vessel is the symbol of the powerful corporate body of the "Marchands de l'eau", dating back to the Middle Ages. The city motto, "Fluctuat nec mergitur" ("She is tossed by the waves, but does not sink") is equally a reference to this boat.
Design.
In its full representation, it also includes decorations that the city was authorized to include:
History.
The first mention of coat of arms of Paris appears as early as 1190 when Philippe Augustus gave the design to the city, shortly before embarking to the Holy Land. When the French Revolution abolished the nobility by the decree of 20 June 1790, it simultaneously disallowed all emblems or coats of arms. The municipality of Paris quickly complied, and abolished its own arms in November of that same year. It was not until the First French Empire that new cities were officially allowed to have arms. For Paris, this resulted in the Letters Patent granted to the city of Paris by Napoleon on 29 January 1811. In the Letters Patent of Louis XVIII in 1817, the coat of arms of Paris was restored in its traditional form. The motto ""Fluctuat nec mergitur"" first appeared from the end of the sixteenth century, but it was made official by a decree of Baron Haussmann, then prefect of the Seine, dated 24 November 1853.
Modern usage.
The coat of arms is to be found on many Parisian public buildings, including the Hôtel de Ville, the mairies of the 20 arrondissements, the train stations, the bridges, and primary and secondary schools. Today, the police headquarters of Paris uses a logo inspired by the coat of arms of the city of Paris. It was also represented on a postage stamp issued in 1965, the 0.30 franc "Blason de Paris".
It's also used as the Garde républicaine's insignia.
City colors.
The traditional colors of the city of Paris are red and blue. Their official usage dates back to the year 1358, when Étienne Marcel first made use of them. The French tricolor flag is derived from the combined cockade of the king (white) and the Paris Commune (red and blue).

</doc>
<doc id="19370285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370285" title="Floorball World Championships">
Floorball World Championships

The Floorball World Championships are a biennial event organized by the International Floorball Federation (IFF). They were preceded by the European Championships which were held twice in 1994 and 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19370322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370322" title="Hanikatsi laid">
Hanikatsi laid

Hanikatsi laid (, meaning 'Apple Island') is an islet in Estonia, in the Baltic Sea, south east of Hiiumaa island. It has a surface area of 83 hectares and no permanent habitation. The islet belongs to Hiiu County, Pühalepa Parish and is part of Hiiumaa Islets Landscape Reserve, which in turn is part of West Estonian Archipelago Biosphere reserve. 
The flora of Hanikatsi is rich, and over 400 species have been found. There are also records of 117 species of lichens. In the northern part of the islet there lies the 12-hectare Lepana broad-leaved forest, rich in species. In the southern part there are mostly birch, poplar and juniper forests. 
There are records of habitation of the islet from 1623. The last inhabitant left the islet in 1964. There are still some buildings on the islet which have been renovated by the Landscape Reserve and are now used by scientists. 
Many people originating from the islet have the family name Hanikat.

</doc>
<doc id="19370323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370323" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Most Promising Actress Award">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Most Promising Actress Award

Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19370325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370325" title="Yohann Capolungo">
Yohann Capolungo

Yohann Capolungo (born May 13, 1988 in Auxerre) is a French footballer, who currently plays for McGill Redmen Soccer in Montreal, Quebec.
Early life.
Capolungo was born in Auxerre and raised in Vallan, France.
Career.
He began his career on youthside in 2006 for AJ Auxerre and moved on August 8, 2008 from the reserve team to McGill Redmen Soccer. In November 2009 was named in the All Canadian all star team.
Personal life.
Capolungo studies at McGill University, Arts & Science (Economics & Math).

</doc>
<doc id="19370336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370336" title="Rodolphe Prager">
Rodolphe Prager

Rodolphe (Rudi) Prager (born in Berlin, March 31, 1918 - 2002) was a French militant Trotskyist politician and publicist.
Biography.
He emigrated with his parents to Paris in 1929, joined the French Socialist Youth in 1932 and the "Gauche Bolshevik- Leniniste" (Bolshevik-Leninist Left) in 1935. When the Trotskyist Youth, the "Jeunesses socialistes révolutionaires", was set up in 1936, he was a member of its Central Committee. From 1937 he joined the "Parti Communiste Internationaliste" (International Communist Party) of Pierre Frank and Raymond Molinier, was elected onto its Central Committee, and was a founder and leader of the "Jeunesses Communistes Internationalistes". When the Molinier tendency sent its delegation abroad at the outbreak of war, when it was made illegal, Comrade Prager represented the youth on this committee, and along with Georges Vereeken and Molinier and Frank edited its "Correspondance lnternationaliste". From December 1939 to May 1940 Comrade Prager was imprisoned but in July 1940 he returned to Paris illegally and helped to reconstruct the Trotskyist organisation that later assumed the name of the "Comité Communiste Internationaliste" (International Communist Committee). As one of its leaders, he conducted the negotiations that led to the unification of his group with the POI of Marcel Hic and the European Secretariat of Michel Pablo, on which he sat as a representative from September 1943 onwards. On the Political Bureau of the Internationalist Communist Party (PCI), he had special responsibility for its anti-colonial work, and had charge of the same aspect of the work of the International Secretariat from 1946 onwards. During the fifties and sixties he was elected onto the Political Bureau of the PCI and served on the Control Commission of the United Secretariat of the Fourth International from 1964 to 1969. The third and fourth volumes of his documentary survey of the International Secretariat of the Fourth International covering the period up to 1952 are shortly to appear.

</doc>
<doc id="19370341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370341" title="CORE (Brazil)">
CORE (Brazil)

Coordenadoria de Recursos Especiais (Portuguese for "Coordination of Special Assets"), mostly known by its acronym CORE, is a national special police unit within the Civil Police, which originated from the State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. CORE was formed in July 4, 1969, and is comparable to São Paulo's GOE.
Services.
Its structure is composed of the following operating units:

</doc>
<doc id="19370345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370345" title="Reiver Alvarenga">
Reiver Alvarenga

Reiver David Alvarenga Domínguez (born March 11, 1978) is a male judoka from Venezuela, who won the bronze medal in the men's extra lightweight division (– 60 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. He represented his native country in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19370353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370353" title="Vocabulario trilingüe">
Vocabulario trilingüe

The Vocabulario trilingüe (; Spanish for "trilingual vocabulary"; Ayer MS 1478) is an anonymous 16th century manuscript copy of the second edition (1516) of Antonio de Nebrija's Spanish-Latin dictionary, which has been expanded by the addition of Nahuatl translations of its entries in red ink. The manuscript is currently held by the Newberry Library in Chicago, Illinois, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19370359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370359" title="Islamic Jihad of Yemen">
Islamic Jihad of Yemen

The Islamic Jihad of Yemen (الجهاد الإسلامي في اليمن) is an al Qaeda terrorist affiliate that claimed responsibility for the 2008 American Embassy attack in Yemen. The group also threatened future attacks against other embassies, including those of Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom.
The group released a statement saying, "We will carry out the rest of the series of attacks on the other embassies that were declared previously, until our demands are met by the Yemeni government." Meanwhile, on September 18, 2008, Yemeni authorities arrested 25 suspects allegedly connected to Al-Qaeda. Foreign Minister Abou Bakr al-Qurbi said: "The attack on the U.S. Embassy was retaliation by al-Qaeda for the measures taken by the government to fight the terrorists." United States Department of State spokesman Sean McCormack said that "the multi-phased attack bore all the hallmarks of al-Qaeda." The government received an average of $ 40 million yearly in U.S. economic and military aid since 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19370364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370364" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Most Promising Actor Award">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Most Promising Actor Award

Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19370369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370369" title="Rita Montaner">
Rita Montaner

Rita Montaner, born Rita Aurelia Fulcida Montaner y Facenda (Guanabacoa, 21 October 1900 – Havana, 17 April 1958), was a Cuban singer, pianist, actress and star of stage, film, radio and television. In Cuban parlance, she was a "vedette" (a star), and she was well known in Mexico City, Paris, Miami and New York, where she performed, filmed and recorded on various occasions. She was probably the best-loved female star in Cuba of the period 1920–1960; they called her "Rita de Cuba". Though classically trained, her mark was made as a singer of "Afro-Cubanist salon songs".
She was one of three great musicians born in the small town of Guanabacoa in the province of Havana; the others were Bola de Nieve and Ernesto Lecuona. The lives of the three friends were connected professionally; they worked together many times.
Life.
Rita's family and upbringing was middle-class. Her father, Domingo Montaner Pulgarón, was a white pharmacist and her mother, Mercedes Facenda, a mulatta; she herself was short in stature, good-looking with a fine smile, and intelligent. She learned English, Italian and French at religious school, and at 10 attended the Peyrellade Conservatory in Havana. There she studied music: solfege, theory, harmony and piano; at 16 she started on voice lessons.
She was from the start a potential star: her first press notice came in 1912, her first press photograph in 1913, in 1915 she received two bronze medals for piano. In 1917, Montaner played Mendelssohn in her final examination at the Peyrellade Conservatory in Havana; she graduated in piano, song and harmony with a gold medal.
Rita married a lawyer, Dr Alberto Fernández Díaz, in 1918. They had two sons, Rolando and Alberto. The marriage lasted until his death in 1932, and she married again, twice. At the end of her life, when she died of cancer, there were widespread public demonstrations of grief at her funeral. She had embodied the feelings of a turbulent era between Cuban independence and the Castro revolution.
Career.
A talented young woman.
March 1922 saw the launch of Rita's career at a concert of typical Cuban music in Havana, organized by the composer Eduardo Sánchez de Fuentes, a friend of her family: he persuaded her husband to let her appear and sing. From then on, no husband could stop her! She performed twice in May, on piano, then as a singer. in major lyric concerts. In October, she sang on the first radio broadcast in Cuba.
Next year, Montana had a full professional program of work. She sang duos with Eusebio Delfín, and solo, pieces by Alberto Villalón, Ernesto Lecuona, Sánchez de Fuentes and others. She sang a duet from "La Gioconda" by Ponchielli with the soprano Lola de la Torre, and solo on other opera pieces, for example, "Caro nome" from Verdi's "Rigoletto". Alejo Carpentier wrote his first article for "La Discusión" in praise of her voice and vocal technique. Rita's voice had a huge range, from mezzo-soprano (or perhaps soprano in her younger days) to slangy rough black Afro-Cuban numbers (see discussion at Voice classification in non-classical music).
Rita's career continued along similar lines for several years. Her work as a singer and pianist with such maestros as Lecuona, Jorge Anckermann, Delfín, Sánchez de Fuentes and Gonzalo Roig was successful and immensely respectable, as befitted a middle-class married woman of those times. Gradually, however, a change began as she became fully adult. She performed in popular, but slightly vulgar theatre (Zarzuela; bufo); she travelled to other countries; she became a recording star. It became clear that performing in public was the most important thing in her life, and this was hardly compatible with her role as a bourgeois wife and mother. The first signs of change came in 1926, a year which started conventionally enough...
In 1926 Rita sang on stage to Lecuona's piano in his 7th Concert of Cuban music at the Teatro Nacional. On vacation in New York she needed an appendix operation; after recovering she performed at a benefit concert for the blind. Then she auditioned for the Schubert brothers, impresarios, who offered her a contract. Significantly, perhaps, her husband returned to Cuba. She made her debut in the Schubert Follies together with Xavier Cugat at the Apollo Theater. Later she had a great hit with a review entitled "A night in Spain". Back in Havana, she made her debut on stage in zarzuelas in 1927. Playing in "La Niña Rita, o La Habana de 1830" (music by Eliseo Grenet and Lecuona) she sang the Congo-tango "Mamá Inéz". The title role here was played by Caridád Suarez, with Rita in blackface and male drag as El Calesero (the coachman). The second one-act work on the same program was the premiere of Lecuona's "La tierra de Venus", where Rita sang "Canto Siboney", which is still a Latin standard. Her three-octave voice was perfectly suited to creolized lyric music.
Montaner la diva.
From 1927 to 1929 Rita recorded about fifty numbers for Columbia Records, including hits from the revues and zarzuelas she appeared in, such as "Ay, Mama Inés", "Siboney", "Noche azul", "Lamento esclavo", and the first recording of "El manisero". She went to Paris for the first time, performing at the "Olympia" and "Palace" theatres. Still in Paris, she appeared in Josephine Baker's "Revue". Here, according to Gonzalo Roig, she began to change, becoming more bohemian, something of a diva, and generally more competitive and combative. In November 1928 she returned to Havana.
In 1929 Rita travelled to Madrid and Valencia, then to Paris before returning to Cuba in 1930. In 1931 she travelled to Broadway under contract to Al Jolson for his musical "Wonder Bar", which was set in a Paris night-club, for which she was by now more than qualified!
When she was in Cuba, Rita had a regular engagement at the "Edén Concert", a nightclub right in the centre of Havana (Zulueta Street, near the Parque Central). Armando Romeo, later orchestra leader at the Tropicana, gave an interview later in life:
The shooting in the streets was President Gerardo Machado trying to keep control.
In 1933 Rita went to Mexico City, with Bola de Nieve as her accompanist. She put him on the bill under his nickname, without consulting him. "It was the greatest favour she did in my life!" was Snowball's perhaps ambiguous comment. Bola was already of the opinion that she was becoming unbearable. "Rita's shows at the "Teatro Iris" were triumphant, but her mouth got the better of her" (Sublette p390). She mocked Agustín Lara's favourite singer Toña la Negra (María Antonia Peregrino 1910–82), who had been a fan of hers, and the press built up a vendetta between them. Lara announced that she was prohibited from singing his compositions. Montana moved to the Teatro Politeama for a revue. Singing, with Bola on piano, she had a huge success, with people standing on their chairs. Rita had laryngitis at the final concert in her honour, so Bola filled in for a triumph which launched his career.
On 1 April 1933 she married Ernesto Estévez Navarro. He was born in Cárdenas, Cuba, but had been deported to México. They were divorced in 1938.
Montaner next organized a smaller company with Pedro Vargas, whom she injudiciously paid in advance. In El Paso, Texas, Vargas denounced her as an enemy of Mexico, hoping to prevent her return to his country. "Rita tore into him, and told him he was a priests' faggot (and much else!)" Bola said later in life when interviewed about her. Rita, furious, left the company, and Bola found himself looking at a third-class ticket to Mexico City.
The arrival of sound in films had created new opportunities for musicians, and Montaner launched on a new career as a film performer. After a musical number in a 1934 film, she made two films in 1938. Radio, too, was developing as a mass medium which was wide open to musical talent. La Montaner was to make good use of both these opportunities. But by now her temperament was getting out of control. Gonzalo Roig retailed the story of her sacking from the Lecuona show "María la O" at the "Teatro Martí". During a duet with the tenor about the rekindling of betrayed love, she began to tear his clothes off on stage! That was a step too far for the management.
She divorced Ernesto Estéves in 1938, and married in 1939, for the third time, to the advocate Dr Javier Calderón Poveda.
Rita la Chismosa.
In 1941 Rita worked up a sketch of habits and popular criticism, interspersed with songs, which occupied a segment on the CMQ radio program "La suprema corte del arte". She invented the personas of "La Chismosa" (The Gossiper) and "La Marquesa", as a vehicle for an attack on corruption and the happenings of the day. This ascerbic commentary on social and political events had its effect: CMQ pulled the segment a month later!
A year later, RHC-Azul gave her a program "Yo no sé nada" (I don't know anything!) to do the character La Chismosa again, and again the government (Fulgencio Batista's first term) applied pressure to get it taken off the air. Much later, in 1946, she had a third chance. CMQ gave her a program "Mejor que me calle" (Better I shut up! – a line from one of her songs) in which her street character, "Lengualisa", had a side-kick "Mojito" (Alexandro Lugo). When the government (Ramón Grau's second term) tried to bribe her, she talked about it on the program! But, on the day of the first anniversary of the program, her brother (a policeman) was killed in a drive-by shooting. It surprised no-one that the culprits were not found. The program continued until February 1948.
There was, however, a warm side to Rita, in the way she helped people who were in need. The famous Tropicana cabaret opened in Marianao, Havana, at the very end of 1939. The best-known choreographer there was called "Rodney" (Rodrigo Neira). He was a former dancer who had contracted leprosy: he became disfigured, poor and socially isolated. Rita intervened to save him from the leprosarium, supported his family and gave him accommodation in her house. She also helped Chano Pozo before his career took off. She got him a job at the radio company RHC-Cadena Azul as a door-man and bodyguard. There he sang and played conga in his spare time; he was first hired as a musician by the Havana Casino orchestra.
Night clubs.
In 1939 the Tropicana theatre and restaurant (as it was first called) opened its doors in Marianao. After closing temporarily as tourism declined in wartime; the Tropicana re-opened in 1945, as did other night-clubs such as the "Sans Souci", the "Montmatre", and their competition, the "Gran Casino Nacional". In 1946 Rita signed with the Tropicana, with Bola de Nieve as accompanist, to take part in the midnight spectacular. She reigned here as the number one figure for nearly four years: it was the longest-running contract of her career. Mongo Santamaría commented: "This launched the era of the Cuban cabaret super-productions".
More theatre, television.
Rita continued to appear in the theatre whenever her radio show was off the air. In 1955 she had a triumph as 'Madame Flora' in the opera "La Medium" by Menotti, and in 1956 with the comedy "Mi querido Charles". She was a natural actress, and had a television program as soon as the medium was established in Cuba. It was called "Rita y Willy", with Guillermo Alvarez Guedes. In the late 1940s and early 1950s, she starring in numerous Mexican movies of the Rumberas film sub-genre.
Popular musical theatre.
Chronology includes some other critical events as well as stage appearances.
Filmography.
These are the films Rita appeared in as actress or singer-pianist or both.

</doc>
<doc id="19370374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370374" title="Canton of Bois-Guillaume">
Canton of Bois-Guillaume

The Canton of Bois-Guillaume is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming and light industry in the arrondissement of Rouen, centred on the town of Bois-Guillaume. The altitude varies from 52m (Bois-Guillaume) to 172m (Isneauville) with an average altitude of 138m.
Composition.
The Canton of Bois-Guillaume comprises 3 communes and a total of 23,349 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19370382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370382" title="1965–66 Coupe de France">
1965–66 Coupe de France

The Coupe de France's results of the 1965–66 season. RC Strasbourg won the final played on May 22, 1966, beating FC Nantes.

</doc>
<doc id="19370391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370391" title="Ludwig Ortiz">
Ludwig Ortiz

Ludwig Manuel Ortiz Flores (born February 23, 1976) is a male judoka from Venezuela, who twice won the silver medal in the men's half lightweight division (– 66 kg) at the Pan American Games (1999 and 2003). He represented his native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19370400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370400" title="Darryl van der Velde">
Darryl van der Velde

Darryl van der Velde (born 3 October 1950) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer, coach and administrator. He played club football in Queensland for Souths and represented his state on one occasion in 1977. After playing he coached the Brisbane Rugby League premiership's Redcliffe side in 1986 and 1987, taking his club to consecutive grand finals. He was then replaced by Graham Olling.
Van de Velde was part of an unsuccessful syndicate to form the first New South Wales Rugby League premiership club in Queensland. He then embarked on a coaching career in England with Castleford in 1988, taking them to the 1991–92 Rugby Football League season's Challenge Cup final before leaving in 1993. He moved to coach London Crusaders in 1993. Van de Velde then became the Chief Executive Officer of the new South Queensland Crushers club of the ARL premership. He later coached Huddersfield and then joined Warrington Wolves in March 1997, spending five years at the club, but he failed to win a trophy before leaving in 2001. He has since returned to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19370441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370441" title="George Graves">
George Graves

George Graves (1784–1839) was the author of a comprehensive instruction guidebook for beginners in natural history at a time when there was a growing interest in collecting animal, plant and geological specimens. 
The naturalist's pocket-book.
His "The naturalist's pocket-book, or Tourist's companion : being a brief introduction to the different branches of natural history : with approved methods for collecting and preserving the various productions of nature" was published in London, printed for Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orme and Brown in 1818. Written in the tradition of Francis Bacon, it expressed the belief that natural history was about the exploration of nature's bounty for the benefits it could bring to humans:
The book included sample pages showing the layout which Graves used in his own field notebook, with columns for recording important facts about these points as each item was observed. This encouraged collectors to keep a field notebook recording the information needed for accurate labelling and a formal description of the object. Excerpts from these field notebooks were often included in published descriptions. 
Influence on Darwin.
In August 1825 the young Charles Darwin bought a copy of "A Naturalist's Companion" by Graves in anticipation of seaside walks with his older brother Erasmus Alvey Darwin once he went up to Edinburgh in October of that year to begin his undergraduate studies at the University of Edinburgh. The brothers went for regular Sunday walks on the shores of the Firth of Forth and Darwin kept a diary recording their finds, which included a sea mouse and a cuttlefish. In his second year Charles became active in student societies for naturalists, and joined with others interested in collecting on the shores of the firth.
External links.
The Naturalist's Pocket Book online

</doc>
<doc id="19370444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370444" title="Kivimetsän Druidi">
Kivimetsän Druidi

Kivimetsän Druidi is a metal band from Kouvola, Finland. 'Kivimetsän Druidi' is Finnish for "druid of the stone forest".
Band history.
Their lyrics are based on the fantasy novel Joni Koskinen's writing. The novel tells a story from The Land of the Crystal Mountain and Stone Forest.
'KmD' originally started as a two man project by the Koskinen brothers. Joni Koskinen's biggest influence has been Moonsorrow. Yet each band member has their own personal influences. 
<br>After releasing numerous demos and EPs, Kivimetsän Druidi finally signed a record deal with Century Media in 2008. The debut album titled "Shadowheart" was released in October 2008, all the EPs and Demos were self-released.

</doc>
<doc id="19370450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370450" title="Lee Hodgson">
Lee Hodgson

Lee John Hodgson (born 29 June 1986, Middlesbrough, North Yorkshire, England) is an English first-class cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Yorkshire, having previously appeared for Surrey.
Hodgson began his cricketing career playing in the Cockspur Cup for Saltburn C.C. - playing one match in the 2004 competition, and one the following year. Hodgson started his Second XI career for MCC Young Cricketers in 2006, continuing to play for them in 2007.
Hodgson's one day career began in August 2008, making his Pro40 debut against Warwickshire. While he did not bat in the game, he bowled four overs, without capturing a wicket. Hodgson picked up his debut first-class appearance for Surrey against Nottinghamshire in September 2008. He appeared in three first-class matches for Yorkshire between 2009 and 2011.
In September 2011, Yorkshire CCC announced that Hodgson was being released by the county.

</doc>
<doc id="19370457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370457" title="1963–64 Coupe de France">
1963–64 Coupe de France

The Coupe de France's results of the 1963–64 season. Olympique Lyonnais won the final played on May 10, 1964, beating Girondins de Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="19370462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370462" title="Posidonia coriacea">
Posidonia coriacea

Posidonia coriacea is a species of seagrass that occurs in the southern waters of Australia. 
Description.
A species of "Posidonia". A perennial rhizomatous herb that appears as stands in marine habitat. This species is found at depths from 1 to 30 metres on white sands, in areas subject to intense wave action. The leaf blades are 2.5 to 7 millimetres wide, and 1.25 metres long. Two or three leaves, with large bases, appear from each shoot. They are leathery and thickened convexly on the upper and lower surfaces. Between 7 and 11 veins appear on each leaf. The leaf sheath breaks into strips, rather than the fibrous detritus of similar species. The flowering period is primarily during the months of August and September.
Distribution.
"Posidonia coriacea" is recorded at Shark Bay, Western Australia, around coasts of Southwest Australia, and across the Bight to South Australia. 
Taxonomy.
This species is contained by the "Posidoniaceae" family, one of eight occurring in southern Australia. The ninth member, "Posidonia oceanica", is found in the mediterranean sea. Several related species within "Posidonia" are described as the "Posidonia ostenfeldii" complex.

</doc>
<doc id="19370470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370470" title="1991 ABC Championship">
1991 ABC Championship

The 1991 Men's Asian Basketball Confederation Championship was held in Kobe, Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19370477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370477" title="Canton of Boos">
Canton of Boos

The Canton of Boos is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming and light industry in the arrondissement of Rouen, centred on the town of Boos. The altitude varies from 2m (Les Authieux-sur-le-Port-Saint-Ouen) to 162m (Le Mesnil-Esnard) with an average altitude of 142m.
Composition.
The Canton of Boos comprises 15 communes and a total of 35,567 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19370485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370485" title="John Smith (1930s footballer)">
John Smith (1930s footballer)

John Smith was a professional footballer. He began his career with Exeter City in 1935 but failed to break into the club's first team and moved to non-league club Maidstone United. In May 1937 he joined another Kent-based club, Gillingham, and played 14 times in the Football League during the 1937–38 season. Gillingham left the Football League at the end of his first season with the club, but Smith remained with the club for a further season, playing in the Southern League until the outbreak of the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="19370493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370493" title="Flor Velázquez">
Flor Velázquez

Flor Angela Velázquez Artahona (born May 2, 1984) is a female judoka from Venezuela, who won the bronze medal in the women's half lightweight division (– 52 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. She represented her native country in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19370494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370494" title="Linus Airways">
Linus Airways

Linus Airways was a regional airline in Indonesia. It served large city destinations, such as Pekanbaru, Medan, Semarang, Palembang, Batam and Bandung. The airline name is an abbreviation of "Lintasan Nusantara" ("bridge across the archipelago").
The airline was on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union. Linus Airways is not listed in any category by Indonesian Civil Aviation Authority for airline safety quality, because this airline is not operating.
As of 27 April 2009, the airline has decided to suspend all its operations [http://www.tempointeractive.com/hg/nasional/2009/05/06/brk,20090506-174862,uk.html], because it didn't have airplanes.
Fleet.
As of 2008, Linus Airways operates the following aircraft:

</doc>
<doc id="19370509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370509" title="Canton of Buchy">
Canton of Buchy

The Canton of Buchy is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
A farming area in the arrondissement of Rouen, centred on the town of Buchy. The altitude varies from 80m (Saint-Aignan-sur-Ry) to 236m (Bosc-Bordel) with an average altitude of 168m.
Composition.
The Canton of Buchy comprises 21 communes and a total of 9,228 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19370517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370517" title="Shadowheart (album)">
Shadowheart (album)

Shadowheart is the debut album by Finnish symphonic/folk metal band Kivimetsän Druidi. It was released through Century Media on October 20, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19370523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370523" title="British Furniture Confederation">
British Furniture Confederation

The British Furniture Confederation (BFC) is a lobby group that represents the furniture and bed making industries of the United Kingdom. It ensures that the views of its members are heard by Parliamentarians and government Ministers and is active in Westminster working on behalf of the industry.
Structure.
The BFC was founded in 2006 under the chairmanship of Martin Jourdan. It brought together an alliance of trade associations and unions to speak with a single voice to government. The BFC’s founder members included the British Contract Furnishers Association/ Office Furniture Manufacturers Association (BCFA/OFFMA), British Furniture Manufacturers (BFM), ProSkills, the Furniture Industry Research Association (FIRA), the National Bed Federation (NBF), the Worshipful Company of Furniture Makers (WCFM), the Association of Master Upholsterers & Soft Furnishers (AMUSF), and the General & Municipal Boilermakers Union.
After restructuring in the summer of 2008 its slimmed down Executive Board became responsible for the daily decision making of the group. The Board now consists of Chairman Martin Jourdan, Jessica Alexander (NBF), Roger Mason (BFM), Hayden Davies (FIRA) and Peter Smith (BCFA). The BFC’s Company Secretary is Pete Beele (FIRA). 
The Executive meets in London every two months to discuss issues of concern facing the industry. Along with consultants from public affairs firm PoliticsDirect they plan the BFC’s response to government announcements, initiatives and legislation, as well as general political issues affecting the industry.
Issues of interest.
The BFC seeks to lobby the government on a number of issues affecting the furniture industry. It has met with Government Ministers, their relevant Shadows and Members of Parliament from across the political spectrum to lobby on a wide range of issues, such as access to European Union Funding, procurement of furniture, skills provision, and business support for the UK furniture industry.
All Party Parliamentary Furniture Group.
The BFC is a prominent member of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Furniture, an association of MPs, Lords and industry representatives who seek to promote the sector within Westminster. The Furniture Group is chaired by Madeleine Moon MP (Bridgend) and meets on a twice monthly basis in the House of Commons when Parliament is sitting. 
The group questions senior politicians on policy related to the industry, such as the Rt Hon Angela Eagle MP (Financial Secretary at HM Treasury); the Rt Hon Stephen Timms MP (Minister of State at the Department for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform); and key stakeholders, such as Ian Harrison from the East Midlands Regional Development Authority. In June 2008 the Group hosted a reception and exhibition in the House of Commons to display and celebrate the work of the UK furniture industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19370528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370528" title="Dorlene Love">
Dorlene Love

Dorlene Love is a Swedish punk band based in Stockholm. They are known for their music which is a mix of punk and different kinds of folk music from East Europe, the Middle East and North Africa. Dorlene Love started out as a punk band but after having played a lot on the streets, the folk music influences increased. Sometimes they are categorized in the gypsy punk genre. 
Their debut album was released in April 2008 on the Swedish punk label Birdnest Records.
In March 2011 the band was renamed to Crash Nomada.

</doc>
<doc id="19370530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370530" title="Sandy Glen">
Sandy Glen

Sir Alexander "Sandy" Richard Glen KBE DSC (18 April 1912 – 6 March 2004) was a Scottish explorer of the Arctic, and wartime intelligence officer. He later invested in the shipping industry, pioneered package holidays, and became chairman of the British Tourist Authority.
He was appointed CBE in 1964 and KBE in 1967.
Early life.
Born in Glasgow, Glen was the son of a Glasgow shipowner and educated at Fettes College and Balliol College, Oxford.
Arctic exploration.
He first travelled to the Arctic as crew on a fishing boat owned by a Cambridge law don, and spent two months surveying in the mountains.
The next year, he led his own a 16-man Oxford University summer expedition, in the winter spent some months with the Lapps of northern Sweden, then in the following summer, returned to Spitsbergen for a few weeks.
In 1935 the 23-year-old Glen led an Oxford University expedition which established a station on the ice cap of North East Land and carried out research in glaciology, geology and radio propagation in high latitudes, He wrote "Under the Pole Star" in 1937.
War service.
In January 1940 Glen was posted to Belgrade as assistant naval attache at the British legation, but when in March, 1941 the 17-year old Peter II of Yugoslavia participated in a British-supported coup d'état opposing the Tripartite Pact German retribution was swift, and Belgrade was bombed within three days. The British legation left and made their way home via Albania, Italy, unoccupied France and Spain.
He later served with distinction in dangerous clandestine operations in Yugoslavia in support of Josip Broz Tito; and in Albania and Bulgaria.
Glen was awarded the DSC - and later a bar - the Norwegian War Cross, the Czechoslovak War Cross and was appointed a Knight of St Olav.
He knew Ian Fleming and is often given as one of the inspirations for James Bond.
Travel industry.
He joined a syndicate to buy shipbrokers H Clarkson & Co, a subsidiary of which later became a pioneer of package holidays - Clarksons Holidays. The holiday division was sold in 1972 to Court Line, a shipping company and charter airline, which collapsed in August 1974.
Glen was a director of British European Airways and chairman of the British Tourist Authority from 1969 to 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19370533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370533" title="Functional airspace block">
Functional airspace block

Functional airspace block (FAB) is defined in the SES-2 legislative package, as follows:
A FAB means an airspace block based on operational requirements and established regardless of State boundaries, where the provision of air navigation services and related functions are performance-driven and optimized with a view to introducing, in each functional airspace block, enhanced cooperation among air navigation service providers or, where appropriate, an integrated provider. 
In the context of the Single European Sky (SES) regulations of the European Union and in particular in accordance with Article 8 of the Framework Regulation, the European Commission has issued a mandate to the Eurocontrol Agency for support in the establishment of Functional Airspace Blocks (FABs).
As of 20 April 2012, nine FAB initiatives have been declared to the European Commission:
The SES-II regulation requires all EU members to be part of a FAB by 2012.
Current status as published by EC.

</doc>
<doc id="19370538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370538" title="Canton of Caudebec-en-Caux">
Canton of Caudebec-en-Caux

The Canton of Caudebec-en-Caux is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming, forestry and light industry in the arrondissement of Rouen, centred on the small town of Caudebec-en-Caux. The altitude varies from 0m (Heurteauville) to 154m (Saint-Aubin-de-Crétot) with an average altitude of 43m.
Composition.
The Canton of Caudebec-en-Caux comprises 16 communes and a total of 13,048 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19370542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370542" title="Standard normal deviate">
Standard normal deviate

A standard normal deviate (or standard normal variable) is a normally distributed random variable with expected value 0 and variance 1. A fuller term is standard normal random variable. Where collections of such random variables are used, there is often an associated (possibly unstated) assumption that members of such collections are statistically independent.
Standard normal variables play a major role in theoretical statistics in the description of many types of model, particularly in regression analysis, the analysis of variance and time series analysis.
When the term "deviate" is used, rather than "variable", there is a connotation that the value concerned is treated as the no-longer-random outcome of a standard norm random variable. The terminology here is the same as that for random variable and random variate. Standard normal deviates arise in practical statistics in two ways.

</doc>
<doc id="19370552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370552" title="Rudymar Fleming">
Rudymar Fleming

Rudymar Fleming Pernil (born October 26, 1980) is a female judoka from Venezuela, who won the silver medal in the women's lightweight division (– 57 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. She represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19370562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370562" title="IOTA (entertainer)">
IOTA (entertainer)

Sean Hape (born 1968 or 1969) , better known as iOTA, is an ARIA-nominated Australian musician  and a Helpmann Award winning actor.
Personal life.
iOTA has stated that his parents met in New Zealand; his father is Māori and his mother English. He grew up in Pinjarra, Western Australia, where his father worked at an aluminium smelter.
At high school, iOTA took drama and music as electives, so he could "slack off for two hours"; he formed his first band, which was short-lived, at the age of 16.
iOTA moved out of home at age 17, into a caravan and lived for several years on the dole, while playing with a hard rock band called Loose Goose. He worked as a mechanic's apprentice before his career as an entertainer took off.
Loose Goose moved to Sydney, when iOTA was 23.
iOTA changed his name by deed poll when he was 26. iOTA has cited three reasons for this: wanting to begin a new identity as an entertainer, being openly gay, and being a recovering alcoholic.
Music.
Iota's first album "The Hip Bone Connection" was released in 1999. This album was Iota labeled as an acoustic/blues/roots musician, a label he does not like. His second, "Big Grandfather", was considered less accessible, more atmospheric and was not as successful as his first. His third, "La Caravana", "is about the nomadic life of a musician". His fourth and most recent is "Beauty Queen of the Sea" and uses a full electric band, moving towards rock and away from his previous roots label.
Acting.
As an actor Iota has performed on stage as an angel in Sydney Dance Company's "Berlin", as Frank-N-Furter in "The Rocky Horror Show" and as Hedwig in "Hedwig and the Angry Inch". His acting has won him a Helpmann Award as the Best Male Actor In A Musical, beating Hugh Jackman. 
He has been cast in George Miller's upcoming film "" (the fourth in the "Mad Max" series). He has said he learned to act by necessity: "In the country, poofters are there to be bashed, or ridiculed. So I put on a mask, and became tough and rowdy: the long hair, the slouching, the spitting, lots of drinking piss."

</doc>
<doc id="19370567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370567" title="Ahelaid">
Ahelaid

Ahelaid is a small uninhabited islet in Estonia. It lies in the Baltic Sea, south-east of Hiiumaa island. It has a surface area of 25 hectares . It is part of the Hiiumaa Islets Landscape Reserve. 
Ahelaid lies 10.5 km from the Sarve peninsula on Hiiumaa, 14 km from the Salinõmme peninsula on Hiiumaa and 6.5 km from Tammiski nukk on Muhu. Although it is closer to Muhu than to Hiiumaa, it is administered as part of Hiiu County. Near the island are some smaller islets: to the north, stony Aherahu; to the west Ankrurahu, which has some vegetation; to the east Luigerahu and to the northeast a few stone piles barely above the sea level called Kajakarahud. 
The average height of the islet is below 2 meters and the highest point is 4.6 meters. 
There are 45 bird species nesting on the islet annually, including Sedge Warbler ("Acrocephalus schoenobaenus"), Arctic Tern ("Sterna paradisaea") and Whitethroat ("Sylvia communis"). Altogether 60 species of birds have been recorded.
The islet is also known as Hakilaid, probably from the Common Eider ("Somateria mollissima") (). 
There has been no habitation on the islet. People from both Muhu and Hiiumaa have gathered hay there in summer as until the end of the 19th century there was a shortage of land for hay. The islet may also have been used as pasture. There has been a fishermen's hut on the islet.

</doc>
<doc id="19370575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370575" title="Keivi Pinto">
Keivi Pinto

Keivi Mayerlin Pinto (born December 26, 1979) is a female judoka from Venezuela, who won the bronze medal in the women's half heavyweight division (– 78 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. 
Career.
She represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. Pinto won the bronze medal of the under 78 kg division of the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19370594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370594" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Screenplay Award">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Screenplay Award

Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19370597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370597" title="Canton of Caudebec-lès-Elbeuf">
Canton of Caudebec-lès-Elbeuf

The Canton of Caudebec-lès-Elbeuf is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
The area is noted for motorcar manufacturing, farming, forestry and light industry in the arrondissement of Rouen, centred on the town of Caudebec-lès-Elbeuf. 
Composition.
The Canton of Caudebec-lès-Elbeuf comprises six communes and a total of 28,171 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19370611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370611" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Cinematographer Award">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Cinematographer Award

Here is a list of the award winners Cinematographer and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19370613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370613" title="Giovanna Blanco">
Giovanna Blanco

Giovanna José Blanco Bazon (born December 18, 1982) is a female judoka from Venezuela, who won the silver medal in the women's heavyweight division (+ 78 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. 
Career.
Blanco won the silver medal at the 2003 Pan American Games, and represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
She won the gold medal in the open category, silver in over 78 kg and bronze in the team competition of the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics she lost to Japanese Mika Sugimoto after only 51 seconds in the second round of the +78 kg category.

</doc>
<doc id="19370634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370634" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Editor Award">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Editor Award

Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19370639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370639" title="Ezekiel Ox">
Ezekiel Ox

Ezekiel Ox (born Alan James Davies, Colac, Victoria) is an Australian entertainer, singer/songwriter, film maker, actor and political activist. He is currently the singer for The Nerve as well as Full Scale Deflection, Smash Nova (with Forrester Savell and Eddie Perfect) and Over-Reactor. He was previously the singer of Mammal. He was a founding member of the committee for Musicians Against Police Violence (MAPV) in Melbourne. He runs "Fish and Chip Studios", a mobile production house that focuses on limited post production and strong artistic performances. He also performs infrequent spoken word shows, and has authored one self-published book "The Pub". He has been signed by Columbia Records (Worldwide) and Shock Records (Australia). In November 2011, he signed with Cross-Section Management (Ted Gardner and Scott Mesiti). He was fully independent from record labels from November 1, 2009 until May 2013, when The Nerve signed with Sydney's Birds Robe Collective. He was the subject of David Krebelj's documentary "Colour, Light, Movement, Sound", which followed his career in Full Scale-Band, has directed many of his own film clips, as well as directing the short "The Boy" (with David Krebelj) and acting in feature films (Blockhouse Blues And The Elmore Beast, The Real Thing).
Background.
Born as Alan James Davies in Colac, he relocated to Geelong at age six. In 1994 he was involved in the campaign to stop the One Nation party forming in Geelong, and also marched for teachers' conditions, and in the Reclaim the Night Rallies held in his teenage years. He has a background in opera and musical theatre and studied for three years at Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts in its musical theatre course. He starting performing at the age of twelve, "because I wanted to". Ezekiel has one child, a son, Griffin John Lee Ox.
Full Scale.
Ox was the lead singer for Full Scale. Starting out as Full Scale Deflection in 1998 in Perth, Western Australia, Full Scale was an alternative-metal band and relocated to Melbourne in 2001, then they were based in Los Angeles, America from late 2003. After a series of EPs they released their full length debut, "Full Scale", in March 2005 and broke up a year later. Ox re-formed Full Scale under the name Full Scale Revolution in December 2009 with Crutey, Tristan Ross and Ben Brennan, who had all played with Full Scale at different times, but not together. He has recently entered conversations with Jimmy Tee, Forrester Savell and Chris Frey about reforming Full Scale Deflection.
Mammal.
Mammal were an Australian band formed in Melbourne in March 2006. Known for their live shows they had released two EPs, a live album "" and a studio album "The Majority". They also recorded a second live album at Sydney's Annandale hotel which was released in September 2009 along with a DVD, and featured Xani Kolac (whom Ox has worked with Over-Reactor and The Ox And The Fury as well) on Violin, and Eddie Perfect of Vocals. Mammal enjoyed a massive underground following in Australia and the UK, and broke up on November 1, 2009.
Solo.
In 2003 Ox released an EP called "Winter in Suburbia". It featured seven tracks, most were Ox on acoustic guitar with some backing vocals and occasional percussion. One track, "The Bottle", featured Clint Boge (The Butterfly Effect) on lead vocals, with Ox providing backing vocals and guitar. The songs' lyrics showed a more introspective persona for Ox, probably due to the divorce he was going through when he recorded it, (though a few did feature politically/socially inspired lyrics). He occasionally does live solo performances, at which he performs a cover of Bob Dylan's "Masters of War", as well as songs also performed by him and The Fury. He is currently recording an new solo album "Peace, Love, Music" in Melbourne.
The Ox and the Fury.
Ox is the singer/songwriter and guitarist for The Ox and the Fury. Other members are Ben Brennan, Domonic Italiano and Lucius Borich (COG). They have released an album, "Guitars Die in Hot Cars", and on 11 June 2009, a video for one of their original songs, "We'll Never Know" appeared on YouTube. Recently the band has been working on a new album every Tuesday night at Dom Italiano's house. The album is titled "Peace, Love, Music", and features songs about his Father, John Davies' death in Jan 2011 (Don't Let It Grow), as well as his love for his son (A Future Lived). In November 2012, Ox put the band on "indefinite hiatus", making an announcement at the Espy Front Bar, whilst playing songs from the new album, "Peace, Love, Music".
Over-Reactor.
Over-Reactor is a band made up of two members, Ezekiel Ox and Cory Blight. They have released two full length albums, which they recorded, mixed, and mastered in their studio, with Blight acting as multi-instrumentalist, and Ox on Vocals. The band also produce and direct their own film clips, and have made films for the tracks "Mouth Of The Ghetto", "The Throne", "Best Of Worst", "Point To Push" and "When Collingwood Choke". They have been made available to download for free, in keeping with the bands DIY and fan based model. Since forming in January 2010, they have toured with Cog, Poetikool Justice, Front End Loader and Piggy, as well as playing headline shows in QLD, VIC, TAS, NSW, SA and ACT since 2010. They have received radio play on satellite radio in the UK, and on PBS, Bondi FM and various other community radio stations around Australia. In June 2011 they toured with Perth band Karnivool on a 22 date Australian tour. In June 2012 the band released "Mouth Of The Ghetto" in their St Kilda studio. After playing Festival Of The Sun in Port Macquarie in that year, Cory and Ezekiel went into a break, and in May 2013 began work on new songs for their as yet untitled third album.
Live Performances.
Ox is known as a confrontational, lithe and uncompromising performer. He performs at major music festivals, in professional theatre, as a voice over artist and in feature films.
Ox performed at the Laundry in Fitzroy, Melbourne, he was without a tuner. During this performance Ox performed the spiritual song "Amazing Grace", "Masters of War" as well as songs from The Ox and The Fury solo. This polarizing and stand-out performance spawned a forum thread on "Melbands". Comments on the thread range from support for Ox, to outright attacks on his character.
Other work.
He performed a series of spoken word shows called "RANT!" in 2006 and then "BLOWTORCH" in 2012. He has appeared in plays and musicals such as "Tartuffe", "Mamma Mia!" and "". Ox was formerly a member of both the Australian Labor Party and Socialist Alternative.

</doc>
<doc id="19370646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370646" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Music Director Award">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Music Director Award

Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19370652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370652" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Lyricist Award">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Lyricist Award

Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19370659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370659" title="Web-oriented architecture">
Web-oriented architecture

Web-oriented architecture (WOA) is a style of software architecture that extends service-oriented architecture (SOA) to web-based applications, and is sometimes considered to be a light-weight version of SOA. WOA is also aimed at maximizing the browser and server interactions by use of technologies such as REST and POX.
The axioms of web architecture describe the basic building blocks of the Web (URIs) and how they can be combined into a wider system.

</doc>
<doc id="19370663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370663" title="U Andromedae">
U Andromedae

U Andromedae is a variable star in the constellation of Andromeda. It is classified as a Mira variable, and varies from an apparent visual magnitude of 8.9 at maximum brightness to a magnitude of 15.0 at minimum brightness, with a period of approximately 347 days. It was first observed to be variable by Thomas D. Anderson during 1894 and 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="19370664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370664" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Male Playback Award">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Male Playback Award

Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19370673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370673" title="Mantissa (band)">
Mantissa (band)

Mantissa were an Australian hard rock band which formed as Killing Time in 1989. Killing Time included Nina Grant on bass guitar and vocals, Chris Paine on guitar, and Adam Pringle on lead vocals. In February 1991 they issued an extended play, "Ruby's Mind", which reached the Top 100 on the ARIA Singles Chart. Their "Dream Alone" (March 1992) extended play, peaked in the Top 30. Killing Time supported national tours by Jane's Addiction, Mudhoney, Scatterbrain and Baby Animals. In August 1992 Killing Time changed their name to Mantissa and followed with their debut album, "Mossy God", in October on Red Eye Records / Polydor Records, which appeared in the Top 50 ARIA Albums Chart. Their second album, "Thirst", appeared in August 1995 and the group disbanded in 1996.
History.
Mantissa had formed in 1989 as Killing Time in Melbourne with Nina Grant (ex-Good and Evil) on bass guitar and vocals; Chris Paine (Utter Stench) on guitar; Adam Pringle (Compressed Heads) on lead vocals; and Arnie Prazz on drums. By year's end Prazz was successively replaced by Russell Hopkinson and Tubby Wadsworth (aka Alex Nikolzew). Initially the group performed "Stooges-style grunge". In June 1990 Jed Starr (aka Darren McCormack) joined on lead guitar and the band used a "more adventurous contemporary hard rock stance". The group gained a "fanatical live following" and after a bidding war were signed to Red Eye Records. Their first extended play, "Ruby's Mind", appeared in February 1991 and reached No. 76 on the ARIA Singles Chart. According to Australian rock music historian, Ian McFarlane, "ith its crunching guitar riffs and funkified bass lines, the anthemic 'Ruby's Mind' launched Killing Time as a band with enormous potential and crossover appeal". At the end of 1991 Wadsworth was sacked and eventually replaced by Syd Green (ex-Scoundrel). One of the intervening drummers, Hopkinson, was later a member of You Am I. In February 1992 another EP, "Dream Alone", was released which peaked at No. 23 on the ARIA Singles Chart. Soon after Starr left and was replaced by Chris Collins (ex-Greg Brady Overdrive). Killing Time supported national tours by Jane's Addiction, Mudhoney, Scatterbrain and Baby Animals.
In August 1992 Killing Time changed their name to Mantissa due to American and Japanese bands of that name. The new name was chosen from the 1982 John Fowles novel, "Mantissa". In October 1992 they issued their debut album, "Mossy God", (produced by Mantissa and Terry Date), on Red Eye Records / Polydor Records, which reached No. 47. McFarlane noted "The album mixed grinding, heavy riffs, Grant's rumbling bass lines and Pringle's dramatic vocals with a mystical feel and all manner of psychedelic touches". The two singles from the album, "Mary Mary" (November) and "Land of the Living" (March 1993), peaked at No. 55 and No. 60 respectively. Mantissa supported Red Hot Chili Peppers' national tour followed by their own national tours to promote their releases. In 1993 Mantissa spent nine months touring the US to promote the American release of "Mossy God", including a support for Mindfunk. Mantissa returned to Australia by 1994 and opened for Pantera in November, they played at the January 1995 Big Day Out festival then released another EP, "Inter Alia", that month. In August that year they released their second album, "Thirst" (produced by Mantissa and Michael Letho), which did not chart. After one last national tour Mantissa broke up in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19370676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370676" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Female Playback Award">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Female Playback Award

Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19370688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370688" title="Mur Valley Railway">
Mur Valley Railway

The Mur Valley Railway () is a narrow-gauge railway which runs along the valley of the River Mur from the market town of Unzmarkt through Murau to Tamsweg in the Austrian state of Styria although Tamsweg is just inside the federal state of Salzburg. The railway is operated by "Steiermärkische Landesbahnen" (a railway operator owned by the Bundesland Styria) and, at 65 kilometres, is the second longest narrow-gauge railway in Austria.
History.
The railway line between Unzmarkt and Mauterndorf was opened in October 1894.
In March 1973 the public passenger traffic was stopped on the section between Tamsweg and Mauterndorf. This section is operated today by Club 760 under the name Taurachbahn as a museum railway.
Special steam trains and amateur locomotive trips still operate over the route.
Operation.
Five diesel-electric railcars, introduced in 1981, are used to operate a service every two hours over the Mur Valley Railway. In the summer months the STLB operates weekend steam-hauled services between Murau, where the main workshop are, and Tamsweg.
Goods trains still operate on the railway, with trains hauled by diesel locomotives VL 14 and 15, built in 1966. Timber and petroleum tankers are the major goods transported.
The STLB invested in the railway, and the infrastructure is maintained to the standard of standard gauge mainline routes. There are good positions for photography by railway enthusiasts along the whole route, particularly in the valley between Madling and Tamsweg.
Museum.
A museum is maintained in the locomotive shed at Frojach Katschtal station by Club 760.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="19370690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370690" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Make Up Man Award">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Make Up Man Award

Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19370708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370708" title="Edmund Ayrton">
Edmund Ayrton

Edmund Ayrton (1734 – 22 May 1808) was an English organist who was Master of the Children of the Chapel Royal.
Life.
Ayrton was born at Ripon and baptised on 19 November 1734. His father was Edward Ayrton (1698-1774), a 'barber chirurgion,' who became an alderman in Ripon on 14 August 1758, and mayor in 1760. Edward Ayrton's eldest son, William (baptised 18 November 1726), was organist of Ripon Minster from 7 June 1748 until his death on 2 February 1799. By his wife Catherine (who died at Chester on 19 September 1819) he had two sons, both of whom were organists of Ripon Minster. The elder of these, William Francis Morel, was born in 1778, and succeeded to his father's post on 25 June 1799. Soon after he moved to Chester, where he died on 8 November 1850. His brother, Thomas, was born in 1782, and was organist of Ripon Minster for nearly twenty years before his death on 24 October 1822. Edmund Ayrton, the second son of Edward Ayrton, the barber-surgeon, was originally destined for the church but, displaying considerable musical talent, was placed under Dr. James Nares, the organist of York Minster. He succeeded Samuel Wise as organist, auditor, and rector chori of Southwell Minster in 1755. Here he married, on 20 September 1762, Ann, the daughter of Benjamin Clay, by whom he had fourteen children, several of whom died in infancy. Dr. Ayrton's wife died on 14 May 1800.
Ayrton died on 22 May 1808, at 24 James Street, Buckingham Gate, Westminster. He had managed to rent a large house with a garden of three acres for a low rent because others believed it to be haunted. He was buried in the west cloisters of Westminster Abbey on 28 May. His sister married Nicholas Thomas Dall, the Danish painter.
Career.
Ayrton became a member of the Royal Society of Musicians on 2 June 1765 (Records of Roy. Soc. of Musicians). In 1764 he was appointed a gentleman of the Chapel Royal, and soon after became a vicar choral of St. Paul's Cathedral, and a lay vicar of Westminster Abbey. He succeeded Nares as master of the children of the Chapel Royal in 1780. Ayrton took the degree of Mus. Doc. at Cambridge in 1784, on which occasion the anthem he wrote as an exercise was performed in the church of Great St. Mary's, and afterwards in London at the peace thanksgiving at St. Paul's on 29 July 1784. The Oxford degree of Mus. Doc. ("ad eundem") was conferred upon him in 1788. He resigned the mastership of the children in 1805.
He was: 

</doc>
<doc id="19370715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370715" title="Thomas Spofforth">
Thomas Spofforth

Thomas Spofforth, born 1743 and died on 16 May 1826, was an English Organist.
Life.
One of his pupils was his nephew, Samuel Spofforth who later became organist of Peterborough Cathedral and Lichfield Cathedral. 
On 11 November 1804 he opened the new organ by George Pike England in the Church of St. Mary Magdalene, Newark-on-Trent.
He was granted a pension from the minster in 1818 of £25 per annum. He died at Southwell in 1826 and is buried in the south transept of Southwell Minster.
Career.
He was organist of Southwell Minster 1764 - 1818

</doc>
<doc id="19370717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370717" title="Chappell Batchelor">
Chappell Batchelor

Chappell Batchelor (1 July 1822 – 11 January 1884) was an English organist and county cricketer.
Life.
He was born in Southwell in 1822 to John Batchelor and Ann and was a chorister in the cathedral choir from 1830. He was King's Scholar at the Royal Academy of Music from 1838. 
After his resignation from Southwell Minster in 1857 he moved to Belper and then to Derby. He died at 123 New Uttoxeter Road, Derby, on 11 January 1884.
Cricket.
He played for Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club from 1845 to 1858. He was a more than average batsman and in 1847 hit 93 for the County Club v Rugby. He played in three first-class Notts matches, the first being v Kent at Canterbury in 1845 and the final one v Surrey at The Oval in 1858.
Musical career.
He was organist of Southwell Minster 1841 - 1857

</doc>
<doc id="19370720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370720" title="Albrecht von Kalckstein">
Albrecht von Kalckstein

Albrecht von Kalckstein (4 November 1592 – 26 May 1667) was a Prussian count, Lieutenant General and opponent of Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg.
Kalckstein was born in Königsberg to Jakob von Kalckstein, laird of Wogau and Graventhien near Pr. Eylau in East Prussia, and Margarete von der Gröben. He became an officer of the Electorate of Saxony and in Polish service, promoted to Rittmeister in 1625 and Lieutenant Colonel in 1631. Throughout the Thirty Years' War he was promoted to a Lieutenant General of Saxony in 1644. He returned to his families manor in East Prussia and became a leading figure of the Prussian estates opponents of Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg. Kalckstein was arrested in 1661 by Frederick William but pardoned short after. He died at his manor house in Knauten and was buried at his families advowson church of Mühlhausen.
Kalckstein was the father of Christian Ludwig von Kalckstein, who perpetuated the opposition against Frederick William.
References.
Horst Schulz, "Der Kreis Pr. Eylau", Verden/Aller 1983, p. 765

</doc>
<doc id="19370726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370726" title="Frederick Gunton">
Frederick Gunton

Frederick Gunton, born 1813 in Norwich, and died 1888 in Chester, was an English Organist.
Life.
He was the son of Thomas Gunton and Mary and he studied organ under Alfred Pettet at St Peter Mancroft in Norwich. 
He is buried in Upton churchyard.
Career.
He was :

</doc>
<doc id="19370741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370741" title="Slavcho Toshev">
Slavcho Toshev

Slavcho Toshev () (born 27 August 1980) is a football goalkeeper from Bulgaria. His height is 1,95m and his weight is 90 kg.
Career.
Born in Sofia Toshev started to play in local team Septemvri. In June 1998 he signed first professional contract with Septemvri. Toshev made his official debut in Bulgarian first division on 18-years old in a match against CSKA Sofia on 16 October 1998. He substituted Plamen Nikolov in first half and played for 60 minutes. The result of the match was a 1:3 loss for Septemvri. In 2000 Toshev signed a four-year contract with Slavia Sofia, but for three years did not play in official matches. He was a reserve of Viktor Georgiev, Evghen Nemodruk and Jane Nikolovski. Toshev made his official debut for Slavia in a match against Lokomotiv Sofia on 19 April 2003. He substituted Jane Nikolovski in second half and played for 40 minutes. Following an injury at the start of the 2003-04 season, Slavcho found himself benched as a result of substitute Armen Ambartsumyan's good performances, and only played four matches for his team that year. In season 2004-05 Toshev is a first choice of the coach and played 23 matches. As his contract with Slavia expired in June 2006, he made a move to provincial club Vihren Sandanski. From 2007 played for Botev Plovdiv.

</doc>
<doc id="19370745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370745" title="Ame ga Furu">
Ame ga Furu


</doc>
<doc id="19370746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370746" title="Proto-Indo-European accent">
Proto-Indo-European accent

Proto-Indo-European accent refers to the accentual system of Proto-Indo-European language.
Description.
Proto-Indo-European (PIE) is reconstructed to have a pitch accent system that is usually described as a free tonal accent. This means that at most one syllable in a word was distinguished by height (rather than prominence), and that the place of accent (tone) was not predictable by phonological rules.
PIE accent could be "mobile", which means that it could change place throughout the inflectional paradigm. That state of affairs can be seen in Vedic and Ancient Greek, e.g. in the declension of athematic nouns; compare:
—or in the conjugation of athematic verbs (compare Sanskrit root present first-person sg. "émi", first-person plural "imás"). Otherwise, the accent was placed at the same syllable throughout the inflection, and according to that placement nouns are divided into "barytones" accented on the first syllable, and "oxytones" accented on the last syllable. Compare:
PIE accent was also "free" which means that it could stand on any syllable in a word, which is faithfully reflected in Vedic Sanskrit accent (later Classical Sanskrit has predictable accent). Compare:
As one can see, the placement of reconstructed PIE accent is reflected in Vedic Sanskrit basically intact. According to the reflex of PIE accent, Indo-European languages are divided into those with free accent preserved (either directly or indirectly), and those with "fixed" (or "bound") accent. Free accent is preserved in Vedic Sanskrit (of modern Indo-Iranian languages, according to some, in Pashto), Ancient Greek, Balto-Slavic and Anatolian. In Proto-Germanic, free accent was retained long enough for Verner's Law to be dependent on it, but later stress was shifted to the first syllable of the word.
Reflexes.
Vedic accent is generally considered the most archaic, reflecting fairly faithfully the position of the original PIE accent. Avestan manuscripts do not have written accent, but we know indirectly that in some period free PIE accent was preserved in (e.g. Avestan *r is devoiced yielding "-hr-" before voiceless stops and after the accent—if the accent was not on the preceding syllable, *r is not devoiced).
Ancient Greek also preserves free PIE accent in its nouns (see Ancient Greek accent), but with limitations that prevent the accent from being positioned farther than the third syllable from the end (next from the end if the last syllable was long). Verbal accent in Greek is almost completely worthless for reconstructing PIE accent, because (other than in a few cases) it is consistently positioned as far to the left as the rules allow.
Proto-Germanic initially preserved PIE free accent, with some innovations. In the last stage of Proto-Germanic, the accent was changed into a stress accent and fixed on the first syllable of the word, but prior to that it left its traces in the operation of Verner's law.
Anatolian languages show traces of old PIE accent in the lengthening of the old accented syllable. Compare:
Balto-Slavic also retains free PIE accent. For the reconstruction of Proto-Balto-Slavic accent, the most important is the evidence of Lithuanian, Latvian (traditionally Lithuanian is thought as more relevant, but that role is being increasingly taken over by Latvian), and some Slavic languages, especially West South Slavic languages and their archaic dialects. Balto-Slavic accent is continued in Proto-Slavic accent. Accentual alternations in inflectional paradigms (both verbal and nominal) are also retained in Balto-Slavic. Generally it was held that Balto-Slavic has innovative accentual system, but nowadays, according to some researchers, Balto-Slavic takes a pivotal role in the reconstruction of PIE accent (see below).
Indirect traces of the PIE accent are said to be reflected in the development of certain sounds in various branches. For the most part, however, these are of limited, if any, utility in reconstructing the PIE accent.
Unaccented words.
Some PIE lexical categories could be unaccented (clitics). These are chiefly particles (PIE 'and' > Vedic "-ca", Latin "-que", Ancient Greek "τε") and some forms of pronouns (PIE 'to me' > Vedic "me").
Vedic Sanskrit evidence also indicates that in some positions Proto-Indo-European verb could be unaccented in some syntactical conditions, such as in finite position in the main clause (but not sentence-initially, where verbs would bear whatever accent they would have borne in subordinate clauses). Same is valid for vocatives, which would be deaccented unless they appeared sentence-initially.
Interpretation.
No purely phonological rules for determining the position of PIE accent have been ascertained for now. Nevertheless, according to the traditional doctrine, the following can be said of PIE accentual system: PIE thematic nominals and thematic verbal stems all had fixed accent (i.e. on the same syllable throughout the paradigm), which was inherited in all attested daughter languages. Although, there exist some uncertainties regarding the simple thematic present. Some athematic nominals and verb stems also exhibited fixed accent (chiefly on the root), but most had alternating, mobile accent, exhibiting several characteristical patterns; in all of them the surface accent was to the left in one group of inflected forms (nominoaccusative of nominals, active singular of verbs), and to the right in the rest. These facts are often interpreted as being the result of the interplay between individual morphemes, each of which belonged, unpredictably, to one of several accentual classes in PIE. According to this view, endings and stems could all be underlyingly accented or not, the leftmost underlying accent surfaced, and the words with no underlying accent were accented by default on the leftmost syllable.
Modern theories.
Traditionally the PIE accent is reconstructed straightforwardly—by the comparison of Vedic, Ancient Greek and Germanic; e.g. PIE 'father' from Sanskrit pitā́, Ancient Greek , Gothic "fadar". When the position of accent would match in these languages, that would be the accent reconstructed for "PIE proper". It was taken that the Vedic is the most archaic and the evidence of Vedic would be used to resolve all the potentially problematic cases.
It was shown, however, by Vladislav Illich-Svitych in 1963 that the Balto-Slavic accent does not match with that presupposed PIE accent reconstructed on the basis of Vedic and Ancient Greek—the Greek-Vedic barytones correspond to Balto-Slavic "fixed paradigms", and Greek-Vedic oxytones correspond to Balto-Slavic "mobile paradigms". Moreover, in about a quarter of all cognate Vedic and Ancient Greek etymons accents do not match at all; e.g.
Recently Russian linguists Vladimir Dybo and Sergej Nikolayev have been reconstructing PIE accentual system as a system of two tones: + and − (probably high and low tone). Proto-Indo-European would not thus have, as is usually reconstructed, a system of free accent more or less preserved in Vedic, but instead every morpheme would be inherently high or low (i.e. dominant or recessive, as it cannot be known for sure how those features were phonetically actually manifested), and the position of accent would be later in various daughter languages determined in various ways (depending on the combinations of (+) and (−) morphemes), whereas Vedic would certainly "not" be the most archaic language. Many correspondences among IE languages, as well as certain phenomena in individual daughters dependent on PIE tones, should corroborate this interpretation.
Dybo lists several shortcomings of the traditional approach to the reconstruction of PIE accent. Amongst others, wrong belief in the direct connection between PIE accent and ablaut which in fact does not actually explain the position of PIE accent at all. Usually, however, it is thought that zero-grade should be unaccented, but that is provably not valid for PIE (e.g. 'wolf', 'seven' etc.) according to the traditional reconstruction. Furthermore, Dybo claims that there is none whatsoever phonological, semantic or morphological reason for the classification of certain word to a certain accentual type, i.e. the traditional model cannot explain why Vedic "" 'wolf' is barytone and Vedic "devás" 'deity' is oxytone. According to Dybo, such discrepancies can only be explained by presupposing lexical tone in PIE.

</doc>
<doc id="19370774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370774" title="2009 Australian Open">
2009 Australian Open

The 2009 Australian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 97th edition of the Australian Open, and the first Grand Slam event of the year. It took place at the Melbourne Park in Melbourne, Australia, from 19 January through 1 February 2009. The 2009 men's tournament is considered to be one of the best Grand Slam tournaments in open era history. It is remembered for containing many of the best matches of the 2009 year, including the Nadal v Verdasco semi final and the Nadal v Federer final. It was the first hard court Grand Slam in which Nadal made the final or won.
Novak Djokovic and Maria Sharapova were the defending champions. Djokovic was forced to retire in his quarter-final match against Andy Roddick due to heat stress, ending his title defence, whilst Sharapova chose not to defend her title due to long lasting shoulder surgery; the withdrawal subsequently dropped her out of the WTA's Top 10 for the first time since July 2004.
Second seeded Serena Williams regained the women's singles title and recorded her fourth Australian Open title and tenth Grand Slam title overall after defeating third seed Dinara Safina in straight sets. Serena, partnering her sister Venus, also won the women's doubles tournament.
First seeded Rafael Nadal defeated Roger Federer in five sets to win the men's singles title. This was Nadal's first hard court grand slam title, having previously only won on clay at Roland Garros four times and grass at Wimbledon once. He also became the first Spaniard to ever win the Australian Open. This tournament featured 23 five-set men's singles matches, the most since 1988. In men's doubles, another sibling pair took the title as Bob and Mike Bryan defeated Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles.
This tournament was notable for being the warmest tournament weather-wise; the average temperature throughout the tournament was 34.7 degrees Celsius, nine degrees above normal.
Day-by-day summaries.
Day 1 (19 January).
Day one's play began with 7th seeded Andy Roddick easing through to the 2nd round in Rod Laver Arena in straight sets. Later defending champion and 3rd seeded Novak Djokovic also made it to the second round, as well as seeded players Juan Martín del Potro, Marat Safin, Tomáš Berdych, Mardy Fish, Philipp Kohlschreiber, Robin Söderling, Paul-Henri Mathieu, Tommy Robredo, Stanislas Wawrinka, Marin Čilić, while 11th seeded David Ferrer was made to work hard before prevailing in five sets over Denis Gremelmayr. 2006 finalist Marcos Baghdatis also progressed in straight sets, while Australia's defending boy's champion Bernard Tomic won a four set encounter on his debut. Later in the evening, 10th seeded David Nalbandian dropped a set but eventually defeated Frenchman Marc Gicquel, while three-time champion 2nd seed Roger Federer won the first set easily, but was made to work hard in the next two sets, before defeating Italian Andreas Seppi on his fifth match point. 27th seed Feliciano López was the only seed to fall, losing to 2008 US Open quarterfinalist, Luxembourg's Gilles Müller in a five set thriller that ended 16–14 in the fifth. The match was originally thought to be the longest in the history of the Australian Open, spanning over 5 hours and 34 minutes. However, it was later discovered that a timing error had added over an hour to the match, that in reality lasted 4 hours and 24 minutes. The semifinal match between Rafael Nadal and Fernando Verdasco did become the longest, however, at 5 hours and 14 minutes.
In the women's singles, last year's finalist and 5th seeded Ana Ivanovic began her campaign with a hard earned straight sets victory, while compatriot and top seed Jelena Janković was an easy winner over Yvonne Meusburger. Other players following the Serbian duo into the second round include 3rd seed Dinara Safina, 7th seed Vera Zvonareva, Caroline Wozniacki, Alizé Cornet, Nadia Petrova, Marion Bartoli, Anna Chakvetadze, Alisa Kleybanova and Ai Sugiyama. 25th seeded Estonian Kaia Kanepi halted the progress of former world number four Kimiko Date-Krumm, playing in the main draw of a Grand Slam for the first time in 13 years, in three tight sets, while last year's semifinalist Daniela Hantuchová defeated local hope Casey Dellacqua in straight sets. Another former world number four, unseeded Australian Jelena Dokić also moved into the second round for the first time in ten years with a hard-fought victory over Tamira Paszek. Meanwhile 23rd seed Ágnes Szávay's poor form in Grand Slams continued as she crashed out to Galina Voskoboeva, 24th seed Sybille Bammer lost to Lucie Šafářová, while Sara Errani defeated 27th seed Maria Kirilenko.
Day 2 (20 January).
With temperatures soaring in Melbourne, Andy Murray had life made easy in his first round match when opponent Andrei Pavel was forced to concede with a back injury early in the second set, having lost the first. Other top-ten seeds such as last year's finalist Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, Gilles Simon and James Blake also progressed comfortably, along with Gaël Monfils, Fernando Verdasco, Richard Gasquet, Jürgen Melzer, Ivo Karlović and Radek Štěpánek, while Igor Andreev and Nicolás Almagro both won through in five sets. In a five-set thriller that lasted three hours and seven minutes, former finalist and 13th seed Fernando González overcame home-crowd favorite Lleyton Hewitt. Later on, top-seed Rafael Nadal posted a 6–0, 6–2, 6–2 win against Christophe Rochus that tied with Andy Roddick's first-round score, establishing himself and Roddick as the most dominant male performers of the first round. Two more seeds fell in the first round, with Russian 29th seed Dmitry Tursunov losing to Flavio Cipolla, while another former finalist, 30th seed Rainer Schüttler was defeated by Israel's Dudi Sela.
In the women's draw, Polish 9th seed Agnieszka Radwańska became the first top ten seed on either side to lose, as she was upset in three sets by Kateryna Bondarenko. 4th seed Elena Dementieva, on a ten-match winning streak this season, pulled through in three tough sets while the Williams sisters, 6th seeded Venus and second seed Serena, comfortably won their first-round matches, as did former women's champion Amélie Mauresmo, along with Svetlana Kuznetsova, Anabel Medina Garrigues, Patty Schnyder, Flavia Pennetta, Alona Bondarenko and Zheng Jie, while teenagers Victoria Azarenka and Dominika Cibulková recorded crushing victories over their respective opponents. 30th seeded Canadian Aleksandra Wozniak suffered defeat at the hands of Sabine Lisicki, while Francesca Schiavone lost to Peng Shuai and Tamarine Tanasugarn was defeated by María José Martínez Sánchez.
Day 3 (21 January).
Day three saw the second round matches getting underway in Melbourne Park. Defending champion and 3rd seed Novak Djokovic progressed with a straight sets victory over Jérémy Chardy, while second seed Roger Federer breezed past 118th-ranked Russian Evgeny Korolev 6–2, 6–3, 6–1 at Rod Laver Arena, which sets up a third-round match with Marat Safin, who recovered from a slow start to beat Guillermo García-López 7–5, 6–2, 6–2. Andy Roddick also needed four sets to get past Xavier Malisse, while Juan Martín del Potro eased into the third round, along with Marin Čilić, David Ferrer, Stanislas Wawrinka, Mardy Fish, Tomáš Berdych and Tommy Robredo. In the biggest upset in the men's tournament up to this point, unseeded Yen-hsun Lu defeated 10th-seeded David Nalbandian in five sets. 16th-seeded Robin Söderling was also upset by unseeded former finalist Marcos Baghdatis in four, while lucky loser Amer Delic prevailed in five sets against 28th seed Paul-Henri Mathieu and French veteran Fabrice Santoro came from behind to defeat Philipp Kohlschreiber. In the feature night match at Rod Laver Arena, sixteen-year-old Bernard Tomic took the first set against Gilles Müller but eventually lost 3–6, 6–1, 6–4, 6–2 to the more experienced Luxembourgian.
In the women's draw, it was a perfect day for the seeds, with the exception of 17th-seeded Anna Chakvetadze, who lost a sensational 3-set encounter to Jelena Dokić, the latter continuing with her comeback and set up a third round clash with Danish teenager, 11th seed Caroline Wozniacki after some questionable decisions by Fred Mather. Top seed Jelena Janković encountered resistance against Kirsten Flipkens but eventually won 6–4, 7–5, while Ana Ivanovic had an easier time against qualifier Alberta Brianti. Third seed Dinara Safina also needed to come back from one set down to beat Ekaterina Makarova, while Vera Zvonareva crushed Edina Gallovits 6–0, 6–0, and Nadia Petrova defeat Sania Mirza in straight sets. Also through to the third round are Alizé Cornet, Daniela Hantuchová, Marion Bartoli, Ai Sugiyama, Kaia Kanepi and Alisa Kleybanova.
The doubles matches also began, with most of the seeds in action passing their first tests, including Bob and Mike Bryan, Jeff Coetzee/Wesley Moodie, Mariusz Fyrstenberg/Marcin Matkowski, Bruno Soares/Kevin Ullyett, Max Mirnyi/Andy Ram, Travis Parrott/Filip Polášek, František Čermák/Michal Mertiňák and Christopher Kas/Rogier Wassen, as well as Yan Zi/Zheng Jie, Samantha Stosur/Rennae Stubbs, Maria Kirilenko/Flavia Pennetta, Casey Dellacqua/Francesca Schiavone, Hsieh Su-wei/Peng Shuai and Tatiana Poutchek/Anastasia Rodionova in the women's side. In the three sister pairings in action, 10th seeds Venus and Serena Williams swept aside Svetlana Kuznetsova and Nadia Petrova, unseeded Agnieszka and Urszula Radwańska defeat Jill Craybas and Tamarine Tanasugarn, but 4th seeds and defending champions Alona and Kateryna Bondarenko became the highest seeds to fall in the women doubles competition so far, losing in straight sets to Gisela Dulko/Roberta Vinci.
Day 4 (22 January).
Day four saw the conclusion of all second round matches in the singles competition. In the men's draw, top seed Rafael Nadal continued on his quest for a first Australian Open crown without too much trouble from Roko Karanušić, winning through in straight sets 6–2, 6–3, 6–2. Likewise, an in-form 4th seed Andy Murray eased into the 3rd round by defeating Marcel Granollers 6–4, 6–2, 6–2. Other top ten seeds that moved on included 5th seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and 6th seed Gilles Simon, both dropping a first set tiebreak but went on to win the next three sets, and 9th seed James Blake, who cruised past Sébastien de Chaunac. Gaël Monfils, Fernando González, Fernando Verdasco, Richard Gasquet, Nicolás Almagro, Radek Štěpánek, Jürgen Melzer and Igor Andreev all won through, while Ivo Karlović was the only seed to fall in the men's draw, losing to compatriot Mario Ančić after surrendering a two sets to one lead.
Unseeded Spaniard Carla Suárez Navarro scored the biggest upset to date in women's singles, defeating one of the pre-tournament favourites, 6th seeded Venus Williams 2–6, 6–3, 7–5, after coming back from 5–2 down and saving one match point while serving at 5–4 down in the third set. Venus' younger sister, second seeded Serena Williams had to work hard to dispatch Argentina's Gisela Dulko, saving six set points, while Dulko served for the second set at 5–3 in a game that featured 12 deuces, then fought through six more deuces to lead 6–5 and eventually won 6–3, 7–5. 4th seed Elena Dementieva extended her winning streak in the new season to 12 matches with a win over Iveta Benešová, and Svetlana Kuznetsova, Amélie Mauresmo, Victoria Azarenka, Dominika Cibulková, Zheng Jie, Flavia Pennetta, Anabel Medina Garrigues and Alona Bondarenko all moved on to the third round, while Swiss 14th seed Patty Schnyder fell to Virginie Razzano. Unseeded local hope Samantha Stosur also won.
Majority of the first round matches in the doubles competition also ended. Top seeds Daniel Nestor/Nenad Zimonjić led a charge of seeded pairs to the second round, including Mahesh Bhupathi/Mark Knowles, Leander Paes/Lukáš Dlouhý, Marcelo Melo/André Sá and Martin Damm/Robert Lindstedt, while in the women's competition co-world number ones Cara Black and Liezel Huber eased into the second round, along with seeds Anabel Medina Garrigues/Virginia Ruano Pascual, Květa Peschke/Lisa Raymond, Daniela Hantuchová/Ai Sugiyama, Victoria Azarenka/Vera Zvonareva, Nuria Llagostera Vives/María José Martínez Sánchez and Sorana Cîrstea/Monica Niculescu, meaning no seeds fall in the women's doubles that day.
Day 5 (23 January).
Day five of the tournament saw the commencement of third round matches in the singles event, where seed started playing against each other. In men's singles, defending champion Novak Djokovic was made to work hard against his Bosnian-born American opponent, lucky loser Amer Delic, but eventually saw off his opponent in four tough sets. 8th seeded Juan Martín del Potro was heavily tested by unseeded Gilles Müller as well, but prevailed in four sets as well, while 7th seed Andy Roddick continued on a collision course with Djokovic with an easier passage against Fabrice Santoro, winning in straight sets and firing 22 aces along his way to just four by the Frenchman. Marin Čilić continued his fine form by defeating last year's quarterfinalist, 11th seed David Ferrer, while Tommy Robredo ended the journey of Yen-hsun Lu with an easy victory, and Tomáš Berdych created a minor upset by defeating 15th seed Stanislas Wawrinka in four. Later at night, Roger Federer clashed with Marat Safin in a repeat of the 2004 finals and 2005 semifinals in an exciting matchup in Rod Laver Arena. The second seed was on form and sent out a strong signal to his rivals with a convincing 6–3, 6–2, 7–6(5) victory. 2006 finalist Marcos Baghdatis also sent 23rd seed Mardy Fish packing with a straight sets victory and set up a fourth round clash with Djokovic.
In the women's draw, following Venus William's exit the day before, Ana Ivanovic replaced her as the highest seed to fall so far, losing 5–7, 7–6(5), 2–6 to 29th seed Alisa Kleybanova. Ivanovic, finalist last year broke Kleybanova in 10th game of the second set when the latter was serving for the match, and brought the match to the decider by winning a tiebreak, but ultimately conceded the match to her younger Russian opponent as Kleybanova ran away with a 6–2 victory in the third. Earlier in the night session, Jelena Dokić continued her fairytale comeback to Grand Slam tennis by upsetting 11th seeded Danish teenager Caroline Wozniacki, despite losing the first set she bounced back strongly to take the next two 6–1, 6–2, and will meet Kleybanova next. Elsewhere, earlier in the day, it was business as usual for the top 16 seeds. Top seed Jelena Janković was once again tested but overcame the heat and Ai Sugiyama in straight sets, and will face Marion Bartoli next, the Frenchwoman coming back from one set down to beat Lucie Šafářová. Dinara Safina also displayed her form and cruise past Kaia Kanepi with the loss of just four games, playing 15th seed Alizé Cornet next, after Cornet recovered from one set down to knock out last year's semifinalist Daniela Hantuchová. 10th seed Nadia Petrova was the first to advance after winning one set against Galina Voskoboeva, after which the latter retired with an injury, and set up a last 16 clash with Vera Zvonareva, who eased past Sara Errani.
In men's doubles action, the upset of the day was created by unseeded Łukasz Kubot and Oliver Marach, when they knocked out the top seeds Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić in straight sets, in a day of upsets for the men's doubles which saw a total of five seeds being knocked out of the competition, including defending champion Andy Ram, partnering Max Mirnyi this year, crashing out to Spanish Davis Cup winning pair of Feliciano López and Fernando Verdasco. Seeds moved on in the women's doubles, with the exception of Tatiana Poutchek and Anastasia Rodionova, who lost to Anna-Lena Grönefeld and Patty Schnyder. Mixed doubles competition also began, but none of the seeds in action made it to the second round, with Alona Bondarenko/André Sá losing a match tie-break to Alizé Cornet/Marcelo Melo, Květa Peschke/Pavel Vízner losing to last year's finalists Sania Mirza/Mahesh Bhupathi, and Kateryna Bondarenko/Jordan Kerr defeated by Jarmila Gajdošová/Samuel Groth.
Day 6 (24 January).
The top seeds in the upper half of the men's draw did not have much trouble in progressing into the last 16. Rafael Nadal made it to the next round with a solid 6–4, 6–2, 6–2 victory over former World No. 2 Tommy Haas, producing over 50 winners and just eight unforced errors. 13th seed Fernando González is up next for the Spaniard, after the latter came back from the dead against 24th seeded Frenchman Richard Gasquet in a 249-minute thriller, in which both players exhibit barrages of winners, and a gripping third set tiebreak in which both had opportunities to take the set, or the match for Gasquet, and eventually it was González who prevailed 12–10 in the decider. Andy Murray comfortably won his match against Jürgen Melzer as well, 7–5, 6–0, 6–3, and set up a tie with 14th seed Fernando Verdasco. The Spaniard was clearly on form as he completed a 6–4, 6–0, 6–0 thrashing of Radek Štěpánek, the same player who beat him in the Brisbane International final just two weeks before. Gilles Simon and Gaël Monfils set up an all-French fourth round encounter after powering past their opponents, unseeded Croat Mario Ančić and 17th seed Nicolás Almagro. In contrast, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga need to overcome a third set lapse before defeating Dudi Sela in four and will play James Blake in the last 16, who dropped one set against Igor Andreev as well.
Serena Williams was the first among the women seeds to progress to the last 16 in Day Six, firing 10 aces on her way to a 6–1, 6–4 win over Chinese Peng Shuai. Belarusian teenager Victoria Azarenka awaits her in the next round, the 13th seed sending the only other former champion in the draw, 20th seed Amélie Mauresmo packing in a closely fought contest. Elena Dementieva continued on her excellent form this season, this time edging local hope Samantha Stosur in two tight sets, 7–6(6), 6–4, to set up a tie with another teenage star, 18th seed Dominika Cibulková, who defeat Virginie Razzano in straight sets to progress to the last 16 of a Grand Slam for the first time. Svetlana Kuznetsova is also through to the next round, overcoming 68 unforced errors from her racket to beat Alona Bondarenko. Alona's sister Kateryna also lost, crushed 6–2, 6–2 by Wimbledon semifinalist Zheng Jie, who will now play Kuznetsova. Elsewhere, Anabel Medina Garrigues posted a minor upset by powering past 12th seed Flavia Pennetta, and will now play unseeded Carla Suárez Navarro, Venus Williams' victor who cruised past compatriot María José Martínez Sánchez.
Seeds continued to tumble in the second round of the men's doubles, including 5th seeds Wesley Moodie and Jeff Coetzee, who lost to local wildcards Joseph Sirianni and Andrew Coelho, František Čermák/Michal Mertiňák losing to another local pairing in Paul Hanley/Jordan Kerr, and Martin Damm/Robert Lindstedt, who were upset by Mardy Fish/John Isner, while former champions Bob and Mike Bryan are safely through. Women's top seeds Cara Black and Liezel Huber went through to the next round as well, along with Victoria Azarenka/Vera Zvonareva, Daniela Hantuchová/Ai Sugiyama, Květa Peschke/Lisa Raymond while Sorana Cîrstea/Monica Niculescu fell to Nathalie Dechy/Mara Santangelo.
The seeds also went 1–1 in the first round of mixed doubles competition, with second seeds Yan Zi/Mark Knowles defeating Nadia Petrova/Max Mirnyi while third seeds Lisa Raymond/Marcin Matkowski losing to Iveta Benešová/Lukáš Dlouhý.
Day 7 (25 January).
4th round matches begin with 8th seed Juan Martín del Potro advancing into his first Australian Open quarterfinals after recovering from a one set deficit to beat 19th seeded Marin Čilić. Both players were tipped to be highly successful in the future, but it was del Potro who stood firm with less error count as he prevailed 5–7, 6–4, 6–4, 6–2 and will play three-time champion, world no. 2 Roger Federer. Federer himself survived the challenge from 20th seeded Tomáš Berdych, who have not beaten him since their first encounter in the 2004 Athens Olympics Games. Berdych looked sharper of the two, showing little nerves as he went two sets up, but Federer came out firing from the third set onwards, and eventually came through safely, winning 4–6, 6–7(4), 6–4, 6–4, 6–2. 7th seed Andy Roddick also moved on to the quarterfinals with a comprehensive 7–5, 6–1, 6–3 victory over Tommy Robredo, and will play defending champion Novak Djokovic for a place in his 4th Australian Open semifinals. Djokovic looked impressive early on against former finalist Marcos Baghdatis, racing to a 6–1 first set victory, but the Cypriot gave him a much harder time, though giving up a one-break lead in the second set to lose a tiebreak and winning another third set tiebreak. However, the defending champion was too hot to handle and eventually by 2.30 am, Djokovic has sealed a 6–1, 7–6(1), 6–7(5), 6–2 victory in over three hours.
In the women's draw, top seeded Jelena Janković's quest for a maiden Grand Slam title came to a premature end in one of the shocks of the day, as 16th seed Marion Bartoli displayed her best tennis in two sets to dump the Serbian 6–1, 6–4, meaning Janković's world number one crown could be in danger. 7th seeded Vera Zvonareva also made it to her first Australian Open semifinals, after coming through in two tough sets against compatriot and 10th seeded Nadia Petrova, 7–5, 6–4. 3rd seed Dinara Safina almost followed Janković's path out of the tournament, as she survived two match points against Alizé Cornet, who was serving for the match while 2–6, 6–2, 5–4 up, but eventually lost the decider 7–5. Safina's opponent in the quarterfinals would be a resurgent Jelena Dokić, who, in the first match of the night session in Rod Laver Arena, defeated 29th seed Alisa Kleybanova in a three-hour match, 7–5, 5–7, 8–6, despite needing a medical time out towards the end of the decider. The Australian hang tough to break Kleybanova to love in the final game, sealing a famous win.
Doubles play continue with 2nd seeds Bob and Mike Bryan progressing to a quarterfinal clash against compatriots Mardy Fish and John Isner, who sent 7th seeds Bruno Soares/Kevin Ullyett out of the tournament. 6th seeded Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski and unseeded Feliciano López/Fernando Verdasco also advanced to the quarterfinals. The top women seeds were not as lucky as four of the top eight pairs were sent crashing out, with Anabel Medina Garrigues/Virginia Ruano Pascual suffering a heavy defeat at the hands of 16th seeds Peng Shuai/Hsieh Su-wei, 3rd seeds Květa Peschke/Lisa Raymond losing to Nathalie Dechy/Mara Santangelo, 5th seeds Rennae Stubbs/Samantha Stosur defeated by Venus and Serena Williams while 6th seeds Yan Zi/Zheng Jie lost to Nuria Llagostera Vives/María José Martínez Sánchez.
Day 8 (26 January).
Day eight saw the remaining fourth round men's matches with a warm forecast to complement Australia Day. However it was quite a disappointing day with three seeded players from both men and women's draw retiring due to various reasons. In Rod Laver Arena, 6th seeded Gilles Simon battled against his in-form countrymen, 12th seed Gaël Monfils, with Simon taking the first set 6–4 only for Monfils to hit back 6–2. However, he began to show signs of suffering in the third set and after a medical timeout while 4–1 down and eventually losing the set, Monfils retired citing a wrist injury, sending Simon to his first Grand Slam quarterfinals, where he will face top seed Rafael Nadal. Nadal appeared to be in complete control over Fernando González, easily winning the first two sets and coming through the third set with heavier resistance from the Chilean, but the Spaniard never looked in doubt in his quest for a first Australian Open title. However, the surprise of the day came when 4th seeded Andy Murray, tipped by many as a favourite to win the title, crashed out to an in-form Fernando Verdasco, despite leading by 2 sets to 1. Verdasco, who had only lost twelve games on his way to the fourth round, came out firing in the last two sets, serving with astonishing accuracy, and won 85% of his first serves to outlast the Scot 2–6, 6–1, 1–6, 6–3, 6–4, and set up a quarterfinal tie with Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, who sent James Blake packing with a straight sets victory, meaning Murray was the only top eight seed to not make it to the quarterfinals.
In the women's draw, following Monfils' withdrawal earlier on, Victoria Azarenka and Serena Williams took the court earlier than expected, and it was the young Belarusian who made the better start, breaking the three-time champion twice to take the first set 6–3. However, after a missing chances to go 2–0 up in the second, Azarenka started to show signs of discomfort and was broken instead to trail 3–2, and a medical timeout couldn't do the wonders as the youngster retired in tears after another game. Azarenka later explained that she had been throwing up all morning and was feeling weak, but thought she could play after feeling better before her game, but ultimately succumbed. Williams went through to the quarterfinals, where she will play 8th seeded Svetlana Kuznetsova, who benefited from yet another withdrawal, in the form of 22nd seed Zheng Jie, who retired after five games with a wrist injury she picked up in the third game after falling and landing awkwardly on her hand. Elena Dementieva advanced with her fourteenth win of the season, this time dominating Slovakia's 18th seed Dominika Cibulková, 6–2, 6–2, and will play another giantkiller, unseeded Carla Suárez Navarro in the quarterfinals, the latter easily dispatching compatriot and 21st seed Anabel Medina Garrigues 6–3, 6–2 earlier in the day.
In men's doubles, 4th seeds Lukáš Dlouhý and Leander Paes advanced into the quarterfinals after defeating local pairing of Paul Hanley/Jordan Kerr, while Joseph Sirianni/Andrew Coelho also lost to Simone Bolelli/Andreas Seppi. 3rd seeds Mahesh Bhupathi/Mark Knowles and unseeded Łukasz Kubot/Oliver Marach filled in the remaining quarterfinal slots with straight sets victory over their respective opponents. In the women's side, top seeded Cara Black and Liezel Huber advanced after Victoria Azarenka, partnering Vera Zvonareva pulled out with an illness, and 7th seeds Flavia Pennetta/Maria Kirilenko also conceded a walkover to Casey Dellacqua/Francesca Schiavone due to Pennetta suffering from right foot bursitis. 9th seeds Daniela Hantuchová/Ai Sugiyama won through easily against Ágnes Szávay/Elena Vesnina, and Anna-Lena Grönefeld/Patty Schnyder also won. In mixed doubles second seeds Yan Zi/Mark Knowles were also shown the exit in the second round by Canadians Aleksandra Wozniak/Daniel Nestor, while 7th seeds Anabel Medina Garrigues/Tommy Robredo won their first round match.
Day 9 (27 January).
In the first quarterfinal match of the day, women's 7th seed Vera Zvonareva was at her best, despite falling behind 3–1 in the first set as 16th seed Marion Bartoli seemed to have set up the decisive break. Zvonareva, who have yet to concede a set throughout the tournament, hit back strongly, moving her opponent around the court and hitting clean winners while errors started to flow from Bartoli's racket with alarming regularity as her game started to beak apart. In the end, it was Zvonareva who reeled off eleven straight games as she routed the Frenchwoman 6–3, 6–0, advancing to her maiden Grand Slam semifinal. 3rd seed Dinara Safina had a tough opponent in the form of Jelena Dokić, who had defeated three seeded players on her way to the quarterfinals and had won all her matches in three sets so far. The two players traded breaks regularly as they shared the first two sets, Safina taking the first 6–4 but losing the second by the same scoreline. Dokić, with strong local support behind her, continued to battle bravely, breaking Safina to level things at 4–4 in the decider but in the end, Safina's stamina and speed prevailed as she wrapped up the match 6–4, 4–6, 6–4, and progress to the semifinals, while Dokić exited the tournament, but can be assured of a return to the top 100 in the post-tournament rankings.
In the men's draw, Novak Djokovic's reign as the defending champion came to an abrupt end after he forfeited his match against Andy Roddick while 7–6(3), 4–6, 2–6, 1–2 down, due to heat stress. Djokovic had started shakily, winning a tiebreak after both players failed to force a break point on their opponent's serve, but some inspired play by Djokovic saw him taking the tiebreak. Roddick, however, was too strong on his own serve in the second set, dropping just two points and eventually taking the second set 6–4. Djokovic was clearly not himself from the beginning of the third set, and laboured for the final eleven games of the match battling cramps and heat stress before finally decided to give up after he was broken to love in the third game of the 4th set, handing Roddick a 4th semifinal appearance in Melbourne Park. Roddick will face a familiar foe in second seed Roger Federer next, after the Swiss recorded an astonishingly easy victory over Juan Martín del Potro, who is playing in just his second Grand Slam quarterfinal. After losing the first set 6–3, del Potro seemed to have given up while Federer only appeared more devastating as the match progressed, before recording a 6–3, 6–0, 6–0 victory, after which the Argentine admitted that there was little he could do against Federer if he was not playing well.
The women doubles semifinals lineup was also completed. 9th seeded Daniela Hantuchová and Ai Sugiyama reached the semifinals after ending the dreams of co-world number ones Cara Black and Liezel Huber in three sets, winning a third set tiebreak 12–10, and will be up against unseeded Nathalie Dechy and Mara Santangelo next, the French-Italian pairing coming from behind to send Spanish 11th seeds Nuria Llagostera Vives/María José Martínez Sánchez packing. The other semifinal match will be between French Open runner-ups Casey Dellacqua/Francesca Schiavone against the Williams sisters, Venus and Serena, with the 12th seeded Australian-Italian pair coming back from a first set bagel to defeat Anna-Lena Grönefeld/Patty Schnyder while the 10th seeds needed 3 sets to get past Hsieh Su-wei/Peng Shuai as well. In men's doubles, giantkillers Łukasz Kubot/Oliver Marach defeated another seeded team, 6th seeds Mariusz Fyrstenberg/Marcin Matkowski and will play 3rd seeds Mahesh Bhupathi/Mark Knowles in the semifinals.
In mixed doubles, it was a bad day for Black and Huber as well as the top seeded Cara Black and Leander Paes crashed out to the unseeded pairing of Patty Schnyder/Wesley Moodie, while Liezel Huber and Jamie Murray lost to Nathalie Dechy/Andy Ram. 7th seeds Anabel Medina Garrigues/Tommy Robredo and unseeded Iveta Benešová/Lukáš Dlouhý made it to the quarterfinals, both with wins in a match tie-break against their respective opponents, leaving Medina Garrigues and Robredo as the only seeded team left.
Day 10 (28 January).
Day ten of the competition saw temperatures reaching as high as 43 degrees Celsius, causing the extreme heat policy (EHP) to be implemented for the first time this year. As part of the policy, all outdoor matches were suspended and eventually cancelled, affecting many junior matches, and also legends and wheelchair tournaments. Play continued in the main stadiums, with Svetlana Kuznetsova, apparently more comfortable than her opponent Serena Williams in the blistering heat, taking the first set 7–5 despite failing to close the set while serving at 5–4 up. However, the momentum swung over to Williams' side, after the match was interrupted for closing the roof of the stadium due to the implementation of the EHP. Kuznetsova, visibly unhappy at the interruption, hang in tough to break Williams again and went 5–3 up, but will rue missing a golden opportunity to make her first Australian Open semifinal as Williams won 4 games in a row to take the second set 7–5, and blasted her way through the third 6–1, winning ten out of the last eleven games to destroy the Russian's dream of an all-Russian semifinal, following Elena Dementieva's 15th win of the season. The 4th seeded Russian proved too good for surprise package Carla Suárez Navarro, playing in her second Grand Slam quarterfinal in just four Grand Slam main draw appearances, though the 6–2, 6–2 scoreline did not clearly reflect the closeness of the match, as the young Canary Island resident had numerous chances to break back against Dementieva, only to be saved by the in-form Russian each time.
The second semifinal match in the men's singles has also been decided when top seed Rafael Nadal set up an all-Spanish encounter with compatriot, 14th seed Fernando Verdasco. Nadal experienced momentum swings against 6th seeded Gilles Simon, winning the first set 6–2 with ease, but had to come from behind in the next two sets, including saving a set point in the second set, but eventually breaking Simon to win both sets 7–5, and continued his march to a first Australian Open crown after advancing to a second straight semifinals without dropping a set. Hopes of a rematch of last year's semifinals were dashed after Jo-Wilfried Tsonga was sent out of the tournament in four sets against a fired up Fernando Verdasco, who had been on song since winning the Davis Cup for Spain at the end of last year. Tsonga's serve appeared impenetrable early on, while Verdasco was forced to save break points but raced to a 5–2 lead in the tiebreaker before eventually winning 7–2. Tsonga hit back with his first break which sealed the second set, but Verdasco's serve once again proved to be the deciding factor as Tsonga's falter, Verdasco racing to a 4–0 lead in the third and converting all four break opportunities he has, in contrast to Tsonga's two out of thirteen, and powered into his maiden Grand Slam semifinals 7–6(2), 3–6, 6–3, 6–2.
In men's doubles, second seeds Bob and Mike Bryan advanced to the semifinals with a hard-fought win over compatriots Mardy Fish/John Isner, where they will take on 4th seeds Lukáš Dlouhý/Leander Paes in a rematch of last year's US Open final, who ended the journey of Italians Simone Bolelli/Andreas Seppi. The mixed doubles semifinals lineup is also completed with 7th seeds Anabel Medina Garrigues/Tommy Robredo defeating Patty Schnyder/Wesley Moodie in a match tie-break, and will play Nathalie Dechy/Andy Ram after the unseeded pair defeat Dominika Cibulková/Jürgen Melzer in straight sets. Last year's finalists Sania Mirza/Mahesh Bhupathi also won through against Aleksandra Wozniak/Daniel Nestor, and will play Czechs Iveta Benešová/Lukáš Dlouhý, who received a walkover from Alizé Cornet/Marcelo Melo.
Day 11 (29 January).
The women's semifinals were played inside Rod Laver Arena with its roof closed once again, due to temperatures hitting a new high during the fortnight, causing the Extreme Heat Policy to be invoked for the second day in a row, and outdoor matches were suspended until 1930 hours. Nevertheless, play continued inside the main stadium with Serena Williams looking to snap a three-match losing streak against the form player of this season, Elena Dementieva, who had won 15 consecutive matches while taking two titles. The first two games saw multiple deuces and a couple of break points for both players but ultimately managed to hold serve, and the game proceeded on serve until Williams broke the deadlock in the eighth game and subsequently served out the first set 6–3. Dementieva bounced back strongly to break Williams at the early stages of the second set to open up a 3–0 lead, but her serve began to falter as well, recording a series of double faults as Williams broke back twice to lead 4–3. A series of blistering forehands saw Dementieva getting back into the match but in the end, her serve failed her again and Serena Williams soon served for the match, winning 6–3, 6–4 in 98 minutes, ending Dementieva's unnbeaten start to the season and advancing to the women's final for the fourth time. Her opponent will be Dinara Safina, who broke a three-match losing streak as well against Vera Zvonareva. Zvonareva, in her first Grand Slam semifinals, appeared to be more shaky of the two, quickly falling behind against Safina's dictating baseline rallies. Even though Zvonareva managed to break back, she appeared to be troubled by her own serve, until Safina broke again in the 7th game and went on to seal the set 6–3. The second set was a closer affair as Safina began to make unforced errors, trading a break with Zvonareva, until Zvonareva appeared to have the upper hand while serving for the second set at 6–5. Safina, however, broke her opponent to love and from that point onwards she was in control, sealing her second Grand Slam final by winning the tiebreak. Victories for both Williams and Safina ensured that Jelena Janković will surrender her world number one status in the post-tournament rankings to the winner of the finals, and is projected to fall to number 3 in the world.
In the first men's semifinals, Roger Federer was back to his best as he dismantled American Andy Roddick 6–2, 7–5, 7–5 to move on to his fourth Australian Open final, having won the previous three in 2004, 2006 and 2007. Federer was in complete control in the first set, quickly breaking Roddick twice to open up a 5–1 lead, but had to stave off a late Roddick charge to secure the first set 6–2. The second set was much closer, Roddick relying on his big serves and constantly charging to the net to stay in the set, even though Federer looked comfortable and broke the American in the eleventh game, serving out with ease. The third set was similar to the second set, and as Federer sealed the decisive break to lead 6–5, there was no stopping the Swiss as he advanced to the finals, where he awaits the winner between Rafael Nadal and Fernando Verdasco.
The men's and women's doubles semifinals were also concluded, with Bob and Mike Bryan easing past Lukáš Dlouhý and Leander Paes 6–3, 6–3 in just 54 minutes, advancing to their fifth final in six years, while Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles needed just four more minutes to defeat surprise package Łukasz Kubot and Oliver Marach 6–3, 6–1. The women's doubles finals will be between 9th seeded Daniela Hantuchová/Ai Sugiyama and 10th seeded Venus Williams/Serena Williams. The Slovakian-Japanese pairing looked sharp on the way to a 6–4, 6–3 victory over Nathalie Dechy and Mara Santangelo, while the Williams sisters, with Serena fresh from her singles semifinals, crushing 12th seeds Casey Dellacqua/Francesca Schiavone 6–0, 6–2. Nathalie Dechy and Andy Ram were the first to advance to the mixed doubles final, sending the last seeded pair Anabel Medina Garrigues and Tommy Robredo out of the tournament with a 7–6(7), 6–4 win.
Day 12 (30 January).
In the second men's singles semifinals, top seeded Rafael Nadal took on his countrymen, 14th seed Fernando Verdasco, in the first ever all-Spanish semifinal in Australian Open. Nadal was the favourite to advance, only losing one set to his older opponent in 6 meetings and is yet to drop a set this year in Melbourne Park, however Verdasco had been on his peak form, upsetting favourites like Andy Murray and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on his way to his maiden Grand Slam semifinal. With Roger Federer waiting in the final, both players carried their form into the match, holding on to their own serve as they entered a first set tiebreak, where Nadal had the initial advantage, but Verdasco's big serves comes to his rescue again and earned two set points after a lucky net cord, which he duly converted to take the first set. Nadal was heavily tested on his own serve in the second set while Verdasco powered to several love service games, but Nadal hung on and with some astonishing play, saved two game points in the 10th game and broke Verdasco, levelling things at one sets all. The momentum appeared to swing to Nadal's side as he broke Verdasco twice in the third set, only for Verdasco to break back immediately each time, bringing the third set into a tiebreaker which Nadal won handily. Verdasco's huge forehands and serve continued to pose a problem for Nadal, even though he had to call on a trainer at changeovers to tend to what appeared as a problem to his left calf. Another tiebreak was needed to settle the 4th set, and Verdasco sprinted away with a 7–1 victory, bringing the match to a decider. By then the match had already lasted more than 4 hours — but neither player showed signs of tiredness, even though Nadal appeared to be more at ease. Having come down from 0–30 down to lead 5–4 in the decider, Nadal gained 3 match points courtesy of only a 3rd double fault from Verdasco, and even though Verdasco managed to save two of them, a second double fault of the game — 4th overall — handed Nadal the match and a place in the finals. Nadal only managed to win one more point than Verdasco (193 to 192), who blasted 95 winners past Nadal, in a match that broke the Australian Open record as the longest men's singles match at 5 hours and 14 minutes (previous record by Boris Becker and Omar Camporese in 1991 at 5 hours and 11 minutes).
In an earlier match, the women's doubles final was played out between Daniela Hantuchová/Ai Sugiyama and Serena Williams/Venus Williams. Playing beneath the roof of the Rod Laver Arena as temperatures hit 43 degrees Celsius outdoors, the Slovak—Japanese pairing appeared to have the upper hand at first, breaking Venus to take the opening game. But it did not take the sisters too long to find their rhythm as Sugiyama was broken for 2–2. Sugiyama's serve was under pressure again by some heavy returns and the sisters break again, serving out the first set 6–3. All four players failed to held serve at 1–1 in the second set, with Sugiyama's first to go, but eventually the Williamses get the decisive break to lead 4–3. Two games later, Hantuchová was left serving to stay in the match, but the sisters combined power proved too much, as they eased to a 6–3, 6–3 victory, for their 8th Grand Slam doubles title together, meaning they are now the joint 3rd most successful doubles pairings in the Open Era, together with Virginia Ruano Pascual and Paola Suárez, and behind Martina Navrátilová/Pam Shriver (21) and Gigi Fernández/Natasha Zvereva (14).
Last year's mixed doubles finalist, India's Sania Mirza and Mahesh Bhupathi also earned the opportunity for another shot at the title, cruising past Iveta Benešová/Lukáš Dlouhý 6–1, 6–4 to advance to the finals against Nathalie Dechy and Andy Ram.
Day 13 (31 January).
The women's singles final saw second seed Serena Williams clash against third seed Dinara Safina, with the winner ascending to the top spot in the WTA rankings, replacing Jelena Janković, in the post-tournament rankings. Safina was also aiming to be just the second Russian to ascend to the position with her maiden Grand Slam title, while it would be the 10th for Williams. Having won the women's doubles title a day earlier, Williams settled down quickly, comfortably holding serve and built up a 2–0 lead following multiple double faults from Safina. A hope for a Safina comeback was quickly extinguished as Williams looked sharp, blasting winners and heavy returns past her younger opponent, and sealed the first set 6–0 in just 22 minutes. Safina regrouped and proceeded to break Williams in the opening game of the second set, her first lead of any kind in the match, but the advantage was short-lived as Williams broke back immediately, and after easily holding to love, two more double faults and errors from Safina allowed her opponent to seal the decisive break. Safina could do nothing more than fighting to hold her own serves, forcing Williams to serve out, but another dominant service game saw Williams clinched her 4th Australian Open title after wins in 2003, 2005 and 2007. Safina admitted later during the prize giving ceremony that she felt like a ball boy on court against her opponent, promising to return the following year, while Williams will spend her 62nd non-consecutive week on top of the rankings next week.
Following the women's singles final, the men's doubles final took place in the Rod Laver Arena. Second seeds, American twins Bob and Mike Bryan overcame the third seeds Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles to take home their third Australian Open title together. Bhupathi and Knowles came out firing first, playing a near flawless first set to take the first set 6–2 after just 27 minutes, with a series of clever play that wrong-footed the twins on various occasions. They continued to pressure the 30 year old Americans in the second set, forcing numerous break points but unable to convert each time, as the momentum shifted over and with Knowles' serve starting to falter, the Bryans were able to put away some smashes and volleys to take the second set 7–5. From there, they looked comfortable, steamrolling past the decider 6–0 to regain the title they last won in 2007, and dash Bhupathi's hope of winning two titles (he made it to the finals of the mixed doubles as well).
Day 14 (1 February).
Nadal and Federer's first encounter for the year resulted in a five-set epic—lasting 4 hours and 23 minutes—with Nadal prevailing, 7–5, 3–6, 7–6(3), 3–6, 6–2 for his sixth Grand Slam title and his first on hard courts. Nadal is the first Spaniard in history to win the Australian Open and the fourth male tennis player — after Jimmy Connors, Mats Wilander and Andre Agassi — to win Grand Slam titles on three different surfaces. Later in 2009, Roger Federer would become the fifth player to accomplish this feat upon winning his 14th grand slam title at the 2009 French Open.
Federer, who was pursuing a record-tying fourteenth Grand Slam title, was unable to hold back tears during the trophy presentation.
Singles Seeds.
Withdrawals: Lindsay Davenport, Katarina Srebotnik, Nikolay Davydenko, Maria Sharapova, Li Na, Nicolas Kiefer 

</doc>
<doc id="19370795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370795" title="Jon Pollard">
Jon Pollard

Jon Pollard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19370816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370816" title="Manzil (disambiguation)">
Manzil (disambiguation)

Manzil may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19370829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370829" title="1989 ABC Championship">
1989 ABC Championship

The 1989 Men's Asian Basketball Confederation Championship was held in Beijing, PR China. 

</doc>
<doc id="19370830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370830" title="Djillali Liabes">
Djillali Liabes

The late Professor Djillali Liabes (Arabic,الجيلالي اليابس) was born in 1948 in Sidi Bel Abbès. He continued his early education in his hometown in Azza Abdelkader's high school (El Djala former high school) where he obtained his Bachelor of Letters series in 1967. His graduate studies at the University of Algiers have enabled him to obtain a degree in philosophy and social sciences, he earned his doctorate 3rd cycle and a doctorate in literature state and humanities.
He was appointed Minister of Universities in 1991, then minister of universities and scientific research in 1992. He also held the post of Minister of National Education from June 1992 to October 1992. Appointed in October 1992 Director of the Institut of High Globale Strategic Studies, he presented an analytical report on the development prospects of the Algerian Society.
Among other activities, he presented a lecture entitled: The Third World and New World.
His literary productions are numerous.
Djillali Liabes died on March 16, 1993 at Kouba (Algiers) gunned down from close range by the Armed Islamic Group of Algeria.
The University of Sidi Bel Abbès proudly bears his name since 1996.
FROM http://www.sfapsy.com/Divers/liabes.htm
translated with Google from French

</doc>
<doc id="19370834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370834" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Babulal Chowkhani Memorial Trophy for Best Original Story">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Babulal Chowkhani Memorial Trophy for Best Original Story

Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19370844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370844" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Most Outstanding Work of the Year Award">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Most Outstanding Work of the Year Award

Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19370845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370845" title="Moké Diarra">
Moké Diarra

Abdichi-Moké Diarra (born November 12, 1983 in Bamako) is a Malian footballer, who is currently playing for FC Sylt. 

</doc>
<doc id="19370854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370854" title="Lisseth Orozco">
Lisseth Orozco

Lisseth Johanna Orozco Pallares (born September 1, 1986 in Cúcuta, Norte de Santander) is a female judoka from Colombia, who won the bronze medal in the women's extra lightweight division (– 48 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. She represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19370856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370856" title="2001 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles">
2001 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles

David Adams and John-Laffnie de Jager were the defending champions but only Adams competed that year with Marius Barnard.
Adams and Barnard lost in the first round to Dominik Hrbatý and David Prinosil.
Jonas Björkman and Roger Federer won in the final 6–3, 6–0 against Petr Pála and Pavel Vízner.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19370858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370858" title="Leo W. Morgan">
Leo W. Morgan

Leo W. Morgan (born 3 May 1913, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1930s and early 1940s. 
Small and pacy, Morgan was recruited to Collingwood from Abbotsford. He was a wingman in Collingwood's 1935 and 1936 premiership sides as well as in the losing 1938 Grand Final team.

</doc>
<doc id="19370884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370884" title="2008 Dally M Awards">
2008 Dally M Awards

The 2008 Dally M Awards were presented on Tuesday 9 September 2008 at the Hordern Pavilion in Sydney and broadcast on Fox Sports.
Dally M Awards.
The Dally M Awards were, as usual, conducted at the close of the regular season and hence do not take games played in the finals series into account. Billy Slater would have won the award had it not been for a one-week suspension for an on-field fight that occurred late in the season which deducted three votes from his tally. Some experts called for a change in the rules claiming he deserved the award for being the best player that season despite the suspension but this never eventuated.
Team of the Year

</doc>
<doc id="19370895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370895" title="1993 AFL Rising Star">
1993 AFL Rising Star

The AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a standout young player in the Australian Football League. The award is also known as the Norwich Rising Star due to sponsorship reasons. This was the first season the medal was awarded and the award went to Nathan Buckley in his debut, and only, season at the Brisbane Bears.
Eligibility and nominations.
Every round, an Australian Football League rising star nomination is given to a standout young player. To be eligible for the award, a player must be under 21 on January 1 of that year, have played 10 or fewer senior games and not been suspended during the season. At the end of the year, one of the 22 nominees is the winner of award. The nominated players from 1993 are considered to be one of the most successful of all years.

</doc>
<doc id="19370902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370902" title="Mario Valles">
Mario Valles

Mario Antonio Valles Velásquez (born February 3, 1977 in Dagua, Valle del Cauca) is a male judoka from Colombia, who won the bronze medal in the men's half middleweight division (– 81 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. He represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2004 in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19370903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370903" title="BFJA B.C. Agarwal Memorial Award for Best Film Critic/Journalist">
BFJA B.C. Agarwal Memorial Award for Best Film Critic/Journalist

Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19370936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370936" title="Loch Sloy">
Loch Sloy

Loch Sloy was a Scottish sailing barque that operated between Great Britain and Australia from the late 19th century until 1899. Her name was drawn from Loch Sloy, a freshwater loch which lies to the north of the Burgh of Helensburgh, in the region of Argyll and Bute, Scotland. Ships Captains: 1877 - 1885 James Horne, 1885 – 1890 John Mclean, 1890 – 1895 Charles Lehman, 1895 – 1896 James R. George, 1896 – 1899 William J. Wade, 1899 Peter Nicol.
In the early hours of 24 April 1899, "Loch Sloy" overran her distance when trying to pick up the light at Cape Borda and was wrecked on Brothers Rocks, about 300 metres from shore off Kangaroo Island, South Australia. Of the 34 passengers and crew on board, there were only four survivors, one who died from injuries and exposure shortly afterwards.
History and description.
"Loch Sloy" was built in 1877 by D. and W. Henderson and Company, Glasgow, Yard No 178 for the Glasgow Shipping Company, more commonly known as the Loch Line.
Under the command of Captain Peter Nicol, "Loch Sloy" was on passage from Glasgow to Adelaide and Melbourne with a load of general cargo and seven passengers, including 2 women; David Kilpatrick, a cook from Glasgow (25), George Lamb, a clerk from Edinburgh, (30), Robert Logan, a piano tuner from Inverness, (40), Alexander McDonald, an engineer from Aberdeen (34), Captain Osmond Leicester (30) and Mrs Leicester, (Real name Mary Donally, 37. Osmonds real wife Fermina had been abandoned) (30), of Liverpool, and Rosalind Cartlidge (25). In the early hours of 24 April 1899, she met with disaster on the coast of Kangaroo Island at the mouth of the Investigator Strait, South Australia. The ship overran her distance when trying to pick up the light at Cape Borda. She was too close inshore and the light was hidden by the cliffs between Cape Bedout and Cape Couedie. In the darkness of the morning she ran full on to a reef 300 yards from shore to the north of the Casuarina Islets in Maurpetuis Bay.
The crew and passengers took refuge in the rigging, but one by one the masts broke and went over the side and the men were hurled into the breakers. There was little opportunity for her crew to save themselves. The ship had struck well off shore and only four men reached it - a passenger, two able seamen and an apprentice. None of the survivors remembered how they actually got ashore; they heard the crash of the masts, and then felt the wreckage bumping them about in the surf.
Crew of the final voyage.
Ship's Officers
Ship's Specialists
Five Apprentices 
Able Seamen
Ordinary Seamen
Survivors.
The four survivors, David Kilpatrick a passenger from Paisley, Renfrewshire, William John Simpson, the 19-year-old apprentice, and nephew of the captain, and two able seamen William Mitchell and Duncan McMillan, had to scale steep cliffs before they could even begin to get help. Kilpatrick was in a fearful state and could not climb up but eventually his companions helped him to the top, cutting his feet badly during the climb.
McMillan, the strongest of the survivors, left to find assistance, but after three days he had not returned, and the remaining three men decided to try to reach Cape Borda lighthouse. McMillan returned and finding the others gone, again set out for help, this time finding the May family, one of whom rode to the lighthouse where a search was organised.
The three other survivors were many miles from a settlement and were forced to survive on shell fish and dead penguins cast up by the sea. Unable to keep up with the others due to injuries and exposure, Kilpatrick was too ill to continue. The two others made him as comfortable as possible and he was left behind. Simpson and Mitchell were eventually found seventeen days after the disaster in a terrible state, slowly making their way to the Cape Borda lighthouse. They were without food, having given all they possessed to Kilpatrick, but the remains of two dead penguins were tied around their necks.
Mitchell subsequently stated that the ship was in fairly calm water half an hour before she struck. The boats might have been got out, but no attempt was made, the captain hoping to "bout ship" (change direction of the ship).
The body of David Kilpatrick was found nearly a month after the disaster. He was buried where found and his stone grave can still be seen today as a memorial to those who died in shipwrecks on Kangaroo Island's west coast.
Aftermath.
The ship’s wreck site is protected by the Commonwealth "Historic Shipwrecks Act 1976" and is located at .

</doc>
<doc id="19370937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370937" title="2009 Fed Cup">
2009 Fed Cup

The 2009 Fed Cup was the 46th edition of the most important competition between national teams in women's tennis.
The final took place at the Circolo del Tennis in Reggio Calabria, Italy, on 7–8 November. The home team, Italy, defeated the United States, 4–0, giving Italy their second title.
World Group Play-offs.
The four losing teams in the World Group first round ties (China, France, Argentina and Spain), and four winners of the World Group II ties (Slovakia, Germany, Serbia and Ukraine) enter the draw for the World Group Play-offs. Four seeded teams, based on the latest Fed Cup ranking, are drawn against four unseeded teams.
Date: 25–26 April
World Group II.
The World Group II was the second highest level of Fed Cup competition in 2009. Winners advanced to the World Group Play-offs, and losers played in the World Group II Play-offs.
Date: 7–8 February
World Group II Play-offs.
The four losing teams from World Group II (Belgium, Switzerland, Japan, and Israel) will play off against qualifiers from Zonal Group I. Two teams qualified from Europe/Africa Zone (Estonia and Poland), one team from the Asia/Oceania Zone (Australia), and one team from the Americas Zone (Canada).
Date: 25–26 April
Americas Zone.
Group I.
Venue: Uniprix Stadium, Montreal, Canada (indoor hard)
Dates: 4–7 February
Group II.
Venue: Parque del Este, Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic (outdoor hard)
Dates: 21–25 April
Asia/Oceania Zone.
Group I.
Venue: State Tennis Centre, Perth, Australia (outdoor hard)
Dates: 4–7 February
Group II.
Venue: State Tennis Centre, Perth, Australia (outdoor hard)
Dates: 4–6 February
Europe/Africa Zone.
Group I.
Venue: Coral Tennis Club, Tallinn, Estonia (indoor hard)
Dates: 4–7 February
Group II.
Venue: Attaleya Shine Tennis Club, Antalya, Turkey (outdoor hard)
Dates: 21–25 April
Group III.
Venue: Marsa Sports Club, Marsa, Malta (outdoor hard)
Dates: 21–25 April
Rankings.
The rankings were measured after the three points during the year that play took place, and were collated by combining points earned from the previous four years.

</doc>
<doc id="19370963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370963" title="Rahavi Kifouéti">
Rahavi Kifouéti

Rahavi Kifouéti (born 12 March 1989 in Issy-les-Moulineaux) is a French football attacker, currently playing for Vendée Poiré sur Vie.
Career.
He who began his career 2005 with AJ Auxerre, signed after six month without a club, after releasing from Auxerre in July 2008, on 12 December 2008 a contract by ES Wasquehal.

</doc>
<doc id="19370995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19370995" title="Kentucky Council on Postsecondary Education">
Kentucky Council on Postsecondary Education

The Kentucky Council on Postsecondary Education coordinates change and improvement in Kentucky’s postsecondary education system as directed by the Kentucky Postsecondary Education Improvement Act of 1997. The Council is a statewide coordinating agency with sixteen members: fourteen citizens, one faculty member, and one student appointed by the Governor; the Commissioner of Education is an "ex officio" member.
The Council on Postsecondary Education is charged with leading reform efforts envisioned by state policy leaders in HB1. Among its many responsibilities to ensure a well-coordinated and efficient postsecondary and adult education system in Kentucky, the Council: 
The duties of the Council on Postsecondary Education are outlined in the Kentucky Postsecondary Education Improvement Act of 1997, Section 74 through 84 (36K DOC).
History.
The Kentucky Council on Postsecondary Education was originally established in 1934 as the Council on Public Higher Education, and was renamed the Council on Higher Education in 1977. Twenty years later, the Kentucky General Assembly passed higher education reforms in the Commonwealth with the passage of the Postsecondary Education Improvement Act of 1997, commonly referred to as House Bill 1 (HB1). House Bill 1 created the Council on Postsecondary Education to provide direction and oversight to all Kentucky postsecondary institutions. This groundbreaking legislation set Kentucky on the path to improve the quality of life of its citizens to at least the national average by the year 2020. State leaders recognized that to increase quality of life, Kentucky must increase the educational attainment of its citizens, and therefore mandated that by the year 2020, the Commonwealth would have:
1. A seamless, integrated system of postsecondary education strategically planned and adequately funded to enhance economic development and quality of life.
2. A major comprehensive research institution ranked nationally in the top 20 public universities at the University of Kentucky.
3. A premier, nationally recognized metropolitan research university at the University of Louisville.
4. Regional universities, with at least one nationally recognized program of distinction or one nationally recognized applied research program, working cooperatively with other postsecondary institutions to assure statewide access to baccalaureate and master's degreesof a quality at or above the national average.
5. A comprehensive community and technical college system with a mission that assures, in conjunction with other postsecondary institutions, access throughout the Commonwealth to a two-year course of general studies designed for transfer to a baccalaureate program, the training necessary to develop a workforce with the skills to meet the needs of new and existing industries, and remedial and continuing education to improve the employability of citizens.
6. An efficient, responsive, and coordinated system of providers that delivers educational services to all adult citizens in quantities and of a quality that is comparable to the national average or above and significantly elevates the level of education of the adults of the Commonwealth.
These goals were included in the "Kentucky Postsecondary Education Improvement Act of 1997". Goal six was amended with the passage of the "Kentucky Adult Education Act in 2000".
Kentucky's Public Agenda for Postsecondary and Adult Education.
The Council develops a strategic plan for Kentucky's postsecondary and adult education system every four years. After completing a rigorous strategic planning process in 2004 that included nine regional forums across the state, the Council issued "Five Questions - One Mission Better Lives for Kentucky's People: A Public Agenda for Postsecondary and Adult Education, 2005 - 2010 " in September 2005, which guides the work of Kentucky adult and postsecondary education through 2010. The plan emphasizes accountability, degree completion and affordability. At the heart of the public agenda are five questions that serve as the framework for postsecondary education reform in Kentucky. These questions also serve as the framework for key indicators that monitor progress and encourage and reward behaviors that move the state closer to its goals: 
1. Are more Kentuckians ready for postsecondary education? <br>
2. Is postsecondary education affordable to its citizens? <br>
3. Do more Kentuckians have certificates and degrees? <br>
4. Are college graduates prepared for life and work in Kentucky?<br>
5. Are Kentucky's people, communities and economy benefiting?<br>
The public agenda also includes campus action plans for each public postsecondary institution and the Association of Independent Kentucky Colleges and Universities. The Council produces and submits annual accountability reports to the Governor and the Kentucky General Assembly on the postsecondary and adult education systems's progress toward meeting the goals of HB1.
Kentucky's Double the Numbers Plan.
In 2006, the Council completed a 2020 projections study to determine what it would take to meet the educational attainment goals of HB1. The study projected Kentucky will need approximately 800,000 adults with at least a bachelor's degree by 2020 to reach the national average; in 2000, Kentucky had only 400,000.
To meet this goal, the CPE developed Double the Numbers: Kentucky's Plan to Increase College Graduates in October 2007, which explains that increasing bachelor’s degrees is the quickest, most direct way for Kentucky to increase its economic prosperity. The plan includes five statewide strategies as well as a regional approach that sets targets for each strategy in eight regions across the state. The five strategies target Kentuckians at every point of the education pipeline— high school students, GED graduates, adult learners, transfer students as well as traditional college students.
The state's current adult education outreach efforts are focused on a multimedia, multi-year access and success campaign known as KnowHow2GOKy. Returning adults are served through a branch of the awareness campaign known as Project Graduate.
Kentucky Adult Education (KYAE).
The Kentucky Adult Education Act, or Senate Bill 1, passed by the 2000 General Assembly created a partnership between the Council on Postsecondary Education and Kentucky Adult Education and set the stage for dramatic improvements in the educational status of adult Kentuckians who lack a high school diploma, function at low levels of literacy or want to learn English. 
The mission of Kentucky Adult Education (KYAE) is to raise the educational levels of more than one million Kentucky adults with low literacy skills and to assist the nearly 786,000 adults who do not have a high school credential to earn a GED. KYAE’s goal is to help these adults gain the academic skills and credential they need to function productively in the workplace, support themselves and their families and make positive contributions to society and the economy. A local adult education program in every county provides academic instruction in reading, writing, math, science and social studies to help adults improve their literacy skills, earn a GED, prepare for college and employment and learn English as a second language.
The state's current adult education outreach efforts are focused on an access and success campaign known as KnowHow2GOKy.
Kentucky Virtual Campus (KYVC).
The "Kentucky Postsecondary Education Improvement Act of 1997 " also created the Kentucky Virtual Campus (KYVC). When it launched in fall of 1999 as the Commonwealth Virtual University (CVU), it provided a single course catalog for all online courses offered at Kentucky colleges, universities and state agencies and offered student services such as class registration, course management and 24x7 technical support. The CVU was renamed the Kentucky Virtual University in 2000 and enrollments continued to grow. Use of KYVU services grew from less than 300 students in its first semester to 55,964 in the fall of 2005. For the 2005-06 academic year, KYVU received and addressed 50,150 calls and emails through its Call Center and technical help desk services. Even more significant, 28 percent of all students receiving a degree or credential in Kentucky in 2004 - 05 had taken at least one distance learning course supported by KYVU. 
In 2006, KYVU revisited and updated its vision, mission and goals to reflect the changing needs, expectations, and opportunities of its constituencies. After completing an extensive strategic planning effort, the Kentucky Virtual University became the Kentucky Virtual Campus with a new mission: "KYVC serves as a statewide advocate for access to learning through technology, a convener of partners that use resources effectively, and a catalyst for innovation and excellence in eLearning. KYVC continues to provide a single point of access to online learning opportunities offered by Kentucky colleges, universities and state agencies through its online course catalog and 24x7 helpdesk servies, and seeks to promote the convenience and accessibility of online learning through strategic marketing efforts.</ref>
Kentucky Virtual Library (KYVL).
To further support lifelong learning in the Commonwealth, HB1 also created the Kentucky Virtual Library(KYVL). KYVL levels the playing field for all Kentuckians by providing free access to multiple learning and research tools to anyone with a library card. KYVL provides users with the ability to search a number of databases of books and scholarly works, while also providing help on research methods and techniques. KYVL strives to enhance the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of resource sharing among Kentucky libraries by utilizing current and emerging technologies, providing a core collection of digital information resources at lower cost per unit through cooperative statewide licensing agreements. KYVL's mission is to prepare students, faculty and staff of Kentucky's educational institutions and the citizens of the Commonwealth to be full participants in today's information-based global economy and in the lifelong learning process by providing services to develop information literacy. 
As of 2010, KYVL serves 1,478 institutions including eight public universities, all 16 districts of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System (KCTCS), 20 independent colleges and universities, 1,271 public K-12 schools, 118 public libraries, 18 special libraries, 13 special academic institutions and 13 independent K-12 schools. Use of KYVL's online resources has grown steadily and exponentially, from a monthly average of 388,675 database searches in 1999 - 2000 to more than 2 million per month in 2009-10. KYVL's ground courier service delivers materials to participating sites throughout the Commonwealth and is offered to all public libraries and public postsecondary institutions at no cost. The service has saved these public institutions a great deal of cost, delivering 206,367 items and 121,972 bags in 2008-09, an average of 17,197 deliveries per month. KYVL also offers many opportunities for training and tutorials for partner organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="19371005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371005" title="Farø">
Farø

Farø is an island in Denmark, located between the islands Sjælland and Falster. It has an area of 0.93 km² and has a population of four people (2006). Administratively it is part of Vordingborg Municipality.
The Farø Bridges ("Farøbroerne") connect Sjælland with Falster via Farø, on the European Routes E47 and E55 combined. Junction 42 of E55 is located on the western side of Farø. The island is connected by causeway with the islands of Bogø and Møn by route 287 Grønsundvej.

</doc>
<doc id="19371010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371010" title="Partenope (Zumaya)">
Partenope (Zumaya)

Partenope is an opera in three acts by composer Manuel de Zumaya. Zumaya adapted the libretto himself from a Spanish translation of Silvio Stampiglia’s Italian libretto which was first set for performance in Naples during 1699 with music by Luigi Mancia. All told, Stampiglia's libretto was used by a variety of composers for more than a dozen operas that were produced all over Italy, including versions by Leonardo Vinci and George Frideric Handel. Zumaya's version was commissioned by Viceroy Fernando de Alencastre Noroña y Silva and produced at the viceroyal palace in Mexico City on 1 May 1711. The production is the earliest known full opera produced in North America and the first opera written by an American-born composer. However, "Parténope" is not the earliest opera to be performed in the New World, as some sources have reported. That distinction belongs to Tomás de Torrejón y Velasco's "La púrpura de la rosa", which premiered ten years earlier in Lima, Peru. 
"Partenope" may not have been the first stage work by Zumaya that contained music. He had previously written the play "Rodirigo" for the birth of Crown Prince Luis in 1708. It is possible that he may have also composed music for this play. Unfortunately, both the score of Zumaya's opera and any music he may have written for the play has now been lost.
Synopsis.
Background.
Partenope (or Parthenope) appears in Greek mythology and classical literature and art as one of the sirens who taunted Odysseus. One version of the tale depicts her throwing herself into the sea because her love for Odysseus was not returned. She drowns and her body washes up on the shore of Naples, which was called Partenope after her name. From this, Silvio Stampiglia created a fictional account where Partenope appears as the Queen of Naples.
Story.
Prince Arsace and Prince Armindo are seeking Queen Partenope, the founder of the city of Naples, in marriage. Meanwhile, Prince Emilio is at war with Naples and with Partenope. Partenope is primarily attracted to Arsace. However, she does not know that Arsace has previously abandoned Rosmira, who is disguised as a man, named Eurimene, and is trying to win him back. Rosmira, as Eurimene, confronts him and harasses him for his faithlessness, and demands that he keep her true identity secret. Ultimately, Rosmira/Eurimene challenges her lover to a duel in a court of honour, but her identity is revealed when he demands the condition that they fight stripped to the waist.
Analysis.
Stampiglia wrote his libretto just before the beginning of the War of the Spanish Succession, which largely started due to the collapse of complicated negotiations over lands in all parts of Europe, especially in Italy. The story of this libretto reflects the kinds of political intrigues occurring in Italy, Spain, and many other European nations prior to the onset of the War. The story resonated well with audiences of the day becaused they recognized the political confusion as reflective of their times. This is one reason why Zumaya and so many other composers chose to use Stampiglia's libretto during the early eighteenth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19371019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371019" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Clean &amp; Entertainment Film Award">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Clean &amp; Entertainment Film Award

Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19371034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371034" title="Charlee Minkin">
Charlee Minkin

Charlee Minkin (born November 13, 1981, in San Francisco, California) is a female judoka from the United States, who won the silver medal in the women's half lightweight division (– 52 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. She represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19371038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371038" title="Henry Evans">
Henry Evans

Henry Evans may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19371042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371042" title="Sequences Art Festival">
Sequences Art Festival

SEQUENCES Art Festival is held in the capital of Iceland, Reykjavík. Its emphasis is time-based work, performance, sound art, video and music.
Concept.
The aim of the annual independent art festival is to celebrate and exhibit cutting-edge visual art with a special emphasis on art in public/urban spaces. SEQUENCES features time-based art - such as performance, video and sound art - and creates a cross-platform for these art forms as well as music and design.
SEQUENCES is the first art festival in Iceland to focus on visual art alone and is an offspring of the dynamic art scene that thrives in Reykjavík. The festival is a venue for young artists to exhibit their work and connect with foreign artists who work in similar or in the same media.
More than two hundred artists from around the world have participated in the festival. Along with the artist-run galleries, the bigger museums and institutions in Iceland have participated as well: "Reykjavík Art Museum", "i8", "Safn", "Gallery Turpentine" and "The National Museum of Iceland".
For SEQUENCES Art Festival in 2008 (held October 11 to 17) the curatorial board decided to acknowledge renowned artists for their notable contribution to real-time art mediums. The honorary artist of SEQUENCES 2008 was the Icelandic artist "Rúrí".
The fourth SEQUENCES Art Festival will be held in 2009 (October 31 to November 7, 2009). This year's honorary artist will be 80 year old concept art legend Magnús Pálsson. Born in East-Iceland in 1929, Pálsson studied theatre design and art in the early 1950s and became an active participant in Iceland's embryonic avant-garde, collaborating with alternative theatre groups as well as with other artists such as Dieter Roth and later the SÚM-group of young artists that formed in 1965. International and Icelandic artists will come together for various projects but a special focus will be on live events this year.
History.
SEQUENCES was initiated in Reykjavík in 2006 at first by artist Bryndís Hrönn Ragnarsdóttir, at the time the director of the board of the Living Art Museum and Christian Schoen the director of the Center for Icelandic Art at the time. The festival was founded by four artist-run galleries: "The Living Art Museum", "Kling & Bang Gallery", "The Dwarf Gallery" and "Gallery Bananananas" (closed since 2007)—as well as the Center for Icelandic Art (CIA.IS). For the first time, the SEQUENCES Festival took place in different locations in the city center of Reykjavík, accompanied by exhibitions and video / film nights. A total of 140 participants from 20 different countries showed their artwork at the festival.
External links.
Official festival website
Main board
Press review

</doc>
<doc id="19371048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371048" title="Harold Evans (disambiguation)">
Harold Evans (disambiguation)

Harold Evans may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19371050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371050" title="Thierry Audel">
Thierry Audel

Thierry Gerard Audel (born 15 January 1987) is a French footballer who plays as a defender for League One side Crewe Alexandra.
He has played in France, Italy and England (also spending a brief time on the books of Slovenian club Izola). A reserve team player at AJ Auxerre, he spent three years at Italian side Triestina from 2007 to 2010, and also played on loan at San Marino, before moving on to Pisa. He moved to England in January 2013 to play for Macclesfield Town, before signing with Crewe Alexandra five months later.
Career.
Audel played for the reserves of Auxerre before moving to the Italian Serie B club U.S. Triestina Calcio in 2007 via MNK Izola (a pure transfer trick or allegedly false accounting). He played two Serie B games for Triestina in the 2007–08 season, and spent the 2008–09 season in the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione for San Marino, making 31 appearances.
Audel had an unsuccessful trial at Portsmouth in summer 2009. He moved to A.C. Pisa 1909 of the Lega Pro Prima Divisione in mid-2010. He made eight appearances in the 2010–11 season and played 23 matches in the 2011–12 campaign.
He had a trial with Conference National club Luton Town in December 2012. The following month he signed a deal with Steve King's Macclesfield Town. He played 20 games for the "Silkmen" in the latter half of the 2012–13 season, putting in a number of impressive displays. He did, however, give away a penalty in a 1–0 defeat to Premier League side Wigan Athletic at Moss Rose on 26 January after mistiming a tackle on Callum McManaman.
He signed a two-year contract with League One side Crewe Alexandra in June 2013 after manager Steve Davis paid Macclesfield an undisclosed fee.
Style of play.
Audel is a defender who can play at centre-back and at right-back. His agent described him as a "strong and powerful defender who's good on the ball".

</doc>
<doc id="19371058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371058" title="Psychiatric Genetics (journal)">
Psychiatric Genetics (journal)

Psychiatric Genetics is a bimonthly medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins within the field of psychiatric genetics. It is abstracted and indexed in Medline/PubMed, BIOSIS Previews and the Science Citation Index Expanded. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.365.

</doc>
<doc id="19371065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371065" title="Ellen Wilson (judoka)">
Ellen Wilson (judoka)

Ellen Bernice Wilson (born January 8, 1976 in Salinas, California) is a female judoka from the United States, who won the silver medal in the women's lightweight division (– 57 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. She represented her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000 in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19371081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371081" title="Bucks County Classic">
Bucks County Classic

The Bucks County Classic (Univest GP) is a professional bicycle road race contested in the region surrounding the borough of Souderton in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. The event, which was founded in 1998 by former professional cyclist John Eustice, is sanctioned by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) – the world governing body of competitive cycling.
In addition to the main event, a 160 km road race that finishes with multiple laps on a circuit in Souderton, the Univest GP has expanded to include a non-competitive 100 km Recreational ride known as the Univest Cyclosportif 100K and the Univest Criterium of Doylestown, Pennsylvania.
The race is noteworthy not just for its sanctioning by the UCI (making it one of only 13 such events held for men in the United States in 2008), but also for its course, which passes through 16 municipalities. This type of large-circuit road race has become extremely rare in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19371086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371086" title="Dissemination">
Dissemination

To disseminate (from lat. "disseminare" "scattering seeds"), in terms of the field of communication, means to broadcast a message to the public without direct feedback from the audience. 
Meaning.
Dissemination takes on the theory of the traditional view of communication, which involves a sender and receiver. The traditional communication view point is broken down into a sender sending information, and receiver collecting the information processing it and sending information back, like a telephone line.
With dissemination, only half of this communication model theory is applied. The information is sent out and received, but no reply is given. The message carrier sends out information, not to one individual, but many in a broadcasting system. An example of this transmission of information is in fields of advertising, public announcements and speeches. Another way to look at dissemination is that of which it derives from the Latin roots, the scattering of seeds. These seeds are metaphors for voice or words: to spread voice, words, and opinion to an audience.
Usage.
Dissemination can be powerful when adding rhetoric or other forms of persuasiveness to the speech. According to John Durham Peters, who wrote "Communication as Dissemination," "making a public offering is perhaps the most basic of all communicative acts, but once the seeds are cast, their harvest is never assured... The metaphor of dissemination points to the contingency of all words and deeds, their uncertain consequences, and their governance by probabilities rather than certainties." In other words, dissemination of words to multiple people can take on multiple meanings to each individual depending on the experience, the attitude, the knowledge, the race or even the gender of the listener. All of these aspects can distort the message that the sender is disseminating towards the public. Depending on the circumstances, the surroundings and the environment the listener is receiving this message in can also have an effect on the outcome of the meaning of the message received. This interference is also known as "Noise" in the traditional model of communication theory. Noise can distort the original meaning of a message.
Furthermore, John Durham Peters explains that "broadcasting information to an open ended destination is a feature of all speech. The metaphor of dissemination directs our attention to those vast continents of signification that are not directly interactive." Dissemination basically sends information to an audience, without direct contact to the receiver, and without a direct response or clarification method that a conversation or dialogue would have. 
In policy development, mainstreaming is seen as going a step further than disssemination, in that it tries to embed change in policy and practice, rather than just publishing information.

</doc>
<doc id="19371101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371101" title="Jeffery Wood">
Jeffery Wood

Jeffery Wood (born December 22, 1986), also known as J-Dub, is an American actor, rapper, producer, and entrepreneur. He is best known for his role as Austin Warren during the first two seasons of the 1990s sitcom, "In the House".
Acting career.
Starting at the age of 5, Jeffery made his on-screen debut in commercials and guest starring television roles. In 1994, Jeff landed a role in the Vivian Beaumont Theater revival of Carousel. After a year with the production, he landed his first major television role as 'Austin' in the NBC sitcom "In the House". Jeff spent the first two seasons with the show before creative changes hit when the series moved to UPN.
He has also made appearances on several popular series, including "New York Undercover", "The Parent 'Hood", "Strong Medicine" and had a contract role as Jimmy Harrison on NBC's soap opera "Sunset Beach" from 1997-1999.
Music career.
In his early to mid teens Jeff made a transition into hip hop under the name J-Dub. He spent many years writing, producing, and recording music for himself and many other artists. In 2009, J-Dub joined forces with another rapper to form the group Crown Holders. After spending a few years in Crown Holders, Jeff returned to a solo career and, after the release of his popular 2012 mixtape "The Captain", he plans to release his next album in 2013.
Business ventures.
RapRise.com.
In 2011, Jeff set his sights on the web world. Noticing the void in unsigned hip hop promotion online, he created and runs what is now one of the leading resources for the unsigned demographic, RapRise.com. Being an artist himself, he wanted to create an unbiased home for unsigned talent to be able to shine and spread their music. Jeff is very passionate about the culture and the message that it provides.
In less than one year, RapRise.com became the number 1 blog site for unsigned hip hop. Unlike most sites that feature a mixture of unsigned and major label artists, RapRise chooses to remain strict on its unsigned requirements. In 2012, the site began hosting live artist showcases featuring performances from some of the top artists on their site. RapRise currently features more than 2,000 artists on its site, and is growing daily.
Puzzle Man Films.
In 2013, Jeff created the film production company Puzzle Man. Focused on original and creative content, Puzzle Man has several projects in the works, including television, film, and web content. Jeff has a hand in directing, screenwriting, acting, and day to day production.
External links.
A

</doc>
<doc id="19371114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371114" title="Michelle Izmaylov">
Michelle Izmaylov

Michelle Izmaylov (born March 30, 1991 in Los Angeles, California) is a writer of fantasy-fiction books for young adults and the author of the bestseller "Dream Saver". She is a medical student who currently attends the Vanderbilt School of Medicine as a Cornelius Vanderbilt Scholar after graduating from Emory University in May 2013 with a BS degree (having double majored in Chemistry and Biology).
Izmaylov, a first-generation Russian American, lives in Atlanta, Georgia and graduated from Alpharetta High School in 2009. In 2008, she was selected as a member of 21st Century Leader's 20 Under 20. In May 2009, she joined FutureWord Publishing as Editor of Science-Fiction, Fantasy and Futuristic novels. In May 2011, she also joined World Castle Publications as a book illustrator. Her illustrated titles include "Squazles!" and "Dart and the Squirrels". Her latest work, the novella "Ricochet", was published in June 2013.
Izmaylov also has a sister named Nicole Izmaylov, who has published two books to date ("Ronnie and BB" (2009) and "The Dracian Dance" (2010)). She won the 2010 Georgia Author of the Year Award (GAYA) for "Ronnie and BB".

</doc>
<doc id="19371115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371115" title="Multilink striping">
Multilink striping

Multilink striping is a type of data striping used in telecommunications to achieve higher throughput or increase the resilience of a network connection by data aggregation over multiple network links simultaneously.
Multipath routing and multilink striping are often used synonymously. However, there are some differences. When applied to end-hosts, multilink striping requires multiple physical interfaces and access to multiple networks at once. On the other hand, multiple routing paths can be obtained with a single end-host interface, either within the network, or, in case of a wireless interface and multiple neighboring nodes, at the end-host itself.

</doc>
<doc id="19371117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371117" title="Bobby Mason">
Bobby Mason

Robert Henry "Bobby" Mason (born 22 March 1936) is an English former professional footballer, who played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers, where he spent the majority of his league career, and for Leyton Orient.
Career.
Mason was signed up by his local club Wolverhampton Wanderers as a youngster and turned professional in 1954. He spent time in the reserves and youth ranks - playing in the - before he finally made his league debut on 5 November 1955 in a 1–5 defeat at Luton. 
He made only a handful of appearances until the departure of Dennis Wilshaw in December 1957 opened the door for him. He took his chance and scored 10 goals during the remainder of the 1957–58 season to help Wolves win the league title. He continued his form the following year as he scored 13 times en route to a second successive championship. 
The 1959–60 season brought his best seasonal tally - 15 goals - but the club missed out on a third successive title by a single point. He also netted four times during their European Cup campaign that year, but missed out playing in the 1960 FA Cup Final when he lost his place on the eve of the game to Barry Stobart.
After two more modest goalscoring seasons, he left Molineux in June 1962. He initially dropped into the non-league with Chelmsford City but returned to the Football League for the 1963–64 season with Leyton Orient. He later had brief spells with Poole Town and Parley Sports before retiring from the game in 1965.
Today, he resides in Swadlincote, Derbyshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19371120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371120" title="Naomi Campbell">
Naomi Campbell

Naomi Campbell (born 22 May 1970) is a British model. Discovered at the age of 15, she established herself among the top three most recognizable and in-demand models of the late 1980s and the 1990s, and she was one of six models of her generation declared ":supermodels" by the fashion world. Her personal life is widely reported, particularly her relationships with prominent men—including boxer Mike Tyson and actor Robert De Niro—and several highly publicised convictions for assault.
Early life.
Campbell was born in Streatham, South London, the daughter of Jamaican-born dancer Valerie Morris. In accordance with her mother's wishes, Campbell has never met her father, who abandoned her mother when she was four months pregnant and was unnamed on her birth certificate. She took on the surname Campbell from her mother's second marriage. Her half-brother, Pierre, was born in 1985. Campbell is of African-Jamaican descent, as well as of Chinese Jamaican ancestry through her paternal grandmother, who carried the family name Ming.
During her early years, Campbell lived in Rome, where her mother worked as a modern dancer. Following their return to London, she was left in the care of relatives while her mother travelled across Europe with the dance troupe Fantastica. From the age of three, Campbell attended the Barbara Speake Stage School, and at ten years old, she was accepted into the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts, where she studied ballet.
Career.
1978–86: Career beginnings.
Campbell's first public appearance came at the age of seven, in 1978, when she was featured in the music video for Bob Marley's "Is This Love". At the age of twelve, she tap-danced in the music video for Culture Club's "I'll Tumble 4 Ya". In 1986, while still a student of the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts, Campbell was scouted by Beth Boldt, head of the Synchro model agency, while window-shopping in Covent Garden. Her career quickly took off—in April, just before her sixteenth birthday, she appeared on the cover of British "Elle".
1987–97: International success.
Over the next few years, Campbell's success grew steadily: she walked the runway for such designers as Gianni Versace, Azzedine Alaïa, and Isaac Mizrahi, and posed for such photographers as Peter Lindbergh, Herb Ritts, and Bruce Weber. By the late 1980s, Campbell, with Christy Turlington and Linda Evangelista, formed a trio known as the "Trinity", who became the most recognisable and in-demand models of their generation.
When faced with discrimination, Campbell received support from her friends; she later quoted Turlington and Evangelista as telling Dolce & Gabbana, "If you don't use Naomi, you don't get us." In December 1987, she appeared on the cover of British "Vogue", as that publication's first black cover girl since 1966. In August 1988, she became the first black model to appear on the cover of French "Vogue", after her friend and mentor, designer Yves St. Laurent, threatened to withdraw his advertising from the magazine if it continued to refuse to place black models on its cover. The following year, she appeared on the cover of American "Vogue", which marked the first time a black model graced the front of the September issue, traditionally the year's biggest and most important issue.
In January 1990, Campbell, who was declared "the reigning megamodel of them all" by "Interview", appeared with Christy Turlington, Linda Evangelista, Cindy Crawford, and Tatjana Patitz on an iconic cover of British "Vogue", shot by Peter Lindbergh. The group was subsequently cast to star in the music video for George Michael's "Freedom! '90". By then, Campbell, Turlington, Evangelista, Crawford, and Claudia Schiffer formed an elite group of models declared "supermodels" by the fashion industry. With the addition of newcomer Kate Moss, they were collectively known as the "Big Six".
In March 1991, in a defining moment of the so-called supermodel era, Campbell walked the runway for Versace with Turlington, Evangelista, and Crawford, arm-in-arm and lip-synching the words to "Freedom! '90". Later that year, she starred as Michael Jackson's love interest in the music video for "In the Closet". In April 1992, she posed with several other top models for the hundredth-anniversary cover of American "Vogue", shot by Patrick Demarchelier. That same year, she appeared in Madonna's controversial book "Sex", in a set of nude photos with Madonna and rapper Big Daddy Kane.
In 1993, Campbell twice appeared on the cover of American "Vogue"; in April, alongside Christy Turlington, Claudia Schiffer, Stephanie Seymour, and Helena Christensen, and again, solo, in June. She famously fell on the runway in Vivienne Westwood's foot-high platform shoes, which were later displayed at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London. Despite her success, however, Elite Model Management, which had represented Campbell since 1987, fired her in September, on the grounds that "no amount of money or prestige could further justify the abuse" to staff and clients. Elite founder John Casablancas described her as "manipulative, scheming, rude, and impossible."
In the mid-1990s, Campbell branched out into other areas of the entertainment industry. Her novel "Swan", about a supermodel dealing with blackmail, was released in 1994. Writing for "The New York Times", Alex Kuczynski noted its poor critical reception, calling the book "truly awful". It was ghostwritten by Caroline Upcher, with Campbell explaining that she "just did not have the time to sit down and write a book." That same year, she released her album "babywoman", which was named after designer Rifat Ozbek's nickname for Campbell. Produced by Youth and Tim Simenon, the album was commercially successful in Japan, although it did not receive much attention elsewhere. It failed to reach the top 75 on the UK charts, and its only single, "Love and Tears", reached No. 40. In 1995, along with fellow models Claudia Schiffer, Christy Turlington, and Elle Macpherson, Campbell invested in a chain of restaurants called the Fashion Cafe; the venture was on the edge of bankruptcy by 1998. During this time, Campbell also had small roles in "Miami Rhapsody" and Spike Lee's "Girl 6", as well as a recurring role on the second season of "New York Undercover".
1998–present.
In 1998, "Time" declared the end of the supermodel era. By then, Campbell had mostly retired from the runway, but she continued print modelling. In 1999, she signed her first cosmetics contract with Cosmopolitan Cosmetics, a division of Wella, through which she launched several signature fragrances. In November of that year, she posed with twelve other top models for the "Modern Muses" cover of the Millennium Issue of American "Vogue", shot by Annie Leibovitz. The following month, she appeared in a white string bikini and furs on the cover of "Playboy". In October 2001, she appeared with rapper Sean "Puff Daddy" Combs on the cover of British "Vogue", with the headline "Naomi and Puff: The Ultimate Power Duo".
After more than two decades as a model, Campbell was still in demand. In 2007, she walked the runway for Dior's sixtieth-anniversary fashion show at Versailles. In July 2008, she appeared with fellow black models Liya Kebede, Sessilee Lopez, and Jourdan Dunn on the gatefold cover of a landmark all-black issue of Italian "Vogue", shot by Steven Meisel. In September of that year, Campbell reunited with Christy Turlington, Linda Evangelista, Cindy Crawford, Claudia Schiffer, and Stephanie Seymour for "A League of Their Own", a "Vanity Fair" feature on the supermodel legacy.
In 2011, Campbell appeared with Liya Kebede and Iman on the cover of the fortieth-anniversary issue of "Essence". She also starred as Duran Duran frontman Simon Le Bon in the band's music video for "Girl Panic!", with Cindy Crawford, Helena Christensen, Eva Herzigova, and Yasmin Le Bon portraying the other band members; they appeared in the November edition of British "Harper's Bazaar" in an editorial titled "The Supers vs. Duran Duran".
Campbell performed with Kate Moss and other supermodels in the closing ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games, where they modelled haute couture to represent British fashion. Campbell wore a design by Alexander McQueen—a staggered hem gown with a train speckled with flecks of gold. In 2013, she served as a coach and judge—along with Karolina Kurkova and Coco Rocha—on Oxygen's modelling competition reality show "The Face", hosted by photographer Nigel Barker. Campbell is set to star in a British version of "The Face", which will air on Sky Living in late 2013.
Activism and charity work.
Despite her status as the most famous black model of her time, Campbell never earned the same volume of advertising assignments as her white colleagues, and she was not signed by a cosmetics company until as late as 1999. In 1991, she revealed, "I may be considered one of the top models in the world, but in no way do I make the same money as any of them." Throughout her career, Campbell has been outspoken against the racial bias that exists in the fashion industry. In 1997, she stated, "There is prejudice. It is a problem and I can't go along any more with brushing it under the carpet. This business is about selling, and blonde and blue-eyed girls are what sells." A decade later, she again spoke out against discrimination, stating, "The American president may be black, but as a black woman, I am still an exception in this business. I always have to work harder to be treated equally." In 2013, Campbell joined fellow black models Iman and Bethann Hardison in an advocacy group called "Diversity Coalition". In an open letter to the governing bodies of global fashion weeks, they named high-profile designers who used just one or no models of color in their fall 2013 shows, calling it a "racist act". 
Campbell is involved with several charitable causes. She supports the Nelson Mandela Children's Fund, for which she organised a benefit Versace fashion show in 1998. Held at Nelson Mandela's South African presidential residence, the show was the subject of a documentary titled "FashionKingdom", or alternatively, "Naomi Conquers Africa". Campbell, whose mother has battled breast cancer, also supports Breakthrough Breast Cancer. In 2004, she was featured on FHM's charity single "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy?", as well as in the accompanying music video, of which all profits were donated to Breakthrough. She appeared in a print and media campaign for the charity's fundraising initiative Fashion Targets Breast Cancer, and she opened a Breakthrough breast cancer research unit in 2009.
In 2005, Campbell founded the charity We Love Brazil, which aims to raise awareness and funds to fight poverty in Brazil through the sale of fabrics made by local women. That same year, Campbell founded the charity Fashion for Relief, which has organised fund-raising fashion shows to benefit victims of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the India terrorist attacks in 2009, the Haiti earthquake in 2010, and the Japan earthquake in 2011. By 2011, Fashion for Relief had reportedly raised £4.5 million. In 2012, the charity teamed up with YOOX China and leading global and Chinese fashion designers, including Phillip Lim and Masha Ma, to design Chinese-themed T-shirts to help fund its efforts and the various international charities it works with. Since 2007, Campbell has been the honorary president of Athla Onlus, an Italian organisation that works to further the social integration of young people with learning disabilities. In 2009, Campbell became a goodwill ambassador for the White Ribbon Alliance for Safe Motherhood. She has since joined the charity's patron, Sarah Brown, the wife of former British prime minister Gordon Brown, on several missions to promote maternal health.
Campbell has received recognition for her charitable work. In 2007, she was named an ambassador of Rio de Janeiro by mayor Cesar Maia in recognition of her efforts to fight poverty in Brazil. In 2009, she was awarded Honorary Patronage of Trinity College's University Philosophical Society for her charitable and professional work. In 2010, Sarah Brown presented her with an "Outstanding Contribution" award from British "Elle" for her work as an ambassador for the White Ribbon Alliance, as well as her work in the fashion industry.
Personal life.
Campbell, who has never met her biological father, regards record producers Quincy Jones and Chris Blackwell as adopted father figures. Former South African president Nelson Mandela referred to Campbell as his "honorary granddaughter". She first met Mandela in November 1994, after his party, the African National Congress, invited her to travel to South Africa to meet with their leader. She had previously donated the proceeds from a photo shoot in Tanzania to the ANC. Over the years, Campbell has lent support to many of Mandela's political campaigns and humanitarian causes.
Campbell has never married. She dated boxer Mike Tyson in the late 1980s, followed by an on-again-off-again relationship with actor Robert De Niro in the early 1990s. In 1993, she became engaged to U2 bassist Adam Clayton. They met in February of that year, after Clayton, when asked in an interview if there was anything in the world he desired but did not have, responded: "A date with Naomi Campbell". Campbell and Clayton separated the following year. She then dated dancer Joaquín Cortés in the mid to late 1990s. In 1998, she became engaged to Formula One racing head Flavio Briatore; they were involved in an on-again-off-again relationship until their separation in 2003. Campbell now considers Briatore her "mentor". She dated businessman Badr Jafar in the mid-2000s. In 2008, Campbell began a relationship with Russian businessman Vladislav Doronin; they separated in 2013 after five years together.
In 1999, Campbell entered rehab after a five-year addiction to cocaine. Of her choice, in 1994, to first use the drug, Campbell said in 2005, "I was having fun. I was living this life of travelling the world and having people just give you anything. the little glow in your face goes...It's a very nasty drug." In 2002, Campbell successfully claimed a breach of confidence against the "Daily Mirror", after the newspaper published a report of her drug addiction, including a photograph of her leaving a Narcotics Anonymous meeting. The High Court ordered £3,500 in damages from the "Daily Mirror". Later that year the ruling was overturned by the Court of Appeal, which ordered Campbell to pay the newspaper's £350,000 legal costs, but in 2004 the House of Lords reinstated the High Court ruling and damages.
In August 2010, Campbell made a highly publicised appearance at a war crimes trial against former Liberian president Charles Taylor at the Special Court for Sierra Leone in Leidschendam. She was called to give evidence on a "blood diamond" she allegedly received from Taylor during a Nelson Mandela Children's Fund function in 1997. Campbell initially refused to testify, and—after being subpoenaed—told the court that being there was "a big inconvenience" for her. She testified that she was given "dirty-looking" stones late at night by two unidentified men, and claimed she did not know the diamonds had originated from Taylor until being told so the next morning by a fellow attendee, actress Mia Farrow. However, her account was contradicted by testimonies from Farrow, her former agent Carole White, and former Children's Fund director Jeremy Ratcliffe.
Assault cases.
Between 1998 and 2008, Campbell was accused ten times of committing acts of violence against employees, associates, and, in one instance, police officers. During the first such case, heard in 2000, Campbell pleaded guilty in Toronto to assaulting her personal assistant Georgina Galanis with a mobile phone. Campbell paid Galanis an undisclosed sum and agreed to attend anger management classes; her record was cleared in exchange for her expressing remorse. By 2006, eight other employees and associate had come forward with claims of abuse. During this time, Campbell was photographed wearing a Chip and Pepper T-shirt that read "Naomi Hit Me...and I Loved It".
In 2007, Campbell pleaded guilty in New York to assaulting her former housekeeper Ana Scolavino, who had accused Campbell of throwing a BlackBerry personal organiser at her. Campbell was sentenced to pay Scolavino's medical expenses, attend an anger management program, and perform five days of community service with New York's sanitation department. She attended her community service wearing designer outfits, including fedoras, furs, and—upon completion of her sentence—a silver sequined Dolce & Gabbana gown. Campbell detailed her community service experience in a "W" feature titled "The Naomi Diaries", in which she wrote, "I keep on sweeping. I'm getting very protective of my pile of rubbish—kind of the way I feel about my Hermès handbag." That same year, Campbell settled lawsuits brought by actress and former friend Yvonne Sciò and her former assistant Amanda Brack. Sciò claimed Campbell had assaulted her physically and verbally during an altercation at a Rome hotel, while Brack accused Campbell of slapping and beating her with a BlackBerry. Campbell subsequently spoofed herself in a Dunkin' Donuts commercial, directed by Zach Braff, which showed her breaking her heel while gardening and throwing it through a window.
In 2008, Campbell pleaded guilty to assaulting two police officers at London Heathrow Airport. She had spat at the officers following an argument about her lost luggage. Campbell was sentenced to 200 hours of community service and fined $4,600. She was banned for life from British Airways. The following year, Campbell settled the lawsuit brought by her former maid Gaby Gibson, who claimed Campbell had hit her and called her names.

</doc>
<doc id="19371127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371127" title="Amy Cotton">
Amy Cotton

Amy Cotton (born January 22, 1980 in Antigonish, Nova Scotia) is a female judoka from Canada, who won the bronze medal in the women's half heavyweight division (– 78 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. She represented Canada at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece and the 2012 Summer Olympics i London, United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19371136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371136" title="Nagle College">
Nagle College

Nagle College is a Catholic Secondary School in Bairnsdale in the East Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.
Background and Location.
Nagle College is a Catholic Regional College, established in 1958 to provide a Catholic Secondary Education for the families in the parishes of East Gippsland.
The College was founded by the Presentation Sisters who provided the leadership of the College until 1975. They named the school after their patron Nano Nagle. Mr Rod Nicholson was Principal from 1976 until 1988. The Salesians of Don Bosco took responsibility for the College in 1990.
From its beginnings in Francis Street the school has grown and developed, including moving to the current site on the western edge of the town in 1979.
House system.
There are Seven different houses that exist at Nagle College. Bosco house is the newest house, added in the late 1990s when student numbers increased. 
The houses are as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="19371148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371148" title="Science Picnic">
Science Picnic

The Science Picnic is Europe's largest outdoor science-popularization event organized jointly by Polish Radio and the Copernicus Science Centre. It has been held every year since 1997 in Warsaw's New Town Square and Podzamcze area, since 2010 in Marszałek Rydz-Śmigły Square. A wide range of research fields are represented at the Picnic, including the hard, natural, and social sciences together with the humanities. Research and teaching institutions from Poland and abroad reveal here behind-the-scenes aspects of their work and present science in ways accessible to visitors of various ages, using hands-on experiments and interactive exhibits. 
The Science Picnic was commended by the European Commission in 2005 as one of 10 model European projects in the "Science and Society" field. The event has served as the inspiration for many other popular science initiatives, including the Copernicus Science Centre in Warsaw.
History.
The first Science Picnic (as Science Picnic of Polish Radio BIS) held on 14 June 1997 at the New Town. Seventeen research and teaching institutions form Warsaw took part in it. Picnic was visited by over 3000 people. In subsequent years, the number of participating institutions and visitors grew rapidly. In 2006 around 150 thousand people came to Picnic and 170 institutions form Poland and abroad participated in it, in 2008 – 217 institutions. Since 2008 Science Picnic is organized jointly by Polish Radio and the Copernicus Science Centre.
Participating institutions.
Each year the Science Picnic is participated in by institutions from Poland and abroad (including from Belgium, Bulgaria, China, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Egypt, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Lebanon, Lithuania, Morocco, Mexico, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Switzerland, Sweden, USA).

</doc>
<doc id="19371158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371158" title="Snell">
Snell

Snell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19371162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371162" title="Kelly Ripa">
Kelly Ripa

Kelly Maria Ripa (born October 2, 1970) is an American actress, talk show host, and television producer. Ripa, who played Hayley Vaughan on the television soap opera "All My Children" from 1990–2002, is best known as co-host of the popular syndicated morning talk show "Live! with Kelly and Michael". She is also known for her role as Faith Fairfield on "Hope & Faith". Additionally, Ripa and her husband Mark Consuelos own a New York based production company, Milojo.
In 2012, "The Hollywood Reporter" named her one of the Most Powerful People in Media.
Early life.
Ripa was born in Stratford, New Jersey, the daughter of Esther, a homemaker, and Joseph Ripa, a labor-union president and bus driver. She has a younger sister, Linda, who is a children's book author. She is of Italian and Irish descent. Her father has been the Democratic County Clerk for Camden County, New Jersey since June 2009. She is the first in her family to enter the acting profession. She has studied ballet since age three, plays the piano, and, in her words, is "no Barbra Streisand," but can carry a tune.
Ripa graduated from Eastern High School in Voorhees Township, New Jersey, where she became a cheerleader and was later encouraged by her drama teacher to pursue acting. "I owe so much of my career to Jim Beckley," she said. "He thought I was a natural performer and so he gave me the lead in the next show." She starred in local theatre productions and was discovered while performing in the comedy play "The Ugly Duckling" (c. 1941), by A.A. Milne, during her senior year. She attended Camden County College studying psychology, but dropped out and moved to New York City to be an actress.
Television career.
"Dancin' on Air, Dance Party USA" and "All My Children".
Aside from local TV gigs, Ripa's first national television exposure came in 1986 when she appeared as a regular dancer on "Dancin' On Air", leading into Dance Party USA". Her career goal at the time was to be a newscaster and she often did the cast news reports.
Ripa was cast in her first major acting role in 1990 as Hayley Vaughan, a troubled party girl, on "All My Children". She concluded her 12-year stint in 2002, but returned for two episodes in 2010 to help celebrate the soap opera's 40th anniversary.
"Live!".
After co-host Kathie Lee Gifford's final show on "Live! with Regis and Kathie Lee", Regis Philbin began holding on-air auditions to find her replacement. In his autobiography, "How I Got This Way", Philbin says of discovering Ripa:
There was one guest we'd had on with us a few years before who had certain sparkle. Hers was a natural, quick-witted, unaffected, confident, fun-loving kind of sparkle that both Gelman and I remembered very well. We decided to invite her back, this time to consider her as a possible co-host. So that was when this smiling, petite ball of fire named Kelly Ripa made her return to "Live!" for a test run at the rotating, up-for-grabs hot seat to my left. And my God, who knew what spontaneous combustion we'd make together?
On the day of Ripa's initial "Live! with Regis" tryout, November 1, 2000, psychic Char Margolis was among the guests. During this segment, Margolis guessed that Ripa was pregnant with her second child. Ripa replied, "I haven't told my boss yet!" Philbin later said that Ripa was first among the potential candidates including Jane Krakowski, Valerie Bertinelli, Dolly Parton, and Bernadette Peters: "could only be Kelly. We knew that from her memorable debut onward." Ripa was announced as official replacement on February 5, 2001. Within months, the renamed "Live! with Regis and Kelly"'s young-audience demographics increased by 80 percent with Ripa credited for bringing "a new life to the show."
The chemistry between Philbin and Ripa (or "Pippa" as he nicknamed her), their banter, interviews, and conversations about their families, personal lives, and New York City attracted a successful, strong, and loyal viewership averaging 6 million viewers daily. In January 2011, Philbin, 80, announced that he would be retiring from "Live!" at the end of the year. His final show aired Friday, November 18, 2011, during which Ripa tearfully reminisced about her first day, the 43 steps they walked together from her dressing room onto set each day for 11 years, and how those 43 steps changed her life. "Thank you for everything! It's been just great my Pippa," Philbin told her in an embrace. Ripa responded, "Thank you for everything. I love you." "I love you, too," said Philbin.
Ripa replaced Philbin as the head of the show and returned the following Monday, November 21, 2011, to continue the show, which was re-titled "Live! with Kelly". In a process similar to the one in which she was selected to replace Gifford, a rotating lineup of co-hosts auditioned on-air with Ripa to take over her former co-hosting duties, including: Michael Strahan, Seth Meyers, Josh Groban, Nick Lachey, Neil Patrick Harris, Chris Harrison, Jerry O'Connell, Joel McHale, Carrie Ann Inaba, Bryant Gumbel, Jerry Seinfeld, Mike Greenberg, Dan Abrams, Martin Short, Howie Mandel, Pat Kiernan, Jesse Palmer, D.L. Hughley, Derek Hough, Sam Champion, Taye Diggs, Ben Mulroney, Kevin Jonas, Randy Jackson, Michael Bublé, Peter Facinelli, Rob Lowe, Dana Carvey, Reggie Bush, and Mario Lopez. In the end, Strahan was announced as the new co-host and "Live! with Kelly and Michael" premiered September 4, 2012.
"Live!" won its first Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Talk Show on June 23, 2012.
"Hope & Faith".
Ripa ventured into primetime in September 2003 on "Hope & Faith", playing Faith Fairfield, an unemployed ex-soap star. The half-hour sitcom, co-starring Faith Ford, Ted McGinley, and Megan Fox, gave ABC its best Friday premiere score since 1996. The show ended in May 2006 with Ripa declaring she "never wanted to work that hard again."
Film career.
Best known for her television work, Ripa also has several feature films to her credit. She appeared in the acclaimed Miramax feature "Marvin's Room" in 1996 alongside Meryl Streep and Leonardo DiCaprio. In 1999, she won the Best Actress Award at the New York International Independent Film and Video Festival for her work in "The Stand-In". Most recently, she was part of the voice cast of the computer-generated animated feature "Fly Me to the Moon".
Other ventures.
Spokesperson.
Named among "People'"s Most Intriguing People and one the Most Powerful People in Media according to "The Hollywood Reporter", Ripa serves as a valuable and successful spokesperson for several companies. In the past, she has partnered with Tide, 7 Up, Pantene, and TD Bank, but currently works primarily with Electrolux and Rykä.
Rykä announced Ripa as the spokesperson for the brand's footwear and sporting apparel in 2008. Showcasing her commitment to an active, healthy lifestyle; Ripa oversees the design of her own fitness-inspired active wear line, The Kelly Ripa Collection.
Ripa stars in the Electrolux television and print advertising, and her image is used on point of sale materials and extensively online. Tom Coulman of Electrolux says "Her dynamic personality and on-the-go lifestyle really resonate and create a powerful brand connection."
Charity.
Ripa is a supporter of the ovarian cancer cause, and has teamed with Electrolux to raise funds for The Ovarian Cancer Research Fund. Every summer, she hosts an event called Super Saturday, a day long fundraising event. 2011's event raised over $3.5 million for OCRF. Ripa attributes her dedication to the experience of losing a friend to ovarian cancer. In 2001, she appeared on a celebrity version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?", hosted by Philbin. She won $250,000 for Tomorrow's Children's Fund, a non-profit organization dedicated to speeding the healing of children with cancer and serious blood disorders.
Ripa is also an active participant in Mothers Against Drunk Driving. According to Ripa, her involvement with MADD is motivated by her sister, Linda, who was almost killed by a drunk driver in 1999.
Production company.
In 2007, Ripa and her husband Mark Consuelos founded Milojo, the highly successful SoHo-based production company. It began with the Emmy-nominated feature documentary "The Streak", which told the story of a Florida high school wrestling team with a 34-year winning streak. It premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2008. In addition, Milojo launched a first look development deal with Discovery Channel for non-scripted series' including "Homemade Millionaire", hosted by Ripa, and the docu-series "Masters of Reception". Their next film, "Off the Rez", was also accepted to the Tribeca Film Festival and premiered on TLC in May 2011. In 2012, the company premiered its first short film, a collaboration with Will Ferrell's "Funny or Die" entitled "The Bensonhurst Spelling Bee" featuring Ripa, Consuelos, and their son, Michael. The video went viral and quickly exceeded 1,000,000 views.
Personal life.
On the set of "All My Children", Ripa met Mark Consuelos — newly hired to play her onscreen lover Mateo Santos. After dating for a year, Ripa and Consuelos eloped in Las Vegas on May 1, 1996. On June 2, 1997, they welcomed their first son, Michael Joseph. The couple's second and third children, Lola Grace and Joaquin Antonio were born June 16, 2001 and February 24, 2003, respectively.
Awards and honors.
In 2007 and 2012, Ripa hosted the TV Land Awards to very positive reviews. She, herself, is an award winner, garnering five Soap Opera Digest Awards and three Daytime Emmy Award nominations for playing Hayley Vaughan on "All My Children".
Ripa was also recognized for her work on the Disney Parks Christmas Day Parade, which she co-hosted from 2001–2009, with the Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Class Special in 2006. She and co-host Regis Philbin have also twice won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Talk Show Host for "Live! with Regis and Kelly", for which they also received 12 Emmy Award nominations and 4 People's Choice Award nominations. 
In 2008, Cowboy Mouth, a New Orleans, Louisiana-based rock band, honored Ripa by writing a song in tribute, entitled "Kelly Ripa", that appeared on their album "Fearless". The band performed the song on "Live!" on March 13, 2008.
On September 15, 2006, Ripa broke the Guinness World Record as twenty-four banana-cream pies were tossed at her mouth in one minute, as part of a Guinness World Record Breaker theme week on "Live!". On September 16, 2011, Ripa broke the Guinness World Record for Most Grapes Trodden in 1 Minute, of 5.4 litres, as she extracted 8.4 litres. However, her competitor, Martina Servaty of Germany, extracted even more (8.6 litres), preventing Ripa from holding the new record.
The Broadcast Pioneers inducted Ripa into their Hall of Fame for her tremendous success in the television industry on November 19, 2010 and also honoured her as their Person of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="19371176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371176" title="Canadian Art Club">
Canadian Art Club

The Canadian Art Club was an artists' collective established in Toronto in 1907 to advance the standards of Canadian art exhibitions and to exhibit the work of Canadian expatriate artists at home. It was disbanded after the death of its co-founder Edmund Montague Morris in 1913. 
History.
The Canadian Art Club originated in Toronto from 1907 to 1915, and had a population of 20 artists. The Club, modelled on Whistler's International Society of Sculptors, Painters and Gravers, encouraged achievement of individuals and was nationalist in persuading expatriates to exhibit at home, but defined nationality in only the broadest terms. Its eight exhibitions hoped to establish a high standard for other artists and concentrated on small, carefully hung groups of works by leading Canadian artists.
The annual exhibitions organized in Toronto, and in Montreal in 1910, included the finest work being produced by Canadian artists. Membership included painters and sculptors and was by invitation only. Edmund Morris ( 1871 – 1913 ) and Homer Watson ( 1855 – 1936 ) were key figures in its formation and the first exhibition included work by Horatio Walker ( 1858 – 1938 ), working in New York since 1885, and James Wilson Morrice ( 1865 – 1924 ) of Paris (since 1890 ). Later expatriate exhibitors included Ernest Lawson ( 1873 – 1939 ), James Kerr-Lawson ( 1862 – 1939 ), and the sculptor Phimister Proctor ( 1860 – 1950 ). Montreal members included Clarence Gagnon ( 1881 – 1942 ), W. H. Clapp ( 1879 – 1954 ), Marc-Aurèle de Foy Suzor-Coté ( 1869 – 1937 ), and Henri Hébert ( 1884 – 1950 ).
The main instigators of the Club were the painters Edmund Montague Morris (1871–1913) and Curtis Williamson (1867–1944), who were "deeply disturbed by the tired, old-fashioned look of Canadian art as seen in the various annual exhibitions" and attempted to establish higher standards through small, carefully hung shows. Membership of the Club was by invitation only. Homer Watson was the first president, and other members included the Scottish-born William Brymner (1855–1925), who had been the first Canadian painter to study in Paris (at the Académie Julian), Maurice Cullen, J. W. Morrice, and Horatio Walker. The work of these artists was varied in style and subject, but generally it showed influence from Impressionism and Whistler. Their eight exhibitions were well received, but the Club disbanded in 1915, having lost some of its momentum because of the death (by drowning) of Morris in 1913 and because of the distractions of the First World War (there were also personality clashes among some of the members). However, the Club helped to prepare the way for the Group of Seven.
After the death of Edmund Morris in 1913, and with the distractions of World War I, the Club disbanded due to a small amount of finance and personal issues, leaving the membership with little to no enthusiasm to remain keeping the Club alive.
Influences.
The members of the Club who exhibited their work were highly influenced by the Hague school, Barbizon school and British plein-air painting, by Whistler and the Impressionists. Works by the members were very well received by critics, and the Club's activists played the roles of important catalysts for both artistic and institutional change. The influence of its Quebec Impressionist members on the emerging Group of Seven was major.

</doc>
<doc id="19371181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371181" title="Bervin Woods">
Bervin Woods

Bervyn Woods (born 9 January 1910, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1930s. 
Despite spending only six seasons at Collingwood, Woods played in five Grand Finals, all in succession from 1936 to 1940. These included premierships in 1935 and 1936. He was mostly a defender and could also played effectively in the ruck.
Woods was involved in controversy in the 1950 VFL pre-season when he left his job as coach of Collingwood's reserves to replace the retired Jock McHale as senior coach. As the club were seeking a non-playing coach, Phonse Kyne announced his retirement and applied for the job but was passed up in favour of Woods. The majority of Collingwood supporters were not happy to see Woods get the job ahead of Kyne and jeered both him and the committee during a practice game in April. Woods withdrew his application for the role within five days of his appointment and returned to the reserves. The affair resulted in the sacking of long standing committee men Harry Curtis and Bob Rush.

</doc>
<doc id="19371183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371183" title="Bob Haney">
Bob Haney

Robert G. "Bob" Haney (March 15, 1926 – November 25, 2004) was an American comic book writer, best known for his work for DC Comics. He co-created the Teen Titans as well as characters such as Metamorpho, Eclipso, Cain, and the Super-Sons.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Haney grew up in Philadelphia, where he read popular newspaper comic strips such as "Prince Valiant" and "Flash Gordon", and was a regular listener of radio dramas. During World War II, he served in the Navy and saw action during the Battle of Okinawa. After the war, he earned a Master's degree from Columbia University and then embarked on a writing career, publishing a number of novels under a variety of assumed names.
In 1948, Haney broke into the comic book industry. His first published comics story was "College For Murder" in "Black Cat" #9 (January 1948). From 1948 to 1955 Haney wrote crime and war comics for a number of publishers, including Fawcett, Standard, Hillman, Harvey, and St. John.
DC Comics.
In large part due to the anti-comic book campaign launched by Fredric Wertham's "Seduction of the Innocent" and the United States Senate Subcommittee on Juvenile Delinquency in 1953, most of Haney's publishers went out of business in the 1950s. In 1955 he connected with DC Comics and his first DC credit was the story "Frogman's Secret!" in "All-American Men of War" #17 (January 1955). Thus began a long association with DC, which lasted almost thirty years, with Haney scripting just about every sort of comic DC published.
Haney was the writer of the story "The Rock of Easy Co.!" in "Our Army at War" #81 (April 1959), the first appearance of Sgt. Rock. Haney and artist Lee Elias created the supervillain Eclipso in "House of Secrets" #61 (August 1963). 
Haney frequently claimed to have co-created the Doom Patrol with Arnold Drake and worked with him on the first few issues, but Drake insisted that he merely called in Haney for help in meeting the deadline for the very first story.
In 1964, Haney created the Teen Titans with artists Bruno Premiani and Nick Cardy. Robin, Kid Flash, and Aqualad teamed up in "The Brave and the Bold" #54 (July 1964) to defeat a weather-controlling villain known as Mister Twister. They subsequently appeared under the name "Teen Titans" in "The Brave and the Bold" #60 in July 1965, joined by Wonder Woman's younger sister Wonder Girl in her first appearance. After next being featured in "Showcase" #59 (December 1965), the team was spun off into their own series with "Teen Titans" #1 (February 1966).
The Metamorpho character was created by Haney and artist Ramona Fradon in "The Brave and the Bold" #57 (January 1965). Haney stated in 1995 that "The most creative single thing I ever did was Metamorpho". The character was featured in his own title, also written by Haney, from 1965 to 1968. Metamorpho later appeared in a series of back-up stories in "Action Comics" #413-418 and "World's Finest Comics" #218-220 and #229.
Haney was the writer of many of the issues of "The Brave and the Bold" including #59 (April-May 1965) which featured Batman's first team-up in the title. Haney scripted issue #85 (Aug.-Sept 1969) wherein artist Neal Adams updated Green Arrow's visual appearance by designing a new costume for the character. Haney frequently disregarded continuity by scripting stories which contradicted DC's canon or by writing major heroes in an out-of-character fashion. Haney's final story of the series was a Batman and Kamandi team-up in issue #157 (December 1979).
Among his contributions to the "Aquaman" mythos are the characters Tula introduced in "Aquaman" #33 (May-June 1967) and Nuidis Vulko in "The Brave and the Bold" #73 (August–September 1967).
The Super-Sons, Superman Jr. and Batman Jr., were co-created by Haney and Dick Dillin in "World's Finest Comics" #215 (January 1973). The "House of Mystery's" host Cain, a character modeled on writer Len Wein, was created by Haney with artist Jack Sparling and editor Joe Orlando. 
His later war comics work included the four page "Dirty Job," illustrated by Alex Toth, for "Our Army at War" #241 (February 1972), which has been described as Haney's "true masterpiece". He wrote the "Unknown Soldier" feature in "Star Spangled War Stories" in 1971 and 1972. He returned in 1977 and oversaw the series being renamed after the character. He wrote the retitled series until its cancellation with #268 (October 1982).
Haney's stories in the 1960s and 1970s, especially with the Teen Titans and the Super-Sons, often dealt with youth culture and current issues, but by the late 1970s and early 1980s, Haney struggled to produce material that DC's editors considered timely or contemporary. This led to clashes with the DC editorial staff and ultimately to his departure from the comics industry
Animation.
In the 1960s Haney contributed scripts to the "The New Adventures of Superman" and "The Superman/Aquaman Hour of Adventure" cartoon shows; and in the 1980s, after leaving DC, wrote for several Rankin/Bass animated shows, including "ThunderCats", "Silverhawks" and "Karate Kat".
Later life.
When comics and animation work petered out in the late 1980s, Haney turned to other forms of writing, including a book on carpentry. He wrote a few additional comics scripts for DC including "Elseworlds 80-Page Giant" #1 (August 1999); "Silver Age: The Brave and the Bold" #1 (July 2000); and the posthumously published "Teen Titans Lost Annual" #1 (March 2008). His last few years were spent in San Felipe, Baja California, Mexico.
Awards.
Haney's industry recognitions included the 1968 Alley Award for Best Full-Length Story ("Track of the Hook" in "The Brave and the Bold" #79, drawn by Neal Adams); and a 1997 Inkpot Award from Comic-Con International.
Family.
Haney's brother-in-law was Ned Chase, the father of actor Chevy Chase.

</doc>
<doc id="19371202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371202" title="Aurach (river)">
Aurach (river)

Aurach is a river in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.
It originates from the mountain Hochleckengebiet in the Höllengebirge and flows through the wooden rich valley Aurachtal, that spreads through the communities of Altmünster (Neukirchen, Reindlmühl) and Pinsdorf (Kufhaus). After passing through Aurachtal the river flows further through the Alpenvorland via Aurachkirchen (district of Ohlsdorf) until Wankham (municipality Regau), where it confluences with the river Ager.

</doc>
<doc id="19371203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371203" title="Keith Morgan (judoka)">
Keith Morgan (judoka)

Keith Morgan (born November 12, 1973, in Calgary, Alberta) is a male judoka from Canada, who won three medals at three different Pan American Games during his career.
Morgan represented his native country at four consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 in Atlanta, Georgia. He was affiliated with the Club de Judo Shikodan in Montréal. He is the twin brother of Colin Morgan, who competed as a judoka at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Keith is also a sponsored athlete of Healy Ford.

</doc>
<doc id="19371204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371204" title="Istanbul Mineral and Metals Exporters' Association">
Istanbul Mineral and Metals Exporters' Association

The Istanbul Mineral and Metals Exporters’ Association (IMMIB) is a professional body which deals with all of the export activities at the export density regions of Istanbul. It is affiliated with the Undersecretariat for Foreign Trade of the office of the Prime Minister of Turkey. As of 2008 IMMIB’s 25,300 members represented one third of Turkey’s total exports.
Promotional activity.
IMMIB has promoted Turkish stone as a product and was represented at "Coverings 2004" with a major display.
Organisation.
IMMIB is made up of six subsidiary associations, namely:
Objectives.
The function and objectives of Istanbul Mineral and Metals Exporters’ Association are to:

</doc>
<doc id="19371207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371207" title="Manuel d'Almeida Trindade">
Manuel d'Almeida Trindade

Manuel d'Almeida Trindade (April 24, 1918 – August 5, 2008) was a Portuguese Prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
Trindade was born in Monsanto, Portugal and was ordained a priest on December 21, 1942. Trindade was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Aveiro, on September 19, 1962 and ordained bishop on December 19, 1962. Trindade retired from the Diocese of Aviero on January 20, 1988
Trindade died at the age of 90 on August 5, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19371215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371215" title="Riemannian circle">
Riemannian circle

In metric space theory and Riemannian geometry, the Riemannian circle (named after Bernhard Riemann) is a great circle equipped with its great-circle distance. In more detail, the term refers to the circle equipped with its "intrinsic" Riemannian metric of a compact 1-dimensional manifold of total length 2π, as opposed to the "extrinsic" metric obtained by restriction of the Euclidean metric to the unit circle in the plane. Thus, the distance between a pair of points is defined to be the length of the shorter of the two arcs into which the circle is partitioned by the two points. 
Properties.
The diameter of the Riemannian circle is π, in contrast with the usual value of 2 for the Euclidean diameter of the unit circle.
The inclusion of the Riemannian circle as the equator (or any great circle) of the 2-sphere of constant Gaussian curvature +1, is an isometric imbedding in the sense of metric spaces (there is no isometric imbedding of the Riemannian circle in Hilbert space in this sense).
Gromov's filling conjecture.
A long-standing open problem, posed by Mikhail Gromov, concerns the calculation of the filling area of the Riemannian circle. The filling area is conjectured to be 2π, a value attained by the hemisphere of constant Gaussian curvature +1.

</doc>
<doc id="19371238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371238" title="Mark Dornford-May">
Mark Dornford-May

Mark Dornford-May (born 29 September 1955) is a British-born South African theatre and film director.
Early life.
Mark Dornford-May was born on his Grandfathers farm near Eastoft in Yorkshire. His paternal Grandfather was a miner on the Yorkshire coalfields. His Mother worked as a school teacher and his Father was Drama Adviser for Cheshire County Council and was awarded an MBE for services to theatre in the 1980s. Dornford-May is the eldest of three brothers.
Personal life.
In 2002 he married South African actress and singer Pauline Malefane. Together they have three children. Dornford-May also has a child from a previous relationship. In 2004 he became a permanent resident of South Africa and in 2007 he was officially inducted into the Sotho clan of his wife’s family.
Career.
After reading Drama at the Bristol University, Dornford-May was offered an Assistant Directorship with the Royal Shakespeare Company. He worked mainly with Terry Hands on the acclaimed productions of "Coriolanus" and "The Duchess of Malfi" as well as directing "The Invisible Man" and coordinating "The Plays Banned" by Television Season at the then RSC Workhouse Theatre. He the left the RSC to found The Playwrights Company at Bristol Old Vic, specialising in the creation of new work and supported and funded by Tom Stoppard. In 1981 he was appointed Artistic Director of Solent Peoples Theatre commissioning Peter Tersen’s, "We were all heros then", and Steve Gooch’s, "Fast One". He moved to Stoke on Trent to work at the Victoria Theatre with Peter Cheesman. The artistic emphasis placed on music and the skills of the actor were central to the work at Stoke and began to form the central focus of Dornford-May’s work. It is also at Stoke that his deep passionate commitment to theatre as a vehicle for social change began to become central to all his work. Together with Peter Cheesman he helped to oversee the rebuilding of the New Vic in Stoke.
Following Stoke, Dornford-May went into training of actors for a number of years working at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and mainly at The Central School of Speech and Drama where he worked alongside Mark Wing Davey running the acting course.
In the mid-1990s Dornford-May formed Broomhill Opera with Music Director Charles Hazlewood. This company restored and revived Wilton’s Music Hall in the East End of London. The Music Hall had been derelict for many years but through Dornford-May the first phase of its restoration was undertaken allowing it to become a public space once more. Simon Callow, Sir Jonathan Miller, Rory Bremner, Harold Pinter and ir John Gielgud all worked in the Music Hall once it was semi-restored.
In 2000, Dornford-May and Charles Hazlewood travelled to South Africa where they held auditions across the country, auditioning over 2000 individuals to form the lyric theatre company Dimpho di Kopane (DDK). Their theatre productions of The Mysteries – Yiimimangaliso, Carmen, The Snow Queen and Ibali looTsotsi - The Beggar's Opera, toured the world to sold out houses and great critical acclaim.
Dornford-May and the company adapted the stage production of Carmen, to create the film U-Carmen eKhayelitsha, starring Pauline Malefane in the title role. The film garnered a number of awards, including the Golden Bear for Best Film at the Berlin Film Festival in 2005.
The company’s second feature film, Son of Man, premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in the US in 2005.
In 2006, Dornford-May co-founded the theatre company Isango Ensemble. Their first productions of The Magic Flute – Impempe Yomlingo and A Christmas Carol – iKrismas Kherol premiered at the Baxter Theatre, Cape Town, before going on to a sold-out run at the Young Vic Theatre. Both productions were awarded the Whatsonstage Theatre Goers Choice Award for Best Off-West End Production. The Magic Flute – Impempe Yomlingo transferred to the Duke of York’s Theatre in the West End where it was awarded the Olivier Award for Best Musical Revival. The Magic Flute – Impempe Yomlingo continues to tour the world and has performed in London, Chichester and Canterbury in the UK, Dublin, Tokyo, Singapore, Johannesburg, Paris and Holland. In Paris the production had a sold-out run at the Chatelet du Theatre and was awarded the Globes de Cristal for Best Opera.
In 2007, Dornford-May and Isango Ensemble reworked The Mysteries – Yiimimangaliso which premiered at the Baxter Theatre, Cape Town, and had a critically acclaimed West End season at the Garrick Theatre, London.
From June 2009 to Jan 2010, Dornford-May oversaw the design and development of the Fugard Theatre, Cape Town. The theatre opened to great acclaim on 12 February 2010 with a performance of The Magic Flute – Impempe Yomlingo in front of guests including the Deputy President of South Africa. The Isango Ensemble company was the company in residence in 2010 and premiered two new productions, Aesop’s Fables, an adaptation of Peter Terson’s script, and The Ragged Trousered Philanthropists – Izigwili Ezidlakazelayo, a new version of which was written by Stephen Lowe for the company.
Following their eviction from the Fugard Theatre, the Isango Ensemble company rebuilt itself under the patronage of Sir Ian McKellen; 
and relaunched itself as an eightieth birthday party for Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu; 
In 2011, Dornford-May and Isango Ensemble have announced that they will develop their own theatre in the townships surrounding Cape Town.
In 2012, the company premiered two new productions, La Boheme - Abanxaxhi, in a unique partnership with The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, and Venus and Adonis - UVenus e Adonis. La Boheme then transferred to Hackney Empire, London and Venus and Adonis to Shakespeare's Globe. The Magic Flute - Impempe Yomlingo played in Berlin and Martinique.
In 2013, the company are returning to Shakespeare's Globe and have just finished editing their new film "Noye's Fludde"
Controversy.
In November 2010, Dornford-May and his all-black South African acting company were thrown out of the Fugard Theatre after less than a year, amid claims of poor box office takings and “following the discovery of certain financial irregularities that had taken place" and which were being investigated. ”.
Following his eviction from the theatre, Dornford-May wrote an opinion piece for a South African newspaper in which he deplored the 'White Face' of South African theatre and the lack of critics who could speak any African language. After the publication he suffered a backlash of critical press comment from the art establishment.

</doc>
<doc id="19371244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371244" title="Subprime crisis background information">
Subprime crisis background information

This article provides background information helpful to understanding the subprime mortgage crisis. It discusses subprime lending, foreclosures, risk types, and mechanisms through which various entities involved are affected by the crisis.
Subprime lending.
The U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) has defined subprime borrowers and lending: "The term subprime refers to the credit characteristics of individual borrowers. Subprime borrowers typically have weakened credit histories that include payment delinquencies, and possibly more severe problems such as charge-offs, judgments, and bankruptcies. They may also display reduced repayment capacity as measured by credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, or other criteria that may encompass borrowers with incomplete credit histories. Subprime loans are loans to borrowers displaying one or more of these characteristics at the time of origination or purchase. Such loans have a higher risk of default than loans to prime borrowers." If a borrower is delinquent in making timely mortgage payments to the loan servicer (a bank or other financial firm), the lender may take possession of the property, in a process called foreclosure.
A plain-language overview.
The following is excerpted (with some modifications) from former U.S. President George W. Bush's Address to the Nation on September 24, 2008: Other additions are sourced later in the article or in the main article.
The problems we are witnessing today developed over a long period of time. For more than a decade, a massive amount of money flowed into the United States from investors abroad. This large influx of money to U.S. banks and financial institutions — along with low interest rates — made it easier for Americans to get credit. Easy credit — combined with the faulty assumption that home values would continue to rise — led to excesses and bad decisions.
Many mortgage lenders approved loans for borrowers without carefully examining their ability to pay. Many borrowers took out loans larger than they could afford, assuming that they could sell or refinance their homes at a higher price later on. Both individuals and financial institutions increased their debt levels relative to historical norms during the past decade significantly.
Optimism about housing values also led to a boom in home construction. Eventually the number of new houses exceeded the number of people willing to buy them. And with supply exceeding demand, housing prices fell. And this created a problem: Borrowers with adjustable rate mortgages (i.e., those with initially low rates that later rise) who had been planning to sell or refinance their homes before the adjustments occurred were unable to refinance. As a result, many mortgage holders began to default as the adjustments began.
These widespread defaults (and related foreclosures) had effects far beyond the housing market. Home loans are often packaged together, and converted into financial products called "mortgage-backed securities". These securities were sold to investors around the world. Many investors assumed these securities were trustworthy, and asked few questions about their actual value.
Credit rating agencies gave them high-grade, safe ratings. Two of the leading sellers of mortgage-backed securities were Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Because these companies were chartered by Congress, many believed they were guaranteed by the federal government. This allowed them to borrow enormous sums of money, fuel the market for questionable investments, and put the financial system at risk.
The decline in the housing market set off a domino effect across the U.S. economy. When home values declined and adjustable rate mortgage payment amounts increased, borrowers defaulted on their mortgages. Investors globally holding mortgage-backed securities (including many of the banks that originated them and traded them among themselves) began to incur serious losses. Before long, these securities became so unreliable that they were not being bought or sold.
Investment banks such as Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers found themselves saddled with large amounts of assets they could not sell. They ran out of the money needed to meet their immediate obligations and faced imminent collapse. Other banks found themselves in severe financial trouble. These banks began holding on to their money, and lending dried up, and the gears of the American financial system began grinding to a halt.
Precursor, "Subprime I".
Although most references to the Subprime Mortgage Crisis refer to events and conditions that led to the financial crisis and subsequent recession that began in 2008, a much smaller bubble and collapse occurred in the mid- to late-1990s, sometimes dubbed "Subprime I" or "Subprime 1.0". It ended in 1999 when the rate of subprime mortgage securitization dropped from 55.1% in 1998 to 37.4% in 1999. In the two years following the 1998 Russian financial crisis, "eight of the top ten" subprime lenders "declared bankruptcy, ceased operations, or sold out to stronger firms."
The crisis is said to have had "had all the earmarks of a classic bubble" with enthusiasm over rising stock prices replacing caution over shoddy business practices and concern over whether the earnings of the companies were sustainable. Loans were made to borrowers who were unable to pay them back. The subprime mortgage companies began taking unexpected write-downs as mortgages were refinanced at lower interest rates. Much of the reported profits turned out to be illusory and companies such as Famco went under. Along with the bankruptcies came a wave of lawsuits and complaints from consumer advocates, who accused the subprime industry of engaging in predatory lending. The impact was slight compared to the later bubble. 
Subprime I was smaller in size — in the mid-1990s $30 billion of mortgages constituted "a big year" for subprime lending, by 2005 there were $625 billion in subprime mortgage loans, $507 billion of which were in mortgage backed securities — and was essentially "really high rates for borrowers with bad credit". Mortgages were mostly fixed-rate, still required borrowers to prove they could pay by documenting income, etc. By 2006, 75% of subprime loans were some form of floating-rate, usually fixed for the first two years."
Background to the crisis.
In 2006, Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns, whose fixed-income franchises benefitted from having integrated mortgage origination businesses, were seen as runaway success stories. Many more investment banks had already built large mortgage desks, and invested heavily in subprime platforms. Mortgage origination and securitization generated lucrative fees during the time when the US market developed away from the traditional agency/CMO model.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac shrunk their balance sheets substantially as conforming mortgage origination volumes diminished, and private label securitization grew substantially from 2002. Large-scale defaults from subprime lending had yet to hit headlines in 2006; rating agencies began sounding early alarm bells in the summer of 2006 but it was anticipated delinquencies would go up with the biggest rollovers on the new loans (around 2008).
Stages of the crisis.
The crisis has gone through stages. First, during late 2007, over 100 mortgage lending companies went bankrupt as subprime mortgage-backed securities could no longer be sold to investors to acquire funds. Second, starting in Q4 2007 and in each quarter since then, financial institutions have recognized massive losses as they adjust the value of their mortgage backed securities to a fraction of their purchased prices. These losses as the housing market continued to deteriorate meant that the banks have a weaker capital base from which to lend. Third, during Q1 2008, investment bank Bear Stearns was hastily merged with bank JP Morgan with $30 billion in government guarantees, after it was unable to continue borrowing to finance its operations.
Fourth, during September 2008, the system approached meltdown. In early September Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, representing $5 trillion in mortgage obligations, were nationalized by the U.S. government as mortgage losses increased. Next, investment bank Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy. In addition, two large U.S. banks (Washington Mutual and Wachovia) became insolvent and were sold to stronger banks. The world's largest insurer, AIG, was 80% nationalized by the U.S. government, due to concerns regarding its ability to honor its obligations via a form of financial insurance called credit default swaps.
These sequential and significant institutional failures, particularly the Lehman bankruptcy, involved further seizing of credit markets and more serious global impact. The interconnected nature of Lehman was such that its failure triggered system-wide (systemic) concerns regarding the ability of major institutions to honor their obligations to counterparties. The interest rates banks charged to each other (see the TED spread) increased to record levels and various methods of obtaining short-term funding became less available to non-financial corporations. 
It was this "credit freeze" that some described as a near-complete seizing of the credit markets in September that drove the massive bailout procedures implemented by worldwide governments in Q4 2008. Prior to that point, each major U.S. institutional intervention had been ad-hoc; critics argued this damaged investor and consumer confidence in the U.S. government's ability to deal effectively and proactively with the crisis. Further, the judgment and credibility of senior U.S. financial leadership was called into question.
Since the near-meltdown, the crisis has shifted into what some consider to be a deep recession and others consider to be a "reset" of economic activity at a lower level, now that enormous lending capacity has been removed from the system. Unsustainable U.S. borrowing and consumption were significant drivers of global economic growth in the years leading up to the crisis. Record rates of housing foreclosures are expected to continue in the U.S. during the 2009-2011, continuing to inflict losses on financial institutions. Dramatically reduced wealth due to both housing prices and stock market declines are unlikely to enable U.S. consumption to return to pre-crisis levels.
Thomas Friedman summarized how the crisis has moved through stages: 
Alan Greenspan has stated that until the record level of housing inventory currently on the market declines to more typical historical levels, there will be downward pressure on home prices. As long as the uncertainty remains regarding housing prices, mortgage-backed securities will continue to decline in value, placing the health of banks at risk.
The subprime mortgage crisis in context.
Economist Nouriel Roubini wrote in January 2009 that subprime mortgage defaults triggered the broader global credit crisis, but were part of multiple credit bubble collapses: "This crisis is not merely the result of the U.S. housing bubble’s bursting or the collapse of the United States’ subprime mortgage sector. The credit excesses that created this disaster were global. There were many bubbles, and they extended beyond housing in many countries to commercial real estate mortgages and loans, to credit cards, auto loans, and student loans.
There were bubbles for the securitized products that converted these loans and mortgages into complex, toxic, and destructive financial instruments. And there were still more bubbles for local government borrowing, leveraged buyouts, hedge funds, commercial and industrial loans, corporate bonds, commodities, and credit-default swaps." It is the bursting of the many bubbles that he believes are causing this crisis to spread globally and magnify its impact.
Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke summarized the crisis as follows during a January 2009 speech: 
Thomas Friedman summarized the causes of the crisis in November 2008: 
Subprime market data.
The value of U.S. subprime mortgages was estimated at $1.3 trillion as of March 2007, with over 7.5 million first-lien subprime mortgages outstanding. Approximately 16% of subprime loans with adjustable rate mortgages (ARM) were 90-days delinquent or in foreclosure proceedings as of October 2007, roughly triple the rate of 2005. By January 2008, the delinquency rate had risen to 21% and by May 2008 it was 25%.
Between 2004 and 2006 the share of subprime mortgages relative to total originations ranged from 18%-21%, versus less than 10% in 2001-2003 and during 2007. Subprime ARMs only represent 6.8% of the loans outstanding in the US, yet they represent 43% of the foreclosures started during the third quarter of 2007. During 2007, nearly 1.3 million properties were subject to 2.2 million foreclosure filings, up 79% and 75% respectively versus 2006. Foreclosure filings including default notices, auction sale notices and bank repossessions can include multiple notices on the same property.
During 2008, this increased to 2.3 million properties, an 81% increase over 2007. Between August 2007 and September 2008, an estimated 851,000 homes were repossessed by lenders from homeowners. Foreclosures are concentrated in particular states both in terms of the number and rate of foreclosure filings. Ten states accounted for 74% of the foreclosure filings during 2008; the top two (California and Florida) represented 41%. Nine states were above the national foreclosure rate average of 1.84% of households.
The mortgage market is estimated at $12 trillion with approximately 6.41% of loans delinquent and 2.75% of loans in foreclosure as of August 2008. The estimated value of subprime adjustable-rate mortgages (ARM) resetting at higher interest rates is U.S. $400 billion for 2007 and $500 billion for 2008. Reset activity is expected to increase to a monthly peak in March 2008 of nearly $100 billion, before declining. An average of 450,000 subprime ARM are scheduled to undergo their first rate increase each quarter in 2008.
An estimated 8.8 million homeowners (nearly 10.8% of the total) have zero or negative equity as of March 2008, meaning their homes are worth less than their mortgage. This provides an incentive to "walk away" from the home, despite the credit rating impact.
By January 2008, the inventory of unsold new homes stood at 9.8 months based on December 2007 sales volume, the highest level since 1981. Further, a record of nearly four million unsold existing homes were for sale, including nearly 2.9 million that were vacant. This excess supply of home inventory places significant downward pressure on prices. As prices decline, more homeowners are at risk of default and foreclosure. According to the S&P/Case-Shiller price index, by November 2007, average U.S. housing prices had fallen approximately 8% from their Q2 2006 peak and by May 2008 they had fallen 18.4%. The price decline in December 2007 versus the year-ago period was 10.4% and for May 2008 it was 15.8%. Housing prices are expected to continue declining until this inventory of surplus homes (excess supply) is reduced to more typical levels.
Household debt statistics.
In 1981, US private debt was 123 per cent of gross domestic product (a measure of the size of the economy); by the third quarter of 2008, it was 290 per cent. In 1981, household debt was 48 per cent of GDP; in 2007, it was 100 per cent.
While housing prices were increasing, consumers were saving less and both borrowing and spending more. A culture of consumerism is a factor "in an economy based on immediate gratification." Starting in 2005, American households have spent more than 99.5% of their disposable personal income on consumption or interest payments. If imputations mostly pertaining to owner-occupied housing are removed from these calculations, American households have spent more than their disposable personal income in every year starting in 1999.
Household debt grew from $705 billion at year-end 1974, 60% of disposable personal income, to $7.4 trillion at yearend 2000, and finally to $14.5 trillion in midyear 2008, 134% of disposable personal income. During 2008, the typical USA household owned 13 credit cards, with 40% of households carrying a balance, up from 6% in 1970. U.S. home mortgage debt relative to GDP increased from an average of 46% during the 1990s to 73% during 2008, reaching $10.5 trillion.
Financial sector debt statistics.
Martin Wolf wrote: "In the US, the state of the financial sector may well be far more important than it was in Japan. The big US debt accumulations were not by non-financial corporations but by households and the financial sector. The gross debt of the financial sector rose from 22 per cent of GDP in 1981 to 117 per cent in the third quarter of 2008, while the debt of non-financial corporations rose only from 53 per cent to 76 per cent of GDP. Thus, the desire of financial institutions to shrink balance sheets may be an even bigger cause of recession in the US."
Credit risk.
Traditionally, lenders (who were primarily thrifts) bore the credit risk on the mortgages they issued. Over the past 60 years, a variety of financial innovations have gradually made it possible for lenders to sell the right to receive the payments on the mortgages they issue, through a process called securitization. The resulting securities are called mortgage backed securities (MBS) and collateralized debt obligations (CDO). Most American mortgages are now held by mortgage pools, the generic term for MBS and CDOs. Of the $10.6 trillion of USA residential mortgages outstanding as of midyear 2008, $6.6 trillion were held by mortgage pools, and $3.4 trillion by traditional depository institutions.
This "originate to distribute" model means that investors holding MBS and CDOs also bear several types of risks, and this has a variety of consequences. In general, there are five primary types of risk:
By the beginning of the 21st century, these innovations had created an "originate to distribute" model for mortgages, which means that mortgage became almost as much securities as they were loans. Because subprime loans have such high repayment risk, the origination of large volumes of subprime loans by thrift institutions or commercial banks was not possible without securitization.
From a systemic perspective, the dominance of securitization has made the risks of the mortgage market similar to the risks of other securities markets, particularly non-regulated securities markets. In general, there are five primary types of risk in these markets:
This means that in the mortgage market, borrowers no longer have to default and reduce cash flows very significantly before credit risk rises sharply. Any number of factors affecting material or perceived risk - declines in the price of real estate or the bankruptcy of a major counterparty - can cause systemic risk and liquidity risk for institutions to rise and have significant adverse effect on the entire mortgage industry. The risk may be magnified by high debt levels (financial leverage) among households and businesses, as has incurred in recent years. Finally, the risks associated with American mortgage lending have global impacts because the market for MBS is a huge, global, financial market.
Of particular concern is the fairly new innovation of credit default swaps (CDS). Investors in MBS can insure against credit risk by buying CDS, but as risk rises, counterparties in CDS contracts have to deliver collateral and build up reserves in case more payments become necessary. The speed and severity with which risk rose in the subprime market created uncertainty across the system, with investors wondering whether huge CDS counterparties like AIG might be unable to honor their commitments.
Understanding the risks types involved in the subprime crisis.
The reasons for this crisis are varied and complex. Understanding and managing the ripple effect through the worldwide economy poses a critical challenge for governments, businesses, and investors. The crisis can be attributed to a number of factors, such as the inability of homeowners to make their mortgage payments; poor judgment by the borrower and/or the lender; and mortgage incentives such as "teaser" interest rates that later rise significantly.
Further, declining home prices have made re-financing more difficult. As a result of financialization and innovations in securitization, risks related to the inability of homeowners to meet mortgage payments have been distributed broadly, with a series of consequential impacts. There are five primary categories of risk involved:
Effect on corporations and investors.
Average investors and corporations face a variety of risks due to the inability of mortgage holders to pay. These vary by legal entity. Some general exposures by entity type include:
Understanding financial institution solvency.
Critics have argued that due to the combination of high leverage and losses, the U.S. banking system is effectively insolvent (i.e., equity is negative or will be as the crisis progresses), while the banks counter that they have the cash required to continue operating or are "well-capitalized." As the crisis progressed into mid-2008, it became apparent that growing losses on mortgage-backed securities at large, systemically-important institutions were reducing the total value of assets held by particular firms to a critical point roughly equal to the value of their liabilities.
A bit of accounting theory is helpful to understanding this debate. It is an accounting identity (i.e., an equality that must hold true by definition) that assets equals the sum of liabilities and equity. Equity consisted primarily of the common or preferred stock and the retained earnings of the company and is also referred to as capital. The financial statement that reflects these amounts is called the balance sheet.
If a firm is forced into a negative equity scenario, it is technically insolvent from a balance sheet perspective. However, the firm may have sufficient cash to pay its short-term obligations and continue operating. Bankruptcy occurs when a firm is unable to pay its immediate obligations and seeks legal protection to enable it to either re-negotiate its arrangements with creditors or liquidate its assets. Pertinent forms of the accounting equation for this discussion are shown below:
If assets equal liabilities, then equity must be zero. While asset values on the balance sheet are marked down to reflect expected losses, these institutions still owe the creditors the full amount of liabilities. To use a simplistic example, Company X used a $10 equity or capital base to borrow another $290 and invest the $300 amount in various assets, which have fallen 10% in value to $270. This firm was "leveraged" 30:1 ($300 assets / $10 equity = 30) and now has assets worth $270, liabilities of $290 and equity of "negative" $20. Such leverage ratios were typical of the larger investment banks during 2007. At 30:1 leverage, it only takes a 3.33% loss to reduce equity to zero.
Banks use various regulatory measures to describe their financial strength, such as tier 1 capital. Such measures typically start with equity and then add or subtract other measures. Banks and regulators have been criticized for including relatively "weaker" or less tangible amounts in regulatory capital measures. For example, deferred tax assets (which represent future tax savings if a company makes a profit) and intangible assets (e.g., non-cash amounts like goodwill or trademarks) have been included in tier 1 capital calculations by some financial institutions. In other cases, banks were legally able to move liabilities off their balance sheets via structured investment vehicles, which improved their ratios. Critics suggest using the "tangible common equity" measure, which removes non-cash assets from these measures. Generally, the ratio of tangible common equity to assets is lower (i.e., more conservative) than the tier 1 ratio.
Banks and governments have taken significant steps to improve capital ratios, by issuing new preferred stock to private investors or to the government via bailouts, and cutting dividends.
Understanding the events of September 2008.
Liquidity risk and the money market funding engine.
During September 2008, money market mutual funds began to experience significant withdrawals of funds by investors in the wake of the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy and AIG bailout. This created a significant risk because money market funds are integral to the ongoing financing of corporations of all types. Individual investors lend money to money market funds, which then provide the funds to corporations in exchange for corporate short-term securities called asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP).
However, a potential bank run had begun on certain money market funds. If this situation had worsened, the ability of major corporations to secure needed short-term financing through ABCP issuance would have been significantly affected. To assist with liquidity throughout the system, the Treasury and Federal Reserve Bank announced that banks could obtain funds via the Federal Reserve's Discount Window using ABCP as collateral.
To stop the potential run on money market mutual funds, the Treasury also announced on September 19 a new $50 billion program to insure the investments, similar to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) program for regular bank accounts.
Key risk indicators.
Key risk indicators became highly volatile during September 2008, a factor leading the U.S. government to pass the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008. The “TED spread” is a measure of credit risk for inter-bank lending. It is the difference between: 1) the risk-free three-month U.S. treasury bill (t-bill) rate; and 2) the three-month London Interbank Borrowing Rate (LIBOR), which represents the rate at which banks typically lend to each other. A higher spread indicates banks perceive each other as riskier counterparties. The t-bill is considered "risk-free" because the full faith and credit of the U.S. government is behind it; theoretically, the government could just print money so investors get their money back at the maturity date of the t-bill.
The TED Spread reached record levels in late September 2008. The diagram indicates that the Treasury yield movement was a more significant driver than the changes in LIBOR. A three-month t-bill yield so close to zero means that people are willing to forego interest just to keep their money (principal) safe for three months—a very high level of risk aversion and indicative of tight lending conditions. Driving this change were investors shifting funds from money market funds (generally considered nearly risk free but paying a slightly higher rate of return than t-bills) and other investment types to t-bills.
In addition, an increase in LIBOR means that financial instruments with variable interest terms are increasingly expensive. For example, adjustable rate mortgages, car loans and credit card interest rates are often tied to LIBOR; some estimate as much as $150 trillion in loans and derivatives are tied to LIBOR. Higher interest rates place additional downward pressure on consumption, increasing the risk of recession.
Credit default swaps and the subprime mortgage crisis.
Credit defaults swaps (CDS) are insurance contracts, typically used to protect bondholders from the risk of default, called credit risk. As the financial health of banks and other institutions deteriorated due to losses related to mortgages, the likelihood that those providing the insurance would have to pay their counterparties increased. This created uncertainty across the system, as investors wondered which companies would be forced to pay to cover defaults.
For example, Company Alpha issues bonds to the public in exchange for funds. The bondholders pay a financial institution an insurance premium in exchange for it assuming the credit risk. If Company Alpha goes bankrupt and is unable to pay interest or principal back to its bondholders, the insurance company would pay the bondholders to cover some or all of the losses. In effect, the bondholder has "swapped" its credit risk with the insurer. CDS may be used to insure a particular financial exposure as described in the example above, or may be used speculatively. Because CDS may be traded on public exchanges like stocks, or may be privately negotiated, the exact amount of CDS contracts outstanding at a given time is difficult to measure. Trading of CDS increased 100-fold from 1998 to 2008. Estimates for the face value of debt covered by CDS contracts range from U.S. $33 to $47 trillion as of November 2008.
Many CDS cover mortgage-backed securities or collateralized debt obligations (CDO) involved in the subprime mortgage crisis. CDS are lightly regulated. There is no central clearinghouse to honor CDS in the event a key player in the industry is unable to perform its obligations. Required corporate disclosure of CDS-related obligations has been criticized as inadequate. Insurance companies such as AIG, MBIA, and Ambac faced ratings downgrades due to their potential exposure due to widespread debt defaults. These institutions were forced to obtain additional funds (capital) to offset this exposure. In the case of AIG, its nearly $440 billion of CDS linked to CDO resulted in a U.S. government bailout.
In theory, because credit default swaps are two-party contracts, there is no net loss of wealth. For every company that takes a loss, there will be a corresponding gain elsewhere. The question is which companies will be on the hook to make payments and take losses, and will they have the funds to cover such losses. When investment bank Lehman Brothers went bankrupt in September 2008, it created a great deal of uncertainty regarding which financial institutions would be required to pay off CDS contracts on its $600 billion in outstanding debts. Significant losses at investment bank Merrill Lynch due to "synthetic CDO" (which combine CDO and CDS risk characteristics) played a prominent role in its takeover by Bank of America.
Effect on the Money Supply.
One measure of the availability of funds (liquidity) can be measured by the money supply. During late 2008, the most liquid measurement of the U.S. money supply (M1) increased significantly as the government intervened to inject funds into the system.
The focus on managing the money supply has been de-emphasized in recent history as inflation has moderated in developed countries. Historically, a sudden increase in the money supply might result in an increase in interest rates to ward off inflation or inflationary expectations.
Should the U.S. government create large quantities of money to help it purchase toxic mortgage-backed securities and other poorly-performing assets from banks, there is risk of inflation and dollar devaluation relative to other countries. However, this risk is of less concern to the Fed than deflation and stagnating growth as of December, 2008. Further, the dollar has strengthened as other countries have lowered their own interest rates during the crisis. This is because demand for a currency is typically proportional to interest rates; lowering interest rates lowers demand for a currency and thus it declines relative to other currencies.
During a January 2009 speech, Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke described the strategy of lending against various types of collateral as "Credit Easing" and explained the risks of inflation as follows: "Some observers have expressed the concern that, by expanding its balance sheet, the Federal Reserve is effectively printing money, an action that will ultimately be inflationary. The Fed's lending activities have indeed resulted in a large increase in the excess reserves held by banks. Bank reserves, together with currency, make up the narrowest definition of money, the monetary base; as you would expect, this measure of money has risen significantly as the Fed's balance sheet has expanded. However, banks are choosing to leave the great bulk of their excess reserves idle, in most cases on deposit with the Fed. Consequently, the rates of growth of broader monetary aggregates, such as M1 and M2, have been much lower than that of the monetary base. At this point, with global economic activity weak and commodity prices at low levels, we see little risk of inflation in the near term; indeed, we expect inflation to continue to moderate."
Vicious Cycles.
Cycle One: Housing Market.
The first vicious cycle is within the housing market and relates to the feedback effects of payment delinquencies and foreclosures on home prices. By September 2008, average U.S. housing prices had declined by over 20% from their mid-2006 peak.
This major and unexpected decline in house prices means that many borrowers have zero or negative equity in their homes, meaning their homes were worth less than their mortgages. As of March 2008, an estimated 8.8 million borrowers — 10.8% of all homeowners — had negative equity in their homes, a number that is believed to have risen to 12 million by November 2008. Borrowers in this situation have an incentive to "walk away" from their mortgages and abandon their homes, even though doing so will damage their credit rating for a number of years.
The reason is that unlike what is the case in most other countries, American residential mortgages are non-recourse loans; once the creditor has regained the property purchased with a mortgage in default, he has no further claim against the defaulting borrower's income or assets. As more borrowers stop paying their mortgage payments, foreclosures and the supply of homes for sale increase. This places downward pressure on housing prices, which further lowers homeowners' equity. The decline in mortgage payments also reduces the value of mortgage-backed securities, which erodes the net worth and financial health of banks. This vicious cycle is at the heart of the crisis.
Cycle Two: Financial Market and Feedback into Housing Market.
The second vicious cycle is between the housing market and financial market. Foreclosures reduce the cash flowing into banks and the value of mortgage-backed securities (MBS) widely held by banks. Banks incur losses and require additional funds (“recapitalization”). If banks are not capitalized sufficiently to lend, economic activity slows and unemployment increases, which further increases foreclosures.
As of August 2008, financial firms around the globe have written down their holdings of subprime related securities by US$501 billion. Mortgage defaults and provisions for future defaults caused profits at the 8533 USA depository institutions insured by the FDIC to decline from $35.2 billion in 2006 Q4 billion to $646 million in the same quarter a year later, a decline of 98%. 2007 Q4 saw the worst bank and thrift quarterly performance since 1990. In all of 2007, insured depository institutions earned approximately $100 billion, down 31% from a record profit of $145 billion in 2006. Profits declined from $35.6 billion in 2007 Q1 to $19.3 billion in 2008 Q1, a decline of 46%.
Federal Reserve data indicates banks have significantly tightened lending standards throughout the crisis.
Understanding the shadow banking system.
A variety of non-bank entities have emerged through financial innovation over the past two decades to become a critical part of the credit markets. These entities are often intermediaries between banks or corporate borrowers and investors and are called the shadow banking system. These entities were not subject to the same disclosure requirements and capital requirements as traditional banks. As a result, they became highly leveraged while making risky bets, creating what critics have called a significant vulnerability in the underpinnings of the financial system.
These entities also borrowed short-term, meaning they had to go back to the proverbial well frequently for additional funds, while purchasing long-term, illiquid (hard to sell) assets. When the crisis hit and they could no longer obtain short-term financing, they were forced to sell these long-term assets into very depressed markets at fire-sale prices, making credit more difficult to obtain system-wide. The 1998 Long-term Capital Management crisis was a precursor to this aspect of the current crisis, as a highly leveraged shadow banking entity with systemic implications collapsed during that crisis.
In a June 2008 speech, U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner, then President and CEO of the NY Federal Reserve Bank, placed significant blame for the freezing of credit markets on a "run" on the entities in the "parallel" banking system, also called the shadow banking system. These entities became critical to the credit markets underpinning the financial system, but were not subject to the same regulatory controls. Further, these entities were vulnerable because they borrowed short-term in liquid markets to purchase long-term, illiquid and risky assets. This meant that disruptions in credit markets would make them subject to rapid deleveraging, selling their long-term assets at depressed prices.
He described the significance of these entities: "In early 2007, asset-backed commercial paper conduits, in structured investment vehicles, in auction-rate preferred securities, tender option bonds and variable rate demand notes, had a combined asset size of roughly $2.2 trillion. Assets financed overnight in triparty repo grew to $2.5 trillion. Assets held in hedge funds grew to roughly $1.8 trillion. The combined balance sheets of the then five major investment banks totaled $4 trillion. In comparison, the total assets of the top five bank holding companies in the United States at that point were just over $6 trillion, and total assets of the entire banking system were about $10 trillion." He stated that the "combined effect of these factors was a financial system vulnerable to self-reinforcing asset price and credit cycles."
Nobel laureate economist Paul Krugman described the run on the shadow banking system as the "core of what happened" to cause the crisis. "As the shadow banking system expanded to rival or even surpass conventional banking in importance, politicians and government officials should have realized that they were re-creating the kind of financial vulnerability that made the Great Depression possible—and they should have responded by extending regulations and the financial safety net to cover these new institutions. Influential figures should have proclaimed a simple rule: anything that does what a bank does, anything that has to be rescued in crises the way banks are, should be regulated like a bank." He referred to this lack of controls as "malign neglect."

</doc>
<doc id="19371260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371260" title="Kensington and Chelsea College">
Kensington and Chelsea College

Kensington and Chelsea College (West London Campus) is a provider of education and training in west London, United Kingdom.
Admissions.
Kensington and Chelsea College is a further and higher education college with students from a wide range of cultures and ages. It offers a range of courses from full and part-time to Higher Education, work-based learning and Apprenticeships. The college's standard of teaching is rated as good by Ofsted following its April 2012 inspection, and it recently became an associate college member for The National Skills Academy for Creative & Cultural. The college also has a network of support services for students, including assistance in finding and preparing for jobs after completing a course. The college's partner organisations include the V&A, the National Portrait Gallery, the Science Museum, the Royal Opera House, Hampton Court Palace and the Tower of London.
Kensington and Chelsea College operates from three locations in West London with its two main sites being the Chelsea Centre in Fulham, and the Wornington Centre in North Kensington. College sites and location:
History.
Sloane School.
The Sloane School had about 500 boys and was a grammar school on "Hortensia Road" in Chelsea. It was named after Sir Hans Sloane (1660–1753) after whom Sloane Square was named in 1771. The school library was opened on 25 November 1931 by Sir Hugh Walpole. It was administered by London County Council, and for many years from 1929 until 1961 the headmaster was Guy Boas (9 December 1896 - 26 March 1966) who encouraged much-acclaimed productions of Shakespeare. The school magazine was "The Cheynean".
Sloane School merged in 1970 with the nearby Carlyle School to become Pimlico Comprehensive School, and Pimlico Academy since 2008. The buildings became Chelsea Secondary School, then part of the college in 1990.
Carlyle School.
This was the analogous female school of the Sloane School, a girls' grammar school, whose former buildings became the Sloane School, having been built in 1908. Its buildings were extended in 1937, being officially opened on 4 February 1938. It had a separate governing body from the Sloane School from 1961. It had around 350 girls.
Awards and accreditations.
Kensington and Chelsea College has won the following awards as a professional training provider.
Centre of Vocational Excellence.
KCC offers courses for NHS employment. These diverse training programmes are of such high quality, the Government’s Learning and Skills Council has awarded KCC with Centre of Vocational Excellence (CoVE) status.
Charter Mark Award for Excellence.
KCC was re-assessed in October 2004, and as a result of the work and commitment to providing a quality service to customers KCC were awarded Charter Mark for a further three years.
Investor in People.
KCC was the first College in inner London to achieve Investors in People status and has maintained this standard, having been re-assessed in June 2007.
Matrix Quality Standard.
The MATRIX is a recognised quality standard for IAG services - which Kensington and Chelsea College IAG passed and gained for 3 years when inspected in 2006.
Organisation and courses.
There are currently 350 staff employed by Kensington and Chelsea College. 15% of students are aged 16–18.
Kensington and Chelsea College offers full-time, part-time and evening courses in a variety of subjects: Art, Photography, Teacher Training,Modern Foreign Languages, Business and Management, Sport and Fitness, Health, Care and Childcare, Construction, Craft and Design, English and Maths, Humanities, ESOL, Fashion and Millinery, Hairdressing and Beauty Therapy, Multimedia, Graphic Design and Video Production, IT and Music
The mission of Kensington and Chelsea College is to be a first class, first choice provider of further education for learners and employers, in a wide range of skills.

</doc>
<doc id="19371269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371269" title="Rosa Luxemburg Foundation">
Rosa Luxemburg Foundation

The Rosa Luxemburg Foundation ("Rosa-Luxemburg-Stiftung") is a German research foundation associated with The Left party. The organisation was founded in Berlin in 1990 as the "Social Analysis and Political Education Association". It was named after Rosa Luxemburg.
It considers itself part of the political movement for democratic socialism.
It is a discussion forum for political alternatives, and a centre for socialist ideas and research both in Germany and throughout the world.
Since 2001, the Foundation has been undertaking a wide range of political education projects with funds from the Foreign Office and the Federal Ministry for Development and Cooperation. Since 1999, the Rosa Luxemburg Foundation has been able to grant scholarships to nearly 900 students (including doctoral students) from Germany and abroad.
The Rosa Luxemburg Foundation has been recognised by The Left as the political education institution related to it. Within the framework of a network of foundations, it cooperates closely with independent local foundations. The foundation has about 100 staff in its Berlin headquarters, and offices in Brussels, Belgrade, Warsaw, Moscow, São Paulo, Quito, Mexico City, Johannesburg, Dakar, Tel Aviv, Ramallah, New Delhi, Beijing, New York City and Hanoi.

</doc>
<doc id="19371277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371277" title="Spectral concentration problem">
Spectral concentration problem

The spectral concentration problem in Fourier analysis refers to finding a time sequence whose discrete Fourier transform is maximally localized on a given frequency interval, as measured by the spectral concentration.
Spectral concentration.
The discrete-time Fourier transform (DTFT) "U"("f") of a finite series formula_1, formula_2 is defined as 
In the following, the sampling interval will be taken as Δ"t" = 1, and hence the frequency interval as 
"f" ∈ [-½,½]. "U"("f") is a periodic function with a period 1.
For a given frequency "W" such that 0<"W"<½, the spectral concentration formula_4 of "U"("f") on the interval [-"W","W"] is defined as the ratio of power of "U"("f") contained in the frequency band [-"W","W"] to the power of "U"("f") contained in the entire frequency band [-½,½]. That is,
It can be shown that "U"("f") has only isolated zeros and hence formula_6 (see Thus, the spectral concentration is strictly less than one, and there is no finite sequence formula_1 for which the DTFT can be confined to a band [-"W","W" and made to vanish outside this band.
Statement of the problem.
Among all sequences formula_8 for a given "T" and "W", is there a sequence for which the spectral concentration is maximum? In other words, is there a sequence for which the sidelobe energy outside a frequency band [-"W","W"] is minimum?
The answer is yes; such a sequence indeed exists and can be found by optimizing formula_4. Thus maximising the power 
leads to the following equation satisfied by the optimal sequence formula_1:
This is an eigenvalue equation for a symmetric matrix given by
It can be shown that this matrix is positive-definite, hence all the eigenvalues of
this matrix lie between 0 and 1. The largest eigenvalue of the above equation corresponds to the largest possible spectral concentration; the corresponding eigenvector is the required optimal sequence formula_1. This sequence is called a 0"th"–order Slepian sequence (also known as a discrete prolate spheroidal sequence, or DPSS), which is a unique taper with maximally suppressed sidelobes.
It turns out that the number of dominant eigenvalues of the matrix "M" that are close to 1, corresponds to "N=2WT" called as Shannon number. If the eigenvalues formula_16 are arranged in decreasing order (i.e., formula_17), then the eigenvector corresponding to formula_18 is called "nth"–order Slepian sequence (DPSS) (0≤"n"≤"N"-1). This "nth"–order taper also offers the best sidelobe suppression and is pairwise orthogonal to the Slepian sequences of previous orders formula_19. These lower order Slepian sequences form
the basis for spectral estimation by multitaper method.
Not limited to time series, the spectral concentration problem can be reformulated to apply on the surface of the sphere by using spherical harmonics, for applications in geophysics and cosmology among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19371316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371316" title="Ecumenical Patriarch Dionysius IV of Constantinople">
Ecumenical Patriarch Dionysius IV of Constantinople

Dionysius IV Mouselimes was Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople for five times, in 1671–1673, 1676–1679, 1682–1684, 1686–1687, and 1693–1694. He was born in Istanbul, where he grew up. He studied at the Phanar Greek Orthodox College and worked as an administrative officer at the Patriarchate. On 9 August 1662 he was elected bishop of Larissa, where he remained until 1671, when he was first elected Patriarch of Constantinople.
After his second term as Patriarch of Constantinople, from 1676 to 1679, he settled in Wallachia, a historical region of Romania. Dionysius was in conflict with Patriarch James, Patriarch of Constantinople from 1679 to 1682, whom he forced to resign in 1682. After is third term (1682–1684), when Parthenius IV (1684–1685) was restored for his fourth time, he moved to Chalcedon until 1686. He returned to Constantinople on 7 April 1686 and, on 17 October 1687, overthrew James again, who was restored for the first time (1685–1686).
He was imprisoned by the Ottoman Turks twice, in 1679, and from 1687 until 1688. After his final removal from the patriarchal throne in 1694, he retired in Bucharest, Romania. Dionysius died on 23 September 1696 at Târgoviște in Wallachia and was buried in Radu Vodă Monastery, a Romanian Orthodox monastery in Bucharest, where he lived his last years.
During his time of patriarchy he dealt with a large number of religious and political subjects including the position of the Orthodox church against the Protestant confessions and Calvinist theologians.

</doc>
<doc id="19371352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371352" title="Ariel Sganga">
Ariel Sganga

Ariel Sganga (born February 25, 1974 in Buenos Aires) is a male judoka from Argentina, who won the bronze medal in the men's half middleweight division (– 81 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. He represented his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
References.
Ariel Scanga -90Kg (ages 35–39) from Argentina took GOLD at the 4th IJF Grand Masters World Judo Championships in Miami.

</doc>
<doc id="19371366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371366" title="Kamagurka">
Kamagurka

Kamagurka, known as Luc Zeebroek (Nieuwpoort, Belgium, 5 May 1956), is a Belgian cartoonist, playwright, comic strip artist, painter, comedian, comedic singer and television producer, known for the absurd nature of his work. He has a big variety of comic figures, but "Bert en Bobje" are the most well-known. He also writes the scenarios for Herr Seele's comic, "Cowboy Henk".
Education.
Kamagurka studied Art in Bruges and later performed studies at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Ghent. However, he quit school before he would graduate.
During a schooltrip in Paris Kamagurka decided to go to the editorial building of the magazine "Hara Kiri". Only twenty years old, he ended up going there every two weeks to stay there for three days. Kamagurka still believes this to be his true education and the foundation of the rest of his career.
Career.
In 1972 he made his debut as cartoonist in "De Zeewacht". Three years later he became the regular cartoonist at the weekly magazine "HUMO", where he introduced cartoons inspired by the absurd and shocking comics and cartoons of Robert Crumb, Roland Topor and the controversial French magazine " Hara Kiri". In those first years the magazine received dozens of critical letters of readers in which Kamagurkas cartoons were attacked because people didn't understand them or because they saw them as too "vulguar". This made him a cultfigure. Until this day he is still one of the main cartoonists of the magazine.
Since the 1980s he also made a few cartoons with Herr Seele, with whom he also made several radio ("Studio Kafka", "Kamagurkistan") and televisionshows (like "Lava", "Johnnywood", "Wees blij met wat je hebt" and "Bob en George"). since 1981 they also make the comic Cowboy Henk, with Kamagurka responsible for the jokes and Seele making the drawings.
Kamagurka also paints and performs theater throughout Flanders and The Netherlands.
He has made music since the beginning of the 80s with singles as "Constant Degoutant", "Marjoleintje", "Een klein leger, maar een dik leger" (1981) and one censured by national radio "Weg met Boudewijn. Leve Fabiola". They called themselves "Kamagurka en de Vlaamse Primitieven". In 2000 he released a new album called: "Oh Sabrina, wat heb je met mijn snor gedaan?" with singles like the title song and "Nee, mijn lief: je bent niet te dik."
In 1985 he received the "Geuzenprijs" for his entire oeuvre.
Since from 2002 he paid large contributions to "De Laatste Show". In 2005 he also had a theater production with Jules Deelder: "Kamadeeldra".
Since 2006 he has been making television for "Man bijt Hond" with his show "De grens".
In 2008 Kamagurka does a huge artproject called "Kamalmanak".
The idea is that he makes a painting for each day in 2008, which is a leap year so in the end it will result in 366 paintings.
The project is sponsored by the businessman Marc Coucke, member of the board of directors of the company Omega Pharma. Coucke is not only an artlover but also a big admirer of the art of Luc Zeebroek.
During the Kamalmanak project he started to make short movies for the digital Dutch site NRC TV. While filming one of these short films he invented a new art movement called Accidentalism.
He has changed the art of portraits by what he calls 'Accidentalism'. It goes as follows: Kamagurka paints a portrait of someone he sees in his mind. Then he shows this portrait on television, in newspapers, on the internet..with the following questions: "Is this you ?" or "Do you know somebody who looks like this portrait ?" As evidence the person who has been painted by accident can send a picture. The person who looks most like the painted portrait is by the artist officially claimed as the portrayed one. That's how accidentalism works -par accident- French for accidental or coincidental.
Paintings.
In 2008 Kamagurka did a project called Kamalmanak, in which he painted daily a painting, in total 366, because 2008 was a leap-year. It is also the title of the book in which these paintings are pictured. The project was sponsored by business man Marc Coucke, member of the management of the company Omega Pharma. Coucke is an art lover and a big fan of Luc Zeebroek. In these paintings Kamagurka tries to look at the world with an amount of absurdish humour. He got his inspiration of various artart movements, as cubism and pop-art. His intention was to make in this way his international breakthrough.
He kept on painting after this in the same style, but with the slight difference that he kept on painting every day, but not necessarily finished a painting daily. He made a serial which he called "Veluxart", because the theme he painted was always close to a roof window. He painted a number of characters of comics (such as Tintin, The Smurfs, Batman) and comic action movie characters (Mickey Mouse, Goofy, Popeye, Fred Flintstone, Mijnheer de Uil) in a style which he typed as Neo-cubism. He tried to imagine how Picasso, Georges Braque or Juan Gris would have treated these subjects.
Another kind of art he practiced was called "Accidentalisme" (Accidentally made). He created a portrait of an unknown person, as he saw him/her with his own eye. After that he asked live on television after which person this man or woman on the painting looked, and strangely every time there was somebody who could proof these likeness by a photo.
Another series were the "Spiegeleipaintings" (Fried egg paintings: a chicken upon the yolk of a fried egg). He worked further with this theme and changed the chicken by i.e. three crosses on the Golgotha or by another fried egg.
His arts are really varied, with, for example, an official portrait of Queen Beatrix with a stubble. This is, according to the painter, that a queen changes into a king if you wait long enough. In other paintings, he's strongly influenced by Piet Mondriaan or Peter Paul Rubens or he uses the theme of another painter to make an own original work, such as "Déjeuner sur l'herbe" of Édouard Manet, which he transformed into "Déjeuner sous l'herbe".
Various
Kamagurka wins already since 1978 uninterruptedly in the category of "Best Painter" according to the readers of Humo. In 2010 he was beaten for the first time by Jonas Geirnaert. He ended number 4 in the top-10.
In the comical series Nero by Marc Sleen the title "De Smaragdgroene pletskop" shows a colonel who is called "Kamagurka" (line 71).
The group Osdorp Posse sampeled 2003 a part of Kamagurka's Kamiel Kafka to make their track "Sam Sam" on their album "Tegenstrijd".
Since its youth Kamagurka is a fan of the football squad KV Oostende, in which he's in the Board of Directors. In 2009 he got a stadium prohibit of three months because he had entered the playing field during the game in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19371376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371376" title="Reginald Welby, 1st Baron Welby">
Reginald Welby, 1st Baron Welby

Reginald Earle Welby, 1st Baron Welby GCB, PC (3 August 1832–30 October 1915) was a British peer, former Permanent Secretary to the Treasury and former President of the Royal Statistical Society.
Early life and education.
Born on his father's Rectory at Hareston in Lincolnshire, Welby was educated at Eton College where he became known amongst his friends as a "great footballer." He then went up to Trinity College, Cambridge, hoping for a career as a barrister following graduation, although his hopes never realised themselves. Instead he entered the Civil Service as a clerk in the Treasury in 1856 having graduated from Cambridge in 1855.
Career.
Welby held many posts during his tenure at the Treasury and was appointed Assistant Financial Secretary in 1880. In 1885, he succeeded Lord Lingen as Permanent Secretary to the Treasury, holding this office until his retirement in 1894. Following his retirement, he was raised to the peerage as Baron Welby, of Allington in the County of Lincoln, on 16 April 1894, although he did not play a great part in debates in the House of Lords. He was appointed a member of the Privy Council in 1913. Lord Welby also became an alderman of London County Council, eventually becoming its Chairman, and served as President of the International Free Trade Congress.
Personal life.
Lord Welby was involved in a motorcar accident in December 1914, which he recovered from; however, his subsequent instability caused his death in the autumn of 1915. Lord Welby never married and had no children; hence his title became extinct upon his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19371377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371377" title="Christoph Wilhelm von Kalckstein">
Christoph Wilhelm von Kalckstein

Christoph Wilhelm von Kalckstein (17 October 1682 – 2 June 1759) was a Prussian count, field marshal, teacher and educator of King Frederick II of Prussia.
Military career.
Kalckstein was born in Ottlau near Marienwerder, Ducal Prussia, to Christoph Albrecht von Kalckstein, laird of Knauten, Wogau and Schloditten near Pr. Eylau, and Marie Agnes von Lehwaldt. He was the grandson of Albrecht von Kalckstein and nephew of Christian Ludwig von Kalckstein, former opponents of Frederick William, Elector and Duke of Brandenburg-Prussia. 
Kalckstein joined the Hesse-Kassel Grenadier Regiment in 1702, taking part in the War of the Spanish Succession in 1704 and becoming adjutant of Prince Frederick of Hesse-Kassel, the later King Frederick I of Sweden. In 1709 Kalckstein entered the Prussian Army and became a Major in the King’s own Regiment (Leibregiment zu Fuss). In 1712 he conquered the citadel of Moers with only 300 men and fought against Sweden in the Great Northern War in Pomerania in 1715. He was promoted to a lieutenant colonel on 15 November 1715.
Educator of Frederick II of Prussia.
After his promotion to a Colonel on 17 August 1718, Kalckstein was assigned as the educator of the Prussian crown prince, Frederick. In this position he became a conciliator in the conflict between King Frederick William I and his son. However, he was ordered to keep a strict watch on the crown prince. After his wife, Christophera Erna Lukretia Brandt von Lindau, died on 25 January 1729, he was released from this position.
Later career.
Kalckstein became the Commander in Chief of an Infantry Regiment, Major General on 2 May 1733, and Lieutenant General on 3 February 1741. Since 5 November 1736 he was the supervisor of the Charité hospital in Berlin. Throughout the Silesian Wars he fought at Mollwitz, Chotusitz and Hohenfriedberg, became the Governor of the Fortress Glogau, and received the Order of the Black Eagle. On 24 May 1747 he was appointed the rank of a Generalfeldmarschall.
After Crown Prince August William died in 1758, Frederick II appointed Kalckstein as a custodian and educator of the later King Fredrick William II and his brothers.
Kalckstein died in Berlin and was buried at the Berlin Garnisonkirche (Garrison Church).

</doc>
<doc id="19371385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371385" title="Polymer fractionation">
Polymer fractionation

Polymers are chainlike molecules that are made of the same repetition unit. With a few exceptions such as proteins, a polymer consists of a mix of molecules with different chain lengths. Therefore average values are given for the molecular weight like the number average, the weight average or the viscosity average molar mass. A measure for the width of the molecular weight distribution is the polydispersity index. The targeted manipulation of the molecular weight distribution of a polymer by removing short and/or long chain material is called polymer fractionation.
Reasons for polymer fractionation.
The molecular weight of polymers has a large influence on their properties and therefore determines the applications. Among others the flow behavior, the solubility, the mechanical properties but also the lifetime are influenced by the molecular weight. For high duty polymers – polymers that have to fulfill elevated demands – not only the molecular weight but also the molecular weight distribution is important. This especially holds true if low and/or high molecular material disturbs a given task.
Analytical Methods.
Polymers can be fractionated on an analytical scale by size exclusion chromatography (SEC), Matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization (MALDI) or Field Flow Fractionation (FFF). These methods are used to determine the molecular weight distribution.
Preparative Methods.
In most cases the fractionation of polymers on a preparative scale is based on chromatographic methods (e.g. preparative SEC or Baker-Williams fractionation). Therefore the production is normally limited to few grams only. For large scales of several grams up to kg or even tons the “Continuous Spin Fractionation” can be used. F. Francuskiewicz gives an overview about preparative polymer fractionation.

</doc>
<doc id="19371475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371475" title="1994 AFL Rising Star">
1994 AFL Rising Star

The AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a standout young player in the Australian Football League. The award is also known as the Norwich Rising Star due to sponsorship reasons. The 1994 medal was won by Brisbane Bears player Chris Scott.
Eligibility and Nominations.
Every round, an Australian Football League rising star nomination is given to a standout young player. To be eligible for the award, a player must be under 21 on January 1 of that year, have played 10 or fewer senior games and not been suspended during the season. At the end of the year, one of the 22 nominees is the winner of award.

</doc>
<doc id="19371531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371531" title="Alex Ottiano">
Alex Ottiano

Alexander ("Alex") R. Ottiano (born February 4, 1976 in Providence, Rhode Island) is a male judoka from the United States, who twice won the bronze medal in the men's half lightweight division (– 66 kg) at the Pan American Games (1999 and 2003). He represented his native country in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19371560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371560" title="Serebro discography">
Serebro discography

This articles includes the discography of Russian girl group Serebro.
The band had released a total of 7 singles. Their debut single, Song #1, which had large attention worldwide, peaking at number 99 in UK, 68 in Switzerland, 35 in Sweden and 72 in Denmark. "Song #1" became their most commercial success single. Their next single, Dyshi was released in 2007. It became a little success single, peaking at number 2 in Russia, making their first single to chart in Russia. 
The band's next single "Opium", which was known as a comeback single, peaking at 1 in Russia, 2 in Moscow, 5 in Latvia and 35 in Ukraine. It became their second number, but threw references, it is currently their first. 
The band's fourth single "Skazhi, ne Molchi" became the band's second number 1, but had less success, becoming one of the band's most unsuccessful singles to date, but with good commercial success. While their last single, it became member Marina Lizorkina last single when she left the band.
The band released their debut album ""OpiumRoz"", released on 25 April 2009 in Russia and 2 March 2010 worldwide. It was released by Monolit Records and Symbolic Records. Although it didn't chart in any major charts, it had success threw online.
After the album was released, the band had announced a line-up change and replaced Lizorkina with new and current member Anastasia Karpova. On 24 August 2009, the band had released their fifth single "Sladko". It became successful in Russia, peaking at number 1 in Russia, and 5 in Latvia. It was emarked as another comeback single. After the singles release, the band's first EP "Izbrannoe", released on September 2009.
In April 2010, the band released their sixth single "Ne Vremya", which was the band's most recognisable single to date, peaking at number 6 in Russia, the band's first single to peak outside the top 5. The English version was released on September. 
The band's single, "Lets Hold Hands" was successful in their native Russia, peaking at 3 in Russia, 18 in Ukraine and 7 in Latvia. However, it was the group's single "Mama Lover" which received media attention around Europe, and peaked outside off the Russian Federation, charting in countries including Spain, Czech Republic and Italy. It reached over 20 million views on YouTube, over 250 parodies on YouTube as well, and is known as the group's most successful single to date. "Mama Lover", the group's second studio was released on June 19, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19371591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371591" title="Maurice Coyne">
Maurice Coyne

Maurice Coyne (born 21 March 1955, London) attended Colvestone Primary School in Dalston, and Upton House Secondary School in Hackney. In 1974 he formed the band 'Evil Ways' with Adrian Smith, John Hoye and Barry Tyler. In 1975 they were joined by singer David Hall. In 1976 the band changed their name to Urchin and were signed to DJM Records. They released their first single, "Black Leather Fantasy" in 1977. Coyne left the band for personal reasons in January 1978. He was replaced, briefly, by Dave Murray who overlapped with Coyne for a couple of months - (while Murray rehearsed and recorded, Coyne covered live gigs). Murray played on the band's second single, "She's A Roller", before rejoining Iron Maiden in early 1978.
In 1980, Coyne joined Berlyn and was later joined by the former Urchin bassist Alan Levett. Berlyn split in March 1983, following which Coyne took a break from the music industry for a few years. Berlyn had two albums of live and demo material released by the German label, High Roller Records.
In recent years Coyne has played in several rock covers bands, most notably 'Rewind' (which also featured Trevor Walker and Cliff Massey from Berlyn) and Pinnacle of Decline. He is currently lead guitarist with Full Metal Jacket.

</doc>
<doc id="19371609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371609" title="Shakeela">
Shakeela

Shakeela (born 19 November 1973) is an Indian actress who has appeared mostly in softcore and B movies. She mostly acted in film industries of Tamil, Telugu, Punjabi Kannada and Malayalam languages. She started out as an actor in B-grade movies in the early 1990s. Later she moved to Chennai seeking a career in South Indian film industry. Shakeela debuted through the Tamil soft porn movie, ‘Playgirls’ at the age of 20 as a supporting actress. She is termed as Right Successor of Silk Smitha.
Career.
Shakeela's first movie was a Tamil soft porn movie named ""Playgirls"", in which Silk Smitha was the leading actress. After that she acted in many B graded movies. Her big hit film was Kinnarathumbikal in Malayalam, which brought her under limelight. She did few controversial topless scenes in her initial movies, but used body-doubles in her later movies. She had become popular by acting in B-grade Malayalm films .
The returns on these films are assured even if they run only in 30 to 40 stations. Her popular B-Grade films were dubbed and released in almost all Indian languages. Her films were dubbed even into foreign languages like Nepalese, Chinese, Sinhala etc. After she acted in several movies, the soft-porn movie industry in India was colloqiuly called as "Shakeela films".
Shakeela has started appearing in comedy oriented family character roles in Tamil, Telugu and Kannada since 2003.
She is going to write autobiography which is supposed to include all her acqintances with notable film personalities, politicians and childhood friends. She acted in more than 110 movies.
Shakeela Filmography.
As an actor.
Shakeela has featured in over 100 films in Malayalam, Tamil, Hindi, kannanda and Telugu in various roles.
References.
6. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAtoUT6Ij-A

</doc>
<doc id="19371612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371612" title="Škoda Pick-up">
Škoda Pick-up

Škoda Pickup may refer to two different car models produced by Škoda Auto:

</doc>
<doc id="19371628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371628" title="Tateda Station">
Tateda Station

Layout.
1 elevated track with a side platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19371634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371634" title="Parsix">
Parsix

Parsix GNU/Linux is a live and installation DVD based on Debian. The Parsix project's goal is to provide a ready to use, easy to install, desktop and laptop optimized operating system based on Debian's stable branch and the latest stable release of GNOME desktop environment. It is possible to install extra software packages from the projects's own APT repositories. The Parsix DVD can be run from an optical disc drive or other media, i.e. USB-stick, without using a hard disk drive. Initial versions of Parsix GNU/Linux were remastered using Kanotix. Parsix GNU/Linux comes with a desktop optimized, custom patched kernel. Parsix enables by default
Logo.
The Parsix logo is inspired by stone flower carvings found in Persepolis.
Usage.
Parsix GNU/Linux is designed to be used as a Live CD, Live USB or installed operating system in to hard disk drive. Live mode is useful for operations such as data recovery, hard drive partitioning etc.
Versions.
History.
The first version of Parsix GNU/Linux was announced on February 2005 by Alan Baghumian. Seeking a more stable platform, the project started using Debian testing branch as of version 0.85. Starting with version 0.90, Parsix uses characters from the movie Happy Feet to name their releases. The project's own APT repositories were launched on February 2008. The multimedia (a.k.a. "Wonderland") repository launched on September 2010. The Parsix project started to offer security updates for their stable and testing branches as of December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19371645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371645" title="Rubert Martínez">
Rubert Martínez

Rubert Martínez Texidor (born July 16, 1985) is a male judoka from Cuba, who won the silver medal in the men's lightweight division (– 73 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games. He represented his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, where he was defeated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="19371648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371648" title="Longital">
Longital

Longital (until 2006 known as Dlhé diely) is a Slovak music group. They take their name from the old name for the Bratislava suburb, Dlhé diely, in which they live.
Members.
The group consists of Daniel Salontay and Shina or Šina Lo (real name Jana Lokšenincová). They also credit a third, electronic member of the group, Xi-di-nim (a back formation from minidisk), consisting of a laptop and Lemur Jazz Mutant, which provides the percussion and other electronic elements. 
Salontay studied mathematics and formerly taught computer programming; between 1997 and 1998 he studied guitar at Tri-C College, Cleveland, but left due to dissatisfaction with the school's curriculum [http://www.spectator.sk/articles/view/14608/9/]. In the group he plays the guitar, often bowed, and sings.
Shina studied engineering and worked as a graphic designer. She plays fretless bass and takes most of the vocal responsibilities.
History.
Salontay and Shina became a couple in 1997 in Cleveland. In 2000 they formed the band Dlhé Diely with which they released 5 albums on their own label Slnko Records [http://www.slnkorecords.sk/]. The label soon gained respect in the music community and business, and grew steadily to became probably the largest independent label in Slovakia.
The band first came to attention internationally after appearing at the The Big Chill (music festival) in 2005 still as Dlhé diely. In 2006 the duo changed their name to Longital, released the album "Voyage", and began to tour extensively in Europe. In 2008 the band released the album "Gloria". Longital's US debut was in early 2010 at SXSW Austin.
The band has also played at Pohoda festival Slovakia, the International Guitar festival Clonakilty Ireland, Mediawave Hungary, United Islands of Prague, Colours of Ostrava, Gena Festival Switzerland, and a number of festivals in France : Europavox Vichy, Mimi Marseille, Les Nuits Europeennes Strasbourg, Le printemps de Bourges, Les Oreilles en Pointe Unieux, Electro choc Bourgon, Gare aux Oreilles Coustellet, and Musiques Innovatrices St.Etienne.
In 2007, Longital toured with The Frames. The duo also shared the stage with Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova, Emiliana Torrini, Moloko, The Ruby Suns, Tujiko Noriko, Lali Puna, Black, Claire Di Terzi, Aaron, Xploding plastix, Medeski-Martin-Wood, Ralph Myerz, The Levelers, Susanne and the Magic Orchestra and Nina Hynes.
Style.
The group's website describes their songs as, "drifted by ambient sounds, organic electronics, eastern European beats and a touch of psychedelia" [http://www.longital.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13&Itemid=29&lang=en], while on their Myspace site they categorise themselves as, "Alternative/electronica".
Longital invite comparisons to Nordic brethren Sigur Rós, playing bowed guitars and singing in a language understood by few outside of their homeland. Before forming Longital, Salontay was schooled jazz musician steeped in the traditional music of Iran and India, Shina was a poet and folk singer. The duo create a sound informed by music from far-flung reaches of the globe but still distinguished by its Eastern European provenance, a touch of technology and experimentation.

</doc>
<doc id="19371650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371650" title="Noichi Station">
Noichi Station

Layout.
2 elevated tracks with side platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19371672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371672" title="Yoshikawa Station (Kōchi)">
Yoshikawa Station (Kōchi)

Layout.
1 track with a side platform. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19371690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371690" title="Samuel Kinkead">
Samuel Kinkead

Samuel Marcus Kinkead (25 February 1897 – 12 March 1928) was a South African fighter ace with 33 victories during World War I. He went on to serve in southern Russia and the Middle East postwar.
Early life.
Kinkead was born in Johannesburg, South Africa, to an Irish father and Scottish mother who had recently emigrated to South Africa. He was the second son, with an elder brother named Thompson Calder Kinkead, born circa 1893.
Samuel Kinkead joined the Royal Naval Air Service in September, 1915. He took pilot training at Eastbourne in South Africa. He earned his wings by the end of 1915.
World War I Active Service.
Samuel Kinkead served in 2 Wing RNAS during the Battle of Gallipoli. While flying a Bristol Scout, he shot down a Fokker on 11 August 1916. He also scored on 28 August 1916 while flying a Nieuport, and was credited with a third victory while flying a Nieuport.
He fell ill with a serious case of malaria and was shipped home to convalesce. Upon recovery, he was forwarded to England, where his older brother Thompson was training as a pilot in the Royal Flying Corps. While on his second solo flight on 3 September 1917, Thompson died in a crash at Shoreham. Samuel signed for his deceased brother's personal effects.
Samuel Kinkead was assigned to 1 Naval Squadron to fly Nieuports on the Western Front. Exactly two weeks after his brother's death, on 17 September 1917, he drove down a DFW two-seater out of control. A month later, he repeated the feat to become an ace. He went on to claim three more triumphs in October.
In November and December 1917, he downed three planes each. In mid November, he switched 'birds' to fly a Sopwith Camel, the type of plane he would fly through war's end. Then, with his tally at 14, he went on hiatus for three months. During this time, on 22 February, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross.
In March, 1918, he started accumulating victories by ones and twos, finishing up May with his total at 26. Most of the time, he drove enemy craft out of the fight; he reported few destroyed. However, he received a Bar to his DSC on 26 April 1918. Then, on 30 May, he broke his string again, this time for two months.
He scored on each of the last three days of July, and four times in August, bringing his total to 33. He had become the leading ace out of the 18 in his squadron, now renumbered 201 Squadron when it was folded into the newly formed Royal Air Force. On 3 August, he received the Distinguished Flying Cross. On 2 November, he was awarded a bar to his DFC.
Out of the victories whose details are recorded, Kinkead claimed 23 enemy planes 'out of control' including 3 shared. He destroyed 5, and shared in the destruction of 2 others. 1 aircraft was claimed captured.
Post World War I.
Kinkead volunteered to serve with 47 Squadron after war's end, when they were sent into Russia to intercede in the Russian Civil War. He served as B Flight Commander under Raymond Collishaw. The squadron operated from an equipped train. It was while supporting General Denikin's Royalists that, on 12 October 1919, he won the Distinguished Service Order for a crucial ground attack against a Bolshevik cavalry division near Kotluban, thus saving the city of Tsaritsyn from capture. He also shot down three Russian fighters during this campaign: on 30 September 1919, at Chernyi Yar; on 7 October, at Dubovka; and on 18 October at Peskovatka.
He was a member of the British 1927 Schneider Trophy team, retiring in the Gloster IV after five laps. His third lap speed of 277.18 mph was the fastest biplane seaplane flight ever recorded.
Death.
In 1928, while in command of the RAF High Speed Flight, Kinkead was killed in a plane crash as he tried to become the first man to travel at more than five miles a minute in a Supermarine S.5 near Calshot England. The circumstances of his death have never been satisfactorily explained although a verdict of death by misadventure was passed at the inquest. The witnesses to the crash thought Kinkead was flying very low and very fast when his S.5 dived into moderately deep water near the Calshot Lightship. Although the RAF Duty Motorboat quickly buoyed the wreck site it took two days for the salvage vessel to find and retrieve the wreckage that had split into two parts. The remains were taken to Calshot and the controls were laid out on the slipway to check for any technical fault but the inspector could find nothing technically wrong with the machine. It was at first thought that Kinkead had been thrown clear of the machine during the crash but his body was found, minus half of his head, compressed into the tail. The tail had to be cut open in order to retrieve the body. It was quite obvious that Sam Kinkead had died instantly.
Although neither the RAF inquiry nor the Coroner's Inquest were able to give a definitive cause for the accident D'Arcy Grieg, the pilot who took over from Kinkead, had his own theory as to what had happened. He ruled out mechanical failure of the aircraft because they were too well maintained but said Kinkead was killed by a combination of factors including recovering from a bout of Malaria that would have him feeling, ' a bit below par.' It was March and late in the afternoon. The sea was glass calm and therefor impossible to judge height accurately and there was a mist so he had no horizon when coming in. Grieg also thought the fumes from the engine and the heat from the oil coolers would have turned the cockpit into an extremely hot Turkish Bath. The autopsy, however, had found no evidence for carbon monoxide poisoning. Flying at over 300 MPH and at no higher than 150 feet Kinkead was never more than half a heart beat from disaster.
Kinkead was buried at All Saints' Church, Fawley – the headstone on his grave reads:In memory of Flight Lieutenant Samuel Marcus Kinkead DSO DSC DFC who, on 12 March 1928 while flying at Calshot, gave his life in an attempt to break the world's speed record.
Awards.
Distinguished Service Cross.
In recognition of the conspicuous gallantry and skill displayed by him in the face of the enemy in aerial combats, notably on the following occasions:
On 24 October 1917, he brought down an enemy machine, and immediately afterwards encountered and drove off a group of seven hostile aeroplanes. On 4 December 1917, he brought down an enemy two-seater machine completely out of control. By his skill and determination in attacking enemy machines he has always shown a fine example to other pilots.
Distinguished Service Cross Bar.
Flt. Lieut. Samuel Marcus Kinkead, D.S.C., R.N.A.S.
For the skill and courage displayed by him as a pilot. On 22 March 1918, he attacked and drove down out of control an Albatros scout which was attacking a French machine. He has brought down many other enemy machines. He is an exceptionally good pilot, and a clever and plucky fighter, and has performed very fine work, both on offensive patrols and on low flying missions.
Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC).
Lt. (T./Capt.) Samuel Marcus Kinkead, D.S.C.
A skilful and gallant leader, who has attacked enemy formations superior in numbers with marked success. In a recent engagement his patrol flew to the assistance of some of our machines which were greatly outnumbered by the enemy, and succeeded in accounting for three enemy machines and scattered the remainder.
Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) Bar.
Lt. (T./Capt.) Samuel Marcus Kinkead, D.S.C., D.F.C.
On a recent date this officer engaged a large party of troops in a wood. The engagement lasted for an hour, but so persistent was his attack that the enemy finally broke and dispersed. During this attack he was harassed by six hostile scouts. Later on he shot down an enemy two-seater in our lines. A bold and daring airman.
Distinguished Service Order (DSO).
Flying Officer Samuel Marcus Kinkead, D.S.C., D.F.C. (late H.L. Inf. and R.N.A.S.), " A " Detachment.
On 12 October 1919, near Kotluban, this officer led a formation of Camel machines and attacked the Cavalry Division of Dumenko.
By skilful tactics in low flying he dispersed this force, which had turned the left flank of the Caucasian Army, and threatened to jeopardise the whole defence of Tzaritzin.
Flying Officer Kinkead has carried out similar attacks on enemy troops, batteries, camps and transport with great success at considerable personal risk.

</doc>
<doc id="19371705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371705" title="1995 AFL Rising Star">
1995 AFL Rising Star

The AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a standout young player in the Australian Football League. The award is also known as the Norwich Rising Star due to sponsorship reasons. The 1995 medal was won by Hawthorn Hawks player Nick Holland.
Eligibility and Nominations.
Every round, an Australian Football League rising star nomination is given to a standout young player. To be eligible for the award, a player must be under 21 on January 1 of that year, have played 10 or fewer senior games and not been suspended during the season. At the end of the year, one of the 22 nominees is the winner of award.

</doc>
<doc id="19371710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371710" title="Plebejus eumedon">
Plebejus eumedon

The Geranium Argus ("Plebejus eumedon") is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 26–30 mm. The butterfly flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Geranium species.

</doc>
<doc id="19371728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371728" title="Akaoka Station">
Akaoka Station

Layout.
2 elevated tracks with side platforms. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19371754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371754" title="Kagami Station">
Kagami Station

Layout.
1 elevated track with a side platform. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19371756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371756" title="Gabriel Arteaga">
Gabriel Arteaga

Gabriel Israel Arteaga Risquet (born October 12, 1976) is a male judoka from Cuba, who won a gold and a silver medal in the men's half middleweight division (– 81 kg) at the Pan American Games (1999 and 2003). He represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000 in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19371771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371771" title="Rambler Badge">
Rambler Badge

The Rambler Badge is an award of the Rovers section of Scouts Canada. It is one of the few Rover merit badges, and the highest non-yearly award a Rover can receive. Rovers can receive multiple Rambler Badges over time. The award is, and has been, used by the Rover sections of other Scout associations.

</doc>
<doc id="19371787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371787" title="Plebejus idas">
Plebejus idas

The Idas Blue or Northern Blue (Plebejus idas) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the northerern regions of the Palearctic ecozone and the Nearctic ecozone.
Flies from June to August depending on location.
Wingspan: 17 to 28 mm.
The larvae feed on Calluna and Fabaceae species.

</doc>
<doc id="19371792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371792" title="Stanfour">
Stanfour

Stanfour are a German rock band who formed in 2004. The band was founded on the German island of Föhr where the four core members live. Already prior to the band's formation, brothers Alexander and Konstantin Rethwisch spent years in Los Angeles working closely together with a producer of film music. This is one of several reasons for the band's American style of music.
History.
The name Stanfour was also created in the USA, when the four musicians frequented a café. On Konstantin's cup was written "Stan" (abbreviation of his name). After a conversation with the waitress, the latter suggested Stanfour as a band name and as the group did not have a name at the time, they accepted it and have since kept the name Stanfour.
In September 2007 they released their debut single "Do it all" which entered the German charts on rank 46. Their second single "For all Lovers" was chosen as theme song for the Sat. 1 TV show "Nur die Liebe zählt" and stayed in the German charts for 18 weeks. The third single is called "Desperate". Their first album "Wild Life" was released on 29 February 2008. It was mainly recorded in Stockholm, Sweden, and in the band's studio on Föhr, but also in Los Angeles.
Stanfour toured with John Fogerty and the Backstreet Boys and played on shows with Bryan Adams, Daughtry and OneRepublic. In September 2008 a club tour was started in Germany. In November 2008 they were nominated in the "Best Newcomer" category for the "EinsLive Krone" music award in Germany.
During October and November 2009 they toured through Germany as opening acts for a-ha's "Foot of the Mountain" tour. In December 2009, the second album "Rise and Fall", produced and recorded entirely by Stanfour, was published. The band has grown and their sound has become slightly more electronical and lighter. The first single "Wishing you Well" from this album reached #10 of the German charts. The title "Tired Again" is also featured in Til Schweiger's 2009 film "Zweiohrküken".
In 2010, the album "Rise and Fall" reached gold status in Germany for 100,000 shipped copies. Stanfour represented Schleswig-Holstein with their song "Sail on" in the 2010 Bundesvision Song Contest and reached rank 7 in the competition.
In November 2011, founding member Eike Lüchow left the band to focus on other musical projects.
Stanfour released a new single entitled "Learning to Breathe" on April 27, 2012. Their third studio album "October Sky" was released in Germany on 11 May 2012. It is more electronic and experimental than the band's earlier works and has been compared to the music of Coldplay.

</doc>
<doc id="19371799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371799" title="Yasu Station (Kōchi)">
Yasu Station (Kōchi)

Layout.
1 elevated island platform with 2 tracks. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19371801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371801" title="Iphiclides feisthamelii">
Iphiclides feisthamelii

The Southern Swallowtail ("Iphiclides feisthamelii") is a butterfly found in Italy, Spain, Portugal, Morocco, Algeria, and Tunisia. 
The larva feeds on "Prunus amygdalus", "P. persica", "P.insitia", "P. longpipes", "Pyrus communis", "Malus domesticus" and "Crataegus oxyacantha".

</doc>
<doc id="19371810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371810" title="1991 Major League Baseball Draft">
1991 Major League Baseball Draft

First round selections.
The following are the first round picks in the 1991 Major League Baseball draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19371814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371814" title="Redistribution (election)">
Redistribution (election)

Redistribution is the process, used in many Commonwealth countries, by which electoral districts are added, removed, or otherwise changed. Redistribution is a form of boundary delimitation that changes electoral district boundaries, usually in response to periodic census results. Redistribution is required by law or constitution at least every decade in most representative democracy systems that use first-past-the-post or similar electoral systems to prevent geographic malapportionment. The act of manipulation of electoral districts to favour a candidate or party is called gerrymandering.
Australia.
In Australia, redistributions are carried out by independent and non-partisan commissioners in the Commonwealth, and in each state or territory. The various electoral acts require the population of each seat to be equal, within certain strictly limited variations. The longest period between two redistributions can be no greater than seven years. Many other triggers can force redistribution before the chronological limit is reached. The redistribution is drafted by civil servants.
Canada.
In Canada, the constitution mandates that redistribution occur "on the completion of each decennial census." District boundaries are based on electoral quotients, with some exceptions. When the census indicates that a population change has occurred, an independent boundary commission issues a report of recommended changes. Changes are only made if passed into law—by Parliament for national redistribution, by the provincial legislature for provincial redistribution.
India.
India has an established process to redistribute its legislative districts. Redistributions are approved by political appointees to the Boundary Commission of India.
Ireland.
Elections to Dáil Éireann and to councils and local authorities are by single transferable vote (STV), using geographic constituencies which return three or more representatives. The number of representatives for each district is proportional to population. Boundary revisions may involve changing the number of constituencies, reapportioning the number of representatives returned from them, or adjusting the constituencies' borders. For example, the Electoral (Amendment) Act of 2005 replaced the five-seat Meath constituency with two three-seat constituencies, Meath East and Meath West, both of which also acquired territory previously in other constituencies.
Redistribution is done by the Oireachtas, acting on the advice of the Constituency Commission which is an independent body established by the 1997 Electoral Act. Redistribution prior to 1977 was done without independent input and subject to the partisan concerns of the government of the day.
Japan.
Japan does not have an established process to redistribute its legislative districts. The frequency of redistributions is irregular and not triggered a particular event. Redistributions are approved by the national legislature.
New Zealand.
New Zealand has a fixed process to determine how its legislative districts are redistributed. Redistribution in New Zealand happens every five years following the census.
Philippines.
In the Philippines, redistricting is carried out by Congress after every decennial census is published. However, Congress has never passed a general redistricting act, and instead redistricts provinces or cities piecemeal, or creates new provinces or cities with legislative districts. The last general redistricting law was via the ordinance in the 1987 constitution, which was based from the 1980 census. The creation of a new province or city needs the approval of the public via a plebiscite, while piecemeal redistricting does not need a plebiscite.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, there are four Boundary Commissions (one each for England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland) responsible for reviewing the boundaries of Parliamentary constituencies. Members of Boundary Commissions are political appointees.
United States.
In the United States, redistribution occurs after each decennial census. Most states' legislative district redistributions are approved by the state legislature. Supreme Court rulings (such as the one man, one vote principle) require that legislative districts have roughly equal populations.

</doc>
<doc id="19371868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371868" title="Swords &amp; Spells">
Swords &amp; Spells

Swords & Spells is a supplementary rulebook by Gary Gygax for the original edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. Its product designation is TSR 2007.
Contents.
"Swords & Spells" was a supplement of miniature rules, for use with the original "D&D" set. It provided miniature-scale battle rules more compatible with "D&D" than those of "Chainmail".
Publication history.
"Swords & Spells" was written by Gary Gygax, with art by David C. Sutherland III, and was published by TSR in 1976 as a 48-page digest-sized book.
"Swords & Spells" was published by TSR, Inc. in 1976, the fifth and final supplement to the original "Dungeons & Dragons" boxed set, and can be referred to as "Supplement V", with supplements "Greyhawk" and "Blackmoor" having been released in the previous year, and "Eldritch Wizardry" and "Gods, Demi-gods & Heroes" released previously in the same year. It does not, however, bear the official "Supplement V" designation on the cover, as "Gods, Demi-gods & Heroes" is stated in its introduction to be "the last D&D supplement." "Swords & Spells"' product designation was TSR 2007.
The 45-page "Swords & Spells" has been billed as "The fantasy-based successor to "Chainmail"," and indeed is stated within the introductory text to be "the grandson of CHAINMAIL." The "Chainmail" rules originally formed the measurement and combat systems for the Dungeons & Dragons game, as the "D&D" rules could be cumbersome when conducting battles between armies. Improvisation was required, since "D&D" contained monsters and spells not covered in "Chainmail". In "Swords & Spells" Gygax tried to fix this problem by introducing a diceless approach for large battles which averaged each monster's "D&D" statistics.
"Swords & Spells" proved unpopular, and its rules were discarded in later editions of "D&D".
Reception.
Lawrence Schick, in his 1991 book "Heroic Worlds", felt that this book was "Sloppily produced, with some howling blunders in the rules."
Additional reading.
Review: "The Space Gamer" #11 (1977)

</doc>
<doc id="19371869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371869" title="Plebejus nicias">
Plebejus nicias

The Silvery Argus (Aricia nicias) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Alps, Pyrenees and from Scandinavia ranging to Siberia and the north of Mongolia.
The wingspan is 25–28 mm. The butterfly flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Geranium" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19371889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371889" title="Mealy Mountains">
Mealy Mountains

The Mealy Mountains is a mountain range in the southern portion of Labrador in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. The mountains lie south of Lake Melville and cover an area of approximately 26,495 km² (10,231 mi²).
The Mealy Mountains encompass five of Labrador’s ten provincial ecoregions, including coastal barrens, high sub arctic tundra, high boreal forest, mid boreal forest, and string bog. The mountain range reach heights of more than , with the highest peak being more than .
National Park.
A significant portion of the mountain range and surrounding area has been recently designated a potential National Park Reserve, a move which follows lobbying for the preservation of the area since the early 1970s. The governments of Canada (Parks Canada) and Newfoundland and Labrador (Ministry of Environment and Conservation) have agreed to pursue creation of a National Park Reserve, which would see the area managed as if it were a national park, pending settlement of Native land claims. Once settled, the area would likely be designated a national park, comprising approximately 20,000 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19371903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371903" title="Yosvany Despaigne">
Yosvany Despaigne

Yosvany Oreidis Despaigne Terry (born April 13, 1976 in Cienfuegos) is a male judoka from Cuba, who twice won the bronze medal in the men's middleweight division (– 90 kg) at the Pan American Games (1999 and 2003). 
He represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 in Atlanta, Georgia. His younger brother Oreidis Despaigne was also competing as a judoka on the international level.

</doc>
<doc id="19371905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371905" title="John A. Choi Jae-seon">
John A. Choi Jae-seon

John A. Choi Jae-seon (January 7, 1912 – June 3, 2008) was a South Korean prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Jae-seon was born in Ulsan, South Korea, and was ordained a priest on June 11, 1938 in the Diocese of Pusan. Jae-seon was appointed a Vicar Apostolic for the Diocese of Pusan as well as Titular Bishop of Fussala on January 26, 1957 and was ordained on May 26, 1957. He was appointed bishop of Diocese of Pusan on March 10, 1962 but resigned on September 19, 1973 after being appointed Titular Bishop of Tanaramusa.
Jae-Seon died on June 3, 2008 at age of 96.
During the Vietnam War (1956-1975) he was known for giving Saint Christopher medals and Rosaries and giving them out to American G.I.s on R & R in Japan (also to GI's stationed as peacekeeping forces in South Korea). The medals were inscribed with the Veterans Initials. 
It was erroneously believed that the Bishop gave out Saint Christopher medals during the Korean War but he wasn't a Bishop until 1957 (4 years after the cease fire was signed).

</doc>
<doc id="19371911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371911" title="A Boxful of Treasures">
A Boxful of Treasures

A Boxful of Treasures is a 2004 compilation box set of recordings by folk singer Sandy Denny and comprises solo material and recordings made during her time as a member of Fotheringay, Fairport Convention, and other groups. The fifth CD contains previously unreleased tracks, most of which are demos recorded at Denny's home.
Track listing.
All songs are credited to Sandy Denny except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19371915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371915" title="Nishibun Station">
Nishibun Station

Layout.
1 elevated track with a side platform. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19371944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371944" title="Plebejus optilete">
Plebejus optilete

The Cranberry Blue ("Plebejus optilete") is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in North Eastern Europe, the Alps, North Asia, Japan, Korea and North Western North America.
The length of the forewings is ca. 14 mm. The butterfly flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Vaccinium oxycoccos", "Empetrum nigrum", Bilberry and other Cranberry and "Empetrum" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19371952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371952" title="Wajiki Station">
Wajiki Station

Layout.
2 elevated tracks with side platforms. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19371966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371966" title="Ma liberté de penser">
Ma liberté de penser

"Ma liberté de penser" is a 2003 pop song recorded by French singer Florent Pagny. It was the first single from his album "Ailleurs land", and was released in March 2003. It achieved a huge success in France and Belgium (Wallonia), topping the singles charts for several weeks.
Song information.
The song was composed both by Lionel Florence and Pascal Obispo who had previously worked with Pagny. It was also performed during Pagny's 2003 and 2005 tours and was hence available in live versions on tha album "Été 2003 à l'Olympia" and "Baryton - L'intégrale du spectacle".
The song is an ironic response to the treasury which, at the time, pursued the singer for unreported income. In the lyrics, Pagny claims that they could take all at the material level, but that they shall never take his independence of mind. In the video, a bailiff and repo men are emptying the singer's apartment.
In France, the single went straight to number six on 29 March 2003 and reached number one from its fourth to its ninth week. It then did not stop to drop, totalling 14 weeks in the top ten, 18 weeks in the top 50 and 21 weeks on the charts (top 100). It remains Pagny's third biggest hit in terms of sales and the 590th best-selling single of all time in France.
In 2008, the song was covered in a medley named "Au secret" by Amel Bent, Karen Mulder and a choir from Strasbourg, available on Les Enfoirés' album "Les Secrets des Enfoirés".

</doc>
<doc id="19371981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371981" title="1994 Major League Baseball Draft">
1994 Major League Baseball Draft

First round selections.
The following are the first round picks in the 1994 Major League Baseball draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19371985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19371985" title="Sir Duncan Swann, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Duncan Swann, 2nd Baronet

Sir (Charles) Duncan Swann, 2nd Baronet (27 January 1879 - 10 March 1962), was a British barrister, journalist, author and Liberal politician.
He was born as Charles Duncan Schwann, the eldest son of Charles Edward Schwann and Elizabeth Duncan. His grandfather was Mr J F Schwann, originally of Frankfurt, Germany.
Schwann was educated at Eton College and Balliol College, Oxford, graduating in 1901. He began a career in journalism, serving on the staff of the "Bolton Evening News" and the "Star" and "Evening News" in London. In 1904 he was called to the bar at the Inner Temple.
At the 1906 general election he was elected as Liberal MP for Hyde, defeating the sitting Conservative member Edward Chapman. Schwann only served one term in parliament, retiring in 1910.
He married Dorothy Margaret Johnson in 1909, and they had two sons.
In 1913 his father, member of parliament for Manchester North, obtained a royal licence for himself and his issue changing the family surname to Swann. On the death of his father in 1929, he succeeded to his baronetcy, created in 1906.
He was the author of a number of works of fiction and humour including "The Magic of the Hill : a Romance of Montmartre" (1911), "The Book of a Bachelor" (1912), "Molyneux of Mayfair" (1912), "A Villa in the South" (1919), "Swans Down" (1922) and "The Book Of A Benedict" (1923).

</doc>
<doc id="19372009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372009" title="Akano Station">
Akano Station

Layout.
1 elevated track with a side platform. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19372018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372018" title="India at the Paralympics">
India at the Paralympics

India made its Summer Paralympic début at the 1968 Games, competed again in 1972, and then was absent until the 1984 Games. The country has participated in every edition of the Summer Games since then. It has never participated in the Winter Paralympic Games.
In 1972 at the Heidelberg Games, Petkar swam the 50 meter freestyle in a world record time of 37.331 seconds to give India her first ever Gold. India finished 24th out of the 42 participating nations. In 1984, Joginder Singh Bedi won silver at the Men's Shot Put and followed it up with a pair of bronze winning performances in the Discus and Javelin throws. Another Indian, Bhimrao Kesarkar, won the silver medal in the Javelin. India finished 37th out of the 54 participating nations.
After the success of the cooperative effort between the ICC and the IOC, which resulted in the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, the ICC determined the need to expand and include representatives from all nations that had disability sports programs. The 1988 Summer Paralympics were the first Paralympics in 24 years that take place in the same city as the Olympic Games. This was the first time the term Paralympic Games came into official use.They also deemed it necessary to include athletes in the decisions of the Paralympic governing body. Consequently this body was reorganized as the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) in 1989.The IPC is the global governing body of the Paralympic Movement. It comprises 165 National Paralympic Committees (NPC) and four disability-specific international sports federations.
India continued to participate in each Paralympic Games thereafter, but failed to make an impact till the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens when Devendra Jhajharia, Javelin thrower, won gold and Rajinder Singh won bronze for powerlifting in the 56-kg category. India finished 53rd out of the 136 nation field.[http://www.thesportscampus.com/beijing-news/india-paralympic-games-2008] H. N. Girisha, an Indian athlete born with a disability in the left leg, won the silver medal in the 2012 Paralympic games held in London in the men's high jump F-42 category.
2012 Games Village Controversy.
During the 2012 Summer Paralympics it was reported that coaches and escorts of the Indian Team were denied accommodation in the Games Village because their permits were being used by officials of the Paralympic Committee of India. The Team's 10 athletes were to be assisted by six coaches and five escorts, but only two escorts were given passes; Paralympic Committee general Secretary Ratan Singh confirmed that he had brought his son, that the Committee president had brought his wife, and the treasurer had brought his wife and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19372021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372021" title="Plebejus orbitulus">
Plebejus orbitulus

The Alpine Argus ("Plebejus orbitulus") is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Alps (ranging from the French Alps to Slovenia and Austria) and the mountains of Norway and Sweden.
The wingspan is 25–30 mm. The butterfly flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Astragalus alpinus".

</doc>
<doc id="19372045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372045" title="Regenerative thermal oxidizer">
Regenerative thermal oxidizer

A regenerative thermal oxidizer (RTO) is an industrial process for the treatment of exhaust air. The system uses a bed of ceramic material to absorb heat from the exhaust gas. It then uses this captured heat to preheat the incoming process gas stream and destroy air pollutants emitted from process exhaust streams at temperatures ranging from 815°C (1,500 F) to 980°C (1,800 F). 
These gas streams are usually produced by processes requiring ventilation, including paint booths, printing, and paper mills. Municipal waste treatment facilities such as mechanical biological treatment plants are required by law in Germany to incorporate these systems. Biological alternatives to this system include biofilters and bioscrubbers. 
They are suited to applications with low VOC concentrations but high waste stream flow rates. This is due to their high thermal energy recovery. The basic operation of an RTO consists of passing a hot gas stream over a heat sink material in one direction and recovering that heat by passing a cold gas stream through that same heat sink material in an alternate cycle. They are used to destroy air toxics and VOCs that are discharged in industrial process exhausts.
There is a handful manufacturer of air pollution control systems for industrial use in Europe.
They produce highly efficient and cost-effective systems for the removal of:
These companies have been involved in the development, design and planning of waste gas purification systems for a wide range of industries: Global manufacture of turnkey systems, Eisenmann AG with its headquarter in Germany and RTO core business in USA, Cycle Therm (Menomonie, WI), MEGTEC Systems, located in DePere Wisconsin, USA. The CMM Group, located in De Pere, Wisconsin; WK Asia-Pacific Environmental Pte Ltd,located in German Center, Singapore.
The industries they currently serve are:
Different solutions to the waste gas problems of one of the mentioned industries are available: 
References.
Worldwide supply and service megtec.com

</doc>
<doc id="19372046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372046" title="Oreidis Despaigne">
Oreidis Despaigne

Oreidis Despaigne Terry (born September 20, 1981) is a male judoka from Cuba, who won the bronze medal in the men's half heavyweight division (– 100 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games and at the 2007 World Championships.
He represented his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics he reached the 3rd round, losing to Jang Sungho.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics he again reached the 3rd round, losing to Ramziddin Sayidov.
His older brother Yosvany Despaigne (born 1976) also competed as a judoka on the international level.

</doc>
<doc id="19372061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372061" title="Sissonville High School">
Sissonville High School

Sissonville High School is a public secondary school in Sissonville, West Virginia, USA operated by Kanawha County Schools, and serves students of grades 9 to 12. 
History.
In October 2001, the Katie Sierra suspension controversy made national news when she was suspended for her activism in opposition to the bombing of Afghanistan.
Arts.
Band.
The Sissonville High School Band program is under the direction of Mr. Corey F. Green, and consists of 3 major ensembles; ""The Pride of Sissonville"" Marching Band, Concert Band, and Jazz Band.
""The Pride of Sissonville"" has won many awards over its history at the local, regional, and national levels including high placements at both the Tournament of BandsFinals and Cavalcade of Bands Finals. The band participates in the annual Daily Mail Kanawha County Majorette and Band Festival as well as other local parades and exhibitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19372066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372066" title="Ananai Station">
Ananai Station

Layout.
2 elevated tracks with side platforms. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19372075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372075" title="Michael Spice">
Michael Spice

Michael Spice (20 May 1931 - 2 November 1983) was an English character actor on British television.
He is known for his portrayal of two classic Doctor Who villains opposite Fourth Doctor Tom Baker: the voice of Morbius in "The Brain of Morbius" (1976); and Magnus Greel in "The Talons of Weng-Chiang" (1977).
He made a number of appearances in other popular television series during the 1960s and 1970s, including: "Armchair Theatre"; "The Pallisers"; "Public Eye"; "Z-Cars"; "The Brothers"; and "Blake's 7".
He died in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19372081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372081" title="Peleioholani">
Peleioholani

Peleioholani (? - 1770) was a Hawaiian High Chief, Alii Aimoku of Kauai and Alii Aimoku of Oahu. He ruled an empire stretching from Niihau to Molokai.
Reign.
At its greatest sizes, during Peleʻioholani's reign, Kingdom of Oʻahu island stretched from Niihau, in the west, to the District of Koʻolau, on Molokaʻi, in the east; although power were nominal no matter the size. 
He ruled as titular king or chieftain of Kauai, Oahu and held tributary over Molokai after he conquered that island and slew the Molokaian chiefs for killing his daughter Keelanihonuaiakama.
Name.
Peleʻioholani is sometimes called Peleʻiholani. Early Western sailors to Hawaii such as Captain James Cook called him Perreeorannee.
Family.
Parents of Peleʻioholani were High Chief Kualii and his wife Kalanikahimakeialii and he had a sister called Kukuiaimakalani.
Kūmahana was a son of Peleʻioholani by his first wife Halakii. Peleioholani's daughters were Kuwalu, Kalanipoʻo-a-Peleʻioholani, Kaʻapuwai and Keʻelaniihonuaiakama.
Granddaughter of Peleioholani was Queen Kamakahelei. Kuwalu was the mother of Chief Ahu-a-I.
Another wife of Peleioholani was named Lonokahikini.

</doc>
<doc id="19372100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372100" title="Trinigy">
Trinigy

Trinigy is an independent company focusing on the development of advanced 3D graphics technology with its headquarters based in Southern Germany, with offices in Austin, TX (USA) and Seoul, South Korea.
Trinigy's Vision Engine is a game engine used in more than 150 commercial game productions all over the world including Ubisoft, Take Two Interactive, JoWood, Firefly Studios, Spellbound and Neowiz.
In the second half of 2007, Trinigy expanded to the US and founded a fully owned subsidiary in Austin, TX. The US office is headed by Daniel J. Conradie, one of the original founders of Trinigy. In September 2010, the firm expanded to Asia and announced the set-up of an Asian office in Seoul, South Korea.
At the end of 2007, Trinigy's Vision Engine was nominated as an engine finalist for Game Developer Magazine's Frontline Award.
In June 2009 and June 2010, Trinigy's Vision Engine was nominated as an engine finalist for Develop Magazine's Industry Excellence Award.
On August 8, 2011, Havok (a wholly owned subsidiary of Intel) announced that the company acquired Trinigy for an undisclosed amount.
Vision Engine.
Trinigy's Vision Engine is a cross-platform 3D game engine middleware specifically targeted to the games industry. It currently supports the following platforms:
Vision Engine full licenses typically come with full source code, updates and support to its licensees so developers have the possibility to customize the engine and its tools, exporters, and middleware bindings for their specific needs. The Vision SDK also provides comprehensive documentation, samples and video tutorials. According to Trinigy, the firm offers licensing models for both full-price A to AAA titles and Value Games as well as online-distributed XBLA / PSN / WiiWare productions.

</doc>
<doc id="19372112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372112" title="Kyūjōmae Station (Kōchi)">
Kyūjōmae Station (Kōchi)

Layout.
1 track with a side platform on embankment. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19372126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372126" title="Bajarwala">
Bajarwala

Bajarwala is a small village of Gujrat District in the province of Punjab, Pakistan. Bajarwala is located near the town of Dinga and its latitude and longitude is 32°65'31N, 73°68'27E. Bajarwala is about 140 km from the capital city of Islamabad.
People.
In the History of Bajarwala,the most respectable and honourable person that was most popular in around areas is Chaudhary Mohammad Hayat S/O Ghulam Mohammad.This person was most brillant and intelligent.He was like a judge also of his around areas and people were very happy with him.
Most of the people are farmers by profession. More than a quarter of population are settled in USA, Canada, England, France, Spain, Italy, Netherland, UAE and Saudi Arabia. People abroad are supporting financially their families and relatives in the village.Chauhdry Mehdi Khan Is The Role Model For Bajarwla.Chauhdry Attaullah Sajad Is a Good personality.He Does Neza Bazi And He is International Rider of Pakistan Mian Muhammad Alam is the notable personality.He was a religious,social,political worker. Many people call him a role-model for themselves.
Mian Jahangir Alam, advocate, is the first Graduate of Bajarwala. He was also General Secretary of Kharian Bar Association for the year 2010. 
Mian Alam Petroleum is also being run by this virtuous family.
Education.
The literacy rate of Bajarwala is more than 95%. There are two primary schools and one girls high school. There is also Madrasah for girls where totally free education is offered.
Politics.
There are approximately 700 voters in Bajarwala. In previous election most votes were cast for PML(Q) and PML(N) and PTI .

</doc>
<doc id="19372136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372136" title="Aki Station">
Aki Station

Layout.
2 tracks sandwiching an island platform on an embankment. Manned station with Midori no Madoguchi ticket office.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19372137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372137" title="Joel Brutus">
Joel Brutus

Joel Brutus (born August 12, 1974) is a male judoka from Haiti, who won the silver medal in the men's heavyweight division (+ 100 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games. 
He represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2004 in Athens, Greece. Brutus carried the Haitian flag at the opening ceremony of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, PR China.

</doc>
<doc id="19372143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372143" title="Metavari">
Metavari

Metavari is an American instrumental electronic band composed of Ty Brinneman, Andrew McComas, Nate Utesch and Kyle Steury. They are based in Fort Wayne, IN. Metavari combine nuances of both electronic music and post-rock. They are currently signed to Crossroads of America Records in the US and Friend of Mine Records in Japan.
History.
Metavari formed in the Fall of 2006, composed of Ty Brinneman, Andrew McComas, Nate Utesch, Tommy Cutter and Simon Lesser. In 2007, they scored original music for a short film by directors Wes Kandel and Benjamin Phenicie called, "A Casualty of the Promiseland". Metavari self-released their debut EP, "Ambling EP", in 2008. 
In 2008, Metavari performed remixes and original arrangements to the Beach Boys' "Pet Sounds" album to a near sold out audience at Fort Wayne's Embassy Theatre. 
In the Fall of 2009, Metavari's line-up changed to a three-piece consisting of members Ty Brinneman, Andrew McComas and Nate Utesch. Metavari also signed to Crossroads of America Records in the US, Friend of Mine Records, Japan and released their debut full-length release on these labels this year.
March 2010, Metavari showcased at the Austin, TX music conference and festival, South by Southwest, and released an experimental EP on vinyl only called "Studies Vol 1: Loosen the Bands" on Crossroads of America Records.
August 2010, Metavari added fourth member, Kyle Steury, to their current line-up.

</doc>
<doc id="19372157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372157" title="Mukhbiir">
Mukhbiir

Mukhbiir (मुखबिर) (Translation: "Informer") is a 2008 Indian spy thriller film directed by the Mani Shankar. Filmed in Hindi, the film revolves around the life and events surrounding an Indian spy. The film stars actor Sameer Dattani as the spy, and Om Puri, Sunil Shetty, Sushant Singh, Rahul Dev, Jackie Shroff and Raima Sen play the supporting roles.
Production.
Director Mani Shankar had a story in mind in 1996 itself when he was shooting an anti-militancy music video for the Intelligence Bureau. It was during this time that he met a young Intelligence Bureau recruit who was badly tortured in militant captivity. The young man was left unaided by the Indian government thereafter as he offered them no utility. This rendezvous with the stark reality of their lives inspired Shankar into the story for this film. Shankar was once asked in an interview on why his previous films such as "Rudraksh" spent too much on research and very little on character emotions. He replied in affirmative and said that he strived to blend both of them well in this film. Since the subject of the film revolved around espionage, Shankar resorted to intense research to avoid any unverifiable instances in his film. He worked closely with the Indian espionage service and utilised information for the film. Producer Sudhish Rambottla selected Shankar's script after reviewing 40 of them.
Director Shankar felt that actor Sameer Dattani will not comprehend fear and hence not emote well while filming. To overcome this, Shankar insisted that Dattani spend a night in a prison. Only the local inspector knew him to be an actor. Besides conducting several training workshops for Dattani to prepare for his character, Shankar also organized a visit to the underworld. Though he had a harrowing experience during the night, he was happy that his efforts brought him praise from the critics.
Release and reception.
Prior to its release, director Shankar claimed that he was able to help the producer recover the budget costs. He hypothesized that the revenue from television, home video rights along with the soundtrack is usually more than the cost of the production. Since Shankar claimed "pre-release profit" for this film due to intelligent budgeting, he was confident even before the film's release.
The film released on 29 August 2008 across India. The film's release coincided with the release of six other movies - "Hijack", "Chamku", "C Kkompany", "Rock On!!", "Wanted" and "Wall E". Usually Indian film distributors don't expect much from the films which are released during the Ramadan season. Citing them as "gap fillers" and average films, the distributors didn't foresee much revenue for this film and for those released during this season. On the contrary, Shankar said that they tried for the film to release during the holy month of Ramadan. This was because it had relevance to film's story that had the protagonist getting converted to Islam. Actor Dattani was not quite worried about the audience' expectations, but instead he was worried about his expectations from the film.
In the first week of its release, the film garnered . Producer Rambottla was so impressed with the efforts of actor Dattani and director Shankar, that he declared a unique money-back offer to audiences. As per this, he was prepared to offer a ticket refund to 5,000 viewers across India if they did not like the film.
Though film critic Taran Adarsh liked the idea of the film, he found it similar to Ram Gopal Varma's "Contract". Despite various cinematic sequences which he found to be well written and enacted, Adarsh found the climax to be totally completely unnatural. Terming it as a film that "could've been a riveting experience, but it fails to register an impact."

</doc>
<doc id="19372169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372169" title="Ioki Station">
Ioki Station

Layout.
1 track with a side platform on ground. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19372201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372201" title="Shimoyama Station (Kōchi)">
Shimoyama Station (Kōchi)

Layout.
2 tracks with side platforms on an embankment. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19372203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372203" title="Pieris mannii">
Pieris mannii

The Southern Small White ("Pieris mannii") is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is found in South Europe, Asia Minor, Morocco and Syria.
The length of the forewings is 20–23 mm. The butterfly flies from March to October depending on the location.
The larva feeds on Cruciferae, "Iberis sempervivum" and "Sinapis".

</doc>
<doc id="19372206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372206" title="Community design">
Community design

A Community design is a unitary industrial design right that covers the European Union. It has both unregistered and registered forms. The unregistered Community design came into effect on 6 March 2002 and the registered Community design was available from 1 April 2003.
Legal basis.
Council Regulation (EC) No 6/2002, as implemented by Commission Regulation (EC) No 2245/2002, created both unregistered and registered European Community designs. The Community design is a unitary right that has equal effect across the European Union. The unregistered form of the right has existed since 6 March 2002 while the registered form came into effect on 1 April 2003.
Definitions.
A design is defined as "the appearance of the whole or a part of a product resulting from the features of, in particular, the lines, contours, colours, shape, texture and/or materials of the product itself and/or its ornamentation". 
Designs may be protected if:
Scope of protection.
The scope of protection conferred by a Community design includes any design which does not produce a different overall impression on an informed user, taking the degree of freedom of the designer into consideration. A Community design further confers on its holder the exclusive right to use it and to prevent any third party not having his consent from using it. For an unregistered Community design, however, the contested use must have resulted from copying the protected design.
Term.
An unregistered Community design lasts for a period of 3 years from the date on which the design was first
made available to the public within the Community. A design shall be deemed to have been made available to the public within the Community if "it has been published, exhibited, used in trade or otherwise disclosed in such a way that, in the normal course of business, these events could reasonably have become known to the circles specialised in the sector concerned, operating within the Community. The design shall not, however, be deemed to have been made available to the public "for the sole reason that it has been disclosed to a third person under explicit or implicit conditions of confidentiality." 
A registered Community design (RCD) lasts for up to 25 years from the date on which an application for registration was filed, subject to the payment of maintenance fees. The registration process is administered by the OHIM in Alicante.
Effects.
The unregistered Community design provides useful, short-term protection for items of short market duration. The registered Community design provides substantial cost savings compared to obtaining national registrations in individual European countries. The Community design also permits those having business in a number of European countries to protect their designs in all of those countries more simply.

</doc>
<doc id="19372219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372219" title="Ernst Laraque">
Ernst Laraque

Ernst Laraque (born November 16, 1970) is a male judoka from Haiti, who won the bronze medal in the men's lightweight division (– 73 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games. He represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000 in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19372220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372220" title="Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres

The men's K-1 1000 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
The 24 competitors first raced in three heats on September 5. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals. One competitor was disqualified. All remaining competitors competed in the repechages the next day.
Chilingrov's reason for disqualification was not disclosed in the official report.
Repechages.
Taking place on September 7, three repechages were held. The top three finishers in each repechages advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
Raced on September 8, the top three finishers from each of the three semifinals advanced to the final.
Final.
The final took place on September 9. 

</doc>
<doc id="19372258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372258" title="Hoge Kempen National Park">
Hoge Kempen National Park

The Hoge Kempen National Park ("Nationaal Park Hoge Kempen") is the first National Park in the Flemish Region in Belgium. It is located in the East of the Province of Limburg, between Genk and the "Meuse River" (Dutch: "Maas") Valley. It includes the elevated ground that defines the watershed between that river and the low ground of the drainage basin of the Demer river that covers most of Belgian Limburg.
It was opened in March 2006. Covering almost 60 square kilometres, it forms part of the Natura 2000 network. The area is mostly heathland and pine forest.
In May 2011 it was placed on UNESCO's Tentative List for consideration as a World Heritage Site.

</doc>
<doc id="19372259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372259" title="Thomas Stelzer">
Thomas Stelzer

Thomas Stelzer (born June 19, 1955) currently serves as the Ambassador of Austria in Portugal.
He holds a doctorate in law from Vienna University, a Master of Arts in Latin American Studies from Stanford University, and a diploma in International Relations from the Johns Hopkins University, School of Advanced International Studies, Bologna Center. 
Stelzer served in a variety of diplomatic and international positions in his early career. He was Deputy Director of the Austrian Cultural Institute in New York, Special Assistant to the Executive Secretary of the CTBTO Preparatory Commission, and Minister-Counsellor at the Permanent Mission of Austria to the United Nations in New York. He also serves as the Austrian Representative to the governing bodies of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) and Delegate to the Committee for Disarmament and International Security (First Committee) of the General Assembly.
Ambassador Stelzer has been serving since August 2001 as Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations (Vienna), United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO), International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), and the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization (CTBTO) Preparatory Commission.
From 2002 to 2007, he was Facilitator and Chair of the Vienna Terrorism Symposiums. In 2003, he was Chair of the CTBTO Preparatory Commission. Between 2005 and 2006, he serves as President of the UNIDO Industrial Development Board. Most recently, he served as a Vice-Chair of the Second Conference of States Parties of the United Nations Convention against Corruption.
From March 2008 to June 2013 he served as United Nations Assistant Secretary-General for Policy Coordination and Inter-Agency Affairs, Department of Economic and Social Affairs. He was appointed to this position by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in February 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19372276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372276" title="Tōnohama Station">
Tōnohama Station

Layout.
1 track with a side platform on an embankment. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19372284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372284" title="1996 AFL Rising Star">
1996 AFL Rising Star

The AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a standout young player in the Australian Football League. The award is also known as the Norwich Rising Star due to sponsorship reasons. The 1996 medal was won by West Coast Eagles player Ben Cousins.
Eligibility and Nominations.
Every round, an Australian Football League rising star nomination is given to a standout young player. To be eligible for the award, a player must be under 21 on January 1 of that year, have played 10 or fewer senior games and not been suspended during the season. At the end of the year, one of the 22 nominees is the winner of award.

</doc>
<doc id="19372289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372289" title="1975 Major League Baseball Draft">
1975 Major League Baseball Draft

First round selections.
The following are the first round picks in the 1975 Major League Baseball draft. Many baseball draft experts consider the 1975 draft to be the weakest in MLB history.

</doc>
<doc id="19372297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372297" title="Milwaukee Wave United">
Milwaukee Wave United

The Milwaukee Wave United was an American professional soccer team, which last played in the A-League, the American second division.
The Wave United was formed and joined the A-League after the Milwaukee Rampage folded in 2002. The team announced that it would withdraw from the A-League on November 9, 2004 and play an exhibition schedule starting in 2005.
The Wave United were affiliated with the Milwaukee Wave, an indoor team.

</doc>
<doc id="19372306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372306" title="Saint Albans High School">
Saint Albans High School

Saint Albans High School is a public high school in Kanawha County, West Virginia. Founded in 1909, it is located in the city of St. Albans. It is one of the eight public high schools in Kanawha County Schools. S.A.H.S. opened a newly renovated facility for the 2003 school year.
Clubs and organizations.
St. Albans High School competes in the Daily Mail Kanawha County Majorette and Band Festival. They have won the Festival Grand Championship three times (1972–73, and 1975). They have also had five girls named Miss Kanawha Majorette (Emma Rhodes in 2013, Ursula Smith in 1978, Jenny Doty in 1962, Jean Thompson in 1953, and Barbara Jean Tucker in 1952).
References.
http://sahs.kana.k12.wv.us/Home2.html Official website.

</doc>
<doc id="19372312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372312" title="Yasuda Station (Kōchi)">
Yasuda Station (Kōchi)

Layout.
1 elevated track with a side platform and an elevator. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19372323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372323" title="Gail Carpenter">
Gail Carpenter

Gail Carpenter is a cognitive scientist, neuroscientist and mathematician. She is a Professor of Cognitive and Neural Systems and a Professor of Mathematics at Boston University, and the director of the Department of Cognitive and Neural Systems (CNS) Technology Lab at Boston University.
Adaptive resonance theory.
Together with Stephen Grossberg and their students and colleagues, Gail has, since the 1980s, developed the adaptive resonance theory (ART) family of neural networks for fast stable online learning, pattern recognition, and prediction, including both unsupervised (ART 1, ART 2, ART 2-A, ART 3, fuzzy ART, distributed ART) and supervised (ARTMAP, fuzzy ARTMAP, ART-EMAP, ARTMAP-IC, ARTMAP-FTR, distributed ARTMAP, default ARTMAP) systems. These ART models have been used for a wide range of applications, including remote sensing, medical diagnosis, automatic target recognition, mobile robots, and database management.
Awards.
She is the first woman to receive the IEEE Neural Networks Pioneer Award. She has been elected to successive three-year terms on the Board of Governors of the International Neural Network Society (INNS) since its founding, in 1987, and received the INNS Gabor Award. She has also served as an elected member of the Council of the American Mathematical Society, and is a charter member of the Association for Women in Mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="19372325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372325" title="Clark L. Brundin">
Clark L. Brundin

Clark L. Brundin (born 21 March 1931 ) is a former Vice-Chancellor of the University of Warwick, former President of Templeton College, and currently an Oxford councillor.
He was born in California and moved to the Engineering Department of the University of Oxford in 1957. He was a teacher and researcher (in high altitude aerodynamics) at Oxford, becoming a Fellow and Tutor in Jesus College. From 1985-1992, he was Vice Chancellor of the University of Warwick, returning to Oxford to become the founding director of the Saïd Business School, established in 1992, and was also President of Templeton College.
Brundin was a school governor and a governor of Oxford Polytechnic (now Oxford Brookes University), as well as a non-executive director of Blackwell Science.
Brundin has been a Liberal Democrat city councillor since 2004 and is a member of the Audit Committee, the Finance Scrutiny Committee, the Housing Advisory Board and the Strategic Development Control Committee as well as serving on other panels.

</doc>
<doc id="19372338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372338" title="USNS Sgt. Andrew Miller (T-AK-242)">
USNS Sgt. Andrew Miller (T-AK-242)

USNS "Sgt. Andrew Miller" (T-AK-242) was a "Boulder Victory"-class cargo ship built at the end of World War II and served the war and its demilitarization as a commercial cargo vessel. From 1946 to 1950 she served the U.S. Army as a transport named USAT "Sgt. Andrew Miller". In 1950 she was acquired by the U.S. Navy and assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS). In 1981 she ended her career and was placed into reserve.
Victory ship built in California.
"Sgt. Andrew Miller" was laid down under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract on 22 February 1945 as "Radcliffe Victory" (MCV hull 743) by the Permanente Metals Corporation, Richmond, California; launched on 4 April 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Charles H. Owens; and delivered to the U.S. Maritime Commission's War Shipping Administration (WSA) on 28 April 1945 for operation by the American-West African Line Inc.
U.S. Army service.
After the end of World War II, "Radcliffe Victory" was returned to WSA and was further transferred to the U.S. War Department for operation by the Army Transportation Corps on 26 July 1946. Renamed "Sgt. Andrew Miller" on 31 October 1947, the cargo ship remained with the Army Transportation Corps until 1 March 1950.
Service with the MSTS.
She was transferred to the Navy for operation by the newly established Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS), becoming USNS "Sgt. Andrew Miller" (T-AK-242).
Homeported at San Francisco, California, "Sgt. Andrew Miller" made a round-trip run to Hawaii and back in April; and, in May, she sailed for Yokosuka, Japan. From there, she continued on to Naha, Okinawa, whence she returned to the U.S. West Coast.
Korean War service.
Arriving after the outbreak of war in Korea, she loaded cargo for units being shipped to Japan and Korea; and, on 18 July, she sailed west. On 3 August, she stopped at Sasebo, Japan; and, on the 4th, she arrived off Pusan to commence offloading. Two weeks later, she started back across the Pacific Ocean to Hawaii, where she took on more cargo; and, on 15 September, she again sailed west. 
During November, she delivered cargo at Inchon and Chinnampo; then put into Yokohama. In early December, she got underway for Wonsan but was diverted back to Yokohama, where she joined Task Group 90.2, the Hungnam evacuation force. On 13 December, she sailed for that North Korean port; where, from the 18th to the 20th, she took on men and equipment as units fought back to the harbor after the entry of Communist Chinese forces into the conflict.
The ship offloaded at Pusan; then returned to Sasebo, whence she made another run to Korea before sailing for Pearl Harbor and San Francisco. Arriving at the latter port in early February 1951, she made runs to bases in the Central Pacific Ocean and in the Aleutians into the summer; and, in August, she resumed runs to Japan and Korea. 
During April and May 1952, she again carried cargo to islands in the Central Pacific; then, in June, returned to logistics support of United Nations forces in Korea. In September, her operations in the Far East were extended to include Okinawa; and, early in 1953, her calls at Central Pacific ports were made en route to the Far East. During the spring of that year, she resumed non-stop runs to Japan and Korea.
Vietnam operations.
After the truce agreement in July 1953, "Sgt. Andrew Miller" continued runs to Japan and Korea and to the islands of the central and northern Pacific. In the summer of 1954, she was called on to assist in Operation Passage to Freedom which moved Vietnamese from Haiphong to Saigon following the division of the former French colony. 
Following one run, she resumed her transpacific operations and expanded her range to include ports in Taiwan; in Thailand, and in the Philippine Islands. During the late 1950s and into the 1960s, she occasionally interrupted her Pacific operations for brief periods of service on transatlantic runs; but, into the fall of 1974, she remains in the Pacific in the Military Sealift Command (MSC) fleet. During the Fall of Saigon she participated in the MSC evacuation operation conducted concurrently with Operation Frequent Wind.
Decommissioning.
The ship was decommissioned at an unknown date and struck from the Navy List on 16 January 1981. She was returned to the U.S. Maritime Administration on 18 February 1983. Her subsequent fate is not known.
Honors and awards.
Eligible on-board personnel were authorized the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19372354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372354" title="Tano Station (Kōchi)">
Tano Station (Kōchi)

Layout.
2 elevated tracks with side platforms. Unmanned station.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19372369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372369" title="Sytner Group">
Sytner Group

The Sytner Group Ltd is a car dealership group headquartered in Leicester, United Kingdom. The group comprises over 140 car dealerships located in England, Scotland and Wales. The group is wholly owned by the U.S. firm Penske Automotive Group, a NYSE listed part owned division of Penske Corporation. Sytner is the UK's leading provider of prestige and specialist vehicles. 
History.
The group was formed by Frank Sytner and his brother Alan, the owner of the famous Liverpool-based Cavern Club. The brothers founded their first retail franchise in Nottingham in 1968, selling BMWs.
After Frank finished his racing career, winning the 1988 British Touring Car Championship title, the group began a rapid period of expansion by acquisition of BMW franchises in Leicester and Sheffield. From 1995, other marques were added with the acquisition of Mercedes-Benz, Ferrari and Audi franchises in Bristol, Loughborough and Leeds. In 1996 the group opened Land Rover, Jeep and Porsche dealerships in Stockport and Reading. The group floated on the London Stock Exchange in 1997, changing its name to Sytner Group PLC.
In 1998 the group acquired the family-run Thames Ditton-based Land Rover and Jaguar Cars business of Guy Salmon, which then became the name of all Sytner-owned Land Rover and Jaguar franchises. The acquisition of the Ixion Motor Group in August 1999 doubled the number of locations, and brought in the Volvo, Saab and Lexus brands to the group. The 2001 acquisition of the Ron Stratton Group brought the Bentley brand into the group with a Manchester franchise. The group also developed its first Toyota franchises in the Birmingham area.
United Automotive Group.
On 12 February 2002, Sytner was itself acquired by American motor retailer United Auto Group (UAG) in a $135 million deal. The group was delisted from the London Stock Exchange, while the majority of the Sytner management team remained unchanged.
The group expanded further into South Wales with the purchase of family owned Mercedes dealerships, together with two from rival Pendragon Group in Bedford and Northampton. In 2004 the group acquired Audi dealerships Aston Green Ltd and Glenvarigill Ltd, moving the group into Scotland.
In 2005 the head office was moved to a new location in Leicester, located just off junction 21 of the M1 Motorway. The purchase of William Jack's PLC expanded the groups franchises to include Honda. In 2006 the group completed the development of a Bentley, Lexus and Lamborghini dealership at Fort Dunlop, Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="19372375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372375" title="Nahari Station">
Nahari Station

Layout.
1 elevated and terminated track with a side platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Kuroshio Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19372396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372396" title="Atracción x4">
Atracción x4

Atracción x4 is a 2008-2009 Argentine telenovela. It was broadcast on Canal 13. It replaced "Patito Feo" on Canal 13, in 7 pm. It was directed by Marcelo Tinelli, and produced by Ideas del Sur
Due to low ratings after the premiere, producers introduced new characters, sets and a new title. After the "makeover", the amount of viewers who watched the show increased greatly, though it did not reach the success of its predecessor "Patito Feo".
In March it began airring on the cable channel Boomerang.
Plot.
Hamlet Lacalle (Gabriel Goity) is the father of three girls: Nina Lacalle (Luisana Lopilato), Malena Lacalle (Camila Bordonaba) and Paula Lacalle (Juana Dubarry). The girls are in love with music. Leticia Gómez Valvuena (Carola Reyna) has married with Gonzalo Milhojas (Jorge Suárez) who has three sons: Francisco Milhojas (Rodrigo Guirao Díaz), Pablo Milhojas (Darío Lopilato) and Keto Milhojas (Elías Viñoles), and the three guys are in love with reggae. The girls and the guys meet each other because Nina works in the restaurant of Milhojas´family, and the boss in that place is Francisco. Paula and Pablo were in love when Pablo see the girls arriving the neighbourhood. Also, Malena mets Keto because Malena's cousin is the fan president of Atracción x4 (the band that boys form). Then they formed three couples. But, there are problems: the guys are very rich, and the girls are not. The father of three brothers doesn't want them to be friends with the girls. Also Gonzalo stole a few years ago a famous song, that it wrote for Hamlet, but Hamlet doesn't remember that. Leticia was the Hamlet's teacher in school and now she is in love of him. The first season of "Atracción x4" is about the love of Francisco and Nina and how everyone moves about that. But the lower rating promoved that January 5, 2009 "Atracción x4" changes the history (Hamlet and Leticia lived together, Paula became in a bad person, Francisco and Nina are not in love, Leticia is the biologic mother of Francisco, Paula and Pablo are not in love, and Keto dates with other girls but he is still Malena's boyfriend; and all live in a beach house-hotel).
Band.
"Atracción x4" is the band formed by the three brothers Milhojas. "Patota Tropical" is the band of Hamlet; and "Las Latinas" is the band formed by the three sisters Lacalle. Also Camila Bordonaba won't be able to sing in the band til the end of 2008, because of her contract with Cris Morena.
Soundtrack album.
The soundtrack album of "Atracción x4" was released on December 3, 2008. It includes 13 songs.

</doc>
<doc id="19372406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372406" title="Mrs. Freshley's">
Mrs. Freshley's

Mrs. Freshley's is a brand of snack cakes produced and distributed by Flowers Foods. Varieties of this brand include Honeybuns, Pecan Twirls, Dreamies (similar to the Twinkie), Swiss Rolls, Peanut-butter Wafers (called Buddy Bars, similar to Little Debbie), Brownies, Creme-filled Cookies, and many more.
Honeybuns were first invented by Howard Lee Griffin in Greensboro, NC. Griffin, a small bakery owner, originally made pies until he began experimenting with new recipes including the Honeybun. Later on, he sold the recipe to different companies, including Mrs. Freshley's. The recipe was originally sold for a sum of $250. First developed for the vending market, Flowers Foods took Mrs. Freshley’s to retail stores in 1997 and expanded the brand to include more than 50 different snack cakes and pastries. Mrs. Freshley’s has earned numerous quality and taste awards over the years, including those from the American Culinary Institute and such trade magazines as Automatic Merchandiser and Convenience Store & Petroleum Retailers.

</doc>
<doc id="19372409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372409" title="Zizeeria knysna">
Zizeeria knysna

The Dark Grass Blue or African Grass Blue "(Zizeeria knysna)", is a species of blue butterfly found in Africa, on Cyprus and the Iberian Peninsula.
Sometimes mistakenly called "Zizeeria lysimon" (Hübner), that species name is invalid as it is preoccupied by "Papilio lisimon" Stoll, a butterfly in the family Riodinidae.
The wingspan is 18–23 mm for males and 21–26 mm for females. The butterfly flies nearly year round.
The larvae feed on "Medicago", "Melilotus", "Acanthyllis", "Armeria delicatula", "Polygonum equisetiforme", "Tribulus terrestris" and "Oxalis".

</doc>
<doc id="19372417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372417" title="Srungarapuram">
Srungarapuram

Srungarapuram is a small village located near Duggirala in Andhra Pradesh, India, situated on the Krishna River. Duggirala is the mandal headquarters of the area. Many freedom fighters were born in this village. The village is also known as Srungarapuram Agraharam. In the past many Brahmin families lived in the village. Later many other religious people came. The village is an island; water surrounds it on four sides. There are temples to Rama and Shiva in the village. 

</doc>
<doc id="19372422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372422" title="Clones Film Festival">
Clones Film Festival

The Clones Film Festival is a film festival in Clones, Ireland. It was launched in 2001 and is steadily growing to be the biggest event of its type in the area. Organised by Lmb Entertainments, the festival was artistically directed by Larry and Gilly Fogg in 2001. Since then, the festival has been artistically directed by Thomas Zechner and Harry Cleary.
2008's festival wartistically directed by James Sheerin, Stephen Mc Kenna and Thomas Zechner.
One of the features of the Clones Film Festival is the Scanbitz Short Film Challenge. Filmmakers get the chance to script, prep, scout locations, cast, rehearse, film, edit and present a finished short film in just three days. The winning entry receives a coveted Francie Award.
The Francies 2007.
The Francie Awards were first presented in 2007, when 5 films were screened to an audience of over 200 people. The Gulpins film crew walked away with the Audience Award for their film "Moonman" (a space romp). The jury of Kevin Allen, Colin McKeown, Vinny Cunningham (a late replacement for Alan Moloney, who had to return to base due to a family illness), Fergal McGrath, Thomas Zechner and Harry Cleary had earlier had the task of picking the first ever Francie winners. They also went with the audience and bestowed the crystal on The Gulpins, headed up by Orla Cullinane, Grainne Cullinane and James McKee.
Little Warrior Films, led by Martin Maguire and Thomas Seoige, were a close second with "Senex", a 90 second treatment of the poem by John Betjeman.
Jackie Jarvis submitted a poignant tribute to her grandmother and grandfather called "Pat McCaul" which resonated all evening thoroughout the hall packed full with press, filmmakers and film buffs and interested locals.
Mary Keane's dance piece "About Us Lies Heaven" based on Eugene McCabe's writings.
Ciaran Deeney's "June", a powerful and haunting Dogme style production, completed the evening's viewing.

</doc>
<doc id="19372441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372441" title="MoinMoin">
MoinMoin

MoinMoin is a wiki engine implemented in Python, initially based on the PikiPiki wiki engine. Its name is a play on the North German greeting "Moin", repeated as in "WikiWiki". The MoinMoin code is licensed under the GNU General Public License v2, or (at the user's option) any later version (except some 3rd party modules that are licensed under other Free Software licenses compatible with the GPL).
A number of organizations use MoinMoin to run public wikis, including notable free software projects Ubuntu, Apache, Debian, FreeBSD, and others.
Technical details.
MoinMoin's storage mechanism is based on flat files and folders, rather than a database. This makes it easy to manipulate the content in a text editor on the server if necessary, including managing revisions if the wiki gets attacked by spammers. A storage abstraction layer is currently being worked on, which will allow the server administrator to select between flat file-storage or a relational database.
MoinMoin supports plugins and can be extended via Macros and Actions. It also uses the idea of separate parsers (e.g. for parsing the wiki syntax) and formatters (e.g. for outputting HTML code) with a SAX-like interface between the two. The idea is that if you want to be able to output DocBook instead of HTML, you only need to write a docbook-formatter that implements the formatter interface, and all parsers that use the interface will automatically be supported.
MoinMoin supports CamelCase linking as well as free links (non-CamelCase linking). The CamelCase is activated by default and MoinMoin does not allow disabling CamelCase links except on a one-off basis. The workaround to do this is to use a different parser but this option does not work with the WYSIWYG editor.
MoinMoin also has extensive support for access control lists (ACL) that greatly increase its usability in a content management system (CMS). It also has GUI editing capabilities.
MoinMoin is able to either use a built-in search engine (rather slow, but no dependencies) or a Xapian-based indexed search engine (faster, and can also search old revisions and attached files).
MoinMoin also allows synchronization of contents from instance to instance via XML-RPC and therefore allows distributed offline editing.
The original MoinMoin "DesktopEdition" is significantly easier to use because it uses a built-in web server to display pages, requiring only Python to be installed on the host machine. Since version 1.6.0, the "DesktopEdition" has been integrated into the standard release. Also in this release a different markup syntax was introduced, which had not been changed much since the early releases.

</doc>
<doc id="19372447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372447" title="Ikons">
Ikons

Ikons (stylized as IKONS) is a four-CD box set compilation album featuring material recorded by the American hard rock band Kiss. It was released in 2008 by Universal Music Group.
Background.
Each CD in the set is named after one of the original group members, created by long-time KISS fan Paul "DJ Flare" Hall and co-produced with Jeff Fura. In 1996, the 'KISS-Icons' logos were created by Ajax Garcia, a famous Los Angeles based artist. Garcia is known as a founding member of the 90's punk group The Napoleon Blownaparts.

</doc>
<doc id="19372462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372462" title="Jackie Lane (footballer)">
Jackie Lane (footballer)

John George "Jackie" Lane (born 10 November 1931) is an English former footballer. He played more than 100 matches in the Football League for Birmingham City and Notts County.
Lane was born in Selly Oak, Birmingham. He began his football career with local club Boldmere St. Michaels before joining Birmingham City in 1949. He provided cover for any forward position, though preferred to play at inside forward, and contributed to the club winning the Second Division title in the 1954–55 season. He also played one game in the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup. After finishing his league career he played non-League football for Hinckley Athletic, scoring four goals in the club's first ever Southern League fixture, Kidderminster Harriers and Evesham United.
Honours.
with Birmingham City

</doc>
<doc id="19372466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372466" title="Sopronhorpács">
Sopronhorpács

’’’Sopronhorpács’’’ is a village in Győr-Moson-Sopron County in Hungary.
Sightseeings.
Parochial church.
The baroque towers were built in the 18th century. 
Széchenyi castle.
It was built by the widow of Zsigmond Széchenyi between 1771 and 1774 között. It was rebuilt by Count Ferenc Széchényi, who also extended it with a library. It was later renewed in baroque style. In this castle the famous Hungarian composer Ferenc Liszt pianist played sometimes.

</doc>
<doc id="19372529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372529" title="John Belli">
John Belli

Major John Belli was the Quartermaster General of the U.S. Army from 1792 to 1794. The first settler in Scioto County, Ohio, he lived there until his death in 1809.

</doc>
<doc id="19372545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372545" title="Kenneth S. Warren">
Kenneth S. Warren

Kenneth S. Warren (June 11, 1929 – September 18, 1996) was an American scientist, physician, educator and public health advocate. He was an expert on tropical disease, in particular schistosomiasis.
Warren was born in Brooklyn, New York City in 1929 and earned his bachelors' degrees in history and literature at Harvard University in 1950 and his M.D. from Harvard Medical School in 1955. Warren then went on to the National Institutes of Health as a researcher before completed postgraduate work at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine. Warren taught on the faculty of Case Western Reserve University from 1963 to 1977 both in the school of medicine and in library science. In 1977 he joined the Rockefeller Foundation as director of health services, where he worked for the next ten years. His last years were spent first as the director of science at Maxwell Communications Corporation and then at Picower Institute for Medical Research until his death in 1996.
Warren traveled the globe studying and lending his expertise in an effort to strengthen and promote global health, focusing primarily on tropical medicine, the developing world, and the "Great Neglected Diseases of Mankind." Throughout his career, Dr. Warren published some 200 scientific papers on the subject of tropical diseases such as schistosomiasis, malaria, and hookworm. 
In 1991, the Kenneth S. Warren Institute, a medical research institute in Ossining, New York, was founded by Dr. Anthony Cerami and his daughter Dr. Carla Cerami Hand in honor of Dr. Warren's life and work. 

</doc>
<doc id="19372558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372558" title="Bontnewydd">
Bontnewydd

Bontnewydd may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19372559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372559" title="Alex Fiorio">
Alex Fiorio

Alessandro "Alex" Fiorio (born 10 March 1965) is an Italian rally driver. He debuted in the World Rally Championship in 1986. Driving the dominant Lancia Delta Integrale for the Lancia "B-team" Jolly Club, he finished third in the drivers' world championship in 1988 and second in 1989. His father Cesare Fiorio was a former racer, the head of Lancia's factory WRC team and sporting director for Scuderia Ferrari.
Career.
Jolly Club (1986-90).
Fiorio began his World Rally Championship career in 1986, competing for the Jolly Club team in five WRC events in a Fiat Uno Turbo. He retired in his first four rallies and then finished seventh at his home event, the Rallye Sanremo, where the stewards controversially disqualified the French Peugeot team and handed victory to home country's Lancia. As the FIA later annulled the results of the whole event, Fiorio lost his first drivers' championship points. In the 1987 season, Fiorio continued with Jolly Club and competed in a Group N Lancia Delta HF 4WD in six events. He took three wins in the production car class, and won the inaugural FIA Group N Cup (now the Production World Rally Championship). At the Rallye Sanremo, he competed with a Group A Delta HF 4WD and finished seventh overall, taking his first WRC points.
In 1988, Fiorio drove a Delta Integrale in the WRC. He finished second at the Monte Carlo Rally, the Rally Portugal, the Olympus Rally and the Rallye Sanremo, and took third place at the Acropolis Rally in Greece, each time losing the win to fellow Delta drivers. These results placed him third in the drivers' world championship, behind Lancia factory team drivers Miki Biasion and Markku Alén.
Fiorio's 1989 season started with a bad accident at the Monte Carlo Rally. He lost control of his Delta Integrale on the fifth stage, and crashed into the crowd at about 145 km/h (90 mph), killing two spectators – Swedish rally driver Lars-Erik Torph and his co-driver Bertil-Rune Rehnfeldt – and injuring three others. Fiorio and his co-driver Luigi Pirollo were unhurt. Fiorio went on to finish second in Argentina and Sanremo, third in Portugal and Greece and fourth at a new WRC round, the Rally Australia. With 65 points, he placed second in the drivers' championship, behind Biasion and ahead of Toyota's Juha Kankkunen. In 1990, Fiorio drove to his last podium finish with a Lancia factory team Delta Integrale 16V in Australia. With three other points-scoring finishes to his name, he placed ninth in the drivers' championship.
Later career.
In 1991, Fiorio drove a Ford Sierra RS Cosworth 4x4 in four events with ninth place in Sanremo as his best result. The 1992 season saw him return to the wheel of a Delta Integrale with the Astra Racing team. He finished fourth at the Rally Argentina and at the Rally Catalunya, fifth at the Rallye Sanremo and seventh at the Acropolis Rally. Fiorio then continued with Astra in the 1993 season again competing in four selected events. His best result was fifth in Catalunya. In 1994, Fiorio competed in only two WRC events, retiring with a Ford Escort RS Cosworth in Portugal and taking fourth place with a Delta HF Integrale at the Acropolis Rally. In the European Rally Championship (ERC), he won the Cyprus Rally for the third year in a row. In his only world rally in 1995, he took his Escort RS Cosworth to eighth place in Portugal.
After making a comeback to the WRC by competing at his home event in 2000 and 2001, Fiorio went on to do a full Production World Rally Championship programme for the Ralliart Italia team in 2002. He took his Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution 7 to production car class victory at the Rally Finland, and finished fifth in the PWRC drivers' championship. After retiring from the WRC, Fiorio has competed in the ERC and in the Italian Rally Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19372560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372560" title="Sultan Sosnaliyev">
Sultan Sosnaliyev

Sultan Sosnaliyev () was a commander of Abkhaz and allied forces during the War in Abkhazia and a defence minister of Abkhazia in 1993–1996 and 2005–2007.
Early life.
Sultan Sosnaliyev was born in Baksan in Kabardino-Balkaria, Russia, to Kabardin parents. He graduated from the Syzran aircraft school and from the Zhukov anti-aircraft military academy and served in the Soviet anti-aircraft forces for 29 years. He retired in 1990 in the rank of a colonel and worked in Kabardino-Balkaria's construction industry till 1992.
Role in the war.
Sosnaliyev became the head of the military department of the newly formed Confederation of Mountain Peoples of the Caucasus. After the beginning of the War in Abkhazia he arrived to Abkhazia with the group of Kabardin volunteers through on 15 August 1992. He was appointed the head of the staff of the Gudauta-based State Committee of the Defence and was one of the planners of the victorious Battle of Gagra.
He was appointed the minister of defence in April 1993 and later awarded the rank of Major General. Sosnaliyev and Sergei Dbar planned the July and September Sukhumi offensives. On 24-25 March 1994 Sosnaliyev was in charge of the last operation of the war - capture of the village of Lata in the Kodori Valley.
Post-war life.
Sosnaliyev resigned in July 1996 and returned to Kabardino-Balkaria. After Sergei Bagapsh had been elected the President of Abkhazia he offered the office of the minister of defence to Sosnaliyev as "reforms were desperately needed" in the Abkhazian army. The latter agreed and served in the Abkhazian government as a minister of defence and a vice-premier till May 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19372582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372582" title="List of census-designated places in Louisiana">
List of census-designated places in Louisiana

This page lists census-designated places (CDPs) in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2010 census, there were a total of 98 census-designated places in Louisiana.
By Parish.
Twenty four of Louisiana's sixty four parishes contain census-designated places.

</doc>
<doc id="19372584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372584" title="Volpaia">
Volpaia

The winery that produces the well-known Chianti Classico wine operates within the walls of the Castello di Volpaia, a fortified village of medieval origin. The first document in which the castle is clearly mentioned was written at Cintoia, a small village about south of Florence, on April 21, 1172. It notes that the brothers Franculus and Galfredus da Cintoia, after having obtained the consent of their father and of "Liquiritia, uxor Franculi" (wife of Franculus), have obtained a loan of 28 silver pounds from Spinello da Montegrossoli. Their possessions, situated in the "court and castle of Vulpaio," were offered as security for repayment of the loan. The document was published by L. Pagliai in che Regesta Chartarum Italiae (page 217). It is certain, however, that the castle had been built many years before that document was written.
The origins.
The castle was probably constructed in the 10th century, when others were being built in the upper valley of the Pesa River. It perches on the ridge of one of a series of hills stretching from the Badia (Abbey) of Montemuro toward Radda. Posted on the very spine of the hill separating two small valleys formed by tributaries of the Pesa, it could be defended easily. The choice of site is evidence of the basic insecurity of feudal society.
In Volpaia's case, the siting of the castle had a more specific significance, for it was constructed in a frontier area between Florentine and Sienese territories. From the political point of view, the fortified village, along with the nearby Chapel of Santa Maria Novella, was considered by the end of the 11th century to be within the jurisdiction of Florence. Any uncertainties on that point were dissipated early in the second half of the following century when the district became a dependent territory of Florence. It was at that time that the Republics of Florence and Siena first marked out their common border.
When Florence in 1250 organized its possessions, creating the autonomous jurisdictions of the "Leghe", Volpaia was placed within the district of the Lega del Chianti among the people of the "Terzo" of Radda in Chianti.
The political arrangement, in turn, determined the territorial organization of the Church and the layout of the region's network of roads. Volpaia was incorporated in the diocese of Fiesole and the village-castle's church, dedicated to St. Lawrence the Martyr, was dependent on the Chapel of Santa Maria Novella. The chapel was an important hub in the Chianti highway system. A road that began at the little community clustered around the walls of the chapel and passed by the Castello di Volpaia connected the upper valleys of the Pesa and Arno. That route was responsible for the construction at Volpaia in the 15th century of a hospice where pilgrims could find shelter. The road descended to the floor of the Val di Pesa, where some traces of its path are still visible today. The route then climbed the mountains again in the direction of Albola. From that point, it was an easy climb to the ridge of the mountains separating Chianti from the upper Valdarno.
The battles of the 15th century..
Situated along the "spinal cord" of Chianti, Volpaia repeatedly had to suffer the consequences of the ancient rivalry of the Republics of Florence and Siena. The borders of the two states touched in the immediate vicinity of the castle. Each state found the other an obstacle to its territorial expansion and there was never any lack of pretexts for armed forays and clashes as each sought to improve its position at the other's expense. The most devastating raids were those led by the mercenary captain Alberico da Barbiano during the war between Florence and the Visconti. And there were two disastrous invasions by the Aragonese army in 1452 and 1478. Twice, the Castello di Volpaia found itself on the front line in the Florentine Republic's defense of its possessions in the Terzo di Radda. It was in the course of the second Aragonese invasion that the castle and its inhabitants gave the greatest proofs of their loyalty to Florence.
On December 24, 1477, Siena and Ferdinand II of Aragon (better known as Ferrante), King of Naples, signed an alliance directed against Florence. The following year, that military combination was reinforced when Pope Sixtus IV brought the Holy See into the alliance. Sixtus was angry with the Medici because the Florentines had accused the pontiff's grandson, Raffaele Sansoni, Cardinal of San Giorgio, of involvement in the Pazzi conspiracy. The plotters succeeded in wounding Lorenzo the Magnificent and killing his brother, Giuliano. The assassins attacked the two Medici as they attended mass in the cathedral of Florence. It was generally believed at the time (and is now regarded as certain) that Sixtus IV was behind the conspiracy.
In July, 1478, the combined armies of Siena ad Naples attacked the Florentine state, advancing along the valley of the Staggia River. They besieged and captured the castle of Rencine. In August, the allied armies took possession of the principal fortifications of the Chianti region, one of which was Volpaia. Articles three and six of the alliance stipulated that all the lands and castles conquered by the allies within a radius of of Siena would become that city's property. It appeared, therefore, that Volpaia would henceforth adhere to the Sienese cause and join in the war against Florence. Things turned out otherwise, for later in August Volpaia rebelled against the Sienese, who had only just taken possession. The garrison that had been stationed in the village was driven out and the Sienese commissioner, whose name was Cipriano, was taken prisoner and sent to Florence.
As soon as they learned of the revolt, the allied armies returned under the leadership of Federigo, the son of the King of Naples. On September 2, they overcame the defenders' resistance and the castle at Volpaia was again devastated. However, Sienese control was not fated to endure. On October 7 of the same year, the Florentines recaptured the fortifications, along with the great majority of the Chianti castles. The war had spread beyond the territory of Chianti and there were numerous shifts of fortune. But armies and battles were not decisive, for neither side was able to achieve a complete victory. Finally, a truce was arranged in Rome in 1479 and it was transformed into a peace treaty in March, 1480.
The testimony of art.
Despite repeated devastation and reconstruction, the Castello di Volpaia still preserves many traces of its past as a Florentine outpost in the territory of Chianti. The fortress, which consisted of a belt of walls, was mainly elliptical in plan. Incorporated in the ramparts was a series of defense towers. Most of them, posted at the side of the entrance gate, were intended as final refuges in the event that the outer defenses fell to an enemy. All that remains today of those fortifications, beyond a few stretches of the original walls, is the ponderous principal tower of the fortress, built on a rectangular plan, as well as one of the subordinate towers. It is obvious that a cylindrical tower on the north side of the castle was added at a later date, since the stonework is different. The tower is built of carefully trimmed, squared stone, while the remaining stretches of walls and towers are much more roughly assembled. It is most probable that the cylindrical tower was erected after the destructive Aragonese invasion of 1478.
A lane cuts across the castle's inner precincts along its major axis, dividing the interior into two nearly equal parts. That lane begins at the castle's principal gateway. All trace of that entrance has vanished, for the whole southwestern section of the walls underwent many extensive alterations over the centuries. However, that stretch of wall appeared in a print produced in the 18th century. There are numerous vestiges of medieval construction in that sector for parts of the ancient defense walls were incorporated in later structures erected for habitation.
Within the chain of walls was the ancient church of Volpaia. Its façade still retains a rose window, although its opening has been sealed with stone. Above the relatively simple portal an archivolt or ornamental band encircles the ogival or pointed Gothic arch. The church is more or less rectangular in plan with a single nave roofed over by simple beams that were left unconcealed. The roughness of the construction would suggest a 14th-century origin. However, it is also possible that the church was built into the ruins of a Romanesque chapel in the last half of the 15th century when damage caused by the Aragonese invasion was being repaired. One of the surviving defense towers was retained as a bell tower for the church, which was de-consecrated in the 19th century following the construction of the new church of Volpaia.
The total lack of architectural elaboration and the absence of sculpted decorative elements frustrate all attempts to establish an exact date for the construction of the Castello di Volpaia. The oldest part of the walls, where the courses of stone are perfectly dressed, could go back to the first half of the 13th century. Because there was a quarry nearby, which was exploited until fairly recently, the walls of the Volpaia castle are built primarily of sandstone. The stone's darkness gives the castle a somewhat gloomy aspect, which is rather unusual in Chianti. In that area, the sunny brilliance of limestone usually prevails even in structures intended solely for defense.
Dating the castle's most remarkable structure, the tower-church dedicated to St. Eufrosino, the evangelist of the Chianti district, poses no serious problems. The church, which is the castle's proudest monument and its symbol, was built between 1443 and 1460 and it is generally known as "La Commenda", since it was founded as a commenda, a benefice or "living", in 1443 by Ser Piero della Volpaia. The first priest appointed to the benefice was Fra Bartolomeo Canigiani, a knight of the Holy Sepulchre.
Within the precincts of the castle, several oratories or small churches appeared, especially during the Counter-Reformation period. Two of those minor structures, which date to the 17th century, have survived. One is the chapel known as the Ceppeto, which is extremely simple and lacks any artistic pretense. The second is the Chapel of the Madonna del Fossato, a gracious structure built on a rectangular plan. It is preceded by a portico, supported by pillars of gray stone, that is reached by a short, steep flight of steps. A fresco of the second half of the 15th century, depicting a Madonna and Child, has been preserved in the second chapel.
Illustrious names.
The Science History Museum at Florence possesses numerous products of the Volpaias and especially instruments created by Girolamo. Among the most interesting are a nocturnal and solar clock, which is signed and dated 1568, and an armillary sphere, which also bears the maker's signature and the date 1564. Other instruments can be found in the Science Museum at London, the National Maritime Museum at Greenwich, the Adler Planetarium in Chicago and at other museums throughout the world that are devoted to the history of science. Of special interest, too, are the three codices produced by the Volpaias (Codex Marciano No. 5363, Codex Magliabechi Vol. XIX, No. 90, and Codex Antinori No. 17), all of which are typical examples of the manuals of a secret and highly personal nature drawn up by the artisans of the Renaissance. Other illustrious members of the family were Ser Piero della Volpaia, who founded and endowed the Commenda di Sant'Eufrosino; Lorenzo di Frosino della Volpaia, prior of the Spedale degli Innocenti at Florence between 1456 and 1458, and Francesco di Frosino della Volpaia, who was elected podestà (chief executive officer) of Radda in 1633.
The vitivinicultural vocation.
That Volpaia was a vitivinicultural center of special importance is confirmed by the fact that, unlike Brolio, Meleto and other Chianti-area castles, Volpaia is a terra murata, a walled village. There is considerable evidence that the decision to fortify Volpaia was due not only to military reasons but also and above all to the necessity of protecting the rural economy of the area, which was already devoted in the main to the growing of grapes and making of wines.
The fortunes of the vitivinicultural economy of Volpaia improved markedly beginning in the 16th century as a result of the long period of peace that military stalemate imposed on Florence and Siena. In those happier times, the wines of the Chianti district were able to establish a reputation for goodness and quality not only in Italy but also throughout a vast swatch of Europe. The Volpaia area came to be known as the "viniferous well", a term cited by Emanuele Repetti in his Dizionario Storico Geografico della Toscana (Historical-Geographical Dictionary of Tuscany), which appeared in 1841.
Fine wine is still produced on those hills, the Chianti Classico of the Castello di Volpaia. It is made in an area that has preserved intact its medieval and 15th century character, thanks to the restrictions on construction in the countryside imposed by the National Superintendency of Monuments. The winery is established in the underground vaults of the castle and of the Commenda. The bottling operation functions in a hall of a small patrician palace. The residential quarters in rustic medieval houses form an urban complex amid the vines, olives and forests of Chianti . Altogether, they constitute a monument, whether from an architectural or artistic point of view, to a remote culture. And the life and prosperity of that culture were based, as is still the case today, on the vines and wines of Chianti Classico.

</doc>
<doc id="19372589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372589" title="Animal Liberation Front">
Animal Liberation Front

The Animal Liberation Front (ALF) is an international, underground leaderless resistance that engages in illegal direct action in pursuit of animal liberation. Activists see themselves as a modern-day Underground Railroad, removing animals from laboratories and farms, destroying facilities, arranging safe houses and veterinary care, and operating sanctuaries where the animals subsequently live. Critics have compared them to terrorists.
Active in over 40 countries, ALF cells operate clandestinely, consisting of small groups of friends and sometimes just one person, which makes the movement difficult for the authorities to monitor. Robin Webb of the British Animal Liberation Press Office has said: "That is why the ALF cannot be smashed, it cannot be effectively infiltrated, it cannot be stopped. You, each and every one of you: you are the ALF."
Activists say the movement is non-violent. According to the ALF's code, any act that furthers the cause of animal liberation, where all reasonable precautions are taken not to harm human or non-human life, may be claimed as an ALF action. American activist Rod Coronado said in 2006: "One thing that I know that separates us from the people we are constantly accused of being—that is, terrorists, violent criminals—is the fact that we have harmed no one."
There has nevertheless been widespread criticism that ALF spokespersons and activists have either failed to condemn acts of violence or have themselves engaged in it, either in the name of the ALF or under another banner. The criticism has been accompanied by dissent within the animal rights movement itself about the use of violence, and increasing attention from the police and intelligence communities. In 2002 the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), which monitors extremism in the U.S., noted the involvement of the ALF in the Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty campaign, which SPLC identified as using terrorist tactics—though a later SPLC report also noted that they have not killed anyone. In 2005 the ALF was included in a United States Department of Homeland Security planning document listing a number of domestic terrorist threats on which the U.S. government expected to focus resources. In the UK, ALF actions are regarded as examples of domestic extremism, and are handled by the National Extremism Tactical Coordination Unit, set up in 2004 to monitor ALF and other illegal animal rights activity.
Origins.
Band of Mercy.
The roots of the ALF trace back to December 1963, when British journalist John Prestige was assigned to cover a Devon and Somerset Staghounds event, where he watched hunters chase and kill a pregnant deer. In protest, he formed the Hunt Saboteurs Association (HSA), which evolved into groups of volunteers trained to thwart the hunts' hounds by blowing horns and laying false scents.
Animal rights writer Noel Molland writes that one of these HSA groups was formed in 1971 by a law student from Luton, Ronnie Lee. In 1972, Lee and a fellow activist, Cliff Goodman, decided more militant tactics were needed. They revived the name of a 19th-century RSPCA youth group, The Bands of Mercy, and with about half a dozen activists set up the Band of Mercy, which attacked hunters' vehicles by slashing tires and breaking windows, designed to stop the hunt from even beginning, rather than thwarting it once underway.
In 1973, the Band learned that Hoechst Pharmaceuticals was building a research laboratory near Milton Keynes. On November 10, 1973, two activists set fire to the building, causing £26,000 worth of damage, returning six days later to set fire to what was left of it. It was the animal liberation movement's first known act of arson. In June 1974, two Band activists set fire to boats taking part in the annual seal cull off the Norfolk coast, which Molland writes was the last time the cull took place. Between June and August 1974, the Band launched eight raids against animal-testing laboratories, and others against chicken breeders and gun shops, damaging buildings or vehicles. Its first act of "animal liberation" took place during the same period when activists removed half a dozen guinea pigs from a guinea pig farm in Wiltshire, after which the owner closed the business, fearing further attacks. Then, as now, the use of violence against property caused a split within the fledgling movement. In July 1974, the Hunt Saboteurs Association offered a £250 reward for information leading to the identification of the Band of Mercy, telling the press, "We approve of their ideals, but are opposed to their methods."
ALF formed.
In August 1974, Lee and Goodman were arrested for taking part in a raid on Oxford Laboratory Animal Colonies in Bicester, earning them the moniker the "Bicester Two." Daily demonstrations took place outside the court during their trial; Lee's local Labour MP, Ivor Clemitson, was one of their supporters. They were sentenced to three years in prison, during which Lee went on the movement's first hunger strike to obtain vegan food and clothing. They were paroled after 12 months, Lee emerging in the spring of 1976 more militant than ever. He gathered together the remaining Band of Mercy activists and two dozen new recruits, 30 in all. Molland writes that the Band of Mercy name sounded wrong as a description of what Lee saw as a revolutionary movement. Lee wanted a name that would haunt those who used animals, according to Molland. Thus, the Animal Liberation Front was born.
Structure and aims.
Underground and above-ground.
The movement has underground and above-ground components, and is entirely decentralized with no formal hierarchy, the absence of which acts as a firebreak when it comes to legal responsibility. Volunteers are expected to stick to the ALF's stated aims when using its banner:
A number of above-ground groups exist to support covert volunteers. The Animal Liberation Front Supporters Group (ALF SG) adopts activists in jail as prisoners of conscience; anyone can join the ALFSG for a small monthly fee. The Vegan Prisoners Support Group, created in 1994 when British activist Keith Mann was first jailed, works with prison authorities in the UK to ensure that ALF prisoners have access to vegan supplies. The Animal Liberation Press Office receives and publicizes anonymous communiqués from volunteers; it operates as an ostensibly independent group funded by public donations, though the High Court in London ruled in 2006 that its press officer in the UK, Robin Webb, was a pivotal figure in the ALF.
There are three publications associated with the ALF. "Arkangel" is a British bi-annual magazine founded by Ronnie Lee. "Bite Back" is a website where activists leave claims of responsibility; it published a "Direct Action Report" in 2005 stating that, in 2004 alone, ALF activists had removed 17,262 animals from facilities, and had claimed 554 acts of vandalism and arson. "No Compromise" is a San Francisco-based website that also reports on ALF actions.
Philosophy of direct action.
ALF activists argue that animals should not be viewed as property, and that scientists and industry have no right to assume ownership of living beings who in the words of philosopher Tom Regan are the "subjects-of-a-life." In the view of the ALF, to fail to recognize this is an example of speciesism—the ascription of different values to beings on the basis of their species membership alone, which they argue is as ethically flawed as racism or sexism. They reject the animal welfarist position that more humane treatment is needed for animals; they say their aim is empty cages, not bigger ones. Activists argue that the animals they remove from laboratories or farms are "liberated," not "stolen," because they were never rightfully owned in the first place.
Although the ALF rejects violence against people, many activists support attacks on property, comparing the destruction of animal laboratories and other facilities to resistance fighters blowing up gas chambers in Nazi Germany. Their argument for sabotage is that the removal of animals from a laboratory simply means they will be quickly replaced, but if the laboratory itself is destroyed, it not only slows down the restocking process, but increases costs, possibly to the point of making animal research prohibitively expensive; this, they argue, will encourage the search for alternatives. An ALF activist involved in an arson attack on the University of Arizona told "No Compromise" in 1996: "t is much the same thing as the abolitionists who fought against slavery going in and burning down the quarters or tearing down the auction block ... Sometimes when you just take animals and do nothing else, perhaps that is not as strong a message."
The provision against violence in the ALF code has triggered divisions within the movement and allegations of hypocrisy from the ALF's critics. In 1998, terrorism expert Paul Wilkinson said the ALF and its splinter groups were "the most serious domestic terrorist threat within the United Kingdom". In 1993, ALF was listed as an organization that has "claimed to have perpetrated acts of extremism in the United States" in the Report to Congress on the Extent and Effects of Domestic and International Terrorism on Animal Enterprises. It was named as a terrorist threat by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security in January 2005. In March 2005, a speech from the Counterterrorism Division of the FBI stated that: "The eco-terrorist movement has given rise and notoriety to groups such as the Animal Liberation Front, or ALF, and the Earth Liberation Front, or ELF. These groups exist to commit serious acts of vandalism, and to harass and intimidate owners and employees of the business sector." In hearings held on May 18, 2005 before a Senate panel, officials of the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF) stated that "violent animal rights extremists and eco-terrorists now pose one of the most serious terrorism threats to the nation." The use of the terrorist label has been criticized, however; the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks U.S. domestic extremism, writes that "for all the property damage they have wreaked, eco-radicals have killed no one."
Philosopher Steven Best and trauma surgeon Jerry Vlasak, both of whom have volunteered for the North American press office, were banned from entering the UK in 2004 and 2005 after making statements that appeared to support violence against people. Vlasak told an animal rights conferences in 2003: "I don't think you'd have to kill—assassinate—too many vivisectors before you would see a marked decrease in the amount of vivisection going on. And I think for five lives, 10 lives, 15 human lives, we could save a million, two million, 10 million non-human animals." Best has coined the term "extensional self-defense" to describe actions carried out in defense of animals by human beings acting as proxies. He argues that, in carrying out acts of extensional self-defense, activists have the moral right to engage in acts of sabotage or even violence, because animals are unable to fight back themselves. Best argues that the principle of extensional self-defense mirrors the penal code statues known as the necessity defense, which can be invoked when a defendant believes the illegal act was necessary to avoid imminent and great harm.
The nature of the ALF as a leaderless resistance means support for Vlasak and Best is hard to measure. An anonymous volunteer interviewed in 2005 for CBS's "60 Minutes" said of Vlasak: "doesn't operate with our endorsement or our support or our appreciation, the support of the ALF. We have a strict code of non-violence ... I don’t know who put Dr. Vlasak in the position he's in. It wasn't us, the ALF."
Philosopher Peter Singer of Princeton University has argued that ALF direct action can only be regarded as a just cause if it is non-violent, and that the ALF is at its most effective when uncovering evidence of animal abuse that other tactics could not expose. He cites as an example the 1984 ALF raid on the University of Pennsylvania head-injury research clinic, during which the ALF removed footage shot by the researchers that showed them laughing at conscious baboons being brain damaged. The university responded that the treatment of the animals conformed to National Institutes of Health guidelines, but as a result of the publicity, the lab was closed down, the chief veterinarian fired, and the university placed on probation. Barbara Orlans, a former animal researcher with the NIH, now with the Kennedy Institute of Ethics, writes that the case stunned the biomedical community, and is today considered one of the most significant cases in the ethics of using animals in research. Singer argues that if the ALF would focus on this kind of direct action, instead of sabotage, it would appeal to the minds of reasonable people. Against this, Steven Best writes that industries and governments have too much institutional and financial bias for reason to prevail.
Peter Hughes of the University of Sunderland cites a 1988 raid in the UK led by ALF activist Barry Horne as an example of positive ALF direct action. Horne and four other activists decided to free Rocky, a dolphin who had lived in a small concrete pool in Marineland in Morecambe for 20 years, by moving him from his pool to the sea. The police spotted them carrying a home-made dolphin stretcher, and they were convicted of conspiracy to steal, but they continued to campaign for Rocky's release. Marineland eventually agreed to sell him for £120,000, money that was raised with the help of the Born Free Foundation and the "Mail on Sunday", and in 1991 Rocky was transferred to an lagoon reserve in the Turks and Caicos Islands, then released. Hughes writes that the ALF action helped to create a paradigm shift in the UK toward seeing dolphins as "individual actors," as a result of which, he writes, there are now no captive dolphins in the UK.
Early tactics and ideology.
Rachel Monaghan of the University of Ulster writes that, in their first year of operation alone, ALF actions accounted for £250,000 worth of damage, targeting butchers shops, furriers, circuses, slaughterhouses, breeders, and fast-food restaurants. She writes that the ALF philosophy was that violence can only take place against sentient life forms, and therefore focusing on property destruction and the removal of animals from laboratories and farms was consistent with a philosophy of non-violence, despite the damage they were causing. Writing in 1974, Ronnie Lee was insistent that direct action be "limited only by reverence of life and hatred of violence," and in 1979, he wrote that many ALF raids had been called off because of the risk to life.
Kim Stallwood, a national organizer for the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection (BUAV) in the 1980s, writes that the public's response to early ALF raids that removed animals was very positive, in large measure because of the non-violence policy. When Mike Huskisson removed three beagles from a tobacco study at ICI in June 1975, the media portrayed him as a hero. Robin Webb writes that ALF volunteers were viewed as the "Robin Hoods of the animal welfare world."
This glamorization of the movement attracted a new breed of activist, Stallwood writes. They were younger, often unemployed, and more interested in anarchism than in animal liberation "per se". Stallwood writes that they saw ALF activism as part of their opposition to the state, rather than as an end-in-itself, and did not want to adhere to non-violence. In the early 1980s, the BUAV, an anti-vivisection group founded by Frances Power Cobbe in 1898, was among the ALF's supporters. Stallwood writes that it donated part of its office space rent-free to the ALF Supporters Group, and gave ALF actions uncritical support in its newspaper, "The Liberator". In 1982, a group of ALF activists, including Roger Yates, now a sociology lecturer at University College, Dublin, and Dave McColl, a director of Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, became members of the BUAV's executive committee, and used their position to radicalize the organization. Stallwood writes that the new executive believed all political action to be a waste of time, and wanted the BUAV to devote its resources exclusively to direct action. Whereas the earliest activists had been committed to rescuing animals, and destroyed property only where it contributed to the former, by the mid-1980s, Stallwood believed the ALF had lost its ethical foundation, and had become an opportunity "for misfits and misanthropes to seek personal revenge for some perceived social injustice." He writes: "Where was the intelligent debate about tactics and strategies that went beyond the mindless rhetoric and emotional elitism pervading much of the self-produced direct action literature? In short, what had happened to the animals' interests?" In 1984, the BUAV board reluctantly voted to expel the ALF SG from its premises and withdraw its political support, after which, Stallwood writes, the ALF became increasingly isolated.
Development of the ALF in the U.S..
There are conflicting accounts of when the ALF first emerged in the United States. The FBI writes that animal rights activists had a history of committing low-level criminal activity in the U.S. dating back to the 1970s. Freeman Wicklund and Kim Stallwood say the first ALF action there was on May 29, 1977, when researchers Ken LeVasseur and Steve Sipman released two dolphins, Puka and Kea, into the ocean from the University of Hawaii's Marine Mammal Laboratory. The North American Animal Liberation Press Office attributes the dolphin release to a group called Undersea Railroad, and says the first ALF action was, in fact, a raid on the New York University Medical Center on March 14, 1979, when activists removed one cat, two dogs, and two guinea pigs.
Kathy Snow Guillermo writes in "Monkey Business" that the first ALF action was the removal on September 22, 1981 of the Silver Spring monkeys, 17 lab monkeys in the legal custody of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), after a researcher who had been experimenting on them was arrested for alleged violations of cruelty legislation. When the court ruled that the monkeys be returned to the researcher, they mysteriously disappeared, only to reappear five days later when PETA learned that legal action against the researcher could not proceed without the monkeys as evidence.
Ingrid Newkirk, the president of PETA, writes that the first ALF cell was set up in late 1982, after a police officer she calls "Valerie" responded to the publicity triggered by the Silver Spring monkeys case, and flew to England to be trained by the ALF. Posing as a reporter, Valerie was put in touch with Ronnie Lee by Kim Stallwood, who at the time was working for the BUAV. Lee directed her to a training camp, where she was taught how to break into laboratories. Newkirk writes that Valerie returned to Maryland and set up an ALF cell, with the first raid taking place on December 24, 1982 against Howard University, where 24 cats were removed, some of whose back legs had been crippled. Jo Shoesmith, an American attorney and animal rights activist, says Newkirk's account of "Valerie" is not only fictionalized, as Newkirk acknowledges, but totally fictitious.
Two early ALF raids led to the closure of several university studies. A raid on May 28, 1984 on the University of Pennsylvania's head injury clinic caused $60,000 worth of damage and saw the removal of 60 hours of tapes, which showed the researchers laughing as they used a hydraulic device to cause brain damage to baboons. The tapes were turned over to PETA, who produced a 26-minute video called "Unnecessary Fuss". As a result of the publicity, the head injury clinic was closed, the university's chief veterinarian was fired, and the university was put on probation.
On April 20, 1985, acting on a tip-off from a student, the ALF raided a laboratory in the University of California, Riverside, causing nearly $700,000 worth of damage and removing 468 animals. These included Britches, a five-week old macaque monkey, who had been separated from his mother at birth and left alone with his eyes sewn shut and a sonar device on his head, as part of a study into blindness. As a result of the raid, which was taped by the ALF (video), eight of the 17 research projects active at the laboratory at the time were shut down, and the university said years of medical research were lost. The raid prompted James Wyngaarden, head of the National Institutes of Health, to argue that raids on laboratories should be regarded as acts of terrorism.
Animal Rights Militia and Justice Department.
Monaghan writes that, around 1982, there was a noticeable shift in the non-violent position, and not one approved by everyone in the movement. Some activists began to make personal threats against individuals, followed by letter bombs and threats to contaminate food, the latter representing yet another shift to threatening the general public, rather than specific targets.
In 1982, letter bombs were sent to all four major party leaders in the UK, including the prime minister, Margaret Thatcher. In November 1984, the first major food scare was carried out, with the ALF claiming in phone calls and letters to the media that it had contaminated Mars Bars—part of a campaign to force the Mars company to stop conducting tooth decay tests on monkeys. On November 17, the "Sunday Mirror" received a call from the ALF saying it had injected Mars Bars in stores throughout the country with rat poison. The call was followed by a letter containing a Mars Bar, presumed to be contaminated, and the claim that these were on sale in London, Leeds, York, Southampton, and Coventry. Millions of bars were removed from shelves and Mars halted production, at a cost to the company of $4.5 million. The ALF admitted the claims had been a hoax. Similar contamination claims were later made against L'Oréal and Lucozade.
The letter bombs were claimed by the Animal Rights Militia (ARM), although the initial statement in November 1984 by David Mellor, then a Home Office minister, made clear that it was the Animal Liberation Front who had claimed responsibility. This is an early example of the shifting of responsibility from one banner to another depending on the nature of the act, with the ARM and another "nom de guerre", the Justice Department—the latter first used in 1993—emerging as names for direct action that violated the ALF's "no harm to living beings" principle. Ronnie Lee, who had earlier insisted on the importance of the ALF's non-violence policy, seemed to support the idea. An article signed by RL—presumed to be Ronnie Lee—in the October 1984 ALF Supporters Group newsletter, suggested that activists set up "fresh groups ... under new names whose policies do not preclude the use of violence toward animal abusers."
No activist is known to have conducted operations under both the ALF and ARM banners, but the overlap is assumed. Terrorism expert Paul Wilkinson has written that the ALF, the Justice Department, and the ARM are essentially the same thing, and Robert Garner of the University of Leicester writes that it would be pointless to argue otherwise, given the nature of the movement as a leaderless resistance. Robin Webb of the British Animal Liberation Press Office has acknowledged that the activists may be the same people: "If someone wishes to act as the Animal Rights Militia or the Justice Department, simply put, the ... policy of the Animal Liberation Front, to take all reasonable precautions not to endanger life, no longer applies."
From 1983 onwards, a series of fire bombs exploded in department stores that sold fur, with the intention of triggering the sprinkler systems in order to cause damage, although several stores were partly or completely destroyed. In September 1985, incendiary devices were placed under the cars of Dr. Sharat Gangoli and Dr. Stuart Walker, both animal researchers with the British Industrial Biological Research Association (BIBRA), wrecking both vehicles but with no injuries, and with the ARM claiming responsibility. In January 1986, the ARM said it had placed devices under the cars of four employees of Huntingdon Life Sciences, timed to explode an hour apart from each other. A further device was placed under the car of Dr. Andor Sebesteny, a researcher for the Imperial Cancer Research Fund, which he spotted before it exploded. The next major attacks on individual researchers took place in 1990, when the cars of two veterinary researchers were destroyed by sophisticated explosive devices in two separate explosions. In February 1989, an explosion damaged the Senate House bar in Bristol University, an attack claimed by the unknown "Animal Abused Society". In June 1990, two days apart, bombs exploded in the cars of Margaret Baskerville, a veterinary surgeon working at Porton Down, a chemical research defence establishment, and Patrick Max Headley, a physiologist at Bristol University. Baskerville escaped without injury by jumping through the window of her mini-jeep when a bomb using a mercury-tilt device exploded next to the fuel tank. During the attack on Headley, which New Scientist writes involved the use of plastic explosives, a 13-month-old baby passing by in a stroller suffered flash burns, shrapnel wounds to his back, and a partially severed finger. A wave of letter bombs followed in 1993, one of which was opened by the head of the Hereford site of GlaxoSmithKline, causing burns to his hands and face. Eleven similar devices were intercepted in postal sorting offices.
False flags and plausible deniability.
The nature of the ALF exposes its name to the risk of being used by activists who reject its non-violence platform, or by opponents conducting so-called "false-flag" operations, designed to make the ALF appear violent. That same uncertainty provides genuine ALF activists with plausible deniability should an operation go wrong, by denying that the act was "authentically ALF".
Several incidents in 1989 and 1990 were described by the movement as false flag operations. In February 1989, an explosion damaged the Senate House bar in Bristol University, an attack claimed by the unknown "Animal Abused Society". In June 1990, two days apart, bombs exploded in the cars of Margaret Baskerville, a veterinary surgeon working at Porton Down, a chemical research defence establishment, and Patrick Max Headley, a professor of physiology at Bristol University. Baskerville escaped without injury by jumping through the window of her mini-jeep when a bomb using a mercury-tilt device exploded next to the fuel tank. During the attack on Headley, which "New Scientist" writes involved the use of plastic explosives, a 13-month-old baby passing by in a stroller suffered flash burns, shrapnel wounds to his back, and a partially severed finger.
No known entity claimed responsibility for the attacks, which were condemned within the animal rights movement and by ALF activists. Keith Mann writes that it did not seem plausible that activists known for making simple incendiary devices from household components would suddenly switch to mercury-tilt switches and plastic explosives, then never be heard from again. A few days after the bombings, the unknown "British Animal Rights Society" claimed responsibility for having attached a nail bomb to a huntsman's Land Rover in Somerset. Forensic evidence led police to arrest the owner of the vehicle, who admitted he had bombed his own car to discredit the animal rights movement, and asked for two similar offences to be taken into consideration. He was jailed for nine months. The Baskerville and Headley bombers were never apprehended.
1996 onwards.
Property destruction began to increase substantially after several high-profile campaigns closed down facilities perceived to be abusive to animals. Consort Kennels, a facility breeding beagles for animal testing; Hillgrove Farm, which bred cats; and Newchurch Farm, which bred guinea pigs, were all closed after being targeted by animal rights campaigns that appeared to involve the ALF. In the UK, the financial year 1991–1992 saw around 100 refrigerated meat trucks destroyed by incendiary devices at a cost of around £5 million. Butchers' locks were superglued, shrink-wrapped meats were pierced in supermarkets, slaughterhouses and refrigerated meat trucks were set on fire.
In 1999, ALF activists became involved in the international Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty (SHAC) campaign to close Huntingdon Life Sciences (HLS), Europe's largest animal-testing laboratory. The Southern Poverty Law Center, which monitors U.S. domestic extremism, has described SHAC's "modus operandi" as "frankly terroristic tactics similar to those of anti-abortion extremists." ALF activist Donald Currie was jailed for 12 years and placed on probation for life in December 2006 after being found guilty of planting homemade bombs on the doorsteps of businessmen with links to HLS. HLS director Brian Cass was attacked by men wielding pick-axe handles in February 2001, an attack so serious that Detective Chief Inspector Tom Hobbs of Cambridgeshire police said it was only by sheer luck that they were not starting a murder inquiry. David Blenkinsop was one of those convicted of the attack, someone who in the past had conducted actions in the name of the ALF.
Also in 1999, a freelance reporter, Graham Hall, said he had been attacked after producing a documentary critical of the ALF, which was aired on Channel 4. The documentary showed ALF press officer, Robin Webb, appearing to give Hall—who was filming undercover and purporting to be an activist—advice about how to make an improvised explosive device, though Webb said his comments had been used out of context. Hall said that, as a result of the documentary, he was abducted, tied to a chair, and had the letters "ALF" branded on his back, before being released 12 hours later with a warning not to tell the police.
In June 2006, the ALF claimed responsibility for a firebomb attack on University of California, Los Angeles researcher Lynn Fairbanks, after a firebomb was placed on the doorstep of a house occupied by her 70 year-old tenant; according to the FBI, it was powerful enough to have killed the occupants, but failed to ignite. The attack was credited by the acting chancellor of UCLA as helping to shape the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act. Animal liberation press officer Jerry Vlasak said of the attack: "force is a poor second choice, but if that's the only thing that will work ... there's certainly moral justification for that." As of 2008, activists were increasingly taking protests to the homes of researchers, staging "home demonstrations," which can involve making noise during the night, writing slogans on the researchers' property, smashing windows, and spreading rumours to neighbours.
Operation Backfire.
On January 20, 2006, as part of "Operation Backfire", the U.S. Department of Justice announced charges against nine Americans and two Canadian activists calling themselves the "family." At least 9 of the 11 pleaded guilty to conspiracy and arson for their parts in a string of 20 arsons from 1996 through 2001, damage totaled $40 Million. The Department of Justice called the acts examples of domestic terrorism. Environmental and animal rights activists have referred to the legal action as the "Green Scare". The incidents included arson attacks against meat-processing plants, lumber companies, a high-tension power line, and a ski center, in Oregon, Wyoming, Washington, California, and Colorado between 1996 and 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19372619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372619" title="Kenneth Warren">
Kenneth Warren

Kenneth Warren may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19372626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372626" title="Tomares ballus">
Tomares ballus

The Provence Hairstreak or Cardenillo "(Tomares ballus)" is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found on the Iberian Peninsula, Northern Africa and along the Mediterranean coast of France.
The wingspan is 28–30 mm. The butterfly flies from January to April.
The larvae feed on Astragalus lusitanicus, Medicago, Dorycnium, Lotus and Anthyllis.

</doc>
<doc id="19372627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372627" title="Productos Ramo">
Productos Ramo

Productos Ramo is popular Colombian snackfood company, perhaps the only independent national brand to offer serious competition to multinational brands like Frito Lay and Grupo Bimbo. Ramo snacks, sold in corner stores and snack stands around the country, are somewhat of an institution in Colombia, the most well-known being "Gala" packaged pasteries, "Chocoramo" (a square of cake coated in chocolate) and "Maizitos" (Frito-like fried corn chips). 
The company was founded in 1950 by Rafael Molano, from whom it takes its name. Ramo was the first brand to offer prepared and packaged cakes in Colombia. The logo and packaging of its products have changed little since the 1960s. It has several factories throughout the country and produces most of its own ingredients, including flour and eggs, in-house. Young men delivering Ramo products to neighborhood stores by freight tricycle are a common site in larger Colombian cities.

</doc>
<doc id="19372636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372636" title="Totes Fleisch">
Totes Fleisch

"Totes Fleisch" is a song composed by the rock band Terminal Choice, from their 1995 mini-album with the self title.
Review.
It was the band's first single it was published from Cyberware Productions and was limited of 1000 copies. In January 1998 released Terminal Choice a CD with remix versions from his song, it was limited of 666 copies hand numbered, from the 1998 overworked was the genre dance and is as a Megamix produced.
Covers.
In 1999 released Chris Pohl of the Terminal Choice EP Venus an Blutengel Remix, 2008 covered Chris Pohl his song with his new project Miss Construction, the song begins with silver screen quotations from Kill Bill.
Credits.
Recorded and mixed at Studio am Kleistpark.

</doc>
<doc id="19372669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372669" title="George River (Quebec)">
George River (Quebec)

George River (, Naskapi: "Mushuan Shipu" (River without trees), Innu: "Metsheshu Shipu" (Eagle River))) is a river in northern Quebec, Canada, that flows from Lake Jannière mainly north to Ungava Bay.
The George is a big and wide river. It offers relatively easy and inexpensive access to Ungava Bay, compared to other major rivers of this area, making it popular for canoe camping trips.
Geography.
The George River originates about east of Schefferville in Lake Jannière, between bogs and swamps. The headwater lakes are shallow, connected by rushing rapids. After Lake Advance, the river runs through heavy whitewater until it reaches Indian House Lake (Naskapi: "Mushuan Nipi" (The big lake in the barrens)), which stretches if measured by Canadian topo maps, or if measured by its flatwater character.
After Indian House Lake, the George really starts to flow. It offers an abundance of rapids with various levels of difficulty until it reaches Kangiqsualujjuaq close to Ungava Bay. Because of its easy access, many people without the necessary experience and skills have travelled this river and unfortunately some lost their lives. The river is big and powerful – the French word ""Fleuve"", also used to describe the Saint Lawrence River, describes its character better than the word ""Rivière"". The power of the George leaves no room for error. Climatic conditions are ideal for hypothermia. Canoeists have to contend also with serious tidal effects in the last .
History.
The George River was (re)named on 12 August 1811, by two Moravian missionaries Benjamin Gottlieb Kohlmeister and George Kmoch. These two missionaries came first to Okak in Labrador, then to Ungava Bay with a vision to evangelize the Inuit. They wrote in their diary: "We then proclaimed the name of the Kangertlualuksoak henceforth to be 'George River' ". The Moravian brothers wanted to honour George III, king of Great Britain and Ireland from 1760, who, in 1769, granted the Moravians land on the Labrador coast for permanent settlement.
In the winter of 1839–1840, the Hudson's Bay Company built a post called Fort Trial on the eastern shore of Indian House Lake. It was functional only until 15 June 1842. Well into the twentieth century, this lake appeared as "Erlandson's Lake" on charts, and Fort Trial was often referred to in HBC correspondence as "Erlandson's Post", named after Erland Erlandson, HBC clerk and the first European to travel overland from Hudson Strait to the Atlantic coast.
The George River was associated with the ill-fated Leonidas Hubbard expedition of 1903 and the subsequent successful canoe expeditions of Mina Hubbard and Dillon Wallace in 1905, and Hesketh Prichard in 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="19372673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372673" title="Harold Challenor">
Harold Challenor

Harold Gordon "Tanky" Challenor, MM (16 March 1922 – 28 August 2008) was a wartime member of the SAS, decorated for his part in Operation Speedwell. After the war he joined the Metropolitan Police, spending much of his career in CID. In 1963, when holding the rank of Detective Sergeant, he was charged with corruption offences and was subsequently found to have been suffering from mental health problems and deemed not to be fit to stand trial. He was sent to a secure hospital, and on his release, he joined the firm of solicitors which had defended him. A public enquiry was held into his actions and why his health problems had not been noticed by his superiors.
War service.
During the Second World War, Challenor served as a member of the Royal Army Medical Corps in North Africa and Italy between 1942 and 1944 before joining 62 Commando, which later formed part of the Special Air Service, as a lance-corporal. He later described himself as "the most aggressive medical orderly the Commandos ever had". He received the nickname of "Tanky" after losing his commando beret and having to borrow one from the Tank Corps.
From 7 September 1943, he took part in Operation Speedwell in which he helped derail three trains behind enemy lines. Following the operation, Challenor was twice captured but managed to escape each time, eventually reaching safety. He was one of only two out of the six soldiers involved in the operation to survive.
Challenor was awarded the Military Medal on 9 November 1944.
The citation read:
In later service, Challoner began to show a propensity for violence towards prisoners. In describing an occasion when he was in charge of some captive Gestapo officers, he recalled that "ne of them made the mistake of smiling at me. The gaze I returned had him backing away. Then I took them out one by one and exercised them with some stiff fisticuffs." He was already showing signs of delusions at this stage of his career. Challenor eventually reached the rank of company quartermaster sergeant before completing his military service in 1947.
Police service.
Challenor joined the Metropolitan police in 1951. During his police career, he served in the CID and the Flying Squad before eventually moving to West End Central Police Station in Mayfair in 1962, from here he was involved in policing the Soho area of London. At one point, he had a record of over 100 arrests in seven months and he eventually totalled 600 arrests and received 18 commendations. By the end of his career, Challoner's "modus operandi" included punching a suspect from Barbados while singing "Bongo, bongo, bongo, I don't want to leave the Congo". 
Various of his defendants claimed to have been beaten up or have had evidence planted on them but, at first, this did not prevent conviction. 
However, Challenor met his match on 11 July 1963 when he arrested Donald Rooum, a cartoonist for "Peace News", who was demonstrating outside Claridge's hotel against Queen Frederika of Greece. He told Rooum "You're fucking nicked, my beauty. Boo the Queen, would you?" and hit him on the head. Going through Rooum's possessions, Challenor added a half-brick, saying, "There you are, me old darling. Carrying an offensive weapon. You can get two years for that." Rooum, a member of the National Council for Civil Liberties who had read about forensic science, handed his clothes to his solicitor for testing. No brick dust or appropriate wear and tear were found and Rooum was acquitted, although other people Challenor arrested at the demonstration were still convicted on his evidence. 
By the time Challenor appeared at the Old Bailey in 1964, charged with conspiracy to pervert the course of justice, he was deemed to be unfit to plead and was sent to Netherne mental hospital with a diagnosis of paranoid schizophrenia. More recently it has been suggested that he might have been suffering from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. Three other detectives (David Oakley, Frank Battes and Keith Goldsmith) were sentenced to three years in prison. 
The case of Challenor was raised in parliament on several occasions. A statutory inquiry headed by Arthur James was eventually set up - the first such under the Police Act 1964. It was considered by some to be a whitewash and to have allowed police corruption to continue within the Metropolitan police unabated. In the report, Challenor's mental illness was blamed for the false arrests rather than a systemic policy of framing suspects. The lack of a follow-up prosecution of Challenor after he was discharged from hospital was also criticised as establishment corruption. Because of this, "doing a Challenor" became a police slang expression for avoiding punishment and prosecution through retiring sick from the force. "According to Mary Grigg's "The Challenor Case", a total of twenty-six innocent men were charged during Challenor's corrupt activities. Of these thirteen were imprisoned spending a total of thirteen years in gaol. On his release from the hospital, Challoner worked for the firm of solicitors which had defended him during his trial."
In film and literature.
In 1966, BBC's Wednesday Play television series included Clive Exton's "The Boneyard" whose main character - a psychotic police officer - was based on Challenor. Challenor was the subject of the novel "The Strange Affair" by Bernard Toms and of the 1968 film of the same name. He also was the model for Inspector Truscott in the play "Loot" by Joe Orton, which also became a film. Challenor himself produced a memoir in 1990 entitled "SAS and the Met". It was co-written with Alfred Draper.

</doc>
<doc id="19372691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372691" title="List of Dutch football transfers winter 2008–09">
List of Dutch football transfers winter 2008–09

This is a list of transfers in Dutch football for the 2009 Winter transfer window. Only moves featuring an Eredivisie side and/or an Eerste Divisie side are listed.
The winter transfer window will open on January 1, 2009, and will close on February 2. Deals may be signed at any given moment in the season, but the actual transfer may only take place during the transfer window. Unattached players may sign at any moment.
Eredivisie.
ADO Den Haag.
In:
Out:
Ajax.
In:
Out:
AZ.
In:
Out:
Feyenoord.
In:
Out:
De Graafschap.
In:
Out:
FC Groningen.
In:
Out:
SC Heerenveen.
In:
Out:
Heracles Almelo.
In:
Out:
NAC Breda.
In:
Out:
NEC.
In:
Out:
PSV.
In:
Out:
Roda JC.
In:
Out:
Sparta Rotterdam.
In:
Out:
FC Twente.
In:
Out:
FC Utrecht.
In:
Out:
Vitesse.
In:
Out:
FC Volendam.
In:
Out:
Willem II.
In:
Out:
Eerste Divisie.
AGOVV Apeldoorn.
In:
Out:
SC Cambuur.
In:
Out:
FC Den Bosch.
In:
Out:
FC Dordrecht.
In:
Out:
FC Eindhoven.
In:
Out:
FC Emmen.
In:
Out:
Excelsior.
In:
Out:
Fortuna Sittard.
In:
Out:
Go Ahead Eagles.
In:
Out:
HFC Haarlem.
In:
Out:
Helmond Sport.
In:
Out:
MVV.
In:
Out:
FC Omniworld.
In:
Out:
RBC Roosendaal.
In:
Out:
RKC Waalwijk.
In:
Out:
Telstar.
In:
Out:
TOP Oss.
In:
Out:
BV Veendam.
In:
Out:
VVV-Venlo.
In:
Out:
FC Zwolle.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="19372720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372720" title="Yogi Bear's All Star Comedy Christmas Caper">
Yogi Bear's All Star Comedy Christmas Caper

"Yogi Bear's All Star Comedy Christmas Caper" is an animated television special starring Yogi Bear and company. It is the third and final Yogi Bear Christmas special. Produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions, it was first aired on on CBS.
Plot.
When Huckleberry Hound and his friends Hokey Wolf, Snagglepuss, Quick Draw McGraw, Augie Doggie and Doggie Daddy, and Snooper and Blabber visit Jellystone Park for Christmas, they discover Yogi Bear and Boo Boo have escaped from Jellystone and hidden out in a department store, where Yogi is posing as a Santa Claus. Along the way, he helps a little girl named Judy Jones rediscover her faith in Christmas when her father, a billionaire named J. Wellington Jones, is too busy for her. Yogi says that many parents have to work hard to support their kids, and since her father is not home, Yogi and Boo Boo propose escorting Judy through the city to bring her to her dad.
Ranger Smith and the others look for Yogi when they learn he and Boo Boo are in the city. Yogi reunites with his friends, who help to look for Judy's father. In his search, Snagglepuss encounters Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble as Street Santas, who tell him to ask a passing lady his question. When the old lady screams in fear of Snagglepuss, Fred and Barney attack him, claiming it to be an entertainment purpose. Snooper and Blabber go to the police. Quick Draw has no luck, as Mr. Jinks hasn't seen Mr. Jones; Pixie and Dixie leave a present for Mr. Jinks (which contains a bulldog). Magilla Gorilla, Wally Gator, and Yakky Doodle haven't seen Mr. Jones either, and since Yogi hasn't had any luck locating her dad's office, they take Judy to Jellystone to try to figure out a plan there.
At Judy's home, J. Wellington Jones is troubled when his daughter isn't there, so he calls the police to help find her. Also working with the police is Ranger Smith, who is looking for Yogi and Boo Boo. The police are at the department store where Judy was last seen, and interrogate all the men who work as Santas. When they realize Judy went off with a Santa who wasn't a department store employee, they assume she was kidnapped. This accusation concerns Ranger Smith (despite having past problems with Yogi's antics, he can't believe Yogi would commit such a grave act). At the park, Yogi and his friends celebrate Christmas when the police arrive with Mr. Jones, accusing Yogi Bear of kidnapping his daughter. After interrogating Yogi about why he ran off with Judy, Mr. Jones realizes he's never home to spend time with Judy and orders the police to let Yogi go, claiming he is the guilty one. The special then ends with everyone singing Christmas carols in the park.
Home Release availability.
On , "Yogi Bear's All Star Comedy Christmas Caper" was released on VHS in the United States. A DVD version of the special, from the Hanna-Barbera Classics Collection, was released on December 7th, 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="19372748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372748" title="Regal Lager, Inc.">
Regal Lager, Inc.

Regal Lager, Inc. is a distributor of baby and children's products to both the United States and Canada, and is located in Kennesaw, Georgia. Regal Lager, Inc. works with companies outside the United States, and is known in the baby industry as a push-distributor as they not only provide distribution for their products, but marketing and advertising as well. They are best known for establishing the Baby Björn baby carrier brand in the United States throughout the 1990s. The company won The Swedish Trade Council's annual achievement award for "Superb Consumer Market Adaptability in North America" in 2001. Today Regal Lager, Inc. is currently responsible for the distribution of the Bambino Mio, Cybex, Dekor, Lascal, and My Carry Potty brands.
History.
Regal Lager began as a small, family owned business started by husband and wife team of Bengt Lager and Luanne Whiting-Lager in the basement of their Georgia home in 1991.
The idea of starting a business in the juvenile products industry began when the Lagers had their first child in Sweden. Based on the positive feedback they received from friends and family members in the United States, they decided to bring their well-designed baby products from Sweden to the United States.
Upon the birth of their second daughter three years later, they moved forward by researching business trends in the United States and as a result, they decided to start a mail order catalog business in the United States to sell Swedish products. However, after much consideration and advice from industry leaders, the two decided to take on the role as distributor. 
One of Regal Lager’s first manufacturers was the Swedish brand: Baby Björn; which they worked to build it to the popularity it enjoys in the United States.
The small family business grew to a large family business now with an warehouse in Kennesaw, GA, 16 full-time employees, and six international brands.

</doc>
<doc id="19372751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372751" title="Juan Fageda">
Juan Fageda

Joan Fageda Aubert (Olot, Catalonia, Spain, 20 January 1937) is a Spanish politician based in Mallorca in the People's Party. He was the mayor of Palma de Mallorca from 1991 to 2003.
He is now a senator in the Spanish senate.

</doc>
<doc id="19372781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372781" title="Hartlepool College of Further Education">
Hartlepool College of Further Education

Hartlepool College of Further Education is a non-denominational mixed further education college based in Hartlepool, United Kingdom, providing courses to students aged 16 and over. The College has existed in several forms since 1897, but occupied its now familiar location on Stockton Street in the early 1960s. In 2006 plans were made to replace the College building with a modern, purpose built campus with dedicated specialist areas in Engineering, Aerospace, Automotive, Environmental Technologies, Construction, Hospitality and Catering, Health and Beauty, Sport and many others. The new building was constructed between 2009 and 2011 at a cost of £53 million, with final groundswork completed in summer 2012. The College was officially opened by HRH the Duke of York in February 2012. Its Skills Academy was opened by the Rt. Hon. The Lord Mandelson in October 2011.
Resources to be found in the new College include an aircraft hangar containing two ex-RAF Jet Provost T5s, a Westland Gazelle Helicopter and a Rolls-Royce airliner engine, an 800m square open-air "Learning Terrace" for environmental technologies, a dedicated Sixth Form Centre, a sports science laboratory and CryoSpa, a large conference centre, a restaurant (The Flagship) and the Luminary Suite, a centre containing health, hair and beauty salons and a fully equipped fitness suite. Many of the College's facilities are available commercially to the public, and open extended hours and weekends.
The College is the largest provider of apprenticeships in the Tees Valley, and has contact with over 2,000 businesses and employers. Its employer engagement is rated "Outstanding" by OfSTED.

</doc>
