<doc id="19182611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182611" title="Paul Kelly discography">
Paul Kelly discography

The discography of Paul Kelly, an Australian rock artist, includes solo releases, those from various bands that Paul Kelly has led, and material from the related projects Professor Ratbaggy and Stardust Five which contain the same personnel as his bands. Paul Kelly, under various guises, has released nineteen studio albums, fifty-three singles, forty-two music videos, and contributed to ten film / television soundtracks and scores.
In August 1978, Paul Kelly and the Dots was formed from the remains of Melbourne band High Rise Bombers. In 1979 they released their debut single, "Recognition", on Mushroom Records and followed with other singles in 1980 including "Billy Baxter" in October, which peaked at No. 38 on the National singles charts. Their debut album "Talk" followed in March 1981, which peaked at No. 44 on the National albums charts. Their single "Alive and Well", from the second album, "Manila", had a video clip directed by Jack Egan in July 1982. After the Dots folded in late 1982, Kelly was without a recording contract. The Paul Kelly Band was formed in 1983, however by late 1984, Kelly had disbanded this group. His next solo release was the single "From St Kilda to Kings Cross" in April 1985, with the associated album "Post".
By mid-1985 Kelly had formed Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls and their first single was "Before Too Long" in June 1986, which peaked at No. 15 and was followed by a double LP "Gossip" in September, which peaked at No. 15. "Gossip" was trimmed back to a single LP for its 1987 international release on A&M Records under the name Paul Kelly and the Messengers. Australian releases still used Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls. "To Her Door" was released in September 1987 and peaked at No. 14 on the Australian singles charts. Another single from this album, "Dumb Things" was released in 1988 in Australia, and the US. By 1989's "So Much Water So Close to Home" album they were known as Paul Kelly and the Messengers in all markets, the album peaked at No. 10 with the next album "Comedy" from 1991 peaking at No. 12, but despite this success Paul Kelly and the Messengers disbanded in August 1991 with "Hidden Things" released in May 1992. Kelly was already touring as a solo artist and recorded "Live, May 1992", he subsequently recorded further material under his own name, as the Paul Kelly Band, Paul Kelly and the Boon Companions, and Paul Kelly and the Stormwater Boys.
In 1999, Kelly left Mushroom Records and signed with EMI Music to release "Smoke" by Paul Kelly with Uncle Bill, which is a bluegrass band; released at the same time was "Professor Ratbaggy" by Professor Ratbaggy, a dub reggae group formed by Kelly with members of the Paul Kelly Band. Kelly toured with both Uncle Bill and Professor Ratbaggy. In a similar way Paul Kelly and the Boon Companions released "Ways & Means" in 2004 and became Stardust Five to release "Stardust Five" in 2006. In 2004, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation television series "Fireflies" featured a score by Kelly and Stephen Rae, the associated soundtrack CD "Fireflies: Songs of Paul Kelly" included tracks by Kelly, Paul Kelly and the Boon Companions, Professor Ratbaggy, Paul Kelly with Uncle Bill, and "Los Cucumbros" by the Boon Companions featuring Sian Prior, which was later a track on "Stardust Five". "Stolen Apples" from 2007 was credited to Paul Kelly and followed by the live DVD "Live Apples" in April 2008 credited to Paul Kelly and the Boon Companions.

</doc>
<doc id="19182614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182614" title="Burnham Double Star Catalogue">
Burnham Double Star Catalogue

The Burnham Double Star Catalogue (BDS) is a catalogue of double stars within 121° of the celestial North Pole. It was published in two parts by the Carnegie Institution of Washington in 1906, under the title "A General Catalogue of Double Stars Within 121° of the North Pole". The first part gives coordinates, designations, and magnitudes for 13,665 pairs of double stars, comprising almost all double stars discovered before 1906. The second part contains measures, notes, and references to publications for each pair. Its publication was a stimulus to double star observation.
The BDS was compiled by Sherburne Wesley Burnham, who worked on it sporadically for 36 years, starting in 1870. He first submitted it to the Smithsonian Institution, but it was rejected. In 1874, it was scheduled to be printed at the United States Naval Observatory, but the typesetting was interrupted midway and the type destroyed. In 1886 the Smithsonian changed its mind and offered to publish it, but Burnham had become discouraged and did not accept the offer. Burnham worked at Lick Observatory for four years starting in 1888. After leaving in 1892, he revised the manuscript of his catalog for five years; the Carnegie Institute published it nine years later.
By the time Burnham retired from Yerkes Observatory, he had accumulated material for a revision of his catalogue. This eventually formed part of the 1932 Aitken Double Star Catalogue (ADS), the successor to the BDS.

</doc>
<doc id="19182620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182620" title="Nanako">
Nanako

Possible writings.
Nanako can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19182663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182663" title="Marc Caussidière">
Marc Caussidière

Marc Caussidière (18 May 1808 – 27 January 1861) was a significant personality of the French republican movement of the first half of the nineteenth century.
Biography.
Caussidière was born in Geneva. Employed at Saint-Étienne, he took part in the Lyon insurgency of 1834 (in which his brother died). He was sentenced to 20 years in detention but he was pardoned in 1837. Afterward he became a broker and also distributed wines during his travels with the progressive newspaper La Réforme.
During the French revolution of 1848, he fought on the barricades, seized the police headquarters and was appointed prefect of police by the provisional government. He replaced city sergeants with the guardians of Paris and created the body of the "Guard of the People", composed of all revolutionary elements recently released. The guard consisted of four companies (La Montagnarde, Saint-Just, February and Morisset). Beginning in May 1848, the Commission tried unsuccessfully to eliminate the prefecture of police. After the failure of the invasion of the National Assembly on May 15, 1848, he was dismissed from his position as prefect of police by the executive Commission. He resigned his tenure as deputy to the Constituent Assembly. In the elections of early June he was reelected but after the failure of the June Days Uprising, he was forced to flee and took refuge in England and the USA where he resumed his activities as a wine broker. Sentenced in absentia to deportation by the High Court of Justice Bourges for his participation in the demonstration on 15 May 1848, he returned to France after the amnesty of 1859. 
He wrote "Memoirs". He died, aged 52, in Paris.
See also.
French demonstration of 15 May 1848
References.
Sources.
http://books.google.com/books?id=rSsEAAAAQAAJ
http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caussidi%C3%A8re

</doc>
<doc id="19182670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182670" title="1974–75 Vancouver Canucks season">
1974–75 Vancouver Canucks season

The 1974–75 Vancouver Canucks season was the team's 5th in the NHL. With a realignment of the teams in the NHL, the Canucks left the East Division and joined the newly formed Smythe Division. The Canucks won their first division title under this new alignment, and as a result reached the playoffs for the first time. The Canucks earned a first round bye and played in the quarter-finals against the Montreal Canadiens; the Canucks lost 4 games to 1.
This season also marked the first, and as of 2010, the only season in which the Canucks played without a team captain.
Draft picks.
Vancouver's picks at the 1974 NHL Amateur Draft. The draft was held at the NHL Office in Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="19182672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182672" title="Frank Walker (Australian author)">
Frank Walker (Australian author)

Frank William Walker (born 5 February 1954) is an Australian journalist and non-fiction writer.
Early life.
Walker is the son of Frank Bartley Walker and attended his father's alma mater, Newington College (1967–1972). He attended the University of Sydney and graduated as Bachelor of Arts majoring in history and political science. Whilst at university he was a resident at St Andrews College.
Journalism.
Walker worked as a journalist for 35 years, most recently as chief reporter for The Sun-Herald covering defence, veterans affairs, national security and terrorism. He worked on The Sydney Morning Herald, The National Times, for News Limited in New York and Deutsche Welle international radio in Germany. In 1979 he worked for News Ltd in New York. From 1980 to 1984 he worked for Deutsche Welle in Cologne, Germany. From 1990 to 1993 he was The Sun-Herald correspondent in the USA.He is now a freelance journalist in Sydney and writes for the German newsagency DPA. He writes non-fiction books, mostly on military history. HIs first two books are both on Australian involvement in the Vietnam War.

</doc>
<doc id="19182698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182698" title="Battle of Corbach">
Battle of Corbach

The Battle of Corbach, or Korbach, a Hanseatic town of Waldeck-Frankenberg in northern Hesse, Germany, was fought on 10 July 1760 during the Seven Years' War. Corbach was the first battle of the campaign of 1760 and was a victory for the French over the Hanoverians, the British and their allies.
Preliminary maneuvers.
The town of Corbach is sited on the heights of Corbach that rise to some 400 meters above the surrounding plain and extend about one mile east of Corbach to the woods of Berndorf, while several roads intersect at the town itself. Numerous large forces from both sides were concentrating in this area. The main French force under Victor-François, 2nd duc de Broglie marshal of France was about 18 miles to the south at Frankenburg while the main allied force under Ferdinand, Duke of Brunswick was at Sachsenhausen 6 miles to the east. De Broglie had been ordered to advance on Hanover north through Hesse and the French at Corbach were only 25 miles west of Cassel the capital of Hesse.
Corbach itself had been previously seized on 9 July by General Nicolas Luckner, the Hanoverian light cavalry commander, but his small force of 4 squadrons and a battalion of Hessian Jägers was driven off very early on the 10th by the vanguard of St. Germain. Ferdinand sent Karl Wilhelm Ferdinand, the Hereditary Prince, the Erbprinz of Brunswick, with a mixed force of British, Hanoverians, Hessians and others with the intent to retake Corbach, defeat St. Germain's corps and prevent the junction of two French armies at that point. Leaving Lord Granby in command at Sachsenhausen, Ferdinand marched with a large force to Wildungen. The Erbprinz marched from Sachsenhausen and arrived before the heights of Corbach by 9 in the morning.
The British portion under the command of Major General Griffin of the allied force is stated to be at least four battalions of foot; including: Hodgson's 5th, Cornwallis' 24th, Carr's 50th, Brudenell's 51st; five squadron's of horse including three of Bland's Dragoons and 2 of Howard's; and a brigade of 18 pieces of artillery under Captain Charlton. The balance of the allied force was some nineteen battalions of Hanoverian, Hessian and Brunswick foot and fourteen squadrons of cavalry. Additionally, Luckner was still in the vicinity.
Saint Germain's command was, initially, the two brigades of de la Tour-du-Pin and la Couronne followed by the brigades Royal-Suédois and de Castella (3 Swiss regiments) reinforced later by Navarre and du Roi and is stated to be various sizes from a low of 10 battalions and fifteen squadrons, perhaps 7,000 to as many as 10,000 in six brigades and 17 squadrons.
The battle.
St. Germain deployed four infantry battalions in the town of Corbach. The rest of his corps, infantry artillery and cavalry, were drawn up on Corbach heights extending east and somewhat north to the woods of Berndorf in which he deployed some light troops. The Hereditary Prince deployed his corps and attacked immediately, however, the French deployment obliged him to leave his left rear open to an advance by any French reinforcement sent north on the road from Frankenberg to Corbach.
The battle began with the allies' arrival at 9 A.M., opening with some Hussar light cavalry skirmishing from both sides. A heated cannonade lasted throughout the day along with brisk infantry fire with the French standing firm. The fight became particularly intense in the center in a hollow way, between two woods on the hill between Corbach and Berndorf Wood where the French put the German allied contingent into some difficulty. According to an official report from Granby to Ligonier, the arrival of French troops from Frankenberg on the allied rear decided the Prince on a withdrawal.
During the withdrawal confusion broke out in the allied German infantry and cavalry ranks the French redoubled their artillery fire and charged with a large body of cavalry. The allied retreat began around 3 in the afternoon in some disorder. Two of British cavalry squadrons of the 1st King's Regiment of Dragoon Guards and the 2nd Queen's Regiment of Dragoon Guards led by the Erbprinz charged and are credited with saving nearly the entire force, with the 1st KDG losing 47 killed. The two British cavalry regiments and two British infantry regiments, the 50th and 51st, covered the allies' retreat but could not prevent the loss of the right flank Royal Artillery Brigade and 18 guns to the French.
Aftermath.
The battle of Corbach was the first battle of the campaign of 1760. The French success at Corbach combined with De Broglie's taking the initiative early in the season did much to enable them to continue their advance and maintain the gains they made by maneuver in Germany despite several subsequent battlefield defeats at the hands of the Hereditary Prince and Ferdinand in the battles of Emsdorf and Warburg. With the French marginal victory at the Kloster Kampen later in October any hope the British had of ending the war on favorable terms in 1760 evaporated despite their successes in America.

</doc>
<doc id="19182705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182705" title="Ketoprak (disambiguation)">
Ketoprak (disambiguation)

Ketoprak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19182722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182722" title="Enlarged City School District of Middletown">
Enlarged City School District of Middletown

The Enlarged City School District of Middletown serves the City of Middletown, Orange County, New York, and adjacent areas.
It operates seven schools:

</doc>
<doc id="19182744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182744" title="Expleuracanthus">
Expleuracanthus

Expleuracanthus is a genus of xenacanthidan shark. Its horn was probably used for protection against predators.

</doc>
<doc id="19182748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182748" title="Malcolm Brown">
Malcolm Brown

Malcolm Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19182761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182761" title="Karpinskiosaurus">
Karpinskiosaurus

Karpinskiosaurus is an extinct genus of Reptiliomorpha. includes two species: "Karpinskiosaurus secundus" and "Karpinskiosaurus ultimus". "Karpinskiosaurus secundus" is represented by two specimens with skull lengths of about 75 mm. All specimens of "K. ultimus" are smaller than those of "K. secundus". Total length of the reptiliomorph was about 50-75 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="19182774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182774" title="Bike, Ethiopia">
Bike, Ethiopia

Bike is a town in central Ethiopia. Located in the Shinile Zone of the Somali Region. This town served by a station on the Addis Ababa - Djibouti Railway.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Bike has an estimated total population of 9,197, of whom 4,789 are men and 4,408 are women. The 1997 census reported this town had a total population of 6,168 of whom 3,163 were men and 3,005 women. The three largest ethnic groups reported in this town were the Somali (81.74%), the Oromo (14.72%), and the Amhara (2.8%); all other ethnic groups made up the remaining 0.74% of the residents. It is one of three towns in Afdem woreda.

</doc>
<doc id="19182775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182775" title="Enosuchus">
Enosuchus

Enosuchus is an extinct genus of Reptiliomorpha. 

</doc>
<doc id="19182783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182783" title="Leptoropha">
Leptoropha

Leptoropha is an extinct genus of aquatic Reptiliomorpha, found in Russia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19182784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182784" title="Queen Street Arts and Culture District (Niagara Falls, Ontario)">
Queen Street Arts and Culture District (Niagara Falls, Ontario)

The Queen Street Arts and Culture District is the old downtown area of Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada. The street is now populated with art galleries, restaurants, and performing spaces.
Art.
The art galleries feature works from a number of well-known artists, including John Newby. Most of the galleries feature an inviting sitting area from which patrons can view the various pieces in the galleries.
Performance venues.
Live venues such as the new Q Club regularly hold community driven concerts that are open to the public. The once prominent Seneca theater has been rebuilt to its former glory with the help of the Trillium Foundation. The new Seneca theater presents live performances. 
The building that was once known as the Cell Block is being converted into an open concept theater that will host a variety of live performances.
Dining.
There are also a number of restaurants and cafés such as: Paris Crepes Bistro.

</doc>
<doc id="19182787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182787" title="Nina Siciliana">
Nina Siciliana

(La) Nina Siciliana was the composer of one Italian sonnet, and a candidate to be the first Italian woman poet. She only came to light in 1780, along with 74 other poets, in the "Étrennes du Parnasse" (or "Choix de Poësies"). She is now considered legendary by most scholars. 
Adolfo Borgognoni first proposed that Nina was a fictional construct of male poets in 1891 and was soon followed by Giulio Bertoni. Specifically Borgognoni thought she was invented by the successors of printer Filippo Giunti: "essa" "nacque in Firenze, nella officina degli Eredi di Filippo Giunti, l'anno del Signore 1527" ("this one [Nina was born in Florence, in the office of the heirs of Filippo Giunti, the year of the Lord 1527"). The historicity of Nina—and tangentially the sex of the author of the poem traditionally assigned to her—has been debated ever since. Liborio Azzolina tried to resuscitate her and also Compiuta Donzella, whom Borgognoni, with less supporters, also ascribed to later male poets' imaginations. More recently the Italian scholar Lino Pertile has called her "fantomatica" (phantomlike) and Paolo Cherchi dismissed her as "mythical", to be followed by Anne Klinck. 
Francesco Trucchi was the first to assign a poem to Nina: the sonnet "Tapina in me, c'amava uno sparvero" ("Alas for me, I loved a sparrowhawk"), probably composed in the late thirteenth or early fourteenth century. Nina was apparently inspired to write by the poems Dante da Maiano addressed "To his Lady Nina, of Sicily". Francesco de Sanctis, the foremost Italian literary critic of his day, praised "la perfetta semplicità" of Nina and Compiuta. One recent scholar who accepts Nina's existence and derides doubters has noted similarities between Nina and Alamanda de Castelnau. 

</doc>
<doc id="19182794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182794" title="FIBA Under-17 World Championship for Women">
FIBA Under-17 World Championship for Women

The FIBA Under-17 World Championship for Women is an under-17 basketball championship of the International Basketball Federation. The event started in July 2010 and will be held bi-annually.

</doc>
<doc id="19182802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182802" title="FIBA Under-17 World Championship">
FIBA Under-17 World Championship

The FIBA Under-17 World Championship is an under-17 basketball championship of the International Basketball Federation (FIBA). The event was for the first time in July 2010 and is held bi-annually.

</doc>
<doc id="19182806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182806" title="Orobates">
Orobates

Orobates is an extinct genus of diadectid. It lived in the middle Permian, about 260 million years ago. Its remains were found in Germany.
A combination of primitive and derived traits makes "Orobates" the sister group of all Diadectidae, the most primitive known member of the family of generally large bodies herbovorious reptil like amphibians. It appears to have been part of an uppland fauna, browsing on high fibre plants. The trace fossil species "Ichniotherium sphaerodactylum", from Bromacker in Germany has been attributed to "Orobates", showing dragmarks from the tail. The genus was characterized by a long body and tail, with fairly short legs and a short skull compared to the more derived "Diadectes". This indicate "Oreobates" was less specialised for long treks compared to "Diadectes".

</doc>
<doc id="19182808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182808" title="Diasparactus">
Diasparactus

Diasparactus is an extinct genus of diadectid amphibians, a group quite closely related to the amniotes, and paralleling some of their features. Like all advanced diadectids, "Diasparactus" was a herbivore, though not as large as its more well known cousin, the "Diadectes".
In "Diasparactus", the spines of the dorsal vertebrae are higher than in other genera in the family.
"Diasparactus zenos".
In 1910, E. C. Case described "Diasparactus zenos" from a few vertebrae found in New Mexico. In 1911, a largely intact skeleton was found in the same area. The vertebrae agreed with the described type species and the new find was considered likely to be the same species. The total length of the animal when restored was 1.35 metres.
The skull measured 16.7 centimetres. It was in poor condition but was similar to that of "Diadectes lenius" and "Animasatirus carinatus". The nares and orbits were in similar positions and there were fourteen teeth with possibly a rudimentary fifteenth, a dentition typical of the family. The vertebrae, ribs and limbs were described in detail. The carpals were mostly present and still in position, - the best preserved examples for a diadectid then found. The foot was broad and strong with short phalanges. The feet and limbs supported the view that this animal was a marsh-dweller and probably a slow-moving herbivore.

</doc>
<doc id="19182832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182832" title="ClaimID">
ClaimID

ClaimID was a website that allowed users to create unique profiles that showed personal websites, profiles at other sites, and other biographical information. The goal of ClaimID was to help users collect and screen information created about them and by them on the web, to help them manage their online identity.
History.
ClaimID was founded by Terrell Russell and Fred Stutzman. At the time, both were students studying for their doctorates at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's School of Information and Library Science.
There was facility to create OpenID along with creating a new account on ClaimID. By October 2013 this was not working.
As of December 2013, claiming 7 years, 6 months, and 20 days of service, ClaimID shut down the website, including all member pages and authentication services. Users can choose to use another OpenID provider, especially if previously having used authentication delegation. Users can also extract their link collection from an available web cache or web archive.
Importance.
ClaimID is one of the few Web 2.0 sites that provided Online Reputation Management (ORM) services. Other sites providing similar services include Naymz and LinkedIn. ClaimID's listings usually ranked well in search engines. ClaimID gained popularity due to its ORM capabilities.
Both print and digital news outlets, including Businessweek, The San Francisco Chronicle, Reuters, New Scientist and Asian News International, described ClaimID as part of the ORM movement.

</doc>
<doc id="19182843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182843" title="ST Kinetics CPW">
ST Kinetics CPW

The CPW (Compact Personal Weapon) is a multi-caliber submachine gun developed by ST Kinetics of Singapore as a PDW-class firearm. The prototype is chambered in 9x19mm Parabellum but the manufacturer assures that the weapon's modular design allows for a simple caliber conversion to either 5.7x28mm or 4.6x30mm.
Design details.
The CPW is a modular selective fire lever-delayed blowback operated weapon (using what STK calls a cam recoil mitigation mechanism), which contributes to the low felt recoil and allows for use with high pressure ammunition. The weapon has a conventional submachine gun layout with the magazine housed in the pistol grip. The pistol grip's backstrap and the 30-round magazine are molded from a translucent plastic which allows the shooter to quickly verify the remaining level of ammunition visually. The receiver is machined from a lightweight aluminum alloy and most of the other components are made of a high-strength polymer to further reduce weight and costs.
The barrel and bolt assembly can be quickly replaced, converting the submachine gun to the small-caliber armor-piercing PDW ammunition.
The CPW is fully ambidextrous; it can be used with equal ergonomic ease by both right and left-handed shooters. Every single lever, control or toggle has been mirrored on the opposite side of the receiver – this includes the cocking handle, the fire control selector/manual safety switch (installed above the pistol grip) as well as the bolt release lever, which is used to slam the bolt closed after inserting a new magazine. The ejection port is located on the right side of the weapon.
The CPW has a collapsible metal stock that provides stability during aimed fire. When collapsed, the weapon is not much larger than a conventional pistol, allowing for easy handling and concealment; the CPW can be carried in a holster.
Two Picatinny rails are provided in the CPW for mounting sights and tactical accessories – one continuous rail runs across the top of the receiver and a second shorter accessory rail is installed under the barrel, in front of the trigger guard. The top rail can accommodate conventional iron sights or optoelectronic sighting devices such as reflex sights. The bottom rail is intended primarily for laser aiming modules, vertical grips and flashlights.

</doc>
<doc id="19182857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182857" title="Kent Hills Wind Farm">
Kent Hills Wind Farm

Kent Hills Wind Farm is a large wind farm project in Elgin, New Brunswick. The wind farm was completed on December 31, 2008. The farm is the first in New Brunswick. It is owned and operated by TransAlta and the power is purchased by NB Power for supply to consumers.
The farm consists of thirty-two 3 megawatt (MW) wind turbines for a total capacity of 96 MW. The project produces 280,000 megawatt hours per year, enough power for 17,000 homes. The turbines used are Vestas V90-3MW model, which have a rotor diameter of and sit atop an tower.
There are plans to expand the wind farm by adding a further 18 turbines at an undetermined date in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19182887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182887" title="Taillefer Rocks">
Taillefer Rocks

Taillefer Rocks is a group of three small, rugged, granite islands, with a combined area of about 15 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Schouten Island Group, lying close to the eastern coast of Tasmania near the Freycinet Peninsula and lies within the Freycinet National Park.
Flora and fauna.
This is one of the few islands where Oyster Bay Pines occur.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, Fairy Prion and Common Diving-Petrel. Reptiles present include the Metallic Skink, White's Skink, Spotted Skink and Mountain Dragon. Australian Fur Seals haul-out there in small numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="19182894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182894" title="Denckmannites">
Denckmannites

Denckmannites is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Silurian in what is now the Czech Republic. It was described by Wedekind in 1914, and the type species is "Denckmannites volborthi", which was originally described under the genus "Phacops" by Barrande in 1852. It also contains the species "Denckmannites morator", and "Denckmannites primaevus". The type locality was the Kopanina Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19182909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182909" title="Denella">
Denella

Denella is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Canada. It was described by Ludvigsen and Chatterton in 1982, and the type species is "Denella cumera". The type locality was the Whittaker Formation in the Northwest Territories.

</doc>
<doc id="19182917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182917" title="Colac &amp; District Football League">
Colac &amp; District Football League

The Colac & District Football Netball League is based in South west Victoria. Centred around the regional city of Colac, the competition provides a sporting outlet for the young people in the region.
History.
The "Colac & District Football League" was formed in 1937, as a result of a merger of the Colac and District FA (known pre-1936 as the Colac Churches FA) and the Corangamite Farmers FA. It had A Grade and B Grade competitions.
In 1950 there was a mass exodus of clubs fom the CDFL, the cause was that the Colac (Hampden league) team wanted to have the right to pick any player from the Colac DFL without needing a clearance. The result was Colac Imperials and Coragulac opted to leave and join the Polwarth FL and be away from Colac's reach. Beeac went to the Western Plains FL for two years before also joining the Polwarth FL, and Colac Rovers folded. With only Alvie and Warrion remaining in A Grade the surviving B Grade clubs combined into a single local competition along with Carlisle River from the Otway FA.
Over the years, a number of clubs moved between the CDFL and other local leagues, including the Otway Football Association, Polwarth Football League, and the Heytesbury Mt Noorat Football League, all of which are now defunct.
The Polwarth Football League folded after the 1970 season, with Lorne and Apollo Bay joining the CDFL and the other clubs moving to the Bellarine FL.
Otway Districts and Simpson joined the CDFL in 2003, after the Heytesbury Mt Noorat FL folded.
The 1937 Ladder.
Yeodene withdraw at the end of the first round
2008 Ladder.
FINALS
2009 Ladder.
FINALS 
2010 Ladder.
FINALS 
2011 Ladder.
FINALS 
2012 Ladder.
FINALS 
2013 Ladder.
 
FINALS 

</doc>
<doc id="19182923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182923" title="Glenbrook Middle School">
Glenbrook Middle School

Glenbrook Middle School is a middle school located in Longmeadow, Massachusetts. It serves grades 6-8.

</doc>
<doc id="19182948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182948" title="Índice Metropolitano de la Calidad del Aire">
Índice Metropolitano de la Calidad del Aire

IMECA (Índice Metropolitano de la Calidad del Aire) means metropolitan index of air quality in Spanish and is the reference value for the levels of pollution made specifically for the inhabitants of Mexico City so they can know the levels of pollution that are in their place or residency or work. It is a real-time monitoring of the concentrations of several pollutants on the atmosphere of the valley of Mexico.
The IMECA is calculated using the measurements of the quality of the air by SIMAT (Sistema de Monitoreo Atmosférico de la Ciudad de México). The IMECA is used to show the level of pollution and the level of risk that represents to the human health in the greater Mexico City and also the time of the measurements or the actions recommended for protection. The IMECA is calculated using the measurements of average times of the chemicals ozone (O3), sulphur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen dioxide (NO2), carbon monoxide (CO) and particles lower than 10 micrometers (PM10).
The Imeca is published each hour for the population of the Greater Mexico City including all Distrito Federal and some municipios from Estado de México.
Categories.
To report the quality of the air, the index uses 5 categories:

</doc>
<doc id="19182949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182949" title="South Fork John Day River">
South Fork John Day River

The South Fork John Day River is a tributary of the John Day River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It begins in the Malheur National Forest in Harney County about north-northwest of Burns and flows generally north to Dayville, where it meets the main stem of the John Day River. Along the way, the stream passes through the abandoned town of Izee. Black Canyon Wilderness in the Ochoco National Forest lies within the river's drainage basin.
A total of of the river, from the Malheur National Forest boundary to Smoky Creek, are classified "recreational" in the National Wild and Scenic River (NWSR) system and offer opportunities for hiking, swimming, camping, hunting, and fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="19182964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182964" title="Stephen Rae">
Stephen Rae

Stephen Rae may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19182977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19182977" title="Olokun Festival">
Olokun Festival

The Olokun Festival is the name of two annual cultural festivals in Nigeria celebrated by the Edo and the Yoruba. The one in late February (1st 'moon' after the 12th moon) that takes place in Usonigbe, the site of Olokun's original shrine, in Edo State, and another, more modern festival is held in Lagos State in November.
The latter festival, which has been held since 2002, is organized by the Olokun Festival Foundation and has become an important tourist and local attraction. It is led by Otunba Gani Adams, who also leads the Oodua People’s Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="19183000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183000" title="Gordon Landsborough">
Gordon Landsborough

Gordon Holmes Landsborough, (1913–1983), English publisher, author and bookseller, was in the forefront of change in the paperback publishing and bookselling industries in England during the 1950s to 1980s. Considered a “maverick publishing genius”, he was noted for his phenomenal drive and energy, his innovative business ideas and also for his prolific output as an author.
Early life.
Born in 1913 in Huddersfield, Yorkshire, England, Gordon Landsborough left school at 14 to help support his family. In the evenings he went to night classes, eventually becoming a chemist with the research department of ICI. Continuing his studies, he turned to journalism and worked on a number of papers and journals in the north of England. In 1938, he started up ARP News, a magazine promoting air raid precautions to a war-nervous England.
He moved to London in 1939, where, among other business ventures, in 1940 he started "Reveille", which was originally the official newspaper of the Ex-Services' Allied Association.
In 1940 he joined up with the London Scottish Regiment, serving for a time in the deserts of North Africa. His experiences there provide the material for several of his best selling novels.
Post Second World War book publishing and writing.
In 1949, Gordon Landsborough was hired by publishers Hamilton & Co as production editor for their entire range of books. As part of his contract with Hamilton, he negotiated a deal with them to buy one novel a month from him. He soon made sweeping changes to their lists of science fiction, crime, and romance and expanded them to include foreign legion.
By the start of 1951, Hamilton’s science fiction titles were being published every two weeks and eventually evolved into the science fiction magazine, "Authentic Science Fiction". With Landsborough as its first editor, it ran for 85 issues.
Landsborough left Hamilton in mid-1951 to pursue his own career as a writer and publisher. His publishing expertise was much sought after, and he was employed as an advisor to three companies in the paperback publishing industry during the next few years.
His next business venture, in 1953, was an innovation for British publishing: "Weekend Novels". Published every Wednesday, they contained a complete and unabridged best selling novel in a 24-page newspaper format with some advertising and were sold for sixpence through newsagents. In these: "He bought reprint rights in existing printed novels and published them each week in tabloid newspaper format without any form of binding or stapling and with line drawings as illustrations... His venture was under-capitalised and had to close after some twenty or so issues had appeared."
In 1954, after "Weekend Novels" closed, Landsborough returned to Hamilton’s as editor of their Panther Books imprint, which would go on to become one of the leading British paperback publishing houses.
In 1957, Landsborough left Panther Books to start up Four Square Books, backed by Godfrey Phillips, the tobacco company. Michael Geare, who was employed by him in 1957 as sales manager, said of him: "He was a gifted, clever, likeable chap, and really knew everything about book publishing. On one occasion when we were a book short on the list, he took five days off and wrote the book himself - 'Return Via Benghazi' or something. It wasn't half a bad paperback, either."
Landsborough left Four Square Books in the late 1950s to establish, in late 1960, Mayfair Books and also one of England’s first children's paperback companies, Armada Books. The Armada Books list included, somewhat controversially, Enid Blyton, whose books at that time were frowned on by libraries and academics but still sold in their hundreds of thousands. The list also included W.E. John's immensely popular "Biggles" series and stories he wrote for children based on the popular television series "Bonanza". Armada Books were sold to Collins Books in 1963. 
In the early 1960s Landsborough, together with two film-producers, set up a film company to produce a film version of Werfel's novel "The Forty Days of Musa Dagh". An edition of this book had already been published by Mayfair Books, and he approached Werfel's widow for the film rights. The project advanced to the stage of Landsborough writing a film treatment, and it being bought by an Italian film studio, before it was discovered that Metro Goldwyn-Mayer had acquired the film rights in 1932 and still held them.
In 1965 he started up another children’s publishing company, Dragon Books. His list included his own abridgements for children of Edgar Rice Burroughs' "Tarzan" books and PC Wren's "Beau Geste". Dragon Books was later acquired by Granada Publishing Ltd.
In 1950, initially as part of his contract with Hamilton's, Landsborough started writing novels, prolifically producing around 90 books over the next 35 years. In 1953 he told newspapers that in a period of just 3 years from 1950 to 1953 he wrote 51 novels (at least 49 of which were accepted) at a rate of a million words a year. Like many well-known authors during those economically tough post war years, he wrote genre novels under pseudonyms for the rapidly growing paperback market, to augment his income. Most of these were westerns and crime novels, “mass produced” using a tape recorder at a rate of about one a month. 
He wrote 13 books under his own name, including, in 1956, the best selling "Tobruk Commando". Also in 1956 were published "The Battle of the River Plate" (with sales revenue going to the survivors’ fund), the book of the film "Storm Center", starring Bette Davis, and the book of the film "The Bold and the Brave", starring Mickey Rooney. In the 1970s he continued to write, producing another five books including the popular "Glasshouse Gang" series.
A short story, "Something in the Air", one of two commissioned in 1970 by Philip Harbottle, editor of the short-lived science fiction magazine, "Vision of Tomorrow", was published in "Fantasy Adventures No 4", edited by Philip Harbottle.
A number of his early westerns, written under pseudonyms, have been republished since 2003 by Robert Hale Publishing.
Magazine publishing and remainder bookselling in the 1970s and 1980s.
In 1971-73 he worked on freelance publishing ventures involving tourism and travel in Hong Kong and Australia, including the establishment of "LookEast" magazine. During his time in Australia he researched and wrote a book (as yet unpublished) about a distant relative, explorer William Landsborough.
In 1973 he returned to England and turned his hand to book selling, opening up a remainder book selling business, "Bargain Books". This mushroomed into a highly successful business, with four stores.
Gordon Landsborough died in 1983, aged 70. He had five children by his marriage to Louvain (Peggy) Hussey: Drew, Stuart (proprietor of Puzzling World in Wanaka, New Zealand), Diana, Bonny and Euan.

</doc>
<doc id="19183019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183019" title="Ivonne Orsini">
Ivonne Orsini

Ivonne Marie Orsini López (born April 6, 1988 at Bayamón) is a Puerto Rican actress, model and TV personality. Her career began in the pageantry industry, but she has moved into other media.
Pageantry.
Miss World Puerto Rico 2008.
Orsini competed in Miss World Puerto Rico 2008, representing San Juan municipality, where she won.
Miss World 2008.
She represented Puerto Rico in Miss World 2008, held in South Africa on December 13, 2008, in which she placed as one of the top fifteen semi-finalists. Prior to the main event, Orsini placed in two of the fast track competitions: among the top ten finalists in the "Beach Beauty" competition and among the top 32 finalists in the "Top Model" competition.
TV Roles.
Her first major TV appearance was the Spanish reality show Supervivientes.

</doc>
<doc id="19183189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183189" title="NASA Mini-Sniffer">
NASA Mini-Sniffer

The NASA Mini-Sniffers were a series of unmanned aerial vehicles designed to sample the air at high altitude to support various scientific studies.
History.
In the early 1970s, NASA engineer Dale Reed was investigating methods for sampling the atmosphere at very high altitudes, up to 21 kilometers (70,000 feet). NASA's studies into supersonic transport jets had led to questions about their possible impact on the upper atmosphere, and Reed designed a series of "Mini-Sniffer" drones to take air samples at high altitudes. Three Mini-Sniffers were built by NASA Dryden Flight Research Center, and were flown from 1975 through 1982. 
The aircraft.
Mini-Sniffer I.
The initial "Mini-Sniffer I" had a wingspan of 5.5 meters (18 feet), tailfins on the wingtips, and canards on the nose. It used a gasoline-powered piston engine and performed a dozen low-altitude flights to validate the design.
Mini-Sniffer II.
The Mini-Sniffer I was then modified into the "Mini-Sniffer II" by removing the canards and the wingtip tailfins, then adding tail booms and extending the wings, giving it a wingspan of 6.7 meters (22 feet). It was still powered by a gasoline engine, and made 21 flights to a maximum altitude of 6,100 meters (20,000 feet).
To get to much higher altitudes, Reed planned to use an unusual engine that burned hydrazine. A normal internal combustion engine burns gasoline with air to generate power, but at 21 kilometers the air is too thin to keep it running. Instead of gasoline, Reed planned to use hydrazine, or (NH2)2, which breaks down spontaneously when run across a catalyst, generating heat to produce steam to drive the engine. Hydrazine is corrosive, toxic, unstable stuff, but its ability to "burn" without oxygen makes it useful for spacecraft thrusters and for such high-altitude engine applications.
Mini-Sniffer III.
"Mini-Sniffer III" was a new 
build aircraft, similar to Mini-Sniffer II but with a longer fuselage and the hydrazine engine. It was designed to carry an 11.3 kilogram (25 pound) payload to 70,000 feet or higher. However, the Mini-Sniffer III only made a single flight to 6,100 meters (20,000 feet), and was not flown again because fuel leaks made it hazardous to handle. NASA lost interest in the idea, and the concept of a high-altitude UAV was abandoned until later when the NASA ERAST Program resurrected the idea.
References.
"This article contains material that originally came from the web article "Unmanned Aerial Vehicles" by Greg Goebel, which exists in the Public Domain."

</doc>
<doc id="19183191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183191" title="Ile des Phoques">
Ile des Phoques

Ile des Phoques is a rugged granite island, with an area of 8 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Schouten Island Group, lying close to the eastern coast of Tasmania near the Freycinet Peninsula. It is a nature reserve.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, Fairy Prion and Common Diving-Petrel. White-bellied Sea-Eagles have nested on the island. Australian Fur Seals haul-out there and there is historical evidence that it was once a major breeding colony.

</doc>
<doc id="19183202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183202" title="Gadzhyly">
Gadzhyly

Gadzhyly or Gadzhily may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19183208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183208" title="Alan Best (filmmaker)">
Alan Best (filmmaker)

Alan Best (born 2 May 1959 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a Canadian animation director and producer.
Early life.
He was educated at St. George's School (Vancouver) and trained at the Paris atelier of French poster artist Paul Colin.
He was production trainee on "Cet obscur objet du désir", the final film of Spanish-born director Luis Buñuel.
Career.
He began his career as an assistant animator working for Hanna-Barbera studios.
He worked on the animated features, "Heavy Metal" (1981), "Pink Floyd The Wall" (1982), and at the studios of Halas and Batchelor, Bob Godfrey, TVC, Bill Melendez, and Richard Williams. 
He directed the first all-animated music video, "(How to Be a) Millionaire" for the British pop band ABC and the first CGI-animated television series, "ReBoot".
He was supervising director of the ABC Family sci-fi series "Galidor".
In 2005, he redesigned Victor, the "Just for Laughs" festival mascot.
Personal life.
He is married to British-born writer Katrina Best (née Barton) with whom he has a son and daughter.
He is the nephew of Bloomsbury Group sculptor/natural historian Alan Best and great-great nephew of British printmaker Frank Morley-Fletcher. 
He is a cousin of British portrait painter Glyn Philpot, actors Ronald Colman, Pamela Brown (actress) and British diplomat David Gore-Booth.

</doc>
<doc id="19183209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183209" title="Hillblazers">
Hillblazers

Hillblazers is the Youth Movement behind Sen. Hillary Clinton's past and future campaigns. Hillblazers is intended to serve nationwide as a young and first time voters activist platform supporting Hillary Clinton.
Origins.
Hillblazers was unveiled during the time of Sen. Hillary Clinton's race in the 2008 Historic US Presidential Election at Wellesley College, during one of her first US Presidential Campaign stops. Hillblazers originated in New York, New York originally to promote and support Sen. Hillary Clinton's campaign, then evolved nationwide into a social networking program that is now aimed at hosting fundraisers, and other Democratic social activities. 
Activities.
Hillblazers is a platform for Democratic voters to demonstrate and unite with other Hillary Clinton supporters to young Democrats nationwide. Hillblazers was then inducted to major to minor schools all across America to generate and promote Hillary Clinton Campaigning, and a chance to let the youth get heavily involved in the 2008 Presidential Election. Hillblazers was directed and looked after by Chelsea Clinton, and actresses America Ferrera and Amber Tamblyn. 
Hillblazers was supported by student leaders all across America from schools to colleges; 352 alone in New Hampshire to hundreds more at schools like University of California, Penn-State, Notre-Dame, to Kentucky Supporting Sen. Hillary Clinton's past and future campaigns from donating, funding to phone-banking and other youth Democratic activities. All the schools involved with Hillblazers united to assist and generate the youth and young voters to the platform from Penn-State generating out the media essence of Hillblazers by promoting and featuring such media outlets such as SplashCast's website designed 'HillarySpeaksForMe.com' and the short Hillblazers feature produced by Clinton advocate; Lucas Baiano, to Wellesley College heavily looking after the main recruiting of the Hillblazers Platform for young Democratic social activities to a wide range of fundraising.

</doc>
<doc id="19183210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183210" title="We the Living (band)">
We the Living (band)

We the Living was a United States alternative rock group composed of singer, songwriter and guitarist John Paul Roney, electric guitarist Matthew Holmen, and drummer Benjamin Schaefer. Their sound draws on several musical genres, including pop, indie rock, melodic rock, and alternative to which the band refers to as melody-driven, British influenced pop-rock. Since forming in Baraboo, Wisconsin, We the Living was last based in Nashville.
History.
End of The Profits, Beginning of We the Living.
We the Living began in April 2007 in Madison, Wisconsin as a project of singer John Paul Roney and drummer Benjamin Schaefer after their band, The Profits, which was renowned within the Wisconsin college music scene, disbanded. Soon after recruiting guitarist Matthew Holmen and bassist Stefan Benkowski, We the Living began to play the same venue circuits that The Profits had formerly commanded. 
However, the music had a very different, more grown-up sound and pulled from new influences such as Coldplay, Mutemath, Radiohead, The Fray, John Mayer, and others of similar genres.
Heights of the Heavens (2007-2008).
The band was first signed to Authentik Artists, a label with a focus on digital marketing and distribution, founded by former Warner/Capitol/Maverick A&R Scott Austin and Legendary Pictures founder Scott Mednick. Under Austin's management the band began work on their debut full-length CD.
We the Living's first album "Heights of the Heavens" was originally released on April 17, 2007. The record was mixed by Mark Needham (Fleetwood Mac, The Killers, Metro Station)and engineered by Shaun Lopez of Far. It received much acclaim for its lyrically deft yet soulful sound and allowed the band to headline 180 acts during the 2007 year. These performances also included performing with Angels and Airwaves, Gym Class Heroes, Dashboard Confessional, Katy Perry, Anberlin, Ludo, We The Kings, Relient K, Jack's Mannequin, Say Anything, Hellogoodbye, Circa Survive, The Academy Is…, The Roots, Blessid Union of Souls, Sherwood, Motion City Soundtrack, and the The Color Fred. During this time the band also headlined major musical festivals around the Midwest.
In 2008 the band re-released a remastered copy of "Heights of the Heavens". The new copy also came in different packaging, which they used to launch the concept of Philo, or each person's own life philosophy, and which reflected the significance this subject has had on the band's success, fans, as well as personal lives.
Depths of the Earth (2008).
After touring in support of "Heights of the Heavens" and fulfilling its contract with Authentik Artists, the band returned to the studio to independently record five songs that weren't ready in time for the wrapping of the first record. Taking the name from the second half of a Sun Tzu quote that "Heights of the Heavens" was obtained from, the band completed and mixed "Depths of the Earth" at Smart Studios in Madison, Wisconsin with Beau Sorensen (Death Cab for Cutie, Tegan and Sara).
Boom Forest and writing the new record (2009).
After signing with Nashville-based legal representation and Red Light Management (Kevin Morris), in the winter of 2009, the band bought a house in Nashville, Tennessee. and recorded a 5 song cover EP called Boom Forest available exclusively to subscribers of the band's mailing list. It features the music of Radiohead, Bon Iver, Jump, Little Children, Biffy Clyro, and The Weakerthans.
Reviews, airplay, and new projects.
On March 25, 2008 We the Living's song “Best Laid Plans” was featured on celebrity blog run by Perez Hilton featured as a band to love. In the blog Perez stated that with the quality of the melody and piano it should be the theme song to the new Beverly Hills, 90210 spin-off. After this posting, the band's music began to reach the ears of many who were not in their touring circuit, which allowed the band to become a featured artist on tastemaker sites such as Purevolume, Myspace, AOL Music, Clearchannel, iMeem, and BeBo. Receiving constant positive reviews from newspapers and other publications such as the arts section of the national satirical syndicate, The Onion and AP Magazine the band's airplay soared. In the fall of 2008, We the Living's "Best Laid Plans" was selected by Levi's brand clothing to be a part of their nation-wide "Unbuttoned" ad campaign. The band has earned spins on over 200 A/C and college radio station as well as prominent placement on MTV, VH1, E!, G4, Oxygen, Discovery, and MTV2. Most recently, the band was featured as a Buzz Band by Seventeen Magazine 
We the Living has performed at the South by Southwest Music festival in Austin, Texas, Cornestone Musical Festival, CMJ, as well as the "World's Largest Music Festival" Summerfest in Milwaukee, Wisconsin which included a headline spot on the Chipotle Rhythm Kitchen Stage. They also spent summer 2008 on the Van's Warped Tour on the Kevin Says Stage.
Disbanding.
In late 2010, We The Living announced on their blog that they were disbanding citing a loss of passion. No future plans to make music together were mentioned.

</doc>
<doc id="19183219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183219" title="Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation Dinner">
Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation Dinner

The Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation Dinner is an annual white tie fundraiser for Catholic charities supporting needy children, held at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York on the third Thursday of October. It is organized by the Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation in honor of former New York Governor Al Smith, the first Catholic presidential candidate; the dinner is hosted by the Archbishop of New York (currently Timothy Cardinal Dolan.)
The first dinner was in 1945, the year after Al Smith's death. It is generally the last event at which the two U.S. presidential candidates share a stage before the election. Apart from presidential candidates, keynote speakers have included Clare Boothe Luce, Bob Hope, Henry Kissinger, Tom Brokaw, Tony Blair, and many other prominent figures in government, business, the media, and entertainment.
History.
Since 1960 (when Richard Nixon and John F. Kennedy were speakers), it has been a stop for the two main presidential candidates during several U.S. election years. In 1976, Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter spoke; in 1980, Carter and Ronald Reagan; in 1988, Michael Dukakis and George H.W. Bush; in 2000, Al Gore and George W. Bush; in 2008, John McCain and Barack Obama; and in 2012, Barack Obama and Mitt Romney. Since 1945, only two presidents have not spoken at the dinner: Harry Truman and Bill Clinton. Candidates have traditionally given humorous speeches poking fun at themselves and their opponents, making the event similar to a roast. The 2008 dinner raised $3.9 million.
Since 1980, this custom has been affected by friction between the Democratic Party and the Catholic Church over abortion. During the 1980 dinner, Democratic incumbent Jimmy Carter was booed. In 1984, Ronald Reagan spoke, but his opponent, Walter Mondale, opted out, saying he needed time to prepare for an upcoming presidential debate. Amy Sullivan suggests that Mondale's decision was motivated by "tensions between the Catholic Church and the Democratic Party." 
In 1996 and 2004, the Archdiocese of New York chose not to invite the presidential candidates. In 1996, this was reportedly because Cardinal John Joseph O'Connor was angry at Democratic nominee Bill Clinton for vetoing a bill outlawing some late-term abortions. The organizers' explanation was that the candidates had been unable to commit to attending the dinner. The vice-presidential candidates spoke instead. In 2004, Archdiocese spokesman Joseph Zwilling explained that the candidates were not invited because "the issues in this year's campaign could provoke division and disagreement," but some speculated that the decision was due to Democratic nominee (and Roman Catholic) John Kerry's pro-choice stance on abortion.
In media.
During the 2000 dinner, George W. Bush joked, "This is an impressive crowd. The haves and the have-mores. Some people call you the elite. I call you my base." The quote was used in "Fahrenheit 9/11" and subsequently in one of John Kerry's 2004 campaign speeches.
The dinner was the subject of an episode of "The West Wing" titled "The Al Smith Dinner."

</doc>
<doc id="19183223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183223" title="Brazil national under-23 football team">
Brazil national under-23 football team

Brazil Olympic football team (also known as Brazil under-23, Brazil U23) represents Brazil in international football competitions in Olympic Games. The selection is limited to players under the age of 23, except three overage players. The team is controlled by the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF). In 12 participations, Brazil won three silver medals (1984, 1988 and 2012) and two bronze medals (1996, 2008).
The Olympic football tournament is the only international competition in football organized by FIFA that Brazil has never won, although they have won three silver medals (1984, 1988 and 2012) and two bronze medals (1996, 2008). The Brazilian Olympic team is often coached by the current national team coach, such as Mário Zagallo in 1996, Dunga in 2008 and Mano Menezes in 2012.
History.
1952–1976 Summer Olympics.
Brazil's first participation in the Olympics was in Helsinki, Finland, in 1952. In that year, Brazil reached the quarter-finals, when they were eliminated by West Germany 4–2. In 1960, in Rome, Italy, in 1964 in Tokyo, Japan, in 1968 in Mexico City, Mexico, and in 1972 in Berlin, West Germany, Brazil was eliminated in the first stage. In Montreal, 1976, Brazil was defeated by Poland 2–0 in the semi-finals, then Brazil was defeated by the Soviet Union 2–0 in the bronze medal natch, finishing in the fourth place. In these six participations, Brazil was represented by a team of junior or non-professional players as the Olympics did not allow professional players to participate during this period.
1984 Summer Olympics – Los Angeles.
Starting in 1984, professional players were allowed to participate. However, European and South American teams were only allowed to include players with no more than five "A" caps at the start of the tournament. Brazil won its first medal in 1984, in Los Angeles, United States. In the group stage, Brazil beat Saudi Arabia 3–1, West Germany 1–0 and Morocco 2–0. In the quarter-finals Brazil defeated Canada in the penalty shootout, then they beat Italy 2–1 after extra-time in the semi-finals, but was beaten by France 2–0 in the gold medal Match, thus winning the silver medal.
1988 Summer Olympics – Seoul.
The second Brazilian silver medal was won in Seoul, South Korea, in 1988. Brazil won the medal after defeating in the group stage Nigeria 4–0, Australia 3–0 and Yugoslavia 2–1. In the quarter-finals Brazil beat their South American rivals Argentina 1–0, then defeated West Germany in the penalty shootout, but was defeated by the Soviet Union 2–1 after extra time in the gold medal match. Romário was the competition's top goal scorer with seven goals.
1996 Summer Olympics – Atlanta.
Starting in 1992, only players under the age of 23 were allowed to participate, with an exception of three overage players in the team. Brazil, managed by senior team coach, Mário Zagallo, won the bronze medal for the first time in 1996, in Atlanta, United States. In the group stage, Brazil was beaten by Japan 1–0 in the first match, then they beat Hungary 3–1 and Nigeria 1–0, finishing in the group's first position. After beating Ghana 4–2 in the quarter-finals, Brazil was defeated by Nigeria 4–3 after extra time. In the bronze medal match, Brazil beat Portugal 5–0.
2000 Summer Olympics – Sydney.
Brazil, managed by senior team coach, Vanderlei Luxemburgo, was eliminated in the quarter-finals. In the group stage, Brazil beat by Slovakia 3–1 in the first match, then they were beaten by South Africa 3–1. In the last group match, Brazil beat Japan 1–0 to secure the first position in the group stage. In the quarter-finals, Brazil was beaten by Cameroon 1–2, who later won the gold medal.
2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
In December 2002, CBF appointed Ricardo Gomes as the coach for Brazil Olympic team prepared for the 2004 Olympic Games. Prior to the Olympic qualification tournament, Brazil Olympic team or Brazil U23 was sent to compete at 2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup. Brazil was invited to the tournament and decided to sent their Under-23 team because their senior team was competing at 2003 FIFA Confederations Cup a month earlier. Although Brazil competed as an Under-23 team, all the appearances and goals in this tournament were recognized by FIFA as full international caps. Brazil U-23 team went on to the final and was beaten by Mexico 0–1 after extra time, denying Brazil the chance to be the first guest team to win the tournament. The following year Brazil failed to qualify for the 2004 Olympic Games after losing out to Paraguay and Argentina in the qualifying tournament.
2008 Summer Olympics – Beijing.
Brazil, managed by senior team coach, Dunga, finished in the first position in the group stage, ahead of Belgium, New Zealand, and China, which they beat 1–0, 5–0 and 3–0, respectively. In the second round, Brazil beat Cameroon 2–0 after extra time. Brazil and Argentina met on August 19 in the semi-final game of the competition. The game was marred by numerous fouls and two ejections for Brazil. Argentina won 3–0. In the bronze medal match, Brazil beat Belgium 3–0.
2012 Summer Olympics – London.
Brazil, under coach Mano Menezes, was defeated by Mexico 2–1 in the gold medal match, played on August 11, after beating Egypt, Belarus and New Zealand in the preliminary round, Honduras in the quarter-finals and South Korea in the semi-finals. Before the Games, they beat the Great Britain team 2–0 in a friendly game.
Previous squads.
Current squad.
The following 18 players were called for the friendlies matches and the Olympics. Goalkeeper Rafael Cabral was injured during training and replaced by Neto on July 24. Gabriel takes Neto's place on the bench.
"Caps and goals as of June 9, 2012, including the match against Argentina."
Honours.
"Note: Players marked with an asterisk (*) are the three overage players allowed to augment the under-23 squad."
"Note: The ages listed for the players are their current ages, not their ages during the tournament."

</doc>
<doc id="19183227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183227" title="HLA-Cw7">
HLA-Cw7


</doc>
<doc id="19183228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183228" title="James Alexander Hamilton">
James Alexander Hamilton

James Alexander Hamilton (April 14, 1788 - September 24, 1878) was an American soldier, acting Secretary of State, and the third son of Alexander Hamilton. 
Early life and education.
Hamilton was born in New York City, New York, on April 14, 1788, the third son of American founding father Alexander Hamilton and Elizabeth Schuyler Hamilton.
Hamilton later wrote of his childhood:
When he was sixteen, his father was killed in a duel with Vice President Aaron Burr. Along with his mother and siblings, Hamilton was present in the room, sitting at his father's bedside, when he died just hours after the duel.
Hamilton graduated from Columbia University in 1805 at the age of seventeen. He later studied law, and in 1809, he was admitted to the bar, and practiced law for a year in Waterford, New York.
Later life.
In 1810, Hamilton moved to Hudson, New York, and practiced law there for several years.
During the War of 1812, Hamilton served as a Brigade Major and Inspector in the New York Militia.
In March 1829, Hamilton served as acting Secretary of State to President Andrew Jackson, surrendering the office on the regular appointment of Martin Van Buren. That same year he was appointed U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York.
In 1867 he published a book of memoirs. In the book's preface, he writes that he was "induced to undertake this work by a desire to do justice" to his father "against the aspersions of Mr. Jefferson, and more recently of Martin Van Buren." His father's life and career, friends and rivals, are discussed at length in Hamilton's memoirs.
Marriage and family.
On October 17, 1810, Hamilton married Mary Morris, the daughter of Robert Morris and Frances Ludlum. Mary was the great-granddaughter of Lewis Morris, an early colonial governor of New Jersey,[http://www.iment.com/maida/familytree/morris/descendantsrichardm.htm and the grandniece of Lewis Morris (1726-1798), a signer of the Declaration of Independence.[http://www.iment.com/maida/familytree/morris/descendantsrichardm.htm
Hamilton later recalled their first years of marriage:
Hamilton had five children:
Hamilton built a large home in the Ardsley-on-Hudson section of Irvington, New York, which he named "Nevis" in honor of his father's birthplace in the British West Indies. It was originally "a simple Greek revival building with Doric columns", but in 1889 it was "extensively remodeled" by famed architect Stanford White. In 1934, Mrs. T. Coleman DuPont gave Nevis to Columbia University for the "establishment of a horticultural and landscape architecture center." Today the estate is a physics and biological research facility operated by Columbia University.
Mary (Morris) Hamilton died on May 24, 1869, in New York City, New York. James Alexander Hamilton died nine years later on September 24, 1878, in Irvington, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19183242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183242" title="Johnston Lykins">
Johnston Lykins

Johnston Lykins (April 15, 1800-August 15, 1876) was a prominent figure in the early history of the United States frontier settlement which became Kansas City, Missouri. He was the city's second Mayor.
Biography.
Lykins was born in Franklin County, Virginia. He became involved with the work being performed among the area's American Indian tribes by Isaac McCoy, joining the McCoy mission to the Wea peoples in northern Indiana in 1819. Lykins was hired as a schoolteacher, not a missionary (he had not been baptized into the fold at that time), and he spent more time traveling for supplies and assisting the mission's functions than he did teaching school. He quit several times over the first several years, but kept returning.
In 1820 McCoy moved his mission to Fort Wayne, Indiana, and in 1822 moved again to Michigan Territory, founding the Carey Mission among the Potawatomi people. Lykins was baptized in 1822 and was soon appointed as a missionary by the Baptist Board of Missions for the United States.
Lykins applied himself diligently to his calling, and by 1824 could read religious discourses in the Potawatomi language. He continued in Michigan until 1831, and in 1828 he married Delilah McCoy, Isaac's daughter.
The Indian Removal Act of 1831, which Lykins and McCoy had been essentially advocates of, resulted in many of the mission's constituents moving westward, and in 1831 Lykins went with them, founding a mission in Missouri near the Shawnee reservation. This first move was a prelude to the later 1838 removals, known as the Potawatomi Trail of Death.
The Baptist mission board approved funds for printing religious tracts in native-American languages, so in 1833 Jotham Meeker brought the first printing press to the Shawnee Mission. Books in Shawnee, Potawatomi and other native languages were rapidly produced, to be used in missionary educational programs. Lykins was actively involved and edited the Sinwiowe Kesibwi (Shawnee Sun), a small newspaper published entirely in Shawnee.
In 1843 Lykins founded a mission among the Potawatomi near Topeka, Kansas. In that same year, some of the tribal elders requested that he be named their tribal physician, a government post that provided him with a salary that was necessary to support the mission. His appointment was opposed by the Jesuits and the Potawatomi allied with them, but was granted in 1844. However, in that area quarrels abounded between clergy of the different Christian religions and even clerics of the same faith. Lykins was an enthusiastic participant in these, and made many enemies. This, compounded by their criticism of his lack of medical credentials, led to his dismissal from the government post (Physician to the Potawatomi) in 1851.
In 1848 Lykins began a trade school at the mission, and after three years he had 90 students.
Lykins left the Potawatomi mission soon after losing his medical position, returning to the Shawnee mission until 1855, when it was closed. At that time he moved to Kansas City, to be near his son.
Kansas City activity.
In 1831 Lykins purchased in what would become the initial plat for Kansas City (his property extended south from the Missouri River to Fifth and Broadway). He later expanded his holdings to 12th and Pennsylvania on Quality Hill.
While residing in Kansas City, Lykins functioned as a medical doctor, apparently self-taught. He was also named president of Mechanics Bank.
He married again in 1851. His second wife was Martha A. Livingston, who wrote a manuscript entitled "Recollections of Early Times in Kansas City" which is now in the collection of the Jackson County Historical Society.
Kansas City after being incorporated in 1853 first elected William Samuel Gregory. Gregory served only 10 months when it was discovered that he was not eligible to be mayor because he did not live within the city limits. Lykins who was first president of the city council became mayor. After completing two months of Gregory's term he was elected to another one-year term.
During the American Civil War he maintained loyal Union ties while his new wife had to move to Clay County, Missouri as a result of General Order No. 11 which required loyalty oaths for those living near the Kansas border south of the Missouri River.
Lykins continued to reside in Kansas City until his death in 1876. He is buried in Union Cemetery, Kansas City, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="19183256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183256" title="The Mr. Holland's Opus Foundation">
The Mr. Holland's Opus Foundation

The Mr. Holland's Opus Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization established in 1996 by Michael Kamen, the composer for the motion picture "Mr. Holland's Opus".
According to the Foundation's website, "MHOF donates musical instruments to music programs where students have access to a music curriculum but lack the resources and support base to adequately keep up with equipment loss due to attrition, depreciation and wear over time. An infusion of instruments and repairs enables more students to participate and experience a quality music education." The stated goal of MHOF is to "help children achieve their greatest potential and to close the gap that exists in underserved communities."
2007 revenue was $2.8 million, of which 12 percent came from corporate donations, 27 percent from other foundations, and 10 percent from individual contributors. In 2007, more than 91 percent ($2.5 million) of MHOF's revenue was used to fund music program expenses. Management and fundraising expenditures totaled 2 percent each.
Charity Navigator rates MHOF four stars.

</doc>
<doc id="19183262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183262" title="John H. Church">
John H. Church

Major General John H. Church (June 28, 1892 – November 3, 1953) was a U.S. Army officer who fought in World War I, World War II and in the Korean War.
Early life.
John Huston Church was born in the town of Glen Iron, Pennsylvania, on June 28, 1892. From 1915 until 1917, he was a student at New York University. When the United States entered the First World War, Church joined the army and was given the commissioned rank of second lieutenant.
Military career.
In France with the 28th Infantry Regiment, 1st Division, American Expeditionary Force, Church fought valiantly and was wounded twice, earning a Distinguished Service Cross for heroism in action at Cantigny. After the war, Church decided to stay in the army. He instructed National Guard members in both Maryland and Arizona, and also served in the Philippines from 1933 to 1936.
World War II.
When World War II broke out, Church became the assistant chief of staff for operations, and then chief of staff of the 45th Infantry Division. Church served with the division from 1943–1944 in Sicily, southern Italy, Anzio, and Operation Dragoon, the invasion of southern France. In September, 1944, having been promoted to brigadier general after being commanding the 157th Infantry Regiment for a time, he was sent to the 84th Infantry Division to be the assistant division commander. Church was wounded again as his division, along with several others, led the way from the Netherlands to the Elbe River towards the end of the war.
A year after the war ended, Brigadier General Church became the commander of the Infantry Replacement Training Center at Fort McClellan, Alabama. He was given the same post at Fort Jackson South Carolina, where he was soon given command of the 5th Infantry Division. From 1948 until 1949 Church served as the deputy chief of army field forces in Fort Monroe, Virginia. In 1950, Church was serving in General Douglas MacArthur's headquarters in Tokyo, Japan.
Korean War.
When the communist North Korean Army invaded South Korea, MacArthur sent Church to lead a survey team of staff officers to work with Ambassador Muccio and the Korean Military Advisory Group (KMAG) and assess what assistance could be provided to the ROK Army. This task resulted in the establishment of GHQ Advance Command and Liaison Group (ADCOM) at Suwon.
The 24th Infantry Division, which was stationed in Japan as part of the U.S. Eighth Army, was the first army unit sent over from Japan under the command of Major General William F. Dean. A reinforced company of the division, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Brad Smith, was sent north from Pusan to try to halt the North Koreans. Meeting with Smith at Taejon, Church informed him "All we need is some men up there who won't run when they see tanks", and instructed Smith to make his stand at Osan. Task Force Smith was without tank support and had faulty communications, and was promptly overrun in its first engagement with the North Koreans. Dean gathered his troops in the city of Taejon and formed a strong defense. After a stubborn fight, the American troops retreated. Dean got separated from his troops and was captured. On July 22, Church, without a command following the dissolution of ADCOM, was given command of the division.
The division was given a two-day period to rest, but then General Walton Walker, the commander of the U.S. Eighth Army, decided that he needed the 24th to guard the Southwest line (the Naktong Bulge) of the Pusan Perimeter. The North Korean 6th Division inflicted more losses on Church's men and gradually pushed the 24th back. Finally, Church by now promoted to major general, was able to regroup his men, and they fought bravely, especially with the help of a marine brigade. Eventually, the 25th turned the tables on the Communist divisions that were fighting them.
Frail and suffering from arthritis, Church remained in command of the 24th until early 1951. Lieutenant General Matthew Ridgway, commander of the U.S. Eighth Army following the death of Walker in December 1950, replaced Church with Brigadier General Blackshear M. Bryan. Church was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal for his services.
Church subsequently was appointed commandant of the Infantry School at Fort Benning, Georgia and served in that capacity until his retirement in June 1952. Major General John H. Church died on 3 November 1953 in Washington, D.C.. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19183279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183279" title="Alan Best (sculptor)">
Alan Best (sculptor)

Alan Best (1910–2001) was a Canadian sculptor and natural historian. He trained at the Académie Julian in Paris, designed for Josiah Wedgwood & Sons and was assistant to British sculptor Eric Kennington. He was assistant zoo curator under Julian Huxley at Regent's Park Zoo, London and curator of Stanley Park Zoo, Vancouver. He is the uncle of Canadian filmmaker Alan Best.

</doc>
<doc id="19183286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183286" title="C.D. Titán">
C.D. Titán

Club Deportivo Titan de Texistepeque is a Salvadoran football club based in Texistepeque, Santa Ana Department, El Salvador.
The club currently participates in the Segunda División de Fútbol Salvadoreño. Their home stadium is Cancha Sandoval.
History.
Founded in 1930, Titán won their first league title on 26 December 2010, with a victory over Juventud Independiente, thanks to a goal from Panamanian striker Víctor Barrera. They won their second title however both time they lost their promotion matches to Juventud Independiente and Santa Tecla F.C.. On 9 July, Titan sent a message on their official page announcing due to financial trouble the club sold their spot in the segunda division to C.D. Sonsonate.
Current squad.
"As of December 6, 2010:"
Notable former players.
El Salvador:
Argentina:
Panama:
Notable former managers.
El Salvador:

</doc>
<doc id="19183306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183306" title="Laurence B. Keiser">
Laurence B. Keiser

Major General Laurence B. "Dutch" Keiser (1895–1969) was an American general who served in World War I, World War II, and the Korean War.
Early life.
Laurence Bolton Keiser was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on June 1, 1895. He graduated from West Point along with J. Lawton Collins, Matthew B. Ridgway, and Mark W. Clark in 1917.
Military career.
Dispatched to France with the American Expeditionary Force during World War I, Keiser was appointed to command of a battalion in the 5th Division. He was awarded the Silver Star for actions on the Western Front.
Keiser had an uneventful peacetime career and he was a colonel when the U.S. went into World War II. He served for a time as VI Corps chief of staff during the Italian campaign, and at the conclusion of World War II, he was a brigadier general and the chief of staff of the Fourth Army, which was based in the continental United States. With his former VI Corps and Fourth Army commander, Major General John P. Lucas, he spent part of the postwar period in China with the United States Military Advisory Group to the Nationalist Chinese Government.
Korea.
In November 1948, Keiser was made assistant divisional commander of the 2nd Infantry Division. In February 1950, his former West Point classmate Joe Collins gave him command of the division, together with a promotion to major general. Following the outbreak of the Korean War, the 2nd Division was the first United States army unit to arrive in Korea from mainland United States. 
From August to September, the division disembarked at Pusan and moved to the Naktong Bulge to assist the 24th Infantry Division, which was then struggling to restore its front line following the crossing of the Naktong River by the North Korean 4th Division. 
When the North Koreans launched the Great Naktong Offensive, four divisions faced the 2nd. Some units of the 2nd Infantry Division did not perform well on first contact with the enemy, and Keiser displayed lack of knowledge of his division's situation when he was confronted by Lieutenant General Walton Walker, the commander of the Eighth Army. Keiser was already considered by some officers to be slightly too old for an outstanding division commander. 
The 2nd Division was involved in the breakout from the Pusan Perimeter, pushing north west towards Kunsan, together with the 25th Infantry Division. The division would advance well into North Korea, close to the border with Manchuria. 
In late November 1950, a large Chinese force crossed over the Yalu River and launched a surprise attack on the United Nations forces in what was to be known as the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River. The 2nd Division had been advancing on the right flank of IX Corps, which was then pushing to the Yalu River, and was positioned north of Kunu-ri, with the 25th Infantry Division on its left flank. In a swift week long attack, the Chinese threatened to envelop the Eighth Army, with the 2nd Division exposed on the right and bearing the brunt of the enveloping movement. The 25th Division was able to withdraw to Anju, but Keiser was unable to obtain permission from Major General John B. Coulter to follow. The 2nd Division was eventually cut off and forced to fight its way through the Chinese to safety at Sunchon. 
Following the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River, during which 2nd Division suffered crippling losses of approximately 4,000 men, Keiser met with Major General Leven C. Allen, the chief of staff of the Eighth Army, in Seoul. He was relieved of his command and replaced with Major General Robert B. McClure, supposedly for medical reasons, although he felt he was being made a scapegoat for the reverses suffered by the United Nations following the Chinese intervention in the war.
Returning to the United States in February, 1951, he assumed command of the 5th Infantry Division at Indiantown Gap Military Reservation (IGMR) an infantry basic training camp in Pennsylvania near Hershey and Harrisburg. Information Office, IGMR, 1951
Later life.
On October 20, 1969, Major General Laurence B. "Dutch" Keiser died in San Francisco, California. He is buried at West Point.

</doc>
<doc id="19183313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183313" title="The Square (1994 film)">
The Square (1994 film)

The Square is a 1994 Chinese documentary film directed by Zhang Yuan. It is Zhang's first true documentary film, after two documentary-influenced fiction films: "Mama" and "Beijing Bastards".
Filmed in black and white, "The Square" documents a day in the life of Tiananmen Square a few years after the events of 1989.
Subject.
The film documents a day in the life of Tiananmen Square in 1994, a mere five years after the crushing of a student-led democracy movement in 1989. The events captured are considered "mundane" but illustrate the level of control exerted over the Square by the authoritarian government. While children play with kites and old men toss frisbees, police and soldiers are also ever-present.
Near the end of the film, PLA soldiers array cannons in preparation for a salute to a visiting head of state. As the guns are fired, Zhang focuses his camera on the reactions of the ordinary citizens. For one critic, the film "seem to suggest the ceaseless and draining effort the government must expend to maintain its awesome facade of monolithic power over its citizens."
Production history.
The concept of a documentary film about Tiananmen Square shortly after the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 began while Zhang Yuan was still a student at the Beijing Film Academy, and while he was producing and filming his debut, "Mama", in the late 1980s. After the protests were crushed, Zhang had opportunities to ride his bicycle around the Square from his apartment in the nearby Xidan neighborhood, noting both the quietness in the years following 1989 and the surplus of both uniformed and plainclothes policemen.
In an interview given several years later, Zhang noted that he saw Tiananmen Square as "one giant stage" which pushed him to "pick up my camera and record some of those more interesting people and attempt to capture the feeling of the square." When he finally followed through on his plan, police would often come up and question his purpose, to which he would reply that he was part of a CCTV film crew.
Zhang filmed the most "mundane" things for a period of twenty-four hours, in the process capturing both ceremony (the flag raising and lowering carried out every day by PLA soldiers) and every-day moments. Indeed the film is devoid of any dialogue, music, or narration outside of incidental moments captured by the "CCTV" camera.
The film itself was made in defiance of government disapproval, as Zhang had recently been blacklisted by the government for his submission of films to international film festivals without permission. Despite this impediment, Zhang's documentary would be screened at the Hawaii International Film Festival, where it would win a Jury Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19183318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183318" title="Gao Ning">
Gao Ning

Gao Ning (; born 11 October 1982 in Hebei, China) is a male Table Tennis player from Singapore. He is considered Singapore's best male player with a world ranking of 19 as of December, 2012. He was first in men's singles at the 2007 Commonwealth Table Tennis Championships.
He won a gold medal as a team member plus silver medals in the men's singles and men's doubles at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi.
Gao Ning cried after his singles match defeat to an opponent in the Beijing 2008 Olympics as no coach was available to guide him during the match. His coach was sick before the match. The scene of him in tears was telecast on local TV, causing the head coach of the Singapore table tennis team to lose his job.
Career records.
Singles (as of July 6, 2013)
Men's Doubles
Mixed Doubles
Team

</doc>
<doc id="19183322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183322" title="Boolarra railway station">
Boolarra railway station

Boolarra is a closed station located in the town of Boolarra, on the Mirboo North railway line railway line in Victoria, Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19183341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183341" title="Air Force Aviation Heritage Foundation">
Air Force Aviation Heritage Foundation

The Air Force Aviation Heritage Foundation Inc. was founded in April 2000.
The Air Force Aviation Heritage Foundation, Inc. is a not for profit, volunteer organization dedicated to preserving and displaying as much as is possible of the important role aviation has played in the history of the United States. The current projects include obtaining and restoring a Boeing C-22B Restoration Program for static display, and future static displays of vintage Air Force airport fire fighting equipment, among others.
The Air Force Aviation Heritage Foundation is supported primarily through the many sponsors which contribute funds and equipment to the organization.
District Of Columbia Air National Guard 201st Airlift Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="19183343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183343" title="Refuge Island (Tasmania)">
Refuge Island (Tasmania)

Refuge Island is a flat granite island, with an area of about 6 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Schouten Island Group, lying close to the eastern coast of Tasmania near the Freycinet Peninsula and is part of the Freycinet National Park.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin and Short-tailed Shearwater. The Spotted Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19183347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183347" title="Alabama (Canadian band)">
Alabama (Canadian band)

Alabama was a Canadian band of the early 1970s. They had two songs that reached the top 100 in the RPM Magazine chart. "Song of Love" reached #26 in June 1973, and "Highway Driving" reached #42 in August. Band members were Buster Fykes, Hector McLean, Rick Knight, and Len Sembaluk.

</doc>
<doc id="19183357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183357" title="John Johnson (Missouri)">
John Johnson (Missouri)

John Johnson (1816-1903) was an architect who designed the original Coates House (which subsequently became the hotel that is on the National Register of Historic Places) and was partially destroyed in 1978 in Kansas City's worst fire that killed 20. He served as the third mayor of Kansas City, Missouri.
Johnson was born in England and moved to New York City in the 1840s and then to Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He moved to Kansas City in 1852 where he platted portions of the soon to be incorporated community of Kansas.
He designed Kansas City's first City Hall at 4th and Main (a two-story brick building that included the police department and jail on the first floor).
Johnson resigned 35 days after being elected Kansas City's third mayor.
He designed the Coates House in 1857. The foundation would be laid but construction would be delayed after the American Civil War.
In 1859 it is believed he moved to Wallula in Leavenworth County, Kansas

</doc>
<doc id="19183359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183359" title="Toronto Awaba Stags FC">
Toronto Awaba Stags FC

Toronto Awaba Stags FC are an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Toronto, Newcastle, Australia. The club are currently playing in the fourth tier of Australian soccer, the Northern New South Wales NEWFM First Division Football League. The team was relegated from the NBN State Football League at the end of the 2010 season.
History.
Originally formed in 1922 by the then Awaba Cricket Club, the football team was playing on a small ground of literally dug out bush. In these times there was no change-room facilities and only local social clubs would come to play such as Barnsley and Teralba. It was now a decision was made to find a new suitable ground for the club. After this move Toronto Awaba was invited into the competition football season, in which it gained a total of 3 points in its first two seasons. However the following season in 1947 the club ran out premiers by a big margin. Although it was not until 1957 in which they were promoted to the State First Division for the first time. There the Stags have stayed tasting some success throughout their time in the State Football League.
Club Colours.
The Toronto Awaba Stags play in a yellow shirt, blue shorts and changed from the traditional yellow socks to blue socks.<br>
The Away jersey is blue shirt, blue shorts and blue socks.
Home Ground.
Toronto Awaba play out of the famous Lyall Peacock Oval, located at the corner of Cook and Thorn streets, Toronto. Lyall Peacock Oval is easily recognisable for its famous grandstand on the half way line of the field.
Recent Seasons.
2012.
The 2012 season was a season with many ups and downs for the Toronto Awaba Stags. Many of these down's reflected in the results. <br> First Grade finished the season in 4th position with a total of 35 points. First grade played in the finals serious for the second consecutive year.<br>
Reserve Grade finished the season in a disappointing 7th position with a total of 17 points.<br>
U/19's finished the season 6th on 22 points.<br>
Under 17's finished the season in 3rd position with a total of 16 points. These
2011.
The 2011 season was Toronto's first endeavor into the NEW FM state league in the past five years. A complete overhaul of the playing and coaching staff enabled a fresh approach to the start of a new season, which included the signing of former Newcastle United and Newcastle Jet Stephen Eagleton as the under 23's coach and squad member of first grade. Only one player remained on the clubs books from the 2010 season. Bailie's preferred 3-5-2 system was used by all three grades (U19's, 23's and First Grade) and provided a better footballing spectacle compared to the last few years. On March 13, 2011 Toronto-Awaba hosted Belmont-Swansea FC in the first round of the 2011 NEW FM season. All three grades won their respected games and gave the club their first "clean sweep" in over seven years, Toronto again would achieve this honor in Round 2 when they produced another clean sweep this time at the expense of cellar dwellers Cessnock City.
Throughout the next few months Toronto had a roller coaster ride in all three grades, with each grade unable to find the required form to challenge eventual first grade and under 19's major and minor premiers Charlestown Blues FC. The under 19's and under 23's both finished in respectable 5th position, this was an enormous feat as both these sides fielded young and in-experienced line-ups. Under Bailie's guidement first grade was able to qualify for the finals series where they finished fourth in the regular standings, resulting in a tough tie with runaway leaders Charlestown where they lost 9-1 on aggregate, Toronto's first finals appearance in over five years.
2010.
The 2010 season was one of the busiest of recent history. The year started with a complete overhaul of committee. The previous committee had left the club completely depleted of money & resources, so the task was huge for the new administration.<br>
With the new committee came a new coach. Originally chosen as Under-23s coach, Lindsay Tapp was promoted to senior coach with Mike Trebilcock. With years of experience as Assistant coach at Highfields Azzuri and in charge of the Edgeworth Eagles Youth Grade, Lindsay had a huge job in front of him to create a squad basically from scratch. Lindsay attracted mainly young players, most notably the future star of tomorrow Josh Small from Broadmeadow Magic/NSWISS. Tapp also brought senior players to the club, most notably Christian Okonkwo (Weston Workers Bears FC), Jason Cowburn (Edgeworth Eagles), Sean Matthews (Heaven) and Scott Baillie (West Sydney Berries).<br>
The team only managed 1 point whilst under Tapp's charge. Tapp was let go and Scott Baillie, former National League player and most recently player/coach of West Sydney Berries, was given charge for the rest of the season and the season after. Scott changed the formation to 3 defenders and more midfielders. 
The Stags finished last on the table, and as relegation had been reintroduced to the format of the competition they were dropped to the NEWFM First Division for 2011. Lake Macquarie Roosters were promoted from NEWFM for their amazing feat of going the whole normal season undefeated and losing only the Grand Final.
2009.
The 2009 competition had a changed format and the previous ten teams have been downgraded to eight. Toronto Awaba was offered a place in this format and is confirmed until the 2011 season. The other seven teams are:<br>
Broadmeadow Magic FC<br>
Valentine Phoenix FC<br>
Edgeworth Eagles FC<br>
Weston Workers Bears FC<br>
West Wallsend FC<br>
Hamilton Olympic Warriors FC<br>
South Cardiff Gunners FC<br>
The two unfortunate clubs not offered a position where:<br>
Highfields Azzurri FC<br>
Lake Macquarie City FC
2008.
The 2008 season was possibly a season to forget for the Toronto Awaba Stags with no grades qualifying for the finals series.<br> First Grade finished the season in 10th position with a total of 13 points. These coming from 3 wins, 4 draws and 11 losses with a goal difference of -24.<br>
Reserve Grade finished the season in 8th position with a total of 19 points. These coming from 5 wins, 4 draws and 9 losses with a goal difference of -20.<br>
Youth Grade finished the season in 10th position with a total of 10 points. These coming from 3 wins, 1 draw and 14 losses with a goal difference of -29.<br>
Under 17's finished the season in 8th position with a total of 18 points. These coming from 5 wins, 3 draws and 10 losses with a goal difference of -28.
2007.
The 2007 season was a season very much the same as 2008 with once again no grades qualifying for the finals series.<br> First Grade finished the season in 8th position with a total of 17 points. These coming from 4 wins, 5 draws and 9 losses with a goal difference of -10.<br>
Reserve Grade finished the season in a dismal 10th position acquiring no points and suffering 18 consecutive defeats with a shocking goal difference of -82.<br>
Youth Grade finished the season in 9th position with a total of 11 points. These coming from 2 wins, 5 draws and 11 losses with a goal difference of -27.
2006.
The 2006 season was once again similar to the 2007 and 2008 season with no grades qualifying for the finals series.<br>
First Grade finished the season in 9th position with a total of 15 points. These coming from 4 wins, 3 draws and 11 losses with a goal difference of -9.<br>
Reserve Grade finished the season in 9th position with a total of 11 points. These coming from 3 wins, 2 draws and 13 losses with a goal difference of -49.<br>
Youth Grade finished the season in 10th position with a total of 6 points. These coming from 1 win 3 draws and 14 losses with a goal difference of -47.
Sponsors.
Toronto Workers Club in the bold type are the major sponsor of the Toronto Awaba Stags FC.
Rivalries.
The Stags have developed strong rivalries with Lake Macquarie City Roosters FC throughout the past due to the close vicinity of the two clubs. These fixtures have turned into gruelling battles for supremacy when on the pitch. <br>
Due to geography they also have a rivalry with Westlakes Wildcats FC and the Morisset Strikers.

</doc>
<doc id="19183365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183365" title="HD 37519">
HD 37519

HD 37519 is variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="19183370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183370" title="Nazırlı">
Nazırlı

Nazırlı (also, Nazirli and Nəzirli) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,611. 

</doc>
<doc id="19183396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183396" title="Margaret Bazley">
Margaret Bazley

Dame Margaret Clara Bazley (born 1938) is a New Zealand public servant.
Career.
Starting as a charge nurse at Tokanui Hospital, Te Awamutu in 1961, rose up the ranks to Director, Department of Health in 1978 and subsequently held a number of senior roles in various parts of the New Zealand civil service.
Awards.
Bazley was made a Dame Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 1999 and was later made an additional member of the Order of New Zealand in 2012.
She is also:

</doc>
<doc id="19183397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183397" title="Nəzirli">
Nəzirli

Nəzirli (also, Nazirli and Nazırlı) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 710. 

</doc>
<doc id="19183398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183398" title="Frank Morley Fletcher">
Frank Morley Fletcher

Frank Morley Fletcher (1866–1950) was a British painter and printmaker known primarily for his role in introducing Japanese colored woodcut printing as an important genre in Western art. 
Frank Fletcher was educated at the University of London followed by work at St John's Wood Art School and in the studio of Hubert Vos. He continued art studies in Paris at the atelier of Fernand Cormon in 1888. There his exposure to the Japanese colour woodblock print led to a career in teaching and development of the subject. A student of his was fellow woodblock print exponent, Allen W. Seaby, and he influenced the woodcut artist Eric Slater.
Fletcher taught in London and Reading schools, and from 1907-23 was director of the Edinburgh College of Art. 
In 1924, Fletcher became school director of the Santa Barbara School of the Arts in California, USA. He resigned as director in the spring of 1930 and eventually moved to Los Angeles where he continued to teach, paint, and exhibit.
In the late 1930s, Fletcher's eyesight began to fail and his output became more sporadic. He moved to Ojai in the early 1940s and he died there on November 2, 1950.
He was a brother of British physiologist Walter Morley Fletcher.

</doc>
<doc id="19183412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183412" title="2009–10 CONCACAF Champions League">
2009–10 CONCACAF Champions League

The 2009–10 CONCACAF Champions League was the second edition of the CONCACAF Champions League under its current format, and overall the 45th edition of the premier football club competition organized by CONCACAF, the regional governing body of North America, Central America, and the Caribbean. The tournament began on July 28, 2009 and ran through April 28, 2010. All four Mexican teams topped their groups and reached the semi-finals, with winning the final against with a 2-2 aggregate score, by the away goals rule. As winners, Pachuca qualified for the 2010 FIFA Club World Cup as the CONCACAF representative.
Qualification.
24 teams participated in the 2009–10 CONCACAF Champions League from the "North American", "Central American", and "Caribbean" zones. Nine of the teams came from North America, twelve from Central America, and three from the Caribbean. However, after problems in the previous year's tournament, CONCACAF decided that teams may be disqualified and replaced if they don't have a stadium for the tournament that CONCACAF deems suitable.
Also, in response to fixture congestion during the previous year's tournament, the Central American representatives that qualify via split seasons will no longer play-off solely to determine which team will gain entry into the Group Stage. In nations that regularly play a playoff to determine a national champion, these will continue as usual. For those that don't, total points over both seasons, followed by other tiebreakers, will determine which team enters the Group Stage without playing extra matches.
Reallocation of bids.
It was announced on May 12, 2009 that Belize had lost their lone qualification to Honduras due to the inability of the Belize federation to meet CONCACAF's minimum requirements in regards to stadium facilities. The spot vacated by Belize was awarded to Honduras, increasing their total to three qualified clubs, due to their association's teams' superior performance in the 2008–09 Champions League.
A second bid was reallocated on June 9 when it was determined that Real Estelí of Nicaragua did not have a suitable venue to host a CONCACAF club match. The Nicaraguan bid was initially intended to be given to a third team from Panama, but Panama only had one stadium pass inspection, which under CONCACAF rules, meant that only two Panamanian clubs could host matches. Thus, the bid was awarded to a third team from Costa Rica, Herediano, the highest non-champion from the combined 2008 Invierno and 2009 Verano seasons. Initially, there was a tie between Costa Rica, El Salvador, and Guatemala, based upon the results of the 2008–09 Champions League, for the reallocated Nicaraguan bid. Therefore, CONCACAF officials drew on results from previous CONCACAF tournaments in order to break the tie, which proved Costa Rica to historically have the strongest representation.
On July 10, 2009 CONCACAF announced that Luís Ángel Firpo of El Salvador was invited to take the place of Chalatenango due to Chalatengo's failure to sign and return the required participation agreement. Firpo was selected as the team with the second-best cumulative record among the runners-up in the El Salvadoran Apertura and Clausura championships.
Teams.
Teams in bold qualify directly for the Group Stage.
1 Columbus Crew were both the 2008 MLS Supporters' Shield and 2008 MLS Cup winner, so Houston Dynamo claimed the second USA berth in the group stage as the 2008 MLS Supporters' Shield runner-up.
2 Berth originally awarded to Nicaragua (Real Estelí), was rescinded after a failed stadium inspection by CONCACAF officials. The berth was awarded to Costa Rica.
3 Berth originally awarded to Belize (Belize Defence Force), but Belize failed the CONCACAF stadium requirements. The berth was awarded to Honduras.
4 Isidro Metapán won both the 2008 Apertura and 2009 Clausura. As a result, the second Salvadoran bid was awarded to the runner-up in the Apertura and Clausura tournaments with the better aggregate rcord, Chalatenango (2008 Apertura runner-up). When Chalatenango failed to file the required participation agreement, the runner-up with the second-best aggregate record was invited.
Format.
There will be a two-legged Preliminary Round for 16 clubs, with the eight winners advancing to the Group Stage. The other eight qualified teams will be seeded directly into the Group Stage. The clubs involved in the Group Stage will be placed into four groups of four with each team playing the others in its group in both home and away matches. The top two teams from each group will advance to the Championship Round, which will consist of two-legged ties. The Final Round, to be held in late April 2010, will also be two-legged. The away goals rule will be used, but will not apply once a tie enters extra time.
Preliminary round.
The draw for the Preliminary Round was held on June 11, 2009, at the CONCACAF headquarters in New York City. The first legs of the Preliminary Round were played the week of July 28, 2009, while the second legs were played the week of August 4, 2009; this is a month earlier than the previous season. The Preliminary Round schedule was announced on June 16, five days after the draw.
Group stage.
The Group Stage was played in 6 rounds during August–October 2009. The rounds were August 18–20, August 25–27, September 15–17, September 22–24, September 29–October 1, and October 20–22.
Championship Round.
The championship round draw was conducted on November 17.
Bracket.
Each of the Championship rounds will be played over two legs.
Quarterfinals.
The first legs of the Quarterfinals were played the week of March 9, 2010, while the second legs were played the week of March 16, 2010.
Semifinals.
The first legs of the Semifinals were played the week of March 30, 2010, while the second legs were played the week of April 6, 2010.
Finals.
The first leg of the Final was played on April 21, 2010, while the second leg was played on April 28, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19183413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183413" title="Stephen Rae (composer)">
Stephen Rae (composer)

Douglas Stephen Rae (born 8 November 1961) is an Australian AFI-award winning composer, musician and actor.
Early life.
Rae was born in Sydney, New South Wales, the second son and third child of Lesley and Tony Rae AM. He attended Trinity Grammar School Preparatory, Strathfield, (1965–1968), Albury Grammar School (1969–1971) and Newington College (1972–1979) all schools where his father was on staff, the later two as Headmaster. He is a graduate of the Sydney Conservatorium of Music with a degree in Composition.
Film & television.
Composition credits include:
Theatre.
Rae has composed music for theatre productions at Belvoir St Theatre and the Sydney Theatre Company. He has also worked as an actor in many productions with directors including Geoffrey Rush and Jim Sharman.
Album.
His debut solo album, "Feet Lift Off The Ground", blends music of different eras using Renaissance music for melodic inspiration. It also features Geoffrey Rush on several tracks reading poems that Rae has set to music.
Awards.
Rae has won the Australian Film Institute (AFI), the Australian Performing Rights Association (APRA), the Film Critics Circle of Australia (FCC) and the Australian Guild of Screen Composers (AGSC) awards. He has also won a CLIO (New York) for his work in advertising.

</doc>
<doc id="19183432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183432" title="Midori-ku, Saitama">
Midori-ku, Saitama

Geography.
Midori-ku is located at the south-eastern corner and covers an area part of former Misono Village and an eastern section of former Urawa City. A wide area of green farmland, Minuma Rice Paddies, forms the central part of the ward. The major river system includes the Shiba River, the Ayanose River, and the Minuma Irrigational Canal. In the southern section of the ward runs the Tōhoku Expressway.
History.
Controversy over name.
During the merging process that established Saitama City, the proposed name , which has traditionally referred to the region, met public opposition, for it conveys images of backwardness. In particular, the second "kanji" character attracted negative reactions from residents. In a referendum, "Urawahigashi-ku" and "Higashiurawa-ku" were voted to be in first and third place, respectively. Nevertheless, they were eliminated on the ground that they contained a name of former Urawa City. The second place "Misono-ku" was also rejected because the major area of the new ward was not part of former Misono Village. "Higashi-ku", meaning "East Ward", ranked fourth in the vote was also eliminated, since Iwatsuki City, located east of Saitama City was expressing a desire to join the new city. As a result, the fifth tier choice "Midori-ku," meaning "Green Ward," became the name of the ward.
External links.
This article incorporates material from ("Midori-ku (Saitama City)") in the Japanese Wikipedia, retrieved on September 4, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19183436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183436" title="Shima Yoshitake">
Shima Yoshitake


</doc>
<doc id="19183441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183441" title="C.D. Águila San Isidro">
C.D. Águila San Isidro

Club Deportivo Águila San Isidro is a Salvadoran football club, which currently plays in the Salvadoran Third Division.
The club is based near Chinameca at an altitude of 1,250 meters above sea level what makes them hard to beat at home.
History.
They won promotion to the second tier of domestic football in 2006/2007 but were forced to sell that promotion slot to Once Lobos due to lack of funds. Again, in 2008, Águila San Isidro won promotion to the Salvadoran second division, this time after beating Liberal I.R. in a promotion/relegation playoff and they did go up this time.

</doc>
<doc id="19183443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183443" title="C. P. Lyons">
C. P. Lyons

Chester Peter "Chess" Lyons (1915 - December 20, 1998) was a Canadian outdoorsman and natural historian. The author of several books on the flora and landscape of the Pacific Northwest, Lyons is best known for his popular and widely cited botanical field guides.
Bibliography.
Milestones on the Mighty Fraser (Dent, 1950; Vancouver: Evergreen Press, 1958).
Trees, Shrubs and Flowers to Know in British Columbia, 1952.
Trees, Shrubs and Flowers to Know in Washington, 1956.
Trees, Shrubs and Flowers to Know in Washington and British Columbia, 1995 (with Bill Merilees).
Milestones in Ogopogo Land: In Which the Many Wonders of the Land of Ogopogo and Sunshine Are Revealed. Evergreen Press, 1957.
Milestones on Vancouver Island: the Story of This Island to the West, Its Past and Its Present. Evergreen Press, 1958.
Milestones in Ogopogo Land. Foremost Publishing Co. Ltd., 1970
Okanagan Valley. Heritage House Pub. Co., 1985.
Fraser and Thompson River Canyons (Surrey: Heritage House, 1986).
Wildflowers of Washington, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19183457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183457" title="List of Supersoldiers in fiction">
List of Supersoldiers in fiction

The Supersoldier, a soldier or fighter enhanced beyond normal human limitations by some means, is a recurring trope in speculative fiction, particularly science fiction. This list of supersoldier examples is not comprehensive.

</doc>
<doc id="19183463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183463" title="List of Ranji Trophy records">
List of Ranji Trophy records

This is a list of Ranji Trophy records, with each list containing the top five performances in the category. The Ranji Trophy is the premier first-class cricket competition in India.
Currently active players are bolded.
Batting records.
Highest career average.
Qualification: 3500+ runs
Notes.
All lists are referenced to CricketArchive.

</doc>
<doc id="19183603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183603" title="Sahasra purna chandrodayam">
Sahasra purna chandrodayam

Sahasra purna chandrodayam is the celebration of a person's 1000th full moon during his or her life as a special occasion. This is a custom in India and Nepal. As the time between similar lunar phases, the synodic month, is on average 29.53 days, this is usually celebrated in 82–83 years. This ritual is also known as Chandra Ratharohan . 
In Sanskrit "sahasra" means 1000, "purna" means full, and "chandrodyam" means dawn of moon.
A similar kind of celebrations for elderly persons are Bhim Rathaarohan(in 77 years, 7 months, 7 days of age), Deva Rathaarohan (88 years 8 months, 8 days of age), Divya Rathaarohan (in 99 years, 9 months, 9 days of age), Mahadivya Rathaarohan (105 years 8 months, 8 days of age, Sashtiaapdapoorthi (or "Shashti poorthi").)

</doc>
<doc id="19183619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183619" title="Qaradağlı, Barda">
Qaradağlı, Barda

Qaradağlı is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan, situated just north of the capital of the rayon, Barda. It has a population of 1,144. 

</doc>
<doc id="19183641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183641" title="Battalion (Sweden)">
Battalion (Sweden)

A Swedish/Finnish battalion during the mid 17th century up to the mid 18th century was the smallest tactical unit in combat. The 600 man unit was formed, temporarily, at the inception of a battle by joining four foot companies from a foot regiment of eight companies. The commander of the regiment, an Överste (Colonel), led the first battalion and his deputy, an Överstelöjtnant (Lieutenant Colonel), the second battalion. Battalion commanders and all other officers marched in front of the formation. Non-commissioned officers (underofficers) marched beside and behind to prevent desertion, and to replace officers who were killed. In addition to his principal duties, senior officers, such as Majors, the Överstelöjtnant and Överste, also commanded a company. So that the Överste could focus on the operations of his regiment and first battalion, command of his company was delegated to a Kaptenlöjtnant. During battle, each officer, except the Fänriks, was in charge of a portion of his company. Underofficer (NCO) ranks comprised Furir, Förare, Fältväbel, Sergeant and Rustmästare.
Tactics -- Infantry vs Infantry.
The formation marched toward the enemy, accompanied by drums, to within from the enemy's line. There, it halted for the third and fourth rows of musketeers to aim and open fire. The march continued some further and halted again for the first and second rows of musketeers to aim and open fire. The zombie like appearance of rapidly approaching Swedes, along with major casualties from the first and second blasts, should induce the enemy to panic and flee, allowing Swedish swords and pikes to kill enemies on the run. It was rare for opposing forces to engage each other in close combat with swords and pikes. Light artillery units were sometimes placed in the gap between battalions – a practice in use at the end of the Great Northern War.
Tactics - Infantry vs Cavalry.
An effective formation to counter cavalry attacks, was to line up the whole regiment into one huge battalion of six lines.
The first two lines consisted of musketeers, the second two of pikemen and the last two musketeers. In this formation, the Major was in charge of the center, the Överstelöjtnant the left wing and the Överste the right wing.

</doc>
<doc id="19183642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183642" title="Theseus (disambiguation)">
Theseus (disambiguation)

Theseus was the king of Athens. The name may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19183644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183644" title="Little Christmas Island">
Little Christmas Island

Little Christmas Island is a small, flat, granite island, with an area of about 2 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Schouten Island Group, lying close to the eastern coast of Tasmania near the Freycinet Peninsula. It is close to the Tasmanian mainland and, at low tide, is separated only by a shallow and narrow stretch of water.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Little Penguin and Sooty Oystercatcher. European Rabbits are present.

</doc>
<doc id="19183726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183726" title="Qaradağlı, Tartar">
Qaradağlı, Tartar

Qaradağlı, Tartar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19183731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183731" title="Milton J. Payne">
Milton J. Payne

Milton Jameson Payne (October 29, 1829 - July 17, 1900), who served six one-year terms as Kansas City, Missouri Mayor, was also the city's youngest mayor (first being elected in 1855 at the age of 26). 
Payne was born on a farm in Christian County, Kentucky. After being self-educated he moved to St. Louis, Missouri in 1849 where he worked and saved enough money to head west in the California Gold Rush. En route he decided to stay in Kansas City, where he married Adeline Mary Prudhomme, the posthumous daughter of Gabriel Prudhomme, who had once owned all of the original Kansas City town site. He worked at Walker, Boyd & Chick, the biggest merchant in the old.
He was among the founders of Kansas City's first newspaper, the "Enterprise".
Payne, who always carried a gun while walking the streets, was elected mayor five times between 1855 and 1859 and was elected to a sixth term during the American Civil War in 1862.
Payne pushed for sewers, and helped build a road system up to 29th Street. His real estate developments included the area where the Liberty Memorial is now located.
Despite his contributions he was originally buried in an unmarked grave in Union Cemetery, Kansas City, Missouri; a monument was added later.

</doc>
<doc id="19183733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183733" title="Baseball Before We Knew It">
Baseball Before We Knew It

Baseball Before We Knew It: A Search for the Roots of the Game is a 2005 book by David Block about the history of baseball. Block looks into the early history of baseball, the debates about baseballs beginnings, and presents new evidence. The book received the 2006 Seymour Medal from the Society for American Baseball Research (SABR).
The account, first published in 1905, that Abner Doubleday invented baseball in 1839 was once widely promoted and widely believed. However, this belief was discredited almost immediately. Although the Doubleday myth was never taken seriously by historians, Block showed that the gospel that supplanted it was also deeply flawed. In this accounting, baseball was understood as the derivation of an English children's game, rounders, but America was allowed to retain patrimony over its national pastime through the assertion that it had been reinvented as a modern sport by the members of the New York Knickerbockers, who codified its rules for the first time in 1845. This idea, according to Block is wrong in almost every aspect. In the book, Block argues that baseball was not a product of rounders, and its essential form had already been established by the late 18th century.
Block's new evidence in the matter includes the first known record of the term "base-ball" in the United States. It came in a 1791 ordinance in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, that banned ballplaying near the town's new meetinghouse. However, that was not the first appearance of "base-ball" in print. That distinction belongs to an English book, "A Little Pretty Pocket-Book" (1744). By 1796 the rules of this English game were well enough established to earn a mention in German scholar Johann Gutsmuths book on popular pastimes, that described ""Englische Base-ball"" involved a contest between two teams, in which "the batter has three attempts to hit the ball while at the home plate"; only one out was required to retire a side. The book also predates the rules laid out by the New York Knickerbockers by nearly fifty years. In the book, Block suggests that it was the English game of baseball that had arrived in the U.S. as part of "a sweeping tide of cultural migration" during the colonial period. Once on American soil, the game developed popular regional variations that included "town-ball", "round-ball" and the "New York game". 
English baseball was itself the product of a prolonged, nonlinear evolution. "Tut-ball" may have been its immediate predecessor. "Stool-ball", an earlier sport, may have been even more influential in the evolution of baseball, and is also a likely parent of cricket, which developed independently. Medieval texts also suggest that baseball's English antecedents may themselves have descended from Continental bat-and-ball games. An illustration in the French manuscript "The Romance of Alexander" (1344) depicts a group of monks and nuns engaged in a game, thought to be "la soule", that looks much like co-ed softball. Two other French games, "théque" and "la balle empoisonée" ("poisoned ball"), also bear similarities to early baseball. They could have migrated to England. In Block's words, the field is clear for the French to claim "parental rights over America's National Game." 
Block also notes in the book that American researchers during the past half-century "have made only minimal effort to document baseball's early history and for the most part have not been inclined to go looking to European sources for clues." 

</doc>
<doc id="19183735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183735" title="The Renaissance Society of America">
The Renaissance Society of America

The Renaissance Society of America (RSA) is an academic association founded in 1954 supporting the study of the Renaissance period, 1300–1650, in Western history. Its headquarters are in New York; the annual meeting takes place in changing cities within North America and in Europe. Art historian Horst Waldemar Janson was a founding member and president of the society.
It publishes the "Renaissance Quarterly" (ISSN 0034-4338) a peer-reviewed publication which began in the 1940s as "Renaissance News" and was renamed beginning with volume 20 in 1967. It subsumed a separate publication, "Studies in the Renaissance", in 1975; "Studies" was published by the University of Chicago Press from 1954 to 1974 (ISSN 0081-8658, vols. 1-21) and is indexed by JSTOR. It also publishes an internal newsletter ("Renaissance News & Notes"), and the "Renaissance Society of America Reprint Text Series."
The Society has a number of annual awards, including a prize for digital research in the Renaissance, the Phyllis Goodhart Gordan Prize for the best book published in Renaissance studies, and an annual prize for the best article in "Renaissance Quarterly".

</doc>
<doc id="19183737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183737" title="Galivan, California">
Galivan, California

Galivan is a location in Orange County, California. Most internet-based mapping websites locate Galivan as a neighborhood or small locale near the cities of Mission Viejo and Laguna Niguel, about two miles north of the Interstate 5-California 73 interchange. Coordinates for the location are N 33.569 and W -117.674. While Galivan's status varies from map to map, it is almost always located at the spot where old U.S. Highway 101 (now Camino Capistrano) crossed over the Santa Fe railroad tracks. 
Prior to the construction of Interstate 5, a two-lane road was sufficient to carry the traffic through the then-rural area. The "Galivan Overhead" transferred the highway from one side of the railroad tracks to the other. While the bridge no longer exists, the portion of old Highway 101 is still mostly intact, and a similar bridge (designed by the same architect) can be found in Del Mar, California, also on a portion of old Highway 101, and also used to carry the roadway over the railroad tracks.
Nothing remains in the area that suggests if there was ever a village there, as the surrounding area has been heavily urbanized. 

</doc>
<doc id="19183743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183743" title="HD 39225">
HD 39225

HD 39225 is a variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="19183753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183753" title="Lost (Robotham novel)">
Lost (Robotham novel)

Lost, also known as The Drowning Man, is a 2005 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Michael Robotham. "His books "Lost", "The Night Ferry" and most recently "Shatter", have reinforced his reputation as one of the best architects of the psychological thriller."
Dedication.
"For my mother and father."

</doc>
<doc id="19183757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183757" title="Qaradağlı (40° 16' N 46° 58' E), Tartar">
Qaradağlı (40° 16' N 46° 58' E), Tartar

Qaradağlı (also, Karadagly) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19183847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183847" title="Wayson stain">
Wayson stain

The Wayson stain is a basic fuchsin-methylene blue, ethyl alcohol-phenol microscopic staining procedure. It was originally a modified methylene blue stain used for diagnosing bubonic plague. With this stain, "Yersinia pestis" appears purple with a characteristic safety-pin appearance, which is due to the presence of a central vacuole. 
Wayson stain is used along with the Giemsa and Wright's stains to rapidly detect potential biowarfare attacks It has also been investigated as a possible cheaper and faster way to detect melioidosis. It is a useful alternative to the Gram or Loeffler’s Methylene Blue stains, especially for detecting "Yersinia enterocolitica" which is often found in contaminated food

</doc>
<doc id="19183895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183895" title="Qaraqoyunlu, Barda">
Qaraqoyunlu, Barda

Qaraqoyunlu (also, Karakoyunlu) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 702.

</doc>
<doc id="19183904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183904" title="Live at the Town Hall">
Live at the Town Hall

Ocean Colour Scene "Live At The Town Hall" is a 2008 live music DVD, released by the Birmingham based band Ocean Colour Scene via their own record label Moseley Shoals Records, which comprised a recording of the bands appearance at the Town Hall in Birmingham on the 17 April 2008, during the band's April 2008 Acoustic tour of the UK and Ireland.
The DVD featured a career spanning collection of songs including album tracks, single A-sides and B-sides, together with new as yet unrecorded material, with the band focussing on material they either rarely play live, or have not done so before. The sound recording was mixed by producer John Rivers and Yaron Levy at Woodbine Studios in Leamington Spa Warwickshire and the finished DVD had a total running time of 91 minutes with additional extra features comprising rehearsal and behind the scenes footage of the band.
The DVD cover artwork comprises a painting of Birmingham Town Hall by artist David Barrow 
The first 500 copies ordered via the band's official website came with the signatues of all five band members - Simon Fowler, Steve Cradock, Oscar Harrison, Dan Sealey and Andy Bennett in the centre pages of the DVD booklet.
Credits.
In addition Dave Fowler - a member of the band's roadcrew contributed occasional Autoharp.

</doc>
<doc id="19183906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183906" title="Milano Cadorna railway station">
Milano Cadorna railway station

Milano Cadorna is a commuter railway station located near the Castello Sforzesco in Milan, Italy.
History.
The original station, built in wood in the style of a chalet, was opened in 1879. This was enlarged in
1920, but the station was destroyed during the bombardments of the city in the Second World War. The current structure and the homonymous square were completely restored in 1999 under a Gae Aulenti project.
Transport.
Passenger services from this station, by commuter, suburban, regional and express trains, are operated by Trenord.
Local public transportation.
"Piazzale Cadorna" (Cadorna square, in front of the station) is a hub of Milan's public transport: it features Cadorna junction underground station (underground lines M1 and M2) and stops or headlines for one tramway line (1) and twelve bus lines (NM1, NM2, N6, N50, N57, N94, 50, 57, 58, 58/, 61 and 94).

</doc>
<doc id="19183908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183908" title="Swastika Mukherjee">
Swastika Mukherjee

Swastika Mukherjee (, born 13 December 1980 in Kolkata) is a Bengali actress. She is daughter of actor Santu Mukherjee. Mukherjee's first stint with acting was the tele-serial "Devdasi". She made her film debut in 2003 with the film "Hemanter Pakhi" directed by Urmi Chakraborty. Her first lead role came with Ravi Kinnagi-directed "Mastan".
Personal life.
Mukherjee was born on 13 December 1980 in Kolkata. As a child she lived a self-described "simple life" with her father Santu Mukhopadhyay, younger sister Ajopa and mother Gopa. Her favorite films were "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", "Mary Poppins" and "The Sound of Music". She did her schooling at Carmel School, Kolkata, St. Teresa' School, and Gokhale Memorial School. In 1998 at the age of 18, she married singer Pramit Sen, son of Rabindra Sangeet singer exponent Sagar Sen. The marriage was an unhappy one, lasting only two years before the couple separated. She accused him of physically abusing her and locking her out of their home when she was pregnant and filed a charge against him for cruelty (it was later dismissed). According to Mukherjee, Sen filed for divorce in 2000, but changed his mind later when she became successful in her acting career. She had one daughter from the marriage, Anwesha, born in 2000.
In 2001 Mukherjee enrolled at the Ananda Shankar Centre for Culture, learning dance from veteran Tanushree Shankar. She then went into a relationship with Jeet,but broke up due to gossips saying that Jeet was dating Koel Mullick. Later, she began a relationship with Parambrata Chatterjee on the sets of "Brake Fail". As she was still technically married to Pramit Sen, he filed a charge against Chatterjee for criminal adultery and enticement of a married woman. They separated in 2010 after Chatterjee moved to London.
Career.
While working on a history degree at Jadavpur University Mukherjee was spotted by the director of the TV serial "Devdasi" who convinced her to act in his production. She went on to appear in other serials like "Akasher Niche" and "Protibimbo".
Mukherjee made her film debut in 2003 with the film "Hemanter Pakhi" directed by Urmi Chakraborty. In this film she played a small role. Her first lead role came with "Mastan" directed by Ravi Kinagi.
During the filming of "Mastan" she began to date her co-star Jeet. They went on to appear in several films together, including "Kranti", "Krishnakanter Will" and "Partner". Mukherjee has recently appeared in "Bye Bye Bangkok" and made her Hindi debut in the anthology film "Mumbai Cutting".

</doc>
<doc id="19183923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183923" title="140th Pennsylvania Infantry">
140th Pennsylvania Infantry

The 140th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry was a Union Army regiment in the American Civil War, serving in the Eastern Theater. Recruited in late 1862, it fought from the Battle of Chancellorsville through the war until the Confederate surrender at Appomattox Court House. Its losses during the war were among the highest of any Union regiment.
History.
Organization.
The regiment was recruited in Beaver, Greene, Mercer, and Washington counties, and formally mustered into service on September 8, 1862 at Camp Curtin, under the command of Col. Richard P. Roberts. 
The 140th was initially placed on duty guarding the North Central Railway near Parkton, Maryland and remained there until being ordered to join the Army of the Potomac at Aquia Creek, Virginia, where they arrived on December 12. Here they were assigned to the 3rd Brigade, 1st Division, II Army Corps, under the command of Gen. Samuel K. Zook, and proceeded to go into winter quarters near Falmouth, Virginia.
While in winter camp, on January 18, 1863, the regiment received Springfield rifle muskets, to replace their large and unwieldy Vincennes muskets. These were gratefully received by the men, as they had been subjected to continuous mockery by other soldiers with quips such as, “There goes the walking artillery” or, “Look at the twelve-pounders!”
Chancellorsville.
On April 28, the 140th broke camp and marched with the II Corps around Gen. Robert E. Lee’s left flank, crossing the Rappahannock River at United States Ford and proceeding toward Chancellorsville, where it arrived on May 1 and took its place in the left center of Gen. Joseph Hooker’s line. Receiving orders on the evening of May 2 to report to Col. Nelson Miles, in charge of the 1st Division’s picket line, the men helped to beat back repeated Confederate assaults throughout the morning of May 3. Additionally, a part of the regiment assisted in bringing off the guns of Battery E, 5th Maine Light Artillery to avoid capture. With Hooker on the retreat, the 140th re-crossed the Rappahannock with the rest of Zook’s brigade on May 6 and returned to their old camp near Falmouth. Thus, the regiment had had its baptism by fire.
Gettysburg and the remainder of 1863.
With Lee now on the move and having crossed into Pennsylvania, the Union Army, now under the command of Gen. George Meade, marched there to stop him. On the morning of July 2 the 140th arrived south of the town of Gettysburg, with their 1st Division taking up a position on the left of the II Corps, adjoining the right end of Gen. Daniel Sickles’ III Corps. However, Sickles arbitrarily decided to move his troops out in front of the rest of the Union line, and was soon in trouble, being attacked by Confederates in the afternoon. Thus Gen. Winfield Scott Hancock dispatched the 1st Division to report to Gen. George Sykes to be placed in line of battle to assist Sickles, moving to the latter's left end. The 3rd Brigade, under Gen. Zook, who was mortally wounded, advanced on the right end of the division across The Wheatfield, with the 140th occupying the right flank of the brigade. They initially made progress in pushing back the Rebels, but with the onset of Confederate reinforcements and the subsequent collapse of the III Corps to their right, as well as the withdrawal of the division on the left, the brigade was compelled to retreat. Together with their brigade, the regiment occupied a position on the left center of the Union line for the remainder of the battle. 
At Gettysburg the 140th lost 37 officers and men, including Col. Roberts, 144 officers and men wounded, and 60 officers and men wounded, for a total of 241 Command of the regiment now devolved to Lt. Col John Fraser, who would be promoted to colonel dating from July 4, 1863. 
With Lee defeated at Gettysburg, the Union Army pursued him as he retreated back into Virginia. In September, the 1st Division was reorganized and the 140th was now assigned to the 1st Brigade, under the command of Col. Nelson Miles. For the remainder of 1863, the regiment was involved in a series of advances and retrograde movements in Northern Virginia with the II Corps, including limited involvement at the Battle of Bristoe Station on October 14, before finally settling into winter encampment.
1864.
On May 3, 1864, the 140th broke camp and began their part in what would be known as Overland Campaign, under the command of Gen. Ulysses S. Grant. During the Battle of the Wilderness, the 1st Brigade occupied the extreme left flank of the Union line.
For the first part of the Battle of Spotsylvania, the 1st Brigade occupied the extreme right of the Union line. After being detached for a brief reconnaissance to Todd’s Tavern, the 140th rejoined the brigade in its slide to the east, closer to the left end of the Union line. There, early on the morning of May 12 they took part in the massive assault on the part of the Confederate line known as the “Mule Shoe.” The men had to pick their way through trees felled to form an abatis before making their way up to the Mule Shoe, where they managed to dislodge the Rebels from their first line, but were unable to proceed further, having to settle into the works just captured. On May 15 the 1st Division was ordered to the rear and occupied this position until the 21st, when they joined Grant’s next flank movement to the east toward North Anna River. The movement to and actions at Spotsylvania cost the regiment 41 men killed, 125 officers and men wounded, and 10 men missing, for a total of 176.
The regiment next moved with the II Corps toward the North Anna River, and was involved in skirmishing there May 23–25 at the Battle of North Anna. Grant finding that Lee’s forces were too strongly entrenched there for a major assault, he ordered yet another eastward movement, this time in the direction of Cold Harbor. At the Battle of Cold Harbor the 1st Brigade occupied the left of the Union line, making contact with the Confederates on June 2, and driving their line back for a period before being counterattacked in turn and forced to give ground themselves. On June 3, the regiment was held in support of pickets on the left while the rest of the Union assault occurred to the north. Having advanced their position and entrenching on June 6, they remained in this position until the 12th. Their losses in the movement to Cold Harbor and the subsequent battle there were 10 officers and men killed, 24 men wounded, and 10 men missing.
Petersburg.
Grant again uprooted his army, and the II Corps now crossed the James River and advanced on Petersburg. On June 16 the 1st Division joined in an attack on the Confederate entrenchments outside the city, but this would prove to be the beginning of a long siege that would last until April 2, 1865. During this period, the 140th was involved in various movements and smaller battles which comprised the overall siege, including Ream's Station on August 25, and Hatcher's Run February 5–7, 1865.
End of the War.
With the Union Army’s breakthrough of the Confederate line on April 2, the 140th now joined in the final pursuit of the remnants of Lee’s troops, which would include the Battle of Sayler's Creek and their final battle at Farmville on April 7. Lee would finally surrender to Grant on April 9, thus bringing the war to a close in this theater.
The regiment took its place in the Grand Review of the Armies in Washington, D.C. and was then formally mustered out of service on May 31.
Losses.
Over the course of the war, the 140th Pennsylvania had 1132 officers and men enrolled in its ranks. Of these, 198 were killed or mortally wounded, or 17.4 percent, among the highest rates of any Union regiment in the Civil War. An additional 128 died of disease, for a total of 326, or 28.8%.
Re-enactors.
Currently there is a reenactment group, the 140th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, Co. A, based in Greene County, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19183940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183940" title="Where in the World? (album)">
Where in the World? (album)

Where in the World? is the third album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 1991 and features performances by Frisell, Hank Roberts, Kermit Driscoll and Joey Baron.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Daniel Gioffre awarded the album 4½ stars calling it "One of the high points of '90s jazz guitar, "Where in the World?" is essential for fans of modern jazz".

</doc>
<doc id="19183943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183943" title="List of Speakers of the Virginia House of Delegates">
List of Speakers of the Virginia House of Delegates

The following persons have served as Speaker of the Virginia House of Delegates.
Acting Speaker.
According to Rules 2 and 16 of the House of Delegates, the chair of the Committee on Privileges and Elections serves as Acting Speaker when there is a vacancy in the Speaker's office. This has occurred twice since 1990:

</doc>
<doc id="19183947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183947" title="Henry Taylor Parker">
Henry Taylor Parker

Henry Taylor Parker (1867–1934), "known for many years largely by his initials H. T. P.", was an American theater and music critic. "Time" said Parker's "reviews were famed" and for "29 years he had been Boston's oracle on theatre and music." The magazine also said Parker was a "great critic" as was Philip Hale who died around the same time. Parker was "one of the most distinguished critics of his era, respected for his long, thoughtful, and open‐minded reviews." His biographer said “This remarkable little man of fine perceptions, with his dark eyes burning quizzically in a head bent forward with a sleuthing thrust and emphatic in its nods, was a giant among critics.”
Parker attended Harvard University but was said to have left in displeasure over the number of courses in drama and literature available to him. He worked for several papers newspapers as a correspondent until the 1900s when he became drama and music critic for the "New York Globe". In 1905, Parker returned to his native Boston and worked as a critic for the "Boston Evening Transcript" for the rest of his life.
Parker worked during the era when Boston – a city founded by Puritans – had extreme censorship laws causing many artistic works to be "Banned in Boston". But the theater scene in Boston remained vital helped by "excellence of its theatrical criticism as exemplified by the renown of Henry Taylor Parker and Henry Austin Clapp." In 1922, Parker wrote the book "Eighth Notes: Voices and Figures of Music and the Dance".
Parker was a distinctive character. According to "Time":
Critic Parker's initials, all he ever signed, gave him the nicknames of "Hard-to-Please" and "Hell-to-Pay." But he was seldom vitriolic. His reviews were famed chiefly for their length (1,250 words, at least), their ornate, old-fashioned sentences, their freshness and independence of viewpoint. Boston knew him for a sputtery, gnomelike person who wore a flowing cape for evening, carried a stout bamboo stick, shunned conversation. He did most of his writing between 3 and 5 a. m., always in longhand on yellow ruled paper. Afternoons saw him in his musty, little Transcript office, painstakingly correcting proof, sorting and editing the world's stage news. No one ever dared to call his page provincial.
Ernest Bloch wrote to Henry Taylor Parker how it "is the Jewish soul that interests me, the complex, glowing, agitated soul that I feel vibrating through the Bible." Parker met Virgil Thomson before the young composer left Cambridge, Massachusetts for Paris. Parker arranged for Thomson to critique musical events in Paris for the "Boston Evening Transcript", thus starting Thomson's career as a professional critic.
Parker died from pneumonia at age 66 three days before the opening of a Metropolitan Opera visit to Boston that he helped promote. In his obituary it was said the "little man was missed at the Friday afternoon Symphony where for years he had sat in the front row of the balcony, the seat beside him vacant. Some of Parker's correspondence with Ray Henderson is kept by the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts.
Parker's biography "H. T. P.: Portrait of a Critic" by David McCord was published the year after his death. Some of Parker's reviews were collected and posthumously published in 1982 as "Motion Arrested: Dance Reviews of H. T. Parker" edited by Olive Holmes.

</doc>
<doc id="19183961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183961" title="Maryborough Castlemaine District Football League">
Maryborough Castlemaine District Football League

The Maryborough Castlemaine District Football League is an Australian rules football league based in central Victoria. This is a minor league with clubs coming from towns near the regional centres of Maryborough, and Castlemaine.
History.
The "Maryborough District Football League" was formed prior to 1914. It absorbed a number of clubs from the "Castlemaine District Football League", when that competition ceased in 1952. Other clubs from the Castlemaine District Football League moved to the "Bendigo District Football Association".
The name was changed to "Maryborough Castlemaine District Football League" in 1982.
The highest ever score in a senior game of Australian rules football was scored in this league in 1990, when Campbells Creek defeated Primrose 100.34 (634) to 3.0 (18).
2007 Ladder.
FINALS 
2008 Ladder.
FINALS 
2009 Ladder.
FINALS 
2010 Ladder.
 
FINALS 
2011 Ladder.
 
FINALS 
2012 Ladder.
 
FINALS 
Books.
History of Football in the Bendigo District - John Stoward - ISBN 987-0-9805929-1-7

</doc>
<doc id="19183968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183968" title="Kaipara Flats">
Kaipara Flats

Kaipara Flats is a locality in the Rodney District of New Zealand. Warkworth is 12 km to the east, Ahuroa to the south, and Tauhoa to the north-west. The North Auckland railway line passes through the area. 
The economy is mostly sheep and cattle farming, with lifestyle blocks increasing in popularity. The Rodney Aero Club has an airfield nearby.
A bridle track was established to Glorit on the Kaipara Harbour in 1899, and part was improved to a dray road the following year. The North Auckland Line reached Kaipara Flats from Ahuroa in 1906. 
Education.
Kaipara Flats School is a coeducational contributing primary (years 1-6) school with a decile rating of 9 and a roll of 84. The school was established in 1878.

</doc>
<doc id="19183983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183983" title="Langtang North">
Langtang North

Langtang North is a Local Government Area in Plateau State, Nigeria. Its headquarters are in the town of Langtang at.
It has an area of 1,188 km² and a population of 140,643 at the 2006 census.
The postal code of the area is 941.

</doc>
<doc id="19183986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19183986" title="Langtang South">
Langtang South

Langtang South is a Local Government Area in Plateau State, Nigeria. Its headquarters are in the town of Mabudi.
It has an area of 838 km² and a population of 106,305 at the 2006 census.
The postal code of the area is 941. 
See also.
Langtang

</doc>
<doc id="19184032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184032" title="Bumbuna">
Bumbuna

Bumbuna is a town in the central of Tonkolili District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone. The town lies about 30 miles from the district capital of Magburaka and approximately 124 miles (by road) northeast of Freetown. 
The areas in and around Bumbuna is extremely rich in iron ore and is home to one of the largest Hydropower dam in the world [http://www.sierraexpressmedia.com/archives/2545][http://www.codep.co.uk/blog/rebecca-turner-bambuna-dam]. The population of Bumbuna was 4,051 in the 2004 census, and is made up of many different ethnic groups.
Industry and minerals.
Several industrial mining companies are based in the Bumbuna area, the largest of which is the African Minerals Ltd (AML) The 50 MegaWatts Sierra Leone Bumbuna hydroelectric power plant, near Bumbuna, is complete and is supplying reliable, effective and environmentally sustainable electricity across Sierra Leone especially to the capital Freetown and Makeni [http://www.power-technology.com/projects/bumbuna-station/. However, the national grid is so dilapidated that only about 27 MegaWatts are actually used. In 2010 about 5 million people were still not on the grid.

</doc>
<doc id="19184033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184033" title="O. M. Nambiar">
O. M. Nambiar

O. M. Nambiar is a renowned Indian athletics coach who was awarded Dronacharya award in 1985 . He coached the well known Indian athlete P.T.Usha. He hails from Kerala state.

</doc>
<doc id="19184038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184038" title="Rosette-Nosed Chameleon">
Rosette-Nosed Chameleon

The rosette-nosed chameleon (Rhampholeon spinosus) is a small East African species, found in virgin forest and woodland of both the eastern and western Usambara Mountains. It is predominantly ash-grey in colouration, with a distinctive rosette-like nasal appendage.
This species has, in the past, caused much taxonomic controversy, and has been reclassified from "Chamaeleo spinosum", to "Bradypodion spinosum", then to the current "Rhampholeon spinosus".

</doc>
<doc id="19184046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184046" title="Gekidō/Just Break the Limit!">
Gekidō/Just Break the Limit!

"Gekidou/Just Break the Limit!" (激動/Just Break the Limit!) is the tenth single by Japanese band Uverworld and was released on 11 June 2008 in CD and CD+DVD format. This is the band's first double-A single. "Gekidou" was used as the fourth opening theme for the anime D.Gray-man and "Just break the limit!" was used in a commercial for Pocari Sweat.

</doc>
<doc id="19184052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184052" title="The Hapa Project">
The Hapa Project

The Hapa Project is a multiracial identity art project created by American artist Kip Fulbeck. The project embodies a range of mediums, including a published book, traveling photographic exhibition, satellite community presentations, and online communities.
Overview.
Fulbeck began the project in 2001, traveling the country photographing over 1200 volunteer subjects who self-identified as Hapa (defined for the project as mixed ethnic heritage with partial roots in Asian and/or Pacific Islander ancestry) Each individual was photographed in a similar minimalist style (directly head-on, unclothed from the shoulders up, and without jewelry, glasses, excess make-up, or purposeful expression). After being photographed, participants chose their own racial/ethnic terms to describe themselves, then responded to the question "What are you?" in their own handwriting. The photographs, self-descriptions, and handwritten responses were then combined and displayed as a collection.
Over 1200 volunteer participants were photographed at dozens of shoots throughout California and Hawaii, as well as Illinois, New York, and Wisconsin.
Objective.
The Hapa Project was created to promote awareness and recognition of the millions of multiracial/multiethnic individuals of Asian/Pacific Islander descent in the U.S; to give voice to multiracial people and previously ignored ethnic groups; to dispel myths of exoticism, hybrid vigor and racial homogeneity; to foster positive identity formation and self-image in multiracial children; and to encourage solidarity and empowerment within the multiracial/Hapa community. Fulbeck also notes that a main objective "... was to make the book I wish I owned when I was a kid. I never knew anyone else like me, going through things I went through, not fitting in, always having to choose sides ... Identity is a personal process and I’m adamant that it should be a personal decision, not one made by a community, a government or others." 
Use of race as identifier.
Fulbeck states that despite its utilization of common racial classifications, The Hapa Project is fundamentally a project about identity rather than a project about race: "It's about identity using race as a starting point." He argues that race in itself is not biologically determined, but socially created: "For the record, race is not a scientifically sound assumption. For example, there is no DNA difference between human beings. We are all African. Biologically, race does not exist. It is a social and cultural construct ... The U.S. is a country with a long history of social genocide (Native Americans, African slavery, etc.) and this was all due to the seeming differences we attributed to race. Yes, it is very convenient to categorize people according to race. It is also extremely inaccurate, however." 
Conceptual strategies.
The use of a clinical photographic style combined with the listing of the subject's ethnic heritage alongside their image visually quotes from various pseudo-scientific 18th and 19th century racial studies of Carolus Linnaeus, Johann Friedrich Blumenbach, and Arthur de Gobineau Spickard, Paul, "Almost All Aliens", Routledge, New York, NY 2007 However, Fulbeck's decision to have the subjects self-designate their ethnicity and to include their individual handwritten statements counters this methodology, giving ownership and responsibility to the subjects themselves. As historian Paul Spickard writes, "Kip Fulbeck is using the pictures to provoke and encourage his readers. He is using the old form, but with exactly opposite content." Fulbeck, Kip, Part Asian, 100% Hapa, Chronicle Books, San Francisco 2006, p. 261
The project also plays upon and critiques the official photographs each person has taken for their driver's licenses, passports and other forms of identification.
A further strategy aimed at diminishing the power dynamic between photographer/subject was to have each participant choose their own image, with the option of re-photographing them if they desired. Fulbeck states, "... every participant not only got to write their statement the way they wanted to, they also got to pick their own image. A camera is a tremendously powerful tool and the power dynamic between photographer and subject is palpable. For this reason, I wanted to give some of the power back to the subjects. It was never going to be completely democratic – it is, after all, my concept, my project, and my design – but there are some strategies you can employ to make it less unilateral. Everyone got to see their image and choose to keep it or erase it and shoot again." One participant was re-photographed 27 times.
Offshoot projects.
Numerous schools and community organizations have created similar projects inspired by Fulbeck's work.
Exhibition history.
The Hapa Project publicly premiered in 2006 at the Japanese American National Museum with a 5-month solo exhibition entitled "kip fulbeck: part asian, 100% hapa." The work has also exhibited at Space180 Gallery (San Francisco), Mandeville Gallery (New York), The Field Museum, University of North Carolina, Oakland University, Northern Arizona University, Santa Clara University, and Woodward Academy, among others. Sixteen images from the series are included in the Science Museum of Minnesota's exhibition "Race: Are We So Different?" currently touring nationally.
Many of the exhibitions include a participatory component where visitors can take part in the project by having their picture taken and writing an individual statement.
Public attention.
The project has received both national and international news coverage, being featured on CNN, MTV, PBS, NPR, and Voice of America. Major newspapers covering the project include The Los Angeles Times,Orange County Register, and Kyoto Journal. It has also been featured on dozens of websites exploring race and identity in the U.S.
Book.
A book based on the project entitled "Part Asian, 100% Hapa" was published by Chronicle Books in 2006. It features a foreword by musician Sean Lennon and an afterword by historian Paul Spickard.
The book includes portraits and statements from approximately 10% of the overall project participants. Fulbeck has discussed the difficulties in selecting these images from the overall pool, as well the problematic of selecting a single image for the book cover. He also has written about the conscious decision to dispel stereotypes of Hapa people all being conventionally attractive.
Influences.
Fulbeck cites photographer Jim Goldberg and comic artist Lynda Barry as specifically influential to the creation of the project. Lynda Barry also participated in the project and is included in "Part Asian, 100% Hapa." Fulbeck also credits historian Paul Spickard as a major influence, particularly his book "Mixed Blood: Intermarriage & Ethnic: Intermarriage And Ethnic Identity In Twentieth Century America" (University of Wisconsin Press, 1991) Fulbeck, Kip, "Part Asian, 100% Hapa", Chronicle Books, San Francisco 2006, pp. 8, 55, 259.
Anonymity and celebrity.
Participant names are listed alphabetically in both the photographic exhibition and book (without index to individual images). Fulbeck chose participant anonymity both for the safety of the children and as a thematic strategy. "...I wanted participants to have as blank a slate as possible to work with, to not be burdened by any pre-existing identifiers. It’s interesting with celebrities, because celebrities without their gear – their look or environment or entourage – don’t look like celebrities. They look like people. And that’s what I wanted. I could photograph Cher this way and she’d look like a regular person." 
Celebrities in the project include Lynda Barry, Wuv Bernardo, Asia Carrera, Karen David, Amy Hill, Sean Lennon, Liz Masakayan, Greg Pak, Sonny Sandoval, and Sandra Tsing Loh.
Emerging patterns.
Two-thirds of the project volunteers were part Japanese-American. An overwhelming majority of participants were female, including some shoots where women outnumbered men 20:1.
Current work.
Fulbeck followed "Part Asian, 100% Hapa" with the publication of "Permanence: Tattoo Portraits by Kip Fulbeck" in 2008 and "Mixed: Portraits of Multiracial Kids" in 2010 (both by Chronicle Books). Both books also had accompanying solo exhibitions. A major speaker on the college circuit, Fulbeck has spoken on The Hapa Project at hundreds of campuses throughout the U.S. He is represented by The Creative Artists Agency in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="19184064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184064" title="Virginia (schooner)">
Virginia (schooner)

Virginia is a wooden schooner that is a modern replica of an early twentieth century pilot vessel of the same name. She conducts educational programs and passenger trips along the Eastern Seaboard of the United States and Canada, and in the Caribbean.
The original "Virginia".
The original schooner "Virginia" was commissioned by the Virginia Pilots Association and designed by naval engineers Cox and Stevens. Pilots Association president William Rowe Boutwell instructed the designers to model the vessel after the America's Cup competitors of the day. She was built by A.C. Brown & Son of Tottenville, Staten Island, New York, and was completed in 1916. Although steamboats were readily available at the time, "Virginia" was built with no engines so as to maintain the pilots' sailing skills and train new apprentices.
"Virginia" served actively as a pilot vessel during World War I. Following the war, she was fitted with two 75 hp diesel engines, which necessitated a shortening of her fore boom to accommodate a smokestack.
In 1939, "Virginia" was sold to Walter K. Queen of Boston. She was sold again in 1944, and in 1945 was sold to her final owner, William H. Hoeffer of New York. In 1947 she was reported "stranded." 
The modern "Virginia".
The replica "Virginia" was commissioned by the Virginia Maritime Heritage Foundation and built by Tri-Coastal Marine in Norfolk, Virginia. She was completed in 2005. She is a gaff rigged knockabout schooner, meaning she lacks a bowsprit; her headsails can be handled and furled from the deck.
In 2004, the Virginia Senate deferred a bill that would establish the Commonwealth of Virginia as a co-owner of the "Virginia". 
In 2007, "Virginia" was awarded a $10,000 grant from the United States Department of Justice's Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Program, by way of the American Sail Training Association, for her youth sail training programs.
Programs.
In the summer, "Virginia" offers week-long educational programs for boys and girls aged 13-17. In conjunction with the professional crew, the trainees help to sail, maintain, and navigate the ship. "Virginia" also provides scholarships to allow underserved youth to participate in these programs.
"Virginia" also carries paying guests between various destination points.

</doc>
<doc id="19184065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184065" title="Rosa C. Petherick">
Rosa C. Petherick

Rosa Clementina Petherick (September 1871 - 20 December 1931) was a British book illustrator. Born in Addiscombe, Croydon, she was the eldest of five daughters of the artist Horace William Petherick (1839–1919). She contributed illustrations to numerous children's story books, annuals and periodicals, particularly those produced by Blackie and Son Limited. According to her obituary in "The Times", her etchings could be found in the National Portrait Galley.

</doc>
<doc id="19184072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184072" title="Illinois Basin">
Illinois Basin

Boundaries and sedimentary rocks.
The basin is bordered on the northeast by the Kankakee Arch, on the southeast by the Cincinnati Arch, on the south by the Pascola Arch, on the southwest by the Ozark Dome, on the northwest by the Mississippi River Arch, and on the north by the Wisconsin Arch. The New Madrid Seismic Zone and the Wabash Valley Seismic Zone intersect the southern portion of the basin.
At its center beneath southern Illinois, the basin contains a thickness of about 15,000 feet of Cambrian through Pennsylvanian sedimentary rocks, predominantly marine, and mostly dolomite, limestone, shale, and sandstone.
The basement rocks deep below the sedimentary rocks of the basin are Proterozoic granites and rhyolite of the Eastern Granite–Rhyolite Province which dates to around 1.55 Ga.
Mineral resources.
The rocks of the Illinois Basin are sources of coal, petroleum, and minerals.
Coal.
Bituminous coal is present in Pennsylvanian rocks in the basin, deposited in freshwater swamp environments. Over the years, the Illinois Basin has produced more than eight billion tons of coal in Southern Illinois, particularly in the Harrisburg Coal Field, and the Western Coal Fields of Kentucky. Coal production was 99 million short tons in 2008, roughly equally divided between Illinois, Indiana, and western Kentucky. The basin provided 8% of US coal production in 2008.
Petroleum.
The Illinois Basin has produced more than four billion barrels of petroleum. Major oil production began in 1905, and from 1907 through 1912, the basin was the third-most oil productive area in the United States. Oil production peaked in 1908 at 34 million barrels per year, and declined steadily to 5 million barrels in 1933. A new wave of exploration brought oil production to a new high of 140 million barrels in 1940, after which production again declined. Waterflooding of old reservoirs caused a third peak of oil production in the 1950s.
Much recent drilling activity has targeted shale gas in the Devonian-Mississippian New Albany Shale.
Nonfuel minerals.
The rocks of the Illinois Basin are thought to be the source of metals in Mississippi Valley-Type lead-zinc deposits, both within the basin and in surrounding areas, such as the Lead Belt of southeast Missouri.
Within the basin, deposits valuable for lead, zinc, coal balls and fluorite are mined in Hardin and Pope counties, Illinois, and Crittenden and Livingston counties, Kentucky. the deposits are in the form of veins and limestone replacement deposits in Mississippian sedimentary rocks. Ore minerals are fluorite, galena, and sphalerite. Gangue minerals include common quartz and calcite, and minor barite and chalcopyrite.
Carbon sequestration.
Some geologic formations in the Illinois Basin are considered to have potential for carbon sequestration, as a permanent disposal site for carbon dioxide that would otherwise be released into the atmosphere. In 2009, Archer Daniels Midland Corp. began pilot testing the carbon sequestration potential of the Mt. Simon formation beneath its ethanol manufacturing facility in Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19184078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184078" title="Rachana Banerjee">
Rachana Banerjee

Rachana Banerjee is a Bengali actress in Calcutta-based Bengali Cinema at Tollywood.
She was born on October 2, 1978 in Calcutta, West Bengal, India. Apart from Bengali movies she has also done several Oriya movies, many along with Siddhanta Mahapatra.
Personal life.
Rachana marriedSiddhanta Mahapatra at Cuttack in 2004, but later they divorced and she left the Oriya Film Industry.
Currently she is married to Atanu Das and has a son, named Pronil Das.
Apart from acting, she has also hosted the popular TV show Didi No. 1, which is aired in Zee Bangla on weekdays. On 5 April 2013 a fire had broken out in the studio of the Didi No. 1 at Tollygunge, and she had fainted following a panic attack, and was rushed to a city hospital (Aurobindo Seva Sadan) immediately.

</doc>
<doc id="19184153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184153" title="Linden Blue">
Linden Blue

Linden Stanley Blue (born 1936 in Meeker, Colorado) is an American aviation executive. He is the co-owner of General Atomics, where he serves as the Vice Chairman, and runs aircraft manufacturer Spectrum Aeronautical.
Blue earned his BA from Yale University in 1958 and graduated from the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School.
He acquired his private pilot's license on 17 December 1955. An engine failure while flying a single-engine Stinson Voyager over the jungles of Honduras in 1958 made Blue a believer in twin-engine aircraft. Both the Spectrum S-40 Freedom and Spectrum S-33 Independence are designed to be twin-engine aircraft.
In 1961, during a flight from Nicaragua, he was forced to land in Havana, Cuba and was jailed for 12 days, just prior to the Bay of Pigs invasion.
He and his brother James Neal Blue acquired General Atomics in 1986 from Chevron for a reported $60 million. Linden P. Blue, the son of James Neal Blue, is President of the Reconnaissance System Group (RSG) of General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc. (GA-ASI).
Blue's contributions to the aeronautical, energy, and military sciences were recognized by the Industrial Research Institute in 2010 when he was presented the IRI Achievement Award.
In November 2012 it was announced that he plans to marry Ronne Froman, a retired Navy admiral and former Chief Operating Officer for the city of San Diego. 

</doc>
<doc id="19184187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184187" title="Scattershot (book)">
Scattershot (book)

Scattershot: My Bipolar Family is a 2008 memoir, written by American writer, carpenter, and former Montague Bookmill proprietor David Lovelace, published by Dutton Adult. Lovelace's memoir chronicles the challenges of growing up in a family in which four out of five members suffer from bipolar disorder, including Lovelace himself. Only his sister, who is a professional therapist, was spared the ravages of bipolar disorder, while both his parents, his brother, and himself, have suffered to differing degrees over the years.
Lovelace has written poetry, some of which has been nominated for the Pushcart Prize and the Patterson Review's Allen Ginsberg Award. He currently resides in western Massachusetts with his wife and children.
Description.
A native of Massachusetts, Lovelace's relationship with bipolar disorder began at an early age, when his mother, an artist, suffered from severe bouts of depression, and later when his father, a Professor of Theology at Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary, exhibited increasingly eccentric behavior. He and his brother followed suit with their own symptoms as they grew up, developing similar mood and psychological disorders, a common problem for the family—excepting Lovelace's sister, who has always had her mental health—which they privately termed the "whim-whams".
The memoir uses ample humor to chronicle Lovelace's childhood and his early adulthood growing up in and around Hamilton, Massachusetts with bipolar disorder; it shines a light on the positive aspects of bipolar disorder, such as the remarkable creative gifts it can bestow upon the afflicted, while being, unfortunately, totally devastating on other occasions.
Reception.
"Scattershot" is described by Alex Miller in the "Vail Daily" as "disturbing in places", yet "funny in others". In comparison to other memoirs, he states that "it’s very evenly portrayed, without any finger-pointing". Whitney Spotts of the "Lansing State Journal" states that "the author manages to convey the dark corners of bi-polar disorder from a tender, understanding place." 
"Publishers Weekly" praised "Lovelace's poetic prose both matter-of-fact and haunted, capturing the unpredictable rhythms of mental illness" and believed "[readers will get a real sense of the interior world of a single patient, and a family, on the verge of a mental breakdown." Eric Liebetrau, in the "Charleston City Paper", writes that "Lovelace's prose mimics his fragile mental condition, accelerating to a breathless poetry during his manic phases and slowing to a near-catatonic whisper during the depressive phases."
According to the book's publisher, there may be interest in a movie adaptation; the section of the Dutton Gotham Books Fall 2008 Catalog on the book states: "Leonardo DiCaprio and Bill Monahan, the Oscar-winning screenwriter of The Departed, are both attached to this property in Hollywood, and a deal with a major studio is expected shortly." Additionally, at least one review claimed "The Oprah Winfrey Show" is interested in having Lovelace on the show to discuss his memoir; this has not yet been verified.

</doc>
<doc id="19184205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184205" title="Oak Park High School (Michigan)">
Oak Park High School (Michigan)

Oak Park High School is a public high school located in Oak Park, Michigan an inner suburb of Detroit. The school is part of the Oak Park School district. It serves about 1,130 students in grades 10 to 12 from Oak Park and surrounding communities around Detroit.
In 2010, as a part of the Federal School Improvement Framework, the school was identified by the State of Michigan as one of 92 schools in the state that were the lowest achieving, according to performance on Michigan standardized tests. Eligible schools were invited to apply for a grant of up to 6 million dollars over 3 years to support efforts to raise academic achievement.
Oak Park High School's grant application was awarded $4.2 million. The school was one of 28 schools that were awarded grant funds.
The school colors are red, black and white. The school mascot is the Oak Park Knights.

</doc>
<doc id="19184206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184206" title="Francis H. Jenks">
Francis H. Jenks

Francis Henry Jenks (June 2, 1838-December 9, 1894) was a 19th-century theater critic in Boston whose work appeared in the "Boston Globe", "The Boston Daily Advertiser", "The Boston Courier" and "The Boston Evening Transcript" newspapers, "The New England" magazine, "Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians", and other publications.
Jenks was music and dramatic editor of "The Boston Evening Transcript" from 1881 to 1894. 
Jenks donated a number of theater-related items to the collection of the Boston Athenæum. 

</doc>
<doc id="19184209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184209" title="Bernard Ładysz">
Bernard Ładysz

Bernard Ładysz (born 24 July 1922, Wilno, then Poland) is a Polish opera singer (bass-baritone) and actor. His recordings include "Lucia di Lammermoor" (with Maria Callas) and "The Devils of Loudon" (with Tatiana Troyanos).

</doc>
<doc id="19184229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184229" title="Giorgi Tsulukidze">
Giorgi Tsulukidze

Prince Giorgi Tsulukidze (, ) (April 23, 1860 – May 19, 1923) was a Georgian military officer and anti-Soviet resistance leader. 
Born of a noble family, Tsulukidze was educated at Elisavetgrad military pro-gymnasium and Tiflis infantry junkers' school. Since 1876, he served in the Imperial Russian army. During World War I, he was promoted to the rank of major-general in 1915 and commanded a brigade in the 5th rifle division, then the 174th Infantry Division and finally the 67th Infantry Division in the years 1916-1917. On January 7, 1916, Giorgi Tsulukidze was awarded the Order of St. George (Fourth Degree). He then served in the military of a newly independent Democratic Republic of Georgia after whose fall to the Soviets (1921) he was involved in an underground independence movement. Tsulukidze was arrested by Cheka along with his associates and shot at the outskirts of Tbilisi on May 19, 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="19184230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184230" title="Siegfried Salomon">
Siegfried Salomon

Siegfried Salomon (3 August 1885 – 29 October 1962) was a Danish composer. 
Salomon was born in Copenhagen. In 1899 he entered the Conservatory in Leipzig and studied there for four years. He also spent some time in Paris studying with Paul Le Flem. From 1903 he worked as an orchestral cellist and violist and appeared as a soloist in Copenhagen, Paris and Stockholm. His greatest success as a composer and conductor was with the opera "Leonora Christina" which premiered at Det Kongelige Teater in 1926. The opera was successful due to its use of popular style and the performance of the soprano Tenna Frederiksen Kraft in the title role. His output includes two other operas, "Duen og slangen" ("Doves and Serpents"; 1925) and "Dronning Dagmar" ("Queen Dagmar"; 1928). Among his other works is a lovely Violin Concerto in g, opus 26 from 1916. He died in his native city of Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="19184249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184249" title="Baku Archipelago">
Baku Archipelago

The Baku Archipelago is a group of coastal islands close to Baku, Azerbaijan. The waters surrounding the islands are shallow. 
The archipelago is made up of the following islands, besides a few small sandbanks.
Islands.
Islands located in the Bay of Baku: 
Islands located SW off the bay detached from the main group:
Ecology.
The vegetation of the islands in the Baku Archipelago has been quite damaged by the pollution caused by the oil wells in the same bay, so that most islands are almost devoid of vegetation.
Formerly this archipelago provided an ideal ecosystem for the Caspian seal. Sturgeons are still found where the waters are not too polluted. Certain birds that visit Baku Bay, like teal ducks, Herring Gulls, and grebes find refuge in these islands that are uninhabited except for gas-extraction installations and a lighthouse.
There is an automatic monitoring station for water pollution in the area located in Svinoy Island.

</doc>
<doc id="19184250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184250" title="Zui Quan in popular culture">
Zui Quan in popular culture


</doc>
<doc id="19184252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184252" title="George Garrett (composer)">
George Garrett (composer)

George Mursell Garrett (8 June 1834 – 8 April 1897) was an English organist and composer.
Garrett was born in Winchester where his father was master of the choristers at Winchester Cathedral. He later served as assistant to Samuel Sebastian Wesley at Winchester. Garrett was appointed the Director of Music at St. John's College, Cambridge in 1857 and held the position for forty years.
Garrett wrote music for the Anglican Church in the form of service settings and anthems. He is perhaps best represented today by his Anglican chant setting of Psalm 126.
He is buried in the Mill Road cemetery, Cambridge. 

</doc>
<doc id="19184257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184257" title="Hurricane Season (film)">
Hurricane Season (film)

Hurricane Season is a sports drama film directed by Tim Story and starring Forest Whitaker, Taraji P. Henson, Isaiah Washington, and Bow Wow. The screenplay was written by Robert Eisele and the film was produced by Raymond Brothers and Scott Glassgold. The film had been delayed several times and was sent straight to DVD on February 9, 2010.
Plot.
This movie is based on the true story of John Ehret High School's 2005–06 State championship team. After Hurricane Katrina, Al Collins (Forest Whitaker), a John Ehret high school basketball coach in Jefferson Parish, across the river from New Orleans in Marrero, Louisiana, assembles a team of players who had previously attended five different schools before the disaster and leads them on the path to winning the state championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19184266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184266" title="Claudia Capitolina">
Claudia Capitolina

Claudia Capitolina () was an Egyptian Greek woman who lived in the Roman Empire, in the 1st century and possibly in the 2nd century. Capitolina came from a distinguished family of Equestrian rank. She was born and raised in Alexandria, Egypt. Capitolina was the daughter and only child of Tiberius Claudius Balbilus by his unnamed wife. The cognomen "Capitolina", is probably from her maternal side. Her father was one of the highest magistrates of Equestrian rank that served in Rome. Balbilus was an astrologer and a learned scholar, who was later Prefect of Egypt. Capitolina’s paternal grandfather, was an Egyptian Greek Grammarian and Astrologer called Thrasyllus of Mendes or Tiberius Claudius Thrasyllus, who was a friend of the Roman Emperor Tiberius, while her paternal grandmother was Greek Princess Aka II of Commagene, who was a great, granddaughter of King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene. Her paternal cousin was Ennia Thrasylla who married the Praetorian prefect of the Praetorian Guard, Naevius Sutorius Macro. 
In 64, Capitolina married a Greek Prince from the Kingdom of Commagene called Gaius Julius Archelaus Antiochus Epiphanes, who was a paternal second cousin to Capitolina. She is not mentioned by Roman Sources, however has been identified as the wife of Epiphanes and mother of Epiphanes’ children, through surviving honorific inscriptions and surviving honorific poetry dedicated to her. After Epiphanes married Capitolina, they settled and lived in the court of her father-in-law King Antiochus IV of Commagene. The relationship between Capitolina and Epiphanes is unknown. Capitolina bore Epiphanes in 65 their first son and child Gaius Julius Antiochus Epiphanes Philopappos in Samosata. 
Capitolina lived in Commagene from 64 until 72. In 72 Lucius Caesennius Paetus, the Roman Governor of Syria had sent letters addressed to Roman Emperor Vespasian accusing Antiochus IV; Epiphanes and Epiphanes’ brother Callinicus in planning to revolt against Rome and allying themselves with the King of Parthia. Paetus accused in these letters that Antiochus IV, Epiphanes and Callinicus of disloyalty to the Emperor. It is not known whether if these accusations were true or false. After reading the letters, Vespasian felt that he could longer trust the family of Antiochus IV and couldn’t trust them to protect the strategic crossing at the Euphrates River at Samosata. Vespasian gave orders to Antiochus IV to terminate his rule in Commagene. 
Paetus invaded the Kingdom of Commagene, as head of the Legio VI Ferrata. The client Kings Aristobulus of Chalcis and Sohaemus of Emesa also supplied troops to Paetus. They all arrived the night before the Battle. As Epiphanes and Callinicus prepared themselves that night for war, Antiochus IV was preparing to flee to Cilicia.
The next morning that the war was supposed to occur Epiphanes with Capitolina and their son with Callinicus out of fear of the Romans fled to the King of Parthia, while Antiochus IV also out of fear of the Romans fled to Cilicia. There is a possibility that Epiphanes and Callinicus had a short-lived attempt to resist invasion, before they fled to Parthia. 
The family of Antiochus IV had let their own army and the citizens of Commagene down. Antiochus IV and his family never considered to cause a war with Rome and they wanted to clear themselves of these accusations. Vespasian brought peacefully back to Rome, Epiphanes; Capitolina, their son with Callinicus in an honourable Roman Military Escort. Capitolina; Epiphanes, their son with Callinicus lived in Rome with Antiochus IV for the remainder of his life. Vespasian had given Antiochus IV and his family sufficient revenue to live on. Antiochus IV and his family had a glamorous life and were treated with great respect.
In 72, Capitolina bore Epiphanes another child, a daughter named Julia Balbilla in Rome. After the death of Antiochus IV, Capitolina; Epiphanes and their family moved and finally settled in Athens Greece. 
Capitolina’s father in 79 died. Balbilus was a friend to the first Roman Emperors, including Vespasian. Vespasian thought very highly of him and dedicated a sporting festival called the "Balbillean Games", named and held in honor of his memory which was held at Ephesus from 79 well into the 3rd century. 
In Ephesus, there are surviving inscriptions in Capitolina’s name and in her late father’s name. These surviving inscriptions are honorific ones, which dedicate and honor Capitolina as the daughter of Balbilus and as an honorary participate of the "Balbillean Games" at Ephesus.
After the death of Epiphanes in Athens in 92, Capitolina returned to Alexandria. Capitolina lived her remaining years in Egypt and married the politician Marcus Junius Rufus between 94-98. 
Her son remained in Athens where he became a prominent citizen. Her daughter became a prominent poet and became a travelling friend to the Roman Emperor Hadrian and wife Roman Empress Vibia Sabina. In a surviving poem written by Balbilla dedicated to the memory to her parents and her grandfathers, Balbilla describes her parents as ‘pious’ people and writes very highly of her ancestry.

</doc>
<doc id="19184272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184272" title="Punch-Out!!">
Punch-Out!!

__TOC__
Gameplay.
Playing as a diminutive boxer called Little Mac, the player must climb the ranks of the World Video Boxing Association. Gameplay differs slightly between each game, but generally, the player can attack with his left and right fists, at the head or the body, and can also dodge and block to avoid the opponent's attacks. Many games in the series give the player a powerful uppercut ability; its use is limited, and must be earned during matches.
The key to defeating each opponent is to learn their fighting patterns, avoid their attacks and respond with a counterattack. Opponents will often give a visual or audible cue to signal their attacks. If the player successfully dodges an attack, the opponent will be left vulnerable for a while, allowing the player to strike back. The player can defeat enemy boxers by knocking them down for a count of 10, downing them three times in one round for a TKO, or by a referee's decision.
Characters.
Other appearances in media.
The series has made multiple appearances in other games as well. The SNES version of "Super Punch-Out!!" was included in the Nintendo GameCube version of Electronic Arts' "Fight Night Round 2". Along with that, the protagonist of the SNES version of "Super Punch-Out!!" appears as a secret boxer in full 3D with the name "MAC" on his boxers and was referred to as "Little Mac" as part of the Nintendo-exclusives deal between Nintendo and EA in allowing a few characters from the Mario franchise to star in "NBA Street V3" and "SSX on Tour", but, due to the third-party nature of his role in the game, while originally being a nameable character with a different look compared to the original Little Mac and not have a default name, it is considered by several fans of the series, especially those of the NES versions, to be uncanon; however, when the Virtual Console release of the Super NES version of "Super Punch-Out!!" was released, the official details for the game in the Wii Shop Channel referred to the protagonist as "Little Mac". A review of this version by Chris Scullion of Official Nintendo Magazine also referred to the protagonist as "Little Mac" as well. His latest cameo appearance is in skip Ltd.'s Wii video game called "Captain Rainbow", where the title character has to help him get in shape to regain his championship title. Little Mac also appears as an assist trophy in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" and will appear as a playable character in the upcoming "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U". 
A short story about the NES "Punch-Out!!" titles was made for the Nintendo Comics System.

</doc>
<doc id="19184274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184274" title="Imre Csermelyi">
Imre Csermelyi

Imre Csermelyi (born 29 August 1988 in Kapuvár) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Lombard-Pápa TFC.

</doc>
<doc id="19184276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184276" title="2008 NASCAR Canadian Tire Series season">
2008 NASCAR Canadian Tire Series season

The 2008 NASCAR Canadian Tire Series was an exciting season of racing and the second season of the series. Scott Steckly, who dominated many events He won three of the first four events of the year fought off a late season charge from Thomson Jr. to become the series second ever champion winning by a margin of 24 points. British Columbia native Jason White was the rookie of the year beating Anthony Simone. Past CASCAR champion Peter Gibbons decided to retire after a lengthy career. 

</doc>
<doc id="19184371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184371" title="Yatsugatake-Chūshin Kōgen Quasi-National Park">
Yatsugatake-Chūshin Kōgen Quasi-National Park

Like all quasi-national parks in Japan, the park is managed by the prefectural government.
See also.
Mountains:

</doc>
<doc id="19184373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184373" title="List of reflexes (by organ)">
List of reflexes (by organ)

This is a list of reflexes by organ:

</doc>
<doc id="19184383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184383" title="Scott Kuhn">
Scott Kuhn

Scott Ryan Kuhn (born April 16, 1986 in Burlington, Kentucky) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Louisville.
Kuhn has also been a member of the Las Vegas Locomotives.

</doc>
<doc id="19184387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184387" title="Marcus Junius Rufus">
Marcus Junius Rufus

Marcus Junius Rufus was a Roman Politician of the Roman Empire, who lived in the 1st century. Rufus was a member of the ancient, noble and politician influential Junius (gens). 
Rufus in 94, during the reign of Roman Emperor Domitian, was appointed as Prefect of Egypt. He was a prefect of Egypt from 94 until 98. During his time in Egypt he married a prominent Egyptian Greek woman called Claudia Capitolina, who was the daughter Equestrian Magistrate, Astrologer and Scholar Tiberius Claudius Balbilus. 
Rufus married Capitolina as her second husband, as Captiolina’s first husband Greek Prince of Commagene Gaius Julius Archelaus Antiochus Epiphanes had died in Athens, Greece in 92. Through her first marriage, Rufus became a stepfather to Captiolina’s children who were: son Gaius Julius Antiochus Epiphanes Philopappos and daughter Julia Balbilla. 
In October 98 during the reign of Roman Emperor Trajan, Rufus’ time as prefect of Egypt was over and he was replaced. After this moment, nothing is known on Rufus.

</doc>
<doc id="19184388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184388" title="Ərəbşahverdi, Goychay">
Ərəbşahverdi, Goychay

Ərəbşahverdi (also, Arabshakhverdi) is a village in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Mallı-Şıxlı. 

</doc>
<doc id="19184409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184409" title="Paul Brasack">
Paul Brasack

Paul Brasack (9 May 1916 – 11 March 2013) was a "Kapitänleutnant" with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and commander of . He was born in Stettin. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
As a U-boat commander Brasack was not credited with sinking any ships. His U-boat was part of a wolf pack which operated against Convoy JW 56A and Convoy JW 56B. He fired at the destroyer HMS "Milne" on 31 January 1944, but missed, the torpedo exploded in the destroyers wake. His actions against the convoys pulled off the escorting destroyers enabling other U-boats of his wolf pack to attack. For these actions he was awarded the Knight's Cross.
Following World War 2, Brasack joined the military service in the Bundeswehr of the Federal Republic of Germany on 1 October 1957. He commanded the destroyer "Zerstörer 2" (D171) (formerly USS "Ringgold" (DD-500)) from September 1962 until March 1964. From 15 September 1968 to 1 September 1971 he served as naval attaché at the German Embassy in Washington, D.C..

</doc>
<doc id="19184412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184412" title="Hovsep Aznavur">
Hovsep Aznavur

Hovsep Aznavur (1854, London – June 1935, Cairo) was an Ottoman Armenian architect. He is noted for his construction plans for the Bulgarian St. Stephen Church of Istanbul, Turkey.
Born in London in 1854, Aznavur's family moved to Constantinople in 1867. Aznavur completed his studies at the Academy of Fine Arts in Rome. He was active in Armenian community life. In 1921, he became a founding member of the Ramgavar Party, one of the three major historic Armenian political parties. He escaped from Constantinople after the Armenian Genocide and died at the end of June 1935 in Cairo, Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="19184418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184418" title="John Church Hamilton">
John Church Hamilton

John Church Hamilton (August 22, 1792 − July 25, 1882) was the fourth son, fifth child of the founding father Alexander Hamilton.
Early life and education.
John Hamilton was twelve years old when his father was killed in a duel with presidential candidate Aaron Burr.
After graduating from Columbia College in 1809, he served in the U.S. Army during the War of 1812 from March to June 1814 with the rank of second lieutenant. 
During this time he served as an aide de camp to Major General, and future president, William Henry Harrison.
Work.
Professionally he was a historian and lawyer, and devoted decades to writing about the life of his father and sorting through his letters and other papers. "The Life of Alexander Hamilton" and a seven-volume "History of the republic of the United States of America" are among several books that he published about his father's life.
Family.
Gen. Schuyler Hamilton (1822–1903) was his son.
Obituary.
His obituary appeared in the New York Times and reads:
John Church Hamilton, a son of Alexander Hamilton, the first Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, died early yesterday morning in the Stockton cottage, on Ocean avenue, Long Branch. He had been failing from extreme old age for several months, but the immediate cause of his death was a complication of jaundice and ("?"). Mr. Hamilton was born in Philadelphia in 1792, while his father was Secretary of the Treasury and was only 14 years old when the latter was killed in the famous duel with Aaron Burr. He graduated from Columbia College in this city in 1809 and afterwards studied law. Subsequently he entered the United States Army and during the War of 1812 served as Aide-de-camp on the staff of Major General Harrison. He does not appear, however, to have been actually engaged in the field. In June, 1814, he resigned his position in the Army and returned to private life. He did not apply himself to the practice of law, but, having strong literary tastes, devoted himself to the study of history, with a view to writing his father's life. Between 1834 and 1840 he published the "Memoirs of the Life of Alexander Hamilton," in two volumes, octavo, which brought Hamilton's life down to the adoption of the Federal Constitution. Two more volumes were expected but did not appear. In 1851 he published "The World of Alexander Hamilton" in 7 volumes, octavo, and in 1858 "A History of the Republic as Traced in the Writings of Alexander Hamilton" in 2 volumes, octavo.("ed. note: These titles are not correct"). He also published an addition ("sic") of " The Federalist," with notes and comments, which was highly praised by the late Horace Greeley. Mr. Hamilton's opinions on economical subjects were at different times solicited by Judge ("William") Lawrence, First Controller of the Treasury; General Grant and latterly, by President Arthur. In politics, Mr. Hamilton was at first a Whig and afterwards an ardent Republican. He, however, never held an office, although he was years ago an unsuccessful candidate for Congress in a district of this city. Not quite two years ago Mr. Hamilton presented to this city the statue of Alexander Hamilton which stands upon a little knoll in Central Park near the Metropolitan Museum of Art. At the unveiling of the statue, on November 23rd , 1880 Mr. Hamilton said: "Upon a base of granite rock with a tracing of forest trees marking its central position and valuing the sympathies of this distinguished assemblage, I present it to this great Metropolis through your honor, (Edward Cooper) its esteemed Mayor. Though preferring it were the act of others, I may be permitted to avow a trust near the close of a century of our natural existence, time having developed the utility of his public services and the lessons of his polity, that this memorial may aid in their being recalled and usefully appreciated under the blessing of a Constitution ordained and established by the people of the United States of America. " Mr. Hamilton married a daughter of John Cornelius Van den Huevel, a prominent and wealthy merchant of this city. His wife died in 1872. 9 Children survive him. The sons are General Schuyler Hamilton, who served with distinction in the Mexican War and also the War of the Rebellion; Judge Charles Hamilton, of the Supreme Court of Wisconsin ("ed. note: He was actually a judge on one of the circuit courts"); William G. Hamilton, the consulting engineer of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company; and Alexander Hamilton of Westchester County. One of his daughters married Major General Halleck, and, after his death Major General George Cullum. Another is the wife of ex-Judge Charles A. Peabody. Three of his daughters - Charlotte A., Adelaide, and Alice- are unmarried. Mr. Hamilton's remains were brought to this city from Long Branch yesterday afternoon. The funeral services will be held in Trinity Church at 12 tomorrow."

</doc>
<doc id="19184421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184421" title="Random Album Title">
Random Album Title

Random Album Title is the third studio album by house producer deadmau5. Released on the labels Mau5trap Recordings, Ministry of Sound and Ultra Records, it is deadmau5's breakthrough album and his first to stylize names and titles using the now-familiar "Arial Black" font. The album contains the singles "Faxing Berlin", "Not Exactly", and deadmau5's collaboration with Kaskade "I Remember". It was released physically in Ireland on October 3, 2008 and in the UK on October 6, 2008. In the United States, and Canada, there are two versions of the album, Unmixed (UL1905) and Mixed (UL1868). It was released September 2, 2008 digitally (beatport.com, iTunes, etc.), and was released physically worldwide on November 4.
Following the success of the single "I Remember" in the UK, "Random Album Title" entered the UK Top 75 Albums chart at #31 in May 2009. A video for "I Remember" was released in early 2009. "Faxing Berlin" appears in "At Play", which is 6:17 longer compared to the mixed album version's length.
The track "Arguru" was written in memory of Juan Antonio Arguelles Rius, a well-known audio-software developer and musician. The song's composition is similar to that of "I Said", deadmau5's 2010 collaboration with Chris Lake, who also co-wrote the track.
The track "Slip" is named for its recurrent hook, which intentionally falls out of time with the song.
The track "Brazil (2nd Edit)" has been used numerous times by other artists. Kylie Minogue sampled the song in the sessions for her album "Aphrodite" in an unreleased song named "Change Your Mind". Alexis Jordan also used the song on her debut single, "Happiness". It has also been used by Taio Cruz in his song "Touch the Sky". It was used as a remixed mash-up for Haley Gibby's 2010 recording "Falling in Love," billed as "Falling in Love With Brazil."
The first edit of "Brazil" has seen no official release but may be found online at sites such as YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="19184444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184444" title="One Day University">
One Day University

One Day University is an adult education program founded by Steven Schragis and John Galvin in 2006. The program's one-day sessions feature four or five lectures by leading American university professors. Originally based in the New York City area, the program has spread to Boston, Philadelphia, Washington, Florida and California. It hosts events at leading colleges including Villanova, Babson and the College of Saint Elizabeth.
The school's faculty include Pulitzer Prize winners Jack Rakove and Gordon Wood, Bard College president Leon Botstein, social critic Andrew Delbanco, Clinton White House advisor Christine Heenan, Holocaust historian Jonathan Steinberg, philosopher Tamar Gendler, psychologist Paul Bloom, and legal scholar Akhil Reed Amar.
In 2009, One Day University was acquired by Bill Zanker and The Learning Annex to bring the live One Day University experience online for students around the world.
One Day University held its biggest event ever on Sunday, October 4, 2009 at the Hilton Hotel in New York City. 5,000 students from around the country attended One Day U to learn from 17 professors from top tier schools, along with keynote speaker and Harvard professor Alan Dershowitz. One year later, on October 3, 2010, 4,000 students returned to the Hilton in New York for another mega learning event. Faculty on that day included former New York State Governor Mario Cuomo and award-winning writer and Princeton professor Joyce Carol Oates. Hollywood legend and UCLA professor Peter Guber taught at the March 13, 2011 event in New York City.
In 2011, One Day University was reacquired by original founder Steven Schragis and a group of investors.

</doc>
<doc id="19184482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184482" title="John Kirkpatrick">
John Kirkpatrick

John Kirkpatrick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19184490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184490" title="Bernicia (disambiguation)">
Bernicia (disambiguation)

Bernicia could mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19184492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184492" title="I Am Your Clock">
I Am Your Clock

I Am Your Clock is a 1990 EP released by Lard. The one sided 12" was released with a limited edition of the album "The Last Temptation of Reid". The track was later included with the CD version of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19184506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184506" title="Juan Perez (friar)">
Juan Perez (friar)

Juan Pérez, O.F.M. Conv., (died before 1513) was a Spanish friar of the Conventual Franciscans and companion of Christopher Columbus.
Life.
At one time Pérez held the office of "contador" (accountant) to the Queen of Spain, showing he was of noble family. Later he entered the Franciscan Order and Queen Isabella chose him for her confessor. 
Finding court life distracting he asked permission to retire to his friary. Soon after he was elected guardian of the friary in La Rábida, near Palos in Andalusia. Father Francisco Gonzaga, Minister General of the Observant branch of the Order (1579–87), declared that La Rábida belonged to the Franciscan Custody of Seville, which, by decree of Pope Alexander VI on 21 September 1500, was raised to the rank of a province.
Here Christopher Columbus in 1484 or 1485 made the acquaintance of Pérez. Friar Antonio de Marchena, a cosmographer of some note, also lived there, and in him the navigator discovered a man bent on the project of discovering a new world. The historian Francisco Lopez Gomara in 1552 seems to have started the blunder, copied by almost every subsequent writer on the subject, of making the two names Perez and Marchena serve to describe one and the same person by speaking of the Father Guardian of La Rábida as Friar Juan Perez de Marchena.
Both friars materially assisted Columbus, who acknowledges his obligation in one of his letters to the king and queen. He writes that everybody ridiculed him, save two friars who always remained faithful. Martín Fernández de Navarrete, indeed, claims that Columbus in this passage spoke of Pérez, the Franciscan, and Diego de Deza, the Dominican.
It was Pérez who persuaded the navigator not to leave Spain without consulting Isabella, when, footsore and dispirited, he arrived at La Rábida, determined to submit his plan to the King of France. At the invitation of the queen, Pérez made a journey to Santa Fe for a personal interview with her. As a result Columbus was recalled, and with the assistance of Cardinal Mendoza and others his demands were finally granted.
When the navigator at last on 3 August 1492, set sail in the "Santa María", Pérez blessed him and his fleet. Some writers assert that Pérez accompanied Columbus on the first voyage, but the silence of Columbus on this point renders the claim improbable. It appears certain, however, that Pérez joined his friend on the second voyage in 1493. The earliest and best writers also agree: that when the second expedition reached Hispaniola, Pérez celebrated the first Mass in the New World at Point Conception on 8 December 1493, in a temporary structure; that this was the first church in America; and that Pérez preserved the Blessed Sacrament there. He also became the guardian of the first friary which Columbus ordered to be erected in Santo Domingo. There all trace of him is lost. Whether he returned to La Rábida or died in America is uncertain. All we know is that, in the legal dispute between Diego and Columbus, the royal "fiscal" (attorney general), Dr. García Hernándes, testified in 1513 that Pérez was then dead.

</doc>
<doc id="19184536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184536" title="Porlock Bay, Papua New Guinea">
Porlock Bay, Papua New Guinea

Porlock Bay is a bay within Dyke Ackland Bay, Oro Province of Papua New Guinea named by Captain John Moresby after Porlock Bay in Somerset, England.
The harbour, known as "Porlock Harbour", within the bay was utilised by the American and Australian armed forces as a safe anchorage and supply depot during World War II. A battery of anti-aircraft guns was positioned at Cody's Point.

</doc>
<doc id="19184538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184538" title="Dianops">
Dianops

Dianops is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Devonian in what is now Germany. It was described by Richter and Richter in 1923, and the type species is "Dianops limbatus", which was originally described under the genus "Phacops" by Richter in 1848. The type locality was in Saalfeld, Thuringia.

</doc>
<doc id="19184543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184543" title="Curtis Johnson (linebacker)">
Curtis Johnson (linebacker)

Curtis Johnson (born February 16, 1985) is an American football linebacker for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. He was signed by the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Clark Atlanta.
Johnson has also been a member of the Dallas Cowboys, St. Louis Rams, and New Orleans Saints.
Early years.
Johnson was born in Lauderhill, Florida and was raised in Clay, New York. He attended Cicero-North Syracuse High School and was two-time Section III all-state selection and added All-Central New York honors and Post-Standard All-CNY honors at running back.
College career.
He was a two-year letterman who started 21 career games at Clark College and totaled 187 tackles, 119 solo, for career. He made 112 tackles, 69 solo as a senior he started eleven games and was named College-division All-America. He finished first in nation in Division II with 2.5 tackles for loss average per game and was voted SIAC Player-of-the-Week four times. He started 10 games as junior and made 75 tackles, 50 solo, including 18 tackles for losses and ranked 1st in nation for Division II with nine FF. He had five sacks for 49 yards in losses and was two-time All-Northeast Football Conference First-Team selection at DE at Morrisville State College. There he posted 152 tackles and 72 solo in two years and had 12 sacks as freshman and started 10 games at DE.
Professional career.
Indianapolis Colts.
He was signed by the Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2008. As a rookie he appeared in seven games as reserve defensive end and special teamer and made five defensive tackles, two solo, and one sack. He also had six solo special teams tackles.
Johnson was waived/injured on August 31, 2009.
Dallas Cowboys.
Johnson was claimed off waivers by the Dallas Cowboys on September 1, 2009 and moved to outside linebacker in the team's 3-4 defense. The team waived offensive lineman Greg Isdaner to make room for Johnson.
St. Louis Rams.
On September 5, 2010, the St. Louis Rams signed Johnson to their practice squad.
Toronto Argonauts.
On May 10, 2012, Johnson was signed by the Toronto Argonauts.

</doc>
<doc id="19184551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184551" title="Diaphanometopus">
Diaphanometopus

Diaphanometopus is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida. It is known from the Lower Ordovician of Russia (Oeland series, Pavlovsk).

</doc>
<doc id="19184554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184554" title="Jeremy Hubbard">
Jeremy Hubbard

Jeremy David Hubbard (born August 19, 1972) in Glenwood Springs,Colorado is an American news anchor for KDVR-TV and KWGN-TV in Denver. He was a New York-based correspondent for ABC News, and reported for all ABC News broadcasts and platforms, including Good Morning America, World News with Diane Sawyer, and Nightline.
Education.
Hubbard grew up in western Colorado and moved to Utah and Garden City, Kansas, before graduating from high school in Newton, Kansas in 1991. He graduated from Wichita State University in 1996. .
Career.
Prior to his assignment at the anchor desk, Hubbard was a Chicago-based correspondent for "NewsOne", the affiliate news service of ABC News. NewsOne provides live and packaged news reports for more than 200 affiliates and clients in the U.S. and around the world.
Hubbard joined the network in spring 2007 and has reported on politics, the economy, severe weather and breaking news. Most recently, he covered several national stories for NewsOne, including the deadly campus shootings at Northern Illinois University, and last month's ["when?"] string of tornadoes that ravaged the southern U.S.
Before joining ABC News, Hubbard was a reporter and anchor at KDVR-TV in Denver, where he covered the battle over illegal immigration. He traveled to the Mexican border, documenting the efforts of the controversial Minuteman Project to keep illegal immigrants from entering the U.S. Hubbard wrote, produced, and reported "Battle for the Border", an award-winning documentary on the issue.
From 1998-2004, Hubbard worked at KMBC-TV in Kansas City, where he covered several high-profile national stories. He reported from Texas after the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster, and traveled to Terre Haute, Indiana for the execution of convicted Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh. Hubbard co-produced, co-wrote and anchored "Eye for an Eye", an award-winning documentary about McVeigh's execution.
From March 2008 to July 2010, Jeremy Hubbard was co-anchor of ABC's early morning news programs, "World News Now" and "America This Morning", with Vinita Nair.
Hubbard left ABC News May 20, 2011 and returned to KDVR-TV and its sister station KWGN-TV as a news anchor.
Honors/Awards.
Hubbard has been recognized with several honors for his reporting, including a national Edward R. Murrow and the national Sigma Delta Chi Award from the Society of Professional Journalists. He won three regional Edward R. Murrow Awards and regional Emmy Awards for both reporting and anchoring.

</doc>
<doc id="19184556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184556" title="Manuel de Araújo">
Manuel de Araújo

Manuel de Araújo is a Mozambican politician for the constituency of central Zambezia. Currently, Dr. Araujo is the Mayor of Quelimane Municipality, after winning in a landslide election (63%) on 7 December 2011. He was educated in Mozambique (BA Hons), Zimbabwe (MPS), and in the UK both at the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London (MSc) and at the University of East Anglia (PhD).
Manuel de Araújo worked for Amnesty International at its headquarters in London as Campaigner for the Portuguese and Spanish African Speaking countries and then as The Campaign Coordinator for the Southern African Development Community Human Rights and Policing Project. Manuel de Araújo was Deputy Chair of the International Affairs Committee in the Mozambican Parliament. He was the Vice-President of the Parliamentary Forum on Small Arms and Light Weapons and also the Founder and Chairperson of the Centre for Mozambican and International Studies (CEMO).

</doc>
<doc id="19184576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184576" title="Didrepanon">
Didrepanon

Didrepanon is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Silurian in what is now England. It was described by Lane in 1971, and the type species is "Didrepanon falcatum". The type locality was in Sedgley.

</doc>
<doc id="19184600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184600" title="Vəlixanlı">
Vəlixanlı

Vəlixanlı or Velikhanly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19184606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184606" title="Dienstina">
Dienstina

Dienstina is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Germany. It was described by Richter and Richter in 1931, and the type species is "Dienstina diensti", which the authors had originally assigned to the genus "Phacopidella" in 1923. The type locality was in Oberscheld, Rhenish Massif.

</doc>
<doc id="19184621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184621" title="Marchena (surname)">
Marchena (surname)

Marchena is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19184626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184626" title="Digonus">
Digonus

Digonus is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Germany. It was described by Gurich in 1909, and the type species is "Digonus gigas", which was originally described under the genus "Homalonotus" by Roemer in 1843. It also contains the species "Digonus accraensis" and "Digonus noticus" (both of which were formerly placed in "Burmeisteria"), "Digonus vialai", and "Digonus zemmourensis". The type locality was in the Harz mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="19184631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184631" title="Husain Abdullah">
Husain Abdullah

Husain Ibn Muhammed Abdullah (born July 27, 1985) is an American football safety for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Washington State. He is the younger brother of former Arizona Cardinals' safety Hamza Abdullah.
High school.
Abdullah attended Pomona High School and was most well known for his athletics. In high school, Abdullah received many honorable awards as he represented his school football team as captain. Abdullah is a defensive back and also is a contributor to the special teams unit as a kick returner. During Abdullah's sophomore year, he was awarded the team's Defensive MVP and was nominated as Rookie of the Year. During his junior year, Abdullah won the All-Inland Valley award and as a senior, Abdullah stood as the number 9 ranked safety in the west coast.
NFL career.
Abdullah was an undrafted rookie who later signed with the Minnesota Vikings. He served as a backup from 2008 to 2009. Before the 2010 season he was named the starting strong safety, the competition in the offseason and preseason was thought to be between Tyrell Johnson and Jamarca Sanford, but Abdullah won the job. During the 2011 season, Abdullah became the starting free safety.
Personal information.
Abdullah is the son to Yusuf and Sa'eeda Johnwell. He lived in a very large family, one of twelve children. As a practicing Muslim, Abdullah observes fasting in Ramadan—even during the football season. He sat out the 2012-2013 season to make Hajj, a required Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca.

</doc>
<doc id="19184638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184638" title="Dindymene (genus)">
Dindymene (genus)

Dindymene is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida. It contains two species, "D. didymograpti", and "D. hughesiae".

</doc>
<doc id="19184642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184642" title="David Lloyd (priest)">
David Lloyd (priest)

David Lloyd (or Lloyde) (c.1688 – 1747?) was a Welsh translator and cleric.
Lloyd was the son of Phillip Lloyde of St David's, Pembrokeshire, south Wales. He matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford in December 1707 at the age of 19, obtaining his BA degree in 1712 and his MA degree in 1714. He was ordained deacon in 1711 and priest in 1712 by John Tyler, Bishop of Llandaff. In 1713 he was appointed to the parish of Llandefalle, Breconshire and in 1717 also to the parish of Cefnllys in Radnorshire. He held these positions until his death, which was before October 1747. He translated William King's "A Discourse concerning the Inventions of Man in the Worship of God" (1694) into Welsh as "".

</doc>
<doc id="19184656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184656" title="List of USC Trojans football seasons">
List of USC Trojans football seasons

This is a list of seasons completed by the USC Trojans college football team since its conception in 1888.
Seasons.
†USC football committed NCAA violations and the NCAA vacated the last 2 wins in 2004, all wins from 2005, 2004 BCS Championship and Pacific-10 Conference titles from both years.

</doc>
<doc id="19184658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184658" title="Christian Dlopst">
Christian Dlopst

Christian Dlopst (born 23 February 1989) is an Austria born Austrian Soccer player that currently playing for SAK Klagenfurt. He joins FC Karnten in 2006 from SK Austria Kärnten and leave 2008 the club to was on SAK Klagenfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="19184661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184661" title="Ole Frithjof Klemsdal">
Ole Frithjof Klemsdal

Ole Frithjof Klemsdal (26 July 1923 – 18 August 2008) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Vest-Agder in 1981, and was re-elected on one occasion. He had previously served in the position of deputy representative during the term 1973–1977.
Born in Mandal, he was a member of Mandal city council from 1953 to 1963, serving as deputy mayor from 1957 to 1958.
He had education from a business school and a technical school, and spent most of his career as an administrator at Mandal Motorfabrikk.

</doc>
<doc id="19184697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184697" title="List of beaches in India">
List of beaches in India

This is a list of the notable beaches in India. List is sorted by states anti-clockwise.
West coast.
Gujarat.
The beaches along the western state of Gujarat are:
Maharashtra.
The state of Maharashtra has
Goa.
The beaches in the state of Goa are listed below.
Kerala.
The beaches in Kerala state are:
See also : Beaches in Kerala
East coast.
Tamil Nadu.
The beaches in the southern state of Tamil Nadu are:
Andhra Pradesh.
The following are the beaches in Andhra Pradesh, India
Odisha.
The beaches in Odisha are:
West Bengal.
The beaches in West Bengal are:
Others.
The beaches in Andaman and Nicobar Islands:

</doc>
<doc id="19184709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184709" title="José Roberto Figueroa">
José Roberto Figueroa

José Roberto Figueroa Padilla, also known as Macho, (born 15 December 1959 in Coyoles, Olanchito) is a retired Honduran footballer who played as a forward, in Honduras for Motagua, Vida and in Spain for Real Murcia and Hércules. He also represented Honduras at the 1982 FIFA World Cup.
Club career.
"Macho" Figueroa was a forward his best technical movements was a powerful shot. After a great participation with Honduras in the 1982 FIFA World Cup, his services were acquired by Real Murcia of the Spanish Second Division. By dint of goals, Figueroa contributed to his team will return to the La Liga. His league debut was against Real Sociedad where he had a good afternoon scoring two goals. He scored eleven goals in each of the two seasons he played in La Liga. A hat trick he did to Málaga on the third day of the 1984–85 season earned him get to lead the list of top scorers in the category. Over time, Macho with his goals became one of the most important players in the history of Real Murcia.
He finished his career at the team where he started his professional career, Vida, after a stint in Costa Rica with Cartaginés.
International career.
Figueroa made his debut for Honduras in 1980 and earned at least 28 caps, scoring 13 goals. He has represented his country in 19 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and was part of the 1982 FIFA World Cup squad in Spain, where he played all 3 matches.
Managerial career.
In October 2012, he was named sporting director of Honduran Second Division side Real Sociedad after he lived in the USA for 14 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19184752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184752" title="Moment in the Sun">
Moment in the Sun

"Moment in the Sun" is the fourth track and second single from Australian rock band The Living End's fifth studio album, "White Noise". The song was released to radio on 25 September 2008 and had its physical (as well as digital) release on 25 October 2008.
"Moment in the Sun" debuted on its first week of release (November 2008) at #100 on the ARIA Singles Chart, remaining in the chart for one week.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Chris Cheney.

</doc>
<doc id="19184754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184754" title="D19">
D19

D19, D.19 or D-19 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19184801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184801" title="Sharif Kabungsuwan">
Sharif Kabungsuwan

Shariff Muhammed Kabungsuwan (Malay: "Muhammad Kebungsuan") was the first Sultan of Maguindanao in the Philippines. A native of Johor in Maritime Southeast Asia, Kabungsuwan re-settled in Mindanao in the Philippines where he preached Islam to the native tribes around the region.
Kabungsuwan invaded Malabang, Cotabato, facing armed resistance from the non-Muslim natives, nevertheless successfully vanquishing and subjugating them to his (Islamic) rule through the might of his Samal warriors.
Kabungsuwan was of Arab-Malay ethnicity. He married a local princess and established the Sultanate of Maguindanao in the 16th century. The sultanate was usually centered in the valley of Cotabato.
The former province of Shariff Kabunsuan in the Philippines was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19184816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184816" title="Red Panda Adventures">
Red Panda Adventures

The Red Panda Adventures is a lighthearted radio drama series in the style of old time radio that follows the 1930s adventures of "Canada's greatest superhero", the Red Panda, and his trusty sidekick, the "fearless fighting female", the Flying Squirrel, as they protect the citizens of Toronto, Ontario from villains ranging from gangsters and supervillains to the supernatural forces of darkness. The series was created by Gregg Taylor of Decoder Ring Theatre and earned the company multiple Podcast Award and Parsec Award nominations. In 2010 the series won the Parsec Award for excellence in Speculative Fiction Audio Drama (Long Form), and earned Decoder Ring Theatre the Podcast Award for best podcast in the Cultural/Arts Category. The series has spawned a series of novels written within continuity and in the style of the classic pulp fiction stories of the 1930s and 1940s. "The Tales of the Red Panda" books includes the 2011 winner of the Pulp Ark Award for best New Pulp Fiction Novel, Tales of the Red Panda: The Android Assassins. Decoder Ring Theatre was profiled on the BBC Television program "Click" in February 2011, leading to new exposure for the Red Panda Adventures in the UK.
Current series.
Each season of "The Red Panda Adventures" runs for 12 episodes. Currently, a new episode is released on the first of every month, year-round.
"Tales of the Red Panda" Novels.
The "Tales of the Red Panda" novel series is written by Gregg Taylor and styled after Golden Age hero pulp magazines like "The Shadow", "Doc Savage" and "The Spider". The novels tell new stories set in the same continuity as the audio drama, with events from one sometimes being mentioned in the other.
"Mask of the Red Panda" Comics.
Announced on December 13, 2012 on the official Facebook page, "Mask of the Red Panda" is a 3-issue digital comic miniseries available via Comixology. The first issue was released February 27, 2013, and has received positive reviews. As with the novels, it features an all new story in the same continuity, written by Gregg Taylor. The art is provided by Dean Kotz, and it is published by MonkeyBrain Comics.
After the initial three-issue series a Kickstarter campaign was run to create a "full-cast video comic" of the series. The intent was to raise money for not only the video, but also to fund new issues of the comic. At the close of the campaign, Taylor announced that enough money had been raised to provide for at least 8 new issues of the series. His plan is to do four 2-part stories.
Dramatis Personae.
The Forces of Evil.
Former Foes
Foes Mentioned But Never Seen
Original Universe Red Panda Mini-Series.
Recorded years earlier, the original "Red Panda" mini-series was made up of six episodes set during World War II and was the original appearance of the Red Panda character. The name and the character's hypnotic powers are all that remain of the original Red Panda in the current series of podcasts. In episode 24 of "The Red Panda Adventures", it was revealed that the world of these stories still exists in an alternate universe from which travel is possible. The original series had a far sillier tone, parodying many tropes of the patriotic superhero radio dramas of the 1940s, right down to product placement and appeals to buy war bonds. The lack of punching/kicking sound effects during fight scenes (mostly composed of enraged grunting and cries of agony) in the series unwittingly adds to the hilarity of these episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="19184874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184874" title="Phra Rod Meree">
Phra Rod Meree

Phra Rod Meree () is a 1981 Thai fantasy film. Directed by Sompote Sands, it is one of the most successful Thai feature films ever made in Thailand. 
The story is based on The Twelve Sisters, a Thai folklore myth that originated in one of the Jataka tales. This same story was also adapted into a Thai fantasy lakhon.
Plot.
Twelve girls are abandoned by their parents because they are too poor to take care of them. The twelve daughters are rescued by an ogress (yaksha) in disguise who promises to take care about them as her own daughters. 
Phra Rodasan (Phra Rod), the only surviving son of the twelve sisters, goes on a quest to the ogre kingdom in order to heal his mother and his aunts' blindness. There he falls in love with the ogress' daughter, Meree.

</doc>
<doc id="19184988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19184988" title="Homerton Cricket Club">
Homerton Cricket Club

Homerton Cricket Club was based in Homerton, Hackney and was recognised as a first-class cricket team during the first decade of the 19th century. The club had been established in the 18th century and it first came to notice in 1800 when it played the strong Montpelier team. In 1801, Homerton defeated Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's Old Ground by 181 runs.
Homerton's first-class debut was in June 1804 when a combined MCC/Homerton XI lost to Hampshire at Lord's by 6 wkts.
Homerton's period of renown ended in 1808 when, despite four given men, the team was well-beaten by MCC in its last first-class match. In the same year, Homerton lost twice to an Essex XI in minor matches.
The club disappeared from the sources after 1808 and disbanded at some point. It must have lost personnel to military duties in the Napoleonic War which had a disastrous impact on cricket at the time.
Homerton Cricket Club was reconstituted in 2012 under Gary Horsman, then president of Chats Palace CC. The reconstitution was agreed at an extraordinary AGM and formalised by a unanimous vote in favour of the motion and the subsequent drafting of a new constitution which resurrected the club with immediate effect. 

</doc>
<doc id="19185041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185041" title="List of frequent flyer programs">
List of frequent flyer programs

Frequent-flyer programs are customer loyalty programs used by many passenger airlines. This is a list of current and former airlines with frequent-flyer programs, and the names of those programs.

</doc>
<doc id="19185068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185068" title="Győri ETO FC II">
Győri ETO FC II

Győri ETO FC II is the second team of Győri ETO FC and this year they play in the Western group of the Hungarian National Championship II.
Current squad.
"As of February 13, 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="19185076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185076" title="Taibah University">
Taibah University

Taibah University () is a university located in Medina, Saudi Arabia, established in 2003.
Establishment.
The Royal Decree under the number 22042 was issued to imply the approval of the resolution of the Council of Higher Education which implies the integration of the two campuses of Muhammad bin Saud University and King Abdulaziz University located in Medina into one independent university sited in Medina.
The Vision.
The University of Taibah is a distinguished university capable of competing with its counterparts of other Saudi and Arabian universities. It reflects the Islamic identity, relies on a deep-rooted past, coexist with the present, and forecast the future in correspondence with the social constants and variables, with affirmation on importance of providing equal chances of educational opportunities for all citizens in distinctively. In addition, the university is working on building an actual partnership with the community to introduce a new model compatible with how academic education should be organized, administered, and financed, on reinforcing academic and research abilities of the teaching staff, and reinforcing the abilities of university employees, administrators, information systems, and technologies.
The University of Taibah ensures the importance of continuous improvement to promote the quality of the environment of the educational community to consolidate the teaching process, academic research, and community service, by integration of different sciences; through advanced study and research programs to ready productive citizens capable of invention and competition at the world stage. The university also attempts to invest the available human resources, to discover talented members and staff to support national economy, and to implement distance education which encourage continuous learning and correspond to the increasing demand for higher educationin the age of satellites, globalization, and modernizations of the twenty onecentury.
Schools.
Taibah University includes 22 colleges. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="19185105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185105" title="São José da Barra">
São José da Barra

São José da Barra is a Brazilian municipality located in the southwest of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 6,701 people living in a total area of 312 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Sul e Sudoeste de Minas and to the micro-region of Passos. It became a municipality in 1948. The important hydroelectric plant of Furnas is located here.
Location.
The city center of São José da Barra is located at an elevation of 695 meters in the valley of the Rio Grande, a short distance northeast of regional center, Passos. Neighboring municipalities are: São João Batista do Glória and Capitólio (N), Guapé (E), Carmo do Rio Claro (SE), Alpinópolis (S), and Passos (W). 
Distances
History.
The city is also known as Nova Barra since it used to lie on the banks of the Rio Grande, where that river was joined by the Rio Sapucaí. When Furnas was built this old settlement was flooded and a new one was built.
Economic Activities.
Services, energy production from the Furnas dam, and agriculture are the main economic activities. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$434 million, with 82 million reais from taxes, 33 million reais from services, 300 million reais from industry, and 18 million reais from agriculture. The biggest employer was energy production with 250 workers in 2005. In the rural area there were 204 producers on 16,000 hectares of land. Approximately 1400 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are coffee, beans, and corn. There were 9,000 head of cattle, of which 3,500 were milk cows (2006). The poultry industry is substantial. 
There were 2 banks (2007). In the vehicle fleet there were 782 automobiles, 69 trucks, 82 pickup trucks, 24 buses, and 220 motorcycles (2007).
Health and Education.
In the health sector there were 5 health clinics (2005). Educational needs of 1,670 students were attended to by 5 primary schools, 2 middle schools, and 4 pre-primary schools. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$278.00 was above the state average of R$276.00 and below the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19185109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185109" title="George Phillips (canon lawyer)">
George Phillips (canon lawyer)

George Phillips (born at Königsberg, 6 September 1804; died at Vienna, 6 September 1872) was a German canon lawyer.
Life.
He was the son of James Phillips, an Englishman who had acquired wealth as a merchant in Königsberg, and of a Scotchwoman née Hay. On completing his course at the gymnasium, George studied law at the Universities of Berlin and Göttingen (1822–24); his principal teachers were von Savigny and Karl Friedrich Eichhorn, and, under the influence of the latter, he devoted himself mainly to the study of Germanic law. 
After obtaining the degree of Doctor of Law at Göttingen in 1824, he paid a long visit to England. In 1826 he qualified at Berlin as "Privatdozent" (tutor) for German law, and in 1827 was appointed professor extraordinary in this faculty. In the same year he married Charlotte Housselle, who belonged to a French Protestant family settled in Berlin. Phillips formed a close friendship with his colleague K. E. Jarcke, professor at Berlin since 1825, who had entered the Catholic Church in 1824. Jarcke's influence and his own studies on medieval Germany led to the conversion of Phillips and his wife in 1828 (14 May). 
Jarcke having moved to Vienna in 1832, Phillips accepted in 1833 a call to Munich as counsel in the Bavarian Ministry of the Interior. In 1834 he was named professor of history, and a few months later professor of law at the University of Munich. He now joined a Catholic circle including Joseph Görres, Johann Adam Möhler, Ignaz von Döllinger, and Johann Nepomuk von Ringseis. In 1838 he founded with Guido Görres the militant "Historischpolitische Blätter". 
In consequence of the Lola Montez affair, in connexion with which Phillips signed, with six other Munich professors, an address of sympathy with the dismissed minister Abel, he was relieved of his chair in 1847. In 1848 he was elected deputy of a Münster district for the National Assembly of Frankfort, at which he upheld Catholic interests. In 1850, after declining a call as professor to Würzburg, he accepted the chair of German law at Innsbruck. Invited to fill the same chair in Vienna in 1851, he moved to the Austrian capital, and remained there until his death. 
In 1862-7 he accepted a long leave of absence to complete his "Kirchenrecht". He always maintained his relations with his friends in Munich and other cities of Germany, and never relaxed as a Catholic activist
Works.
As a writer, his labours lay in the domain of German law, canon law, and their respective histories. At first his activity was directed mainly towards German law his principal contributions on the subject being: 
After his call to Munich, however, Phillips moved to a treatment of canon law from a strictly Catholic standpoint. In addition to numerous smaller treatises, he published in this domain: 
Phillips also published a "Lehrbuch des Kirchenrechts" (Ratisbon, 1859–62; 3rd ed. by Moufang, 1881) and "Vermischte Schriften" (3 vols., Ratisbon, 1856–60).

</doc>
<doc id="19185131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185131" title="Nebraska in the American Civil War">
Nebraska in the American Civil War

During the American Civil War (1861–65), Nebraska was still a territory of the United States, not achieving statehood until two years after the War.
Nebraska at the start of the Civil War.
Antebellum Nebraska Territory was a slavery-free region. The Kansas-Nebraska Act of 1854 had established the 40th parallel north as the dividing line between the territories of Kansas and Nebraska. It had also repealed the Missouri Compromise of 1820 and allowed settlers in those territories to determine if they would allow slavery within their boundaries. Nebraska residents, many of them migrants from the Northern United States, chose to exclude slavery from their territory. 
Anti-secession feelings ran strong in the fledgling Nebraska Territory. Seward County was originally called Greene County, after a popular U.S. Army general from Missouri. But after General Greene joined the Confederacy, the county was renamed Seward for William H. Seward, Abraham Lincoln's Secretary of State.
As the war began in April 1861, Algernon Paddock was serving as the territorial secretary, the highest office. On May 15, Alvin Saunders, a staunch Republican and supporter of President Lincoln, was sworn in as the formal Governor of Nebraska Territory. He served in that capacity throughout the war.
Nebraska contributions to the war efforts.
When the war started, U.S. Regular Army troops were withdrawn from Fort Kearny and Fort Randall to serve in more threatened areas, increasing risk to Nebraska settlers from Indian attacks. The Federal government requested that the Nebraska Territory form one volunteer regiment, with some companies supposed to stay behind to protect the territory. The territorial legislature met in special session in Omaha, and agreed to raise the requested local defense force. Thus, the 1st Regiment Nebraska Volunteer Infantry was formed in June and July 1861, with the future governor of Nebraska and the Wyoming Territory, John Milton Thayer, as its first colonel. However, the promise was reneged, and the regiment was sent eastward in August to fight the Confederacy.
Serving in the forces under Ulysses S. Grant, the 1st Nebraska Infantry participated in the successful attack on Fort Donelson in Tennessee and then fought at the Battle of Shiloh in April 1862. It then participated in several minor engagements in Missouri and Arkansas. In October 1863, the regiment was changed from infantry into cavalry, and was transferred to the frontier to keep the Plains Indians in check. It was mustered out of the Union Army in 1866.
Later in the war, some of the soldiers who served at Fort Kearny were former Confederates who had changed their allegiance to the Union, thus becoming "galvanized Yankees".
By the end of the Civil War, more than a third (3,157) of the men of military age in the Nebraska Territory had served in the Union army. In addition to the 1st Nebraska, the territory raised three other full regiments of cavalry, as well as several battalions of militia. Thirty-five Nebraskans were killed in action during the civil War, while another 204 died of other causes, including disease and accidents.
No Civil War battles or skirmishes were fought within the territorial borders of Nebraska, nor did Confederate troops attempt to invade the area.
Today, several active people exist in the state of Nebraska that trace their organizational ancestry to Nebraska postbellum veterans groups, including the Grand Army of the Republic, the Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War, and the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States (MOLLUS).

</doc>
<doc id="19185139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185139" title="Serial ATA International Organization">
Serial ATA International Organization

Serial ATA International Organization (SATA-IO) is an independent, non-profit organization which provides the computing industry with guidance and support for implementing the SATA specification. SATA-IO was developed by and for leading industry companies. It was officially formed in July 2004 by incorporating the previous Serial ATA Working Group.
SATA-IO is affiliated directly to INCITS and indirectly via INCITS to ANSI.
Members.
There are many members in this organization. It is currently led by the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19185151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185151" title="Ibrahimpatti">
Ibrahimpatti

Ibrahimpatti Near Koth, Ballia is a village in Ballia district of Uttar Pradesh, India. It is situated from Ballia and has a population of 1513.
A former Prime Minister of India, Chandra Shekhar, was a native of Ibrahimpatti. Imbranhim Patti's nearest railway station is krihirapur.

</doc>
<doc id="19185167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185167" title="Frankfurter Rippchen">
Frankfurter Rippchen

(Frankfurter) "Rippchen mit Kraut" (hot cured cutlet with sauerkraut) is a traditional dish served in and around Frankfurt am Main, Germany. It consists of cured pork cutlets, slowly heated in sauerkraut or meat broth, and usually served with sauerkraut, mashed potatoes and yellow mustard. Apfelwein (German cider) is normally consumed alongside Rippchen. The Rippchen are similar in appearance and texture to Kassler, but slightly milder in flavour, since they are only cured, but not smoked. 

</doc>
<doc id="19185187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185187" title="Pavle Kozjek">
Pavle Kozjek

Pavle Kozjek (15 January 1959 – 25 August 2008) was a Slovenian mountaineering pioneer and a photographer. 
Kozjek was born in Setnica near Polhov Gradec, SR Slovenia, Yugoslavia. He was a member of the Ljubljana-Matica Mountaineering Club. In 1997, he was the first Slovene climber to ascend Mount Everest without supplemental oxygen. In October 2006, he led a new route up the southeastern face of Cho Oyu in less than 15 hours and took photographs of Nangpa La shootings - an ambush of unarmed Tibetan pilgrims by Chinese border guards attempting to leave Tibet via the Nangpa La pass. For his accomplishments he received the Piolet d'Or 2006 Spectators Choice.
In August 2008, Kozjek participated in an expedition with Dejan Miškovič and Gregor Kresal trying to climb Muztagh Tower in the Karakoram, Pakistan. On 25 August 2008, he fell from the mountain through a cornice and was reported dead a few days later. He is the 19th Slovene to die in the Himalayas.

</doc>
<doc id="19185189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185189" title="Mark Heyes">
Mark Heyes

Mark Heyes is a Scottish fashion presenter who is known for his appearances on GMTV programme "GMTV with Lorraine" (now ITV Breakfast predecessor "Lorraine". He graduated from the Glasgow School of Art and broke through on a Channel 4 show; in 2009, "The Guardian" listed him in their Top 100 Most Influential People in the Fashion Industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19185190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185190" title="UCLA School of the Arts and Architecture">
UCLA School of the Arts and Architecture

The UCLA School of the Arts and Architecture (UCLA Arts) is a professional school at the University of California, Los Angeles. The school plays a vital role in the cultural and artistic life of the campus and the community. Through the six degree-granting departments, it provides a range of course offerings and programs. Additionally, there are five centers located within the school.
History.
In 1919, UCLA's leadership demonstrated an early commitment to offer students opportunities to explore the arts by the establishment of an art gallery and a music department. But in 1939 the College of Applied Arts was founded with the addition of a Department of Art, followed by the College of Fine Arts in 1960, with degrees available in art, dance, music, and theater arts.
Following academic restructuring in the late 1980s, the UC Regents formally approved the establishment of two schools: the School of the Arts and the School of Theater, Film and Television. In 1994 architecture and urban design joined the School of the Arts, which became the School of the Arts and Architecture (UCLA Arts).
Christopher Waterman was appointed dean of the School of the Arts and Architecture in 2003.
Facilities.
Institutions.
Three public arts institutions, including a major performing arts program (UCLA Live), are located within the School of the Arts and Architecture. These institutions offer access to leading anthropological, historical and contemporary visual arts exhibitions and collections, as well as presentations by performing artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19185196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185196" title="Kirkpatrick (given name)">
Kirkpatrick (given name)

Kirkpatrick (commonly an Irish and Scottish surname) occasionally appears a given name.
Notable people given-named Kirkpatrick include:
James Kirkpatrick, Aberthaw Cement plant works manager. Taking over from Allan Ruxton.

</doc>
<doc id="19185204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185204" title="Racławice (disambiguation)">
Racławice (disambiguation)

Racławice is a village in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, site of the Battle of Racławice (1794).
Racławice may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19185218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185218" title="Forest parks of New Zealand">
Forest parks of New Zealand

The Forest Parks of New Zealand are on public land administered by the Department of Conservation.
Forest parks have a less stringent level of protection than National Parks and they are used for a wide variety of recreational and commercial activities. 
List of Forest Parks.
A large portion of what is now Kahurangi National Park was formerly the North-west Nelson Forest Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19185251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185251" title="Nowa Huta (disambiguation)">
Nowa Huta (disambiguation)

Nowa Huta is a district of Kraków, Poland.
Nowa Huta may also refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19185301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185301" title="Zulkarnaen Zainal">
Zulkarnaen Zainal

Zulkarnaen Zainal (born 1 October 1973) is a retired Singapore football player. He spent his career play as a defender. He was a member of the Singapore national football team that won the 1998 Tiger Cup. He also played in their 0–2 loss against Liverpool F.C and a 1–8 loss to Manchester United in an exhibition match at the Kallang Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="19185317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185317" title="List of CubeSats">
List of CubeSats

The following is a list of CubeSats, nanosatellites used primarily by universities for research missions, typically in low Earth orbits.
Complete table.
There are four types of CubeSats; 0.5U, 1U, 2U and 3U. The number corresponds to the length of the CubeSat in decimetres. Width and Depth are always ten centimetres, or one decimetre.

</doc>
<doc id="19185344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185344" title="Katy, Poland">
Katy, Poland

Katy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarocin, within Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Jarocin, north-east of Nisko, and north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19185352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185352" title="Notre-Dame Basilica (Montreal)">
Notre-Dame Basilica (Montreal)

Notre-Dame Basilica () is a basilica in the historic district of Old Montreal, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The church is located at 110 Notre-Dame Street West, at the corner of Saint Sulpice Street. It is located next to the Saint-Sulpice Seminary and faces the Place d'Armes square.
The church's Gothic Revival architecture is among the most dramatic in the world; its interior is grand and colourful, its ceiling is coloured deep blue and decorated with golden stars, and the rest of the sanctuary is a polychrome of blues, azures, reds, purples, silver, and gold. It is filled with hundreds of intricate wooden carvings and several religious statues. Unusual for a church, the stained glass windows along the walls of the sanctuary do not depict biblical scenes, but rather scenes from the religious history of Montreal. It also has a Casavant Frères pipe organ, dated 1891, which comprises four keyboards, 92 stops using electropneumatic action and an adjustable combination system, 7000 individual pipes and a pedal board.
History.
In 1657, the Roman Catholic Sulpician Order arrived in "Ville-Marie", now known as Montreal; six years later the seigneury of the island was vested in them. They ruled until 1840. The parish they founded was dedicated to the Holy Name of Mary, and the parish church of Notre-Dame was built on the site in 1672.
François Baillairgé, an architect, designed the interior decoration and choir 1785-95; facade & vault decoration, 1818. 
The church served as the first cathedral of the Diocese of Montreal from 1821 to 1822.
By 1824 the congregation had completely outgrown the church, and James O'Donnell, an Irish-American Protestant from New York, was commissioned to design the new building. O'Donnell was a proponent of the Gothic Revival architectural movement, and designed the church as such. He is the only person buried in the church's crypt. O'Donnell converted to Catholicism on his deathbed perhaps due to the realization that he might not be allowed to be buried in his church.
The main construction work took place between 1824 and 1829. The cornerstone was laid at Place d"Armes on September 1, 1824. The sanctuary was finished in 1830, and the first tower in 1841, the second in 1843. On its completion, the church was the largest in North America. It remained the largest in North America for over fifty years. A new pipe organ was built in 1858 by Samuel Russell Warren.
The interior took much longer, and Victor Bourgeau, who also worked on Montreal's Mary, Queen of the World Cathedral, worked on it from 1872 to 1879. Stonemason John Redpath was a major participant in the construction of the Basilica.
Because of the splendour and grand scale of the church, a more intimate chapel, Chapelle du Sacré-Cœur (Chapel of the Sacred Heart), was built behind it, along with some offices and a sacristy. It was completed in 1888. In 1886 Casavant Frères began building a new 32-foot pipe organ at the church, completing it in 1891. It was notably the first organ with adjustable-combination pedals to be operated by electricity.
Recent events.
Arson destroyed the Sacré-Cœur Chapel on December 8, 1978. It was rebuilt with the first two levels being reproduced from old drawings and photographs, with modern vaulting and reredos and an immense bronze altarpiece by Quebec sculptor Charles Daudelin. 
Notre-Dame Church was raised to the status of basilica by Pope John Paul II during a visit to the city on April 21, 1982. The Notre-Dame Roman Catholic Church was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1989. The Gothic Revival style Basilica is a Montréal landmark, 1823-29.
On May 31, 2000 the provincial state funeral for former Montreal Canadiens superstar Maurice "Rocket" Richard was held in front of thousands, both inside and outside the Basilica.
On October 3, 2000 Justin Trudeau gave his eulogy just steps from the High Altar during the state funeral of Pierre Trudeau, his father and Canada's 15th prime minister.
It was also the setting of Celine Dion's December 17, 1994 wedding to René Angélil.
Public access.
The basilica offers musical programming of choral and organ performances. It is a tradition among many Montrealers to attend the annual performance of Handel's "Messiah" every December at Christmas.
The basilica now charges a $5.00 CND entry fee for visitors, unless they are there to attend mass. "And Then There Was Light," a sound and light show detailing the history of the church, is also offered in the evening, Tuesday through Saturday (tickets are $10 for adults [18+], $9 for seniors, and $5 for children and young adults).
The closest metro station is Place-d'Armes.

</doc>
<doc id="19185366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185366" title="Deje">
Deje

Deje is a locality situated in Forshaga Municipality, Värmland County, Sweden with 2,742 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19185378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185378" title="1964–65 FA Cup">
1964–65 FA Cup

The 1964–65 FA Cup was the 84th staging of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Liverpool won the competition for only the first time (despite having reached two finals previously), beating Leeds United 2–1 after extra time in the final at Wembley. 
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Results.
First Round Proper.
At this stage clubs from the Football League Third and Fourth Divisions joined those non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 14 November 1964. Eight were drawn and went to replays three or four days later. Two of these replayed matches required a second replay to complete the fixture, with those games played the following week.
Second Round.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 5 December 1964. Five matches were drawn, with replays taking place later the same week. The Stockport County–Grimsby Town game was played midweek on the 7 December, however.
Third Round.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 9 January 1965. Ten matches were drawn and went to replays, though none of these then resulted in a second replay.
Fourth Round.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 30 January 1965. Six matches were drawn and went to replays. The replays were all played two, three or four days later. 
Fifth Round.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 20 February 1965. Two games required replays during the midweek fixture, and the Aston Villa&Wolverhampton Wanderers match went to a third game the following week, with Wolves the victors.
Sixth Round.
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 6 March 1965. Two of these matches, however, were not played until Wednesday, 10 March. In addition, the Leicester City–Liverpool match went to a replay on this date.
Semi-finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 27 March 1965. Leeds United and Liverpool came through the semi final round to meet at Wembley.
Final.
The 1965 FA Cup Final was contested by Liverpool and Leeds United at Wembley on Saturday 1 May 1965. The match finished 2–1 to Liverpool, with all three goals coming in extra time.

</doc>
<doc id="19185457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185457" title="Ile du Nord">
Ile du Nord

Ile du Nord is a small granite island, with an area of about 10 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Maria Island Group, lying close to the eastern coast of Tasmania near the Freycinet Peninsula. It is close to the northernmost point of Maria Island and is part of the Maria Island National Park.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin and Short-tailed Shearwater. The Metallic Skink is present. Rakali have also been seen on the island.

</doc>
<doc id="19185526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185526" title="What a Night! A Christmas Album">
What a Night! A Christmas Album

What a Night! A Christmas Album, by American singer, pianist and bandleader Harry Connick, Jr., was released on November 4, 2008., being his third Christmas album, since 1993's "When My Heart Finds Christmas" and 2003's "Harry for the Holidays". The album consists of new recordings of Christmas classics, and new songs written by Connick.
The first public mentioning of recording the album, came in an interview in The Times-Picayune in June 2008.
The album was first called "Christmas Day", but the title was changed in September 2008, to "What a Night! A Christmas Album".
The track "Song for the Hopeful", is a duet with Kim Burrell. The song was written by Connick for the 2008 television film "Living Proof". Burell is also featured on "Let There Be Peace On Earth".
Connick has three daughters with his wife Jill Goodacre, and their middle daughter Sarah Kate, sings a duet with him on the track "Winter Wonderland".
When the track list was first announced, the songs "Christmas Time is Here" and "Trinity", was part of the album. In early October, those two tracks were replaced with two new tracks: "Christmas Day", and an instrumental version of Tchaikovsky's "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy".
Personnel.
Arrangement by Harry Connick, Jr.
Tour.
A Holiday Celebration Tour 2008, is a concert tour with his big band to support the album. The tour was confirmed by the official Harry Connick, Jr. website in September 2008.
One of their stops included the annual lighting of the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree.

</doc>
<doc id="19185539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185539" title="St. Clair's Falls">
St. Clair's Falls

St. Clair's Falls is one the widest waterfalls in Sri Lanka. 
It is situated 3 km west of the town of Talawakele on the Hatton-Talawakele Highway in Nuwara Eliya District. The falls derived its name from a nearby tea estate. The Falls is 80m high and hence 20th highest waterfall in Sri Lanka. St. Clair's falls comprises two falls called "Maha Ella" (Sinhalese "The Greater Fall") and "Kuda Ella," (Sinhalese "The Lesser Fall") which is 50m high and was created by a tributary of Kotmale Oya.
Environmentalists concerns.
From the inception of the Upper Kothmale Project, Sri Lanka's last major hydro-electricity project, the environmentalists protested concerning that the waterfall is threatened by the Upper Kotmale Dam. But the Government ensures the existence of the waterfall and the project is currently underway.

</doc>
<doc id="19185556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185556" title="Tara Llanes">
Tara Llanes

Tara Janelle Llanes (born November 28, 1976 in West Covina, California USA) is an American "Mid School" Bicycle Motocross (BMX) racer whose prime competitive years were from 1990-1993. She later became a champion Mountain Bike (MTB) racer. Her surname is pronounced "Yaw-ness" but for obvious reasons it is often mispronounced "lanes" as in the type of division of a pathway.
BMX racing career milestones.
Note: Professional first are on the national level unless otherwise indicated.
Retired: Originally in 1995 to focus on Mountain Bike racing full time. She restarted in late 2006 with an eye toward making the 2008 Olympic Team. See "First professional race result". According to Llanes USA Cycling asked her tor restart her BMX career:
However, an apparent career-ending injury in MTB eliminated that possibility for 2008. She has however, stated her goal to be to return to racing competition.
Career factory and major bike shop sponsors.
Note: This listing only denotes the racer's primary sponsors. At any given time a racer could have numerous ever changing co-sponsors. Primary sponsorships can be verified by BMX press coverage and sponsor's advertisements at the time in question. When possible exact dates are used.
Career bicycle motocross titles.
Note: Listed are District, State/Provincial/Department, Regional, National and International titles. Only sanctioning bodies that were active during the racer's career are listed.
Amateur/Junior Women.
National Bicycle League (NBL)
American Bicycle Association (ABA)
Fédération Internationale Amateur de Cyclisme (FIAC)*
International Bicycle Motocross Federation (IBMXF)*
Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI)*
Professional/Elite Women.
National Bicycle Association (NBA)
National Bicycle League (NBL)
American Bicycle Association (ABA)
International Bicycle Motocross Federation (IBMXF)*
Fédération Internationale Amateur de Cyclisme (FIAC)*
(FIAC did not have a strictly professional division during its existence).
Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI)*
Pro Series Championships and Invitationals
BMX magazine covers.
Note: Only magazines that were in publication at the time of the racer's career(s) are listed unless specifically noted.
Minicycle/BMX Action & Super BMX:
Bicycle Motocross Action & Go:
BMX Plus!:
Ride BMX Magazine:
Snap BMX Magazine & Transworld BMX:
BMX World
ABA Action, American BMXer, BMXer (the official BMX publication of the ABA under three different names):
Mountain Bike Career Record.
In 1993 while still racing BMX for Haro Bicycles she asked that sponsor for a mountain bike and to go to mounting bike race. She liked it and soon transitioned from BMX to MTB, with cross country Dual Slalom and after Dual Slalom was abolished by NORBA the 4-Cross Downhill events. During her mountain bike years she acquired the nickname of "T", the first letter of her given name. Unlike in BMX she turned pro in 1996. She almost immediately started doing well on the pro circuit but it was not until 1999 in which she won her first title. In the now discontinued Dual Slalom down hill event of that year's ESPN Winter Extreme Games also known Winter "X" Games where she took a Gold medal. She would go on to win a further 14 medals in the next seven years of her career including five championships. During this time she also suffered numerous injuries including punctured lungs and broken foot. Then in September 2007 the most devastating of all; a crash that left her paralyzed from the waist down. She is in rigorous rehabilitation and despite physician's diagnosis of her never being able to walk again, she is determined to not only walk again, but to return to riding a bicycle and even competing. The last chapter of Llanes's racing career is probably not already written in the face of such determination.
Mountain Bike career milestones.
Started racing: According to her website In 1993 at 16 years old. She asked the BMX team manager of Haro Designs who was sponsoring her repeatedly to try it and he finally relented. but in a May 2007 "Mountain Bike Action" interview it was Haro Bicycles that asked her to give it a try.
Sub Discipline(s): Down Hill, 4-Cross, Dual Slalom and Cross Country
First race result: According to Llanes's website. First in Junior Women in Dual Slalom at the Big Bear Lake, California. According to her "Mountain Bike Action" May 2000 interview it was a 2nd place in Junior Women in Dual Slalom at the 1993 NORBA Finals at Mammouth Mountain Resort in Mammoth Lakes, California.
Sanctioning body: National Off-Road Bicycle Association (NORBA)
Turned Professional: 1996
Retired: Her career has been on hold since her paralyzing injury suffered at the Jeep King of the Mountain finals event in Beaver Creek, Colorado on September 1, 2007. She is currently under intense physical rehabilitation with the intention of riding a bicycle again.
Career MTB factory and major Non-factory sponsors.
Note: This listing only denotes the racer's primary sponsors. At any given time a racer could have numerous co-sponsors. Primary sponsorships can be verified by MTB press coverage and sponsor's advertisements at the time in question. When possible exact dates are given.
Career Mountain Bike Racing (MTB) titles.
Note: Listed are Regional, National and International titles.
Amateur/Junior Women.
Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI)
National Off-Road Bicycle Association (NORBA)
USA Cycling
Independent Championship race series and Invitationals
Professional/Elite Women.
ESPN Extreme (X) Games:
Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI)
National Off-Road Bicycle Association (NORBA)
USA Cycling
Independent Championship race series and Invitationals
Images.
2007 Image.
Significant MTB injuries.
2007 Spinal cord injury.
On September 1, 2007, Llanes crashed at Beaver Creek, Colorado, host to the Jeep King of the Mountain Finale. The accident happened on the second to last straight down the Dual Slalom course as she raced head-to-head against Jill Kintner in the semifinals. Llanes hit an obstacle wrong and the bicycle landed nose first on the ground. She was thrown over the handlebars and onto her head and then landed on her back, suffering massive and severe lower back trauma, suffering a C-7 fracture and L-1 damage to her vertebrae, and paralyzing her lower extremities. She was first rushed to Vail Valley Medical Center and then was airlifted to Denver Health Hospital. She underwent seven hours of surgery but still had no feeling from the waist down. According to the surgeons who worked on her, the condition is most likely permanent. Llanes recalls the moment of the accident:
Llanes continues to undergo intensive rehabilitation and as of late 2008 she could move her left leg. Her stated goal is to get back into competitive racing again. As she stated in an interview with pedalpushersonline.com:
Miscellaneous and Trivia.
Llanes's August 31, 2007 blog entry. The last one before her severe accident.
See also.
Motocross World Championship

</doc>
<doc id="19185567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185567" title="List of glaciers of India">
List of glaciers of India

This is a list of the notable glaciers in India. Most glaciers lie in the states of Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand.

</doc>
<doc id="19185568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185568" title="Krokek">
Krokek

Krokek is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 4,285 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19185585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185585" title="Perriam Down">
Perriam Down

Perriam Down near Ludgershall, Wiltshire was used as a cricket venue for 6 first-class and 3 other matches between 1787 and 1796. It was a favoured venue of Thomas Assheton Smith I who patronised cricket in the area and organised all the matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19185603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185603" title="Appleton railway station">
Appleton railway station

Appleton railway station served an area of Widnes in Cheshire, England. It was located on the former St Helens and Runcorn Gap Railway.
History.
Opened by the St Helens and Runcorn Gap Railway, then absorbed by the London and North Western Railway it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, only to be closed by the British Transport Commission three years later. The line continued in freight use until 1981.
The site today.
The site is buried under the A557 road development with the nearest notable landmark near the station site being the Commercial Inn pub.

</doc>
<doc id="19185617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185617" title="Bathurst 24 Hour">
Bathurst 24 Hour

Classes and Entrants.
The Bathurst 24 Hour featured various classes. The entrants were mainly drivers from local racing competitions including the Nations Cup, Super Touring 
and Carrera Cup competitions. Both the races also had international drivers entering their international cars in the races.
Class A.
Class A (known as Class 1 in 2002) featured mainly vehicles from the FIA GT Championship and Australian Nations Cup Championship regulations. These were cars such as the Holden Monaro 427C, Mosler MT 900R, Lamborghini Diablo GTR, Ferrari 360 N-GT, Porsche 911 GT3 RS, Porsche 911 GT3 RC and a BMW M3 GTR V8. In both times the 24 Hour race was held, the Holden Monaro 427C came out on top.
Class B.
Class B (known as Class 3 in 2002) comprised entrants from the Nations Cup Group B competition and the Carrera Cup, but there was also a Morgan Aero 8 featured in this class. This class was won on both occasions by a Porsche 993 GT3 S Cup. The 2004 class winning car was driven by Jürgen Alzen, Uwe Alzen, Michael Bartels and Arno Klasen. Another notable car in this class was the Ferrari 360 Challenge Stradale.
Class D.
Class D (known as Class 5 in 2002) was mainly entrants from the Australian Super Touring Championship which ran a variety of makes, most of them being from Japanese manufacturers. The entrants had to comply with the following rules: the cars must be GT Performance cars under the price of A$160,000. Entries included HSV Y Series GTS, Ford Falcon GT, Ford Tickford AU Falcon TE50, Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution VII, Subaru WRX, BMW E46 M3, BMW M Coupe, Mazda RX7 and Nissan 350Z.
Class E.
Class E (known as Class 9 in 2002) featured production cars (mainly from the Production Series which cost under A$90,000). Most of the vehicles are mid-sized vehicles. Entries from various makes include the Toyota Celica, Ford Falcon XR6T, Honda Integra Type R, Honda S2000, Alfa Romeo 156 and both the Holden Commodore VX SS and Holden Commodore VY SS.
Class F.
Class F (known as Class 10 in 2002) was the final and lowest class of the 5 competing classes and featured FIA-approved Super Production cars, mainly from the lower classes of the Production Series. This class contained the largest variety of vehicles (in terms of manufacturers featured in this class). Class F consisted of Toyota Altezza, Toyota Camry, Mitsubishi Magna, Mitsubishi Mirage, BMW 320i, Alfa Romeo 156 and BMW M3R.
The races.
2002.
The 2002 Bathurst 24 Hour race was won by Garth Tander, Steven Richards, Cameron McConville and Nathan Pretty, driving a Holden Monaro 427C. 532 laps were completed.
Pole position: John Bowe, Ferrari 360 N-GT: 2:15.0742
2003.
The 2003 Bathurst 24 Hour race was won by Peter Brock, Greg Murphy, Jason Bright and Todd Kelly, driving a Holden Monaro 427C. 527 laps were completed.
Pole position: Garth Tander, Holden Monaro 427C: 2:13.2856

</doc>
<doc id="19185629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185629" title="Eolus Vind Wind Farm">
Eolus Vind Wind Farm

The Eolus Vind Wind Farm is a proposed wind power project in Constanţa County, Romania. It will have 15 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 2 MW which will deliver up to 50 MW of power, enough to power over 19,800 homes, with a capital investment required of approximately US$ 23 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="19185644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185644" title="Alamblak language">
Alamblak language

The Alamblak language is spoken in the Angoram District of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea. There are nine villages with 900 speakers on the Middle Karawari and Wagupmeri rivers, and another dialect of 400 speakers in four villages near Kuvanmas Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19185652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185652" title="Thames (ward)">
Thames (ward)

Thames ward in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham the returns three elected representatives every four years. At the 2006 election Fred Barns, Barry Poulton, and Joan Rawlinson, all of the Labour Party (UK) were reelected.

</doc>
<doc id="19185659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185659" title="KJXN">
KJXN

KJXN (105.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to South Park, Wyoming, USA. The station is currently owned by Cochise Media Licenses, LLC.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters KTYN on April 21, 2005. On April 4, 2008, the station changed its call sign to KRFD. On April 17, 2009, the call sign was changed to KJXN. 

</doc>
<doc id="19185670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185670" title="Ornö">
Ornö

Ornö is the largest island in the southern half of the Stockholm archipelago, situated just north of the island of Utö. It belongs to the municipality of Haninge. The island is approx. 15 km long and 3–4 km wide.
The primary connection with the mainland, a car ferry line, is operated by "Ornö Sjötrafik". This is a community owned company. The ferry goes between Dalarö on the mainland and "Hässelmara" on north-western Ornö. There are some 300 people living on the island all year round. During summertime, the number of people on the island multiplies.
Each year by the end of may, the largest sailing competition in the Stockholm archipelago takes place around the island. It is called the "Ornö runt" or "Around the island of Ornö" and is open to anyone who registers for the race. There are several classes in which to enter including a family friendly class. "Tyresö boatclub" which arranges the race, celebrated the 35:th incarnation of the competition in 2008, with 183 boats participating.
Ornö has up until recently been a military protected area, with foreigners not being allowed on or near the island. Because of this, the island is unknown abroad and the number of visiting tourists has been low. As of 1 April 1997, foreign citizens are allowed access to almost all parts of the island. There are however still places where you are not allowed to step ashore, drop anchor, dive or take pictures. Signs are posted where such rules are in effect.
The Swedish Sea Rescue Society rescue cruiser "Queen Silvia" is stationed in "Kyrkviken". The crew is made up of volunteers living on the island.
The beautiful Ornö church, was designed by the architect Pehr Ulrik Stenhammar. It is situated on an elevation above "Kyrkviken" (church cove) and is a part of the Dalarö-Ornö-Utö congregation.

</doc>
<doc id="19185677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185677" title="Gregor Fisken">
Gregor Fisken

Gregor Fisken is a British racing driver and businessman (born 28 September 1964) who currently races historic and modern-day sportscars. He is one of only a handful of racing drivers to have driven in all four classes (LMP1, LMP2, GT1 and GT2) at the famous Le Mans 24 Hours motor race.
Early career.
Fisken began his career as an apprentice mechanic with the famous Scottish restorer and dealer of pre-war motorcars, Bunty Scott-Moncrieff, while also trying his luck at rallycross in old cars he prepared.
In 1996 Fisken’s passion for classic cars led him to open his dealership, Fiskens Fine Historic Automobiles, in London’s upmarket South Kensington. As of 2014, the business continues to operate successfully, with work currently underway to expand the premises.
Racing Success.
With continuing business success, Fisken decided to turn his attention back to racing – both in historic cars and more modern machinery.
In 1998, Fisken managed the feat of winning his class in both the Tour Auto and the Monaco Historic Grand Prix as well as finish a competitive second overall in the British Empire Trophy at Silverstone in a Porsche 962 Group C car. A first foray in modern racing netted Fisken a third in the Silverstone GT race in a McLaren F1 GTR.
Due to a lack of spare time, Fisken was forced to cut back on his racing activities in 1999 and 2000, only being able to compete in one race each year. Success still arrived though, scoring a third in class in the Spa 3 Hours and winning his class for the second time in the Monaco Historic Grand Prix.
For 2001, Fisken competed in the Spa 24 Hours, but was unable to finish due to mechanical failure, in modern racing as well as two other races in classic cars: the Goodwood Revival Meeting Tourist Trophy, which he won with team-mate Emmanuele Pirro, and the Nurburgring 500 km where he won his class on the famous Nordschleife.
2002 saw him return to the Nordschleife for the Nurburgring 24 Hours where he finished third in class in a BMW M3 despite spending over an hour in the pits with mechanical problems.
Work commitments proved too much in 2003, but a return to modern racing in 2004 saw Fisken compete in two iconic races: the Sebring 12 Hours and the Le Mans 24 Hours, both with the GT – Racers Group Porsche GT3 RSR.
Attracted by endurance racing, in 2005 Fisken signed up to the Intersport team for two rounds of the American Le Mans Series (with a best in class result in Portland) and the Le Mans 24 Hours (retired after having led his class), and with Team Jota for two rounds of the Le Mans Series (best result of fifth overall in Istanbul).
Mechanical problems plagued the 2006 season in which the best result possible was a first in class in the Shell Historic Ferrari Challenge and a fourth in the Donington 1000 km driving an LMP1 works Courage.
2007 saw Fisken race for the complete year in the Le Mans Series for Larbre Competition in the Aston Martin DBR9 with a best result being 1st in class in the Mille Milhas, Interlagos, Brazil. He did, however, manage to make the finish in the Le Mans 24 Hours, with the same car, with a respectable 13th in class. He was also awarded the Scott Moncrieffe award, named after his former employer Bunty, given for sportsmanship and services to historic racing.
In 2008, Fisken experienced the thrill of a lifetime driving the famous Ferrari 330 P3 at Paul Ricard, twice finishing on the podium. An appearance at the Le Mans Classic and Silverstone Classic weekends showed that he had lost none of his passion for old-timers. A return to the American Le Mans Series quickly followed with 19th position overall and 4th in the LMP1 class at Road America with Intersport.

</doc>
<doc id="19185678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185678" title="Commission for the Pacification of Larut">
Commission for the Pacification of Larut

The Commission for the Pacification of Larut, whose terms of reference, among others, was to arrange for an amicable settlement relating to the Larut tin mines, was established by Sir Andrew Clarke on 23 January 1874. The members of the Pacification Commission included Captain Samuel Dunlop, Frank Swettenham, William A. Pickering, John Frederick Adolphus McNair, Chung Keng Quee and Chin Seng Yam. The Commission was successful in freeing many women taken as captives during the Larut Wars (1862–73), getting stockades dismantled and getting the tin mining business going again. The commission's labours concluded in February, 1874.
The Commissioners after due investigation and deliberation decided to hand the mines in Klian Pauh (Taiping) over to the Hai Sans and the mines in Klian Bharu (Kamunting) to the Ghee Hins.

</doc>
<doc id="19185691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185691" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Czech Republic)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Czech Republic)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is a government ministry of the Czech Republic which handles foreign policy. , the Minister of Foreign Affairs is Lubomír Zaorálek.

</doc>
<doc id="19185723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185723" title="Keeps Gettin' Better">
Keeps Gettin' Better

"Keeps Gettin' Better" is a song by American recording artist Christina Aguilera, taken from her first greatest hits album, "". It was released on September 9, 2008, by RCA Records as the only single from the album. The song was written and produced by Linda Perry, with additional songwriting from Aguilera. After giving birth to her son Max, she looked to "come up with something new and fresh", developing a "futuristic" era of her career. "Keeps Gettin' Better" is an electropop song, and was inspired by the likes of Andy Warhol and Goldfrapp. Its lyrics portray Aguilera as a superhero.
Upon its release, "Keeps Gettin' Better" received generally mixed reviews from music critics. At a time when dance music was becoming increasingly prominent, the song was criticized for its lack of originality, but was deemed "catchy" and a welcome change from Aguilera's fifth studio album "Back to Basics" (2006). It became Aguilera's highest debut on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 at number seven. The song additionally topped the US Hot Dance Club Play chart. Elsewhere, it peaked at number four in Canada, while charting inside the top twenty in Austria, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Slovakia and the United Kingdom.
The accompanying music video, directed by Peter Berg, features Aguilera in an editing room, producing the music video on a green screen. Using the equipment there, she creates several characters, including a blonde 1960's inspired hippie character, another based on Catwoman and a futuristic blue-haired version of herself. Aguilera debuted the song during a live performance at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards. Wearing a catsuit, she sang a remixed version of her debut single "Genie in a Bottle" (1999), before performing "Keeps Gettin' Better". Aguilera also performed the song during a promotional tour for the album, and as part of a medley of her greatest hits on the 36th Annual American Music Awards.
Background.
"Keeps Gettin' Better" was released almost a year after Aguilera gave birth to her first son, Max. "Growing into being a woman, a mother, it's a very different time in my life, and also where I'm at musically", she said in an interview with MSN. Throughout her career, Aguilera has been noted for her reinventions. She stated that with "Keeps Gettin' Better", she wished to "come up with something new and fresh", calling the new redefined era of her music "futuristic". Aguilera said that the development of new songs featured on "" was influenced by artists such as Blondie, Velvet Underground and Nico. Visually, artists Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein were credited as influences for the album. After stating the theme of the record was futuristic, she said to MTV News that the era has a "very pop-art feel visually". Aguilera also stated that she had been "diving deep" into "electro in particular" at the time, noting that she had started connections to collaborate with prominent dance artists Goldfrapp and Ladytron. While talking to MTV News, Aguilera discussed the influence behind the track and the album, and said:
I wanted to give a little sneak preview of what's to come [with the VMA performance. The vein of the new material is a futuristic take on what is inspiring me at the moment ... and it's got a very pop-art feel, visually. a throwback to Andy Warhol and all the colors and vividness and bright boldness that was in that artwork. I'm a big collector of pop art and graffiti art at this point, too — D*Face and Banksy, also Roy Lichtenstein ... and it's been very fun venturing off into that zone.
Composition.
"Keeps Gettin' Better" was written by Christina Aguilera and Linda Perry, while production was done by the latter. It is an electropop song, written in the key of F minor. Aguilera's vocals in the track span from the note of F3 to the note of C5. The song has also been noted by "The Times" as an "electro-glam" number. Described as a "muscular, percussive arena-ready" track, the song garnered comparisons to Goldfrapp's "Supernature" album and Britney Spears' song "Womanizer". An "instantly engaging" electropop beat begins the track; it additionally features "space-age sounds" in response to its futuristic concept, with a "throbbing" synth line. Lyrically, themes of female empowerment and being a superhero are dominant on the track. Aguilera sings, "Some days I'm a super bitch". The lyrics derive from Aguilera's experience as a mother. While talking to MSN, she said:
After having my own child, it's pretty amazing what females are capable of. We're Supergirl, we do it all: we give the love, we give the milk. On the other hand, I'm running a business. I'm running my career. That comes with being labeled a bitch. If that's what I'm gonna be called by being assertive and knowing who I am and what I want out of life, then so be it. I will wear that label proudly. For me it's about turning that word into a positive.
Critical reception.
The song received generally mixed reviews from music critics. Chris Willman from "Entertainment Weekly" responded to the new additions of the compilation saying, "The singer has banished melisma and belting from these electronic confections, and her chops sound just as hot set on simmer." Nick Butler from Sputnikmusic positively received the song and "Dynamite" saying "Christina the pop singer is dead, long live Electro Christina". Nick Levine from Digital Spy called the song a "welcome change" from Aguilera's 2006 "Back to Basics" album, but stated that the song is not one of Aguilera's best singles. Fraser McAlpine from BBC wrote a mixed review for the song, regonizing Aguilera's maturity in the lyrics. However, he confessed that this could easily be a song by Pink, who might have made a better job of making it her own. Allmusic writer Stephen Thomas Erlewine said that the singer was instantly overshadowed by fellow singer Britney Spears, but "Keeps Gettin' Better" proves that no other teen pop singer of her era has a better track than Aguilera, concluding that if the new songs are any indication, the title of the hits compilation ["Keeps Gettin' Better: A Decade of Hits"] is no lie either.
Gavin Martin from "The Mirror" gave a mixed response, as he said: "Nothing dates as quickly as pop that dares to call itself futuristic". Martin awarded the song 3/5 and concluded with "It's not that this new number from the forthcoming Greatest Hits set is bad – but it's a whole lot more routine than it pretends to be." Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine commented on the possibly outdated dance theme. Responding to the new additions of the record including "Keeps Gettin' Better", he noted: "Not exactly what one would call original, but if it's true the singer's next studio album will reprise this electro-pop sound, Aguilera deserves credit for refusing to play it safe." Bill Lamb from About.com awarded the track three stars. He noted Aguilera's dance-inspired effort, at a time of dance dominance in the industry, negatively and stated that "the catchy electro-pop vibe isn't enough to make it one of her more memorable efforts." "Rolling Stone" noted that in the compilation, Aguilera's old singles are "weighed down by four bland attempts at 2008's trendy, Lady Gaga-jacking electropop". Paul Thompson and Amy Phillips from Pitchfork Media said that the track was "basically a ripoff" of Goldfrapp's "Ooh La La".
Chart performance.
"Keeps Gettin' Better" sold 143,895 legal downloads in its first week dated September 30, 2008, debuting at number seven on the "Billboard" Hot 100 a few weeks later. This has become Aguilera's highest debut on the chart and became her first top ten hit since "Ain't No Other Man" in 2006. As of September 2012, it has sold 1.1 million digital copies in the US. The song has performed well on the Canadian Hot 100 chart; it debuted at number 16, and a week later the song became the "Greatest Airplay, Sales Gainer", peaking at number four. However, the track only spent one week within the top ten. It debuted and peaked at number 21 in Swedish Singles Chart, and reached number 14 in the United Kingdom. On September 21, 2008, the song debuted and peaked on the Australian ARIA Charts at number 26. 
Music video.
Background.
Directed by Peter Berg, the music video for the song is said to have been influenced by films "Minority Report" and the James Bond series, and was conceived to show Aguilera "through time and fashion in an homage to her 10-year career" according to a statement by her label. Popjustice saw the music video in progress on October 22, 2008, in the edit they reported that the music video was produced on a green screen, but the concept of the video was to be Aguilera in an edit suite pressing various flashing buttons, editing what was her own music video. Aguilera herself discussed the production of the video, saying "I really enjoyed making the video for 'Keeps Gettin' Better', being an artist who likes to play around with different looks, it was a lot of fun to portray various characters within the same shoot." The music video debuted on iLike, an online music service on October 27, 2008. 
Synopsis.
The music video starts with multi colored, digital waves which then merge into a scene where Aguilera is sat in an editing suite overlooking a sound and edit board. Pressing flashing buttons, multiple large screens stand in front of the desk and correspond to her choice of button selected. The first images shown on the screens feature Aguilera as Catwoman, a futuristic blue haired character, and a 1960's influenced hippie before focusing on the 60's inspired character. The blond character is shown to be holding an old fashioned handheld video camera filming scenes of high rise buildings, all the while showing shots of Aguilera editing the on screen projection. The blond hippie inspired character is then seen in a second setting, riding a bicycle through a grassy field at times performing dance movements to the song and lip-synching. 
Aguilera then takes a touch screen Nokia 5800 XpressMusic phone from her pocket with an image of a futuristic blue haired character, after producing a scene of a convertible car, she inputs the character from the phone onto the screen and into the car and the blue haired character is then shown driving. Aguilera then produces silhouettes of a catwoman style figure, until Aguilera as the catwoman character is shown, wearing a leather catsuit with cat ears, lighting bolts shoot from her hands until another scene featuring the same character shows her alongside a black motorbike holding a gun. Shots of both the blue haired character and catwoman lead to a scene featuring a blond Aguilera moving inside of the screens accompanied by multi-colored digital waves, before shots of the catwoman style character on a motorbike, shooting the gun are presented. Shots of the different scenes including one of Aguilera at the desk accompanied by a toy robot are shown finishing as Aguilera turns the screens off.
Reception.
Gil Kaufman from MTV News called the video "geektastic". Popjustice also gave the video a positive review, saying: "The video's a riot of costume changes, makeovers, multiple 'scenarios' and Christina even seems to look like she's having fun. We'd sort of forgotten the single was even coming out, but the video makes it all seem quite exciting." "The Sun" commented that "has done the impossible – made the blue rinse sexy". Anna Pickard from "The Guardian" heavily compared Aguilera to Britney Spears in the video, saying: "We're at a final count of four Christinas to five Britneys. [...] We can't be seen to have achieved a perfect Xtina/Britney balance. [...] We'd probably need a guest appearance from Madonna for that". She also felt that "the 30-second Target advert is better than the whole video. But still: any release that makes it compulsory to type 'Christina Aguilera Keeps Getting Better' is surely a clever ploy".
Live performances.
At a press conference in Paramount Studios in Los Angeles, Aguilera confirmed that she would be performing at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards on September 7, 2008. She discussed about allowing her newly born son, Max, to watch the performance, saying: "This will be his first time watching me perform on television, but only for a little while because he's not really allowed to watch television yet. I'll make an exception for the VMAs." Aguilera discussed the concept of the performance beforehand saying: "You're going to get a first look and a first listen at my new image and my new sound. The last album, the style and sound was about vintage glam — this one is all about the future". The performance began with Aguilera standing in a tower of neon-lit boxes, singing "Genie 2.0" while wearing second-skin leather catsuit accessorized with silver armbands, a black-leather cat mask, black cape and platinum-blond hair. Then, she began performing "Keeps Gettin' Better". Nick Levine from Digital Spy called the performance "sassy, slickly-choreographed". 
Aguilera started her promotional tour for "Keeps Gettin' Better: A Decade of Hits" on October 11, performing at the Thisday Africa Rising at the London's Royal Albert Hall, where she performed several old hits and "Keeps Gettin' Better". She also performed the song as part of the tour in Kiev, Ukraine, on October 20 and 21. The last date was held on October 24 in Abu Dhabi, at the Emirates Palace Hotel. On November 23, Aguilera promoted her greatest hits album by performing at the 36th Annual American Music Awards. She opened the show with a seven-minute medley including six of her greatest hits. "Los Angeles Times" Todd Martens commented about the performance: "Things get started in familiar territory, with an Aguilera medley, the first of what is sure to be many whiplash-inducing musical performances this evening. But unlike her MTV VMA run-down, Aguilera backs into "Genie in a Bottle" rather than opening with it. [...] Opening with the ballad allowed Aguilera to flex her vocal muscles, but the zipping between songs never allowed her - or her background dancers - to catch a groove".
Credits and personnel.
Credits for "Keeps Gettin' Better" adapted from the single liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="19185727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185727" title="D2 (clothing)">
D2 (clothing)

D2 was a jeans and casualwear retailing company operating in Scotland, England, Wales and Northern Ireland. The company was formed in spring 1999 from a combination of the Fosters Menswear, part of the Jeanster casualwear chain, and Jeans for Sale by Sir Tom Hunter and his investment company West Coast Capital. D2 was the first retail operation developed by Hunter after Sports Division.
Hunter sold D2 to management in January 2008, as part of his 'retail portfolio de-clutter'.
Administration.
On 30 December 2009 it was announced that the company had entered administration and that BDO International would try and find a buyer. James Stephen, co-administrator at BDO, said: “It is unfortunate that the economic climate and difficult trading conditions have significantly affected the retail sector. We are continuing to trade the business and hope to sell all or part of it as a going concern.” 
D2 exited administration in 2010 after a management buyout and traded under the d2 brand still owned by A and J menswear.
On 28 December 2011, almost 2 years to the day, D2 once again entered administration due to difficult trading conditions. James Stephen, from BDO International was once again appointed administrator to try and find a buyer. Blue Inc bought 20 stores, with the rest closing.

</doc>
<doc id="19185748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185748" title="Auditor General for Wales">
Auditor General for Wales

The Auditor General for Wales is the public official in charge of the Wales Audit Office, the body responsible for auditing the Welsh Assembly Government, its public bodies, National Health Service bodies and local government in Wales. The Auditor General for Wales is responsible for auditing £20 billion of taxpayers' money each year.
It is a statutory appointment made by Her Majesty the Queen, in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 8 to the Government of Wales Act 2006.
The first full-time Auditor General for Wales, Jeremy Colman, was appointed on 1 April 2005 for an initial 5 year term subsequently extended in 2009 for a further 3 years. Colman resigned in February 2010 after an internal investigation at the Wales Audit Office and subsequently pleaded guilty to possession of child porn.
Interim Auditor General, Gillian Body, took responsibility for running the Office prior to the appointment of Huw Vaughan Thomas, from 1 October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19185778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185778" title="Richard Boyle, 4th Earl of Shannon">
Richard Boyle, 4th Earl of Shannon

Richard Boyle, 4th Earl of Shannon (12 May 1809 – 1 August 1868), styled Viscount Boyle until 1842, was a British politician of the Whig party. He served as Member of Parliament for Cork County from 1830 to 1832.
Background.
Boyle was the son of Henry Boyle, 3rd Earl of Shannon and his wife, Sarah, daughter of John Hyde of Castle Hyde and his wife, Sarah Burton. Hyde was a descendant of the Hyde family of Denchworth in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire).
Political career.
Boyle was elected a Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom general election, 1830 and re-elected in the United Kingdom general election, 1831. The Reform Act 1832 increased the number of individuals entitled to vote, increasing the size of electorate by 50–80%, and allowing a total of 653,000 adult males (around one in five) to vote, in a population of some 14 million. In the United Kingdom general election, 1832 which followed, Cork County was allowed to elect two Members of Parliament instead of one. Richard failed to be re-elected, his seat taken by Feargus O'Connor, a leader of the Chartist movement, and Garrett Standish Barry. Barry was a Roman Catholic, the first one elected to Parliament following the Catholic Relief Act 1829. On 22 April 1842, his father died and Boyle succeeded him. He held no other political office until his death.
Family.
On [28 May 1832, Lord Shannon married Emily Henrietta Seymour in London. She was a daughter of Lord George Seymour-Conway and Isabella Hamilton. His father-in-law was a son of Francis Seymour-Conway, 1st Marquess of Hertford and his wife Lady Isabella Fitzroy. His mother-in-law was a daughter of the Reverend George Hamilton, Canon of Windsor (1718–1787) and his wife Elizabeth Onslow.
They had two sons:

</doc>
<doc id="19185787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185787" title="The Respected Comrade Supreme Commander Is Our Destiny">
The Respected Comrade Supreme Commander Is Our Destiny

The Respected Comrade Supreme Commander Is Our Destiny () is a 2008 North Korean film, described by the North Korean State news agency KCNA as a "documentary film".
It was screened at the People's Palace of Culture in Pyongyang in August 2008 for the 48th anniversary of Kim Jong-il's first steps in his Songun revolution leadership, and aimed at celebrating him as the author of the policy. Selected spectators included Party, army and state officials, as well as "officials of working people's organizations" and of "national institutions".
KCNA published the following review:

</doc>
<doc id="19185790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185790" title="Dahn Ben-Amotz">
Dahn Ben-Amotz

Dahn Ben-Amotz (, born Moshe Tehilimzeigger on April 13, 1924, died October 20, 1989) was an Israeli radio broadcaster, journalist, playwright, and author, as well as a former Palmah member. Despite having immigrated from Poland in 1938, he was often considered the epitome of the "Sabra", a native born Israeli Jew.
Biography.
Tehilimzeigger was born in 1924 in Równe (then in Poland, now in Ukraine), and was sent to the British Mandate of Palestine by his parents in 1938. His parents died in The Holocaust. 
In Palestine he attended the Ben Shemen Youth Village, where his counselor was Shimon Peres. He changed his name to Moshe Shimony and later changed it again to Dahn Ben-Amotz, feeling the latter had the right sabra sound. Reinventing his personal history to portray himself as a true native sabra, Ben-Amotz claimed to be an orphan who had relatives in some of the older Zionist settlements.
In the 1940s, he served in the Palmah and joined the Palyam during the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine, but spent the years of the 1948 Arab-Israeli War in Europe as a national emissary. After the war he worked for a short while as a Paris correspondent for Israeli papers. He then traveled to the United States and went to Hollywood. He made friends with Marlon Brando and Blackie Dammett, Anthony Kiedis's father, and had a small part in "A Streetcar Named Desire" (1951).
In the 1950s he returned to Israel. He was the star of the radio show "Three Men in a Boat", a weekly satirical review that became the country's most popular show, and wrote regularly for Israeli newspapers. In 1956 he published "A Bag of Fibs" with Haim Hefer, a collection of tall stories from the Palmah folklore, which gained cult status.
"Parents Meeting" (1962) was semi-autobiographical short story about the hardships of the new immigrants in an Israeli boarding school in the Yishuv. The screenplay for the movie "Siege" (1968), in which he also acted, dealt with the difficulties that a war widow faces in militaristic Israeli society. In 1972 he published his dictionary of Hebrew slang, which he co-wrote with Netiva Ben Yehuda. The novel "Does Not Give a Damn" (1973) told of a soldier who was wounded in battle and his rehabilitation efforts. His novel "To Remember, To Forget" (1968) revealed some autobiographical motifs – the protagonist is a young man who lost his family in the Holocaust and attempted (by changing his name) to re-create himself as a true sabra.
In the 1980s he was diagnosed with liver cancer. When his disease became known to the public, he also brought to light the truth about his personal history. He made a much-publicized trip to Poland that included a tour of Auschwitz. On April 8, 1989, he held a farewell party at the "Hamam" club in Jaffa, to which he invited 150 acquaintances. The invitees included Amos Keinan (a former rival), Amos Oz, Meir Shalev, Gila Almagor, Yaakov Agmon, Shlomo Artzi, Yosef Lapid, Yehudit Ravitz and Nurit Galron. After the party he made a trip to the US, to say goodbye to his children from his first marriage. He died in 1989 in Jaffa and was survived by two sons and two daughters. His funeral was held on October 22.
On January 11, 1992, journalist Amnon Dankner published a biography of Ben-Amotz, in which he argued that Ben-Amotz had incest with his mother when he was thirteen. He also claimed that in his last years, Ben-Amotz had forced himself on underage girls he would pick up in Jaffa. These claims led to a police investigation against some of Ben-Amotz's friends. The book stirred a scandal. Some saw it as exploding the myth of Dan Ben-Amotz, while many of his relatives, who were also Dankner's friends, threatened to file a libel suit against him and broke off contact with him.
In 2005, he was voted the 140th-greatest Israeli of all time, in a poll by the Israeli news website "Ynet" to determine whom the general public considered the 200 Greatest Israelis.

</doc>
<doc id="19185798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185798" title="Vering">
Vering

Vering is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19185828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185828" title="Starflight (disambiguation)">
Starflight (disambiguation)

Starflight may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19185838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185838" title="Edsbro">
Edsbro

Edsbro is a locality situated in Norrtälje Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 488 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19185841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185841" title="Walkin' in the Sun">
Walkin' in the Sun

"Walkin' in the Sun" is the 46th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1990 (see 1990 in music). It includes the single "She's Gone Gone Gone", Campbell's last Top 10 hit on the country music charts. The single itself was released via Universal Records, a short-lived label founded by Jimmy Bowen, instead.
Charts.
Singles - Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19185859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185859" title="Coral Triangle">
Coral Triangle

The Coral Triangle is a geographical term so named as it refers to a roughly triangular area of the tropical marine waters of Indonesia, Malaysia, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Solomon Islands and Timor-Leste that contain at least 500 species of reef-building corals in each ecoregion. This region encompasses portions of two biogeographic regions: the Indonesian-Philippines Region, and the Far Southwestern Pacific Region. The Coral Triangle is recognized as the global centre of marine biodiversity and a global priority for conservation. It also called the "Amazon of the seas" and covers 5.7 million square kilometers of ocean waters. Its biological resources sustain the lives of over 120 million people.
According to the Coral Triangle Knowledge Network, about $3 billion in fisheries exports and another $3 billion in coastal tourism revenues are derived as annual foreign exchange income in the region.
The WWF considers the region a top priority for marine conservation, and the organization is addressing the threats it faces through its Coral Triangle Program, launched in 2007.
Biodiversity.
More than 3,000 species of fish live in the Coral Triangle, including the largest fish - the whale shark, and the coelacanth. It also provides habitat to six out of the world's seven marine turtle species.:---)
The large area and extraordinary range of habitats and environmental conditions have played a major role in maintaining the staggering biodiversity of the Coral Triangle.
Threats.
The biodiversity and natural productivity of the Coral Triangle are under threat from poor marine management (including coastal development, and overfishing and destructive fishing), lack of political will, poverty, a high market demand and local disregard for rare and threatened species, and climate change. An estimated 120 million people live within the Coral Triangle, of which approximately 2.25 million are fishers who depend on healthy seas to make a living. These threats are putting at risk livelihoods, economies and future market supplies for species such as tuna. Studies have highlighted the alarming decline of coral cover in this region.
Conservation.
The Coral Triangle is the subject of high-level conservation efforts by the region's governments, nature conservation organizations such as World Wide Fund for Nature, The Nature Conservancy and Conservation International, and donor agencies such as the Asian Development Bank, the Global Environment Facility and USAID.
Delineation.
The primary criteria used to delineate the Coral Triangle were:
There is considerable overlap between the boundaries of the Coral Triangle that are based primarily on high coral biodiversity (more than 500 species), and the boundaries based on the area of greatest biodiversity for coral reef fishes.
Media.
The 2013 documentary film "Journey to the South Pacific" tells the story of Coral Triangle conservation against the backdrop of island life.

</doc>
<doc id="19185869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185869" title="Tracton">
Tracton

Tracton is a southeast County Cork parish, lying roughly 7 kilometres south of Carrigaline. It is named after Tracton Abbey, a Roman Catholic monastery that was in the area in medieval times. The parish GAA team were Intermediate County Hurling Champions in 1991. Irish Republican Diarmuid Lynch was born in Tracton.

</doc>
<doc id="19185903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185903" title="St. Laurence Foundation">
St. Laurence Foundation

The St. Laurence Foundation ("Laurentiistiftelsen") is an independent student hostel in Sweden for students at Lund University. The foundation belongs to the Catholic movement of the Church of Sweden. It was founded in 1938. Daily office is prayed and Mass celebrated in St. Laurence Church connected to the hostel.
When K. G. Hammar became Bishop of Lund in 1992, he did not want to be responsible for the episcopal oversight of St. Laurence Foundation. St. Laurence Foundation then sought episcopal oversight from bishop emeritus Bertil Gärtner and after his death from bishop emeritus Biörn Fjärstedt.
The current warden of the St. Laurence Foundation is Th.D. Carl-Johan Axskjöld.
"Societas Sancti Laurentii" is a confraternity founded in 1957 by students living in the St. Laurence Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19185907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185907" title="Kool-Aid">
Kool-Aid

Kool-Aid is a brand of flavored drink mix owned by Kraft Foods.
History.
Kool-Aid was invented by Edwin Perkins in Hastings, Nebraska. All of his experiments took place in his mother's kitchen. Its predecessor was a liquid concentrate called "Fruit Smack." To reduce shipping costs, in 1927, Perkins discovered a way to remove the liquid from "Fruit Smack", leaving only a powder. This powder was named "Kool-Aid". Perkins moved his production to Chicago in 1931 and Kool-Aid was sold to General Foods in 1953. Hastings still celebrates a yearly summer festival called Kool-Aid Days on the second weekend in August, in honor of their city's claim to fame. Kool-Aid is known as Nebraska's official soft drink.
An agreement between Kraft Foods and SodaStream International in 2012 made Kool-Aid's various flavors available for consumer purchases and use with SodaStream's home soda maker machine.
Production.
Kool-Aid is usually sold in powder form, in either packets or small tubs. The drink is prepared by mixing the powder with sugar and water (typically by the pitcher-full). The drink is usually served with ice or refrigerated and served chilled. Additionally, there are some sugar-free varieties. Kool-Aid is/was also sold as single-serving packets designed to be poured into bottled water, as small plastic bottles with pre-mixed drink, or as novelties (ice cream, fizzing tablets, etc.) Most consumers know Kool-Aid for its advertising character the Kool-Aid man.
Advertising and promotion.
Kool-Aid Man, an anthropomorphic pitcher filled with Kool-Aid, is the mascot of Kool-Aid. The character was introduced shortly after General Foods acquired the brand in the 1950s. In TV and print ads, Kool-Aid Man was known for randomly bursting through walls of children's homes and proceeding to make a batch of Kool-Aid for them. His catch phrase is "Oh, yeah!"
In 2013, Kraft decided to overhaul the Kool-Aid man, reimagining him as a CGI character trying to show that he's just an ordinary guy.
Starting in 2011, Kraft began allocating the majority of the Kool-Aid marketing budget towards Latinos. According to the brand, almost 20 percent of Kool-Aid drinkers are Hispanic, and slightly more than 20 percent are African-American.

</doc>
<doc id="19185932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185932" title="Denby Browning">
Denby Browning

Denby Browning (born 21 June 1884) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19185954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185954" title="Claude Bryan">
Claude Bryan

Dr. Claude Vivian Joseph Bryan (23 December 1892 – 10 March 1960) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He played with Cananore in the TFL both before and after his VFL career. Bryan also represented Tasmania at the 1911 Adelaide Carnival.

</doc>
<doc id="19185967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185967" title="Hugh Boyd (footballer)">
Hugh Boyd (footballer)

Hugh Julian Boyd (born 24 April 1886) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19185981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19185981" title="Northumberland College">
Northumberland College

Northumberland College is a further education college based in Ashington, Northumberland, England. The present site opened in 1957, became the County Technical College in 1961, transformed again in 1987, becoming the Northumberland College of Arts and Technology, and finally settled upon its current status in 1995. 
It has a main campus in Ashington in the south east of the county and additional centres at Kirkley Hall, Hexham and Berwick.
The college offers outreach courses from a number of smaller community venues throughout the county and on its Mobile Learning Centre, which travels to communities and businesses around the county. 
Northumberland College provides further education courses to school leavers and adult learners in a wide range of subjects, including access and education; art, design and interactive media; business and administration; construction; early years; engineering; essential skills; foundation learning; hairdressing and beauty therapy; health and social care; hospitality and catering; information technology; land based industries; renewable energies; sport and leisure; and travel and tourism. 
Higher education courses are also available, these include foundation degrees, HNCs and HNDs, which are run in partnership with a number of universities. The college also runs a wide range of apprenticeships and offers specialist training to employers.

</doc>
<doc id="19186002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186002" title="Jeremy Colman">
Jeremy Colman

Jeremy Colman was the Auditor General for Wales.
He was born in London in April 1948 and educated at The John Lyon School, Peterhouse, Cambridge, where he read Mathematics, and Imperial College, London.
He spent his early career in the civil service, including appointment as Private Secretary to successive holders of the post of Head of the Home Civil Service, and in the Treasury, where he played a leading role in the privatisation of British Airways and of the British Airports Authority. In 1988 he moved to the private sector, first as a Director of a major investment bank (County NatWest), and later as a partner in Price Waterhouse, based in Prague as Head of Corporate Finance. 
He joined the National Audit Office (NAO) in 1993, where for 12 years he was responsible for Private Finance Initiatives and Public-private partnerships, before being appointed as the first head of the new Wales Audit Office on 1 April 2005 for an eight-year term of office. He lives in Dinas Powys.
Colman resigned from his post on 3 February 2010, after an internal investigation found pornographic material on his work computer. South Wales Police began an investigation, and on 8 February arrested Colman on charges described as "possessing indecent images". Colman pleaded guilty to fifteen separate offences and, in November 2010, he was sentenced to eight months in jail.

</doc>
<doc id="19186006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186006" title="The Happs'">
The Happs'

The Happs’ (also known as Laime Pilnīga) is a successful hard rock rockband from Riga, Latvia.
Members.
The Happs’ are:
History.
The band was formed in Riga in the spring of 2006, but it all began in late winter of 2005 when Ervins Ramins (vocals) and Marcis Vasilevskis (guitar) decided to form a band based on rock from the 70's. First to join them was Janis Olekss (bass), whom at that time hadn’t listened to hard rock-music before, with his own jazzrock, funk style project. When Janis found the drummer Elvijs Mamedovs, which had previously played many different kinds of music in many bands, The Happs' was complete. Their first album came out in 2011 and it is called "Dual".
The first appearance of The Happs’ was in July 2006, in the 25th anniversary concert of “Pērkons”- one of the most progressive rockbands in Latvia. In October 2006 the band played their first concert with their own material in Riga. Since then until present, many concerts have been played in different places of Latvia, gladdening the fans of rock.
Achievements.
The band's achievements are:
This band has won two of the biggest band competitions in baltic states (coca-cola soundwave and rocklegion). Band also was performing on the second biggest music festival in Poland (coke live music festival) together with Tibaland, Kaiser CHiefs, The Prodigy, Missi Elliott, Sean Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="19186009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186009" title="Spas Bayraktarov">
Spas Bayraktarov

Spas Bayraktarov (born 7 May 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer playing as a midfielder.
Career.
Bayraktarov was raised in Levski Sofia's youth teams. Born in Plovdiv he went to Sofia at the age of 15. In June 2007 he signed his first professional contract with Lokomotiv Mezdra. One year later he moved to Varna and signed with local team Spartak. Bayraktarov made his debut in A PFG in a game against Lokomotiv Mezdra on 9 August 2008. He played for 64 minutes. The result of the match was a 2:0 win for Spartak. In 2010 he moved to Botev Vratsa.
External links.
Fc Eurocollege profile

</doc>
<doc id="19186020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186020" title="Alunda">
Alunda

Alunda is a locality situated in Östhammar Municipality, Uppsala County, Sweden with 2,317 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19186030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186030" title="Communauté de communes de Samer et environs">
Communauté de communes de Samer et environs

The communauté de communes de Samer et environs was created on December 31, 2001, and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département" in northern France.
It comprises the following eight communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19186031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186031" title="Panduit">
Panduit

Panduit is a global manufacturer of physical infrastructure solutions that support power, communications, computing, control, and security systems. The company has a global coverage of more than 4,000 employees with support in over 120 countries. Founded in 1955, Panduit is headquartered in Tinley Park, Illinois, USA.
Corporate affairs.
Panduit currently operates nine manufacturing facilities (four in the U.S., one each in Costa Rica, Mexico, China, Romania, the Netherlands and Singapore), each of which is ISO 9000 and ISO 14001 certified, and twelve global warehouses.
In June 2008, Panduit broke ground on a new corporate headquarters facility on a site in Tinley Park. The planned development includes an initial building and allows for future expansion to accommodate an additional 1,200 staff. Construction was completed in early spring 2010, with occupancy starting in March 2010.
The building is a realization of the UPI approach, and is expected to receive LEED Gold certification by the U.S. Green Building Council later this year.
Products and services.
Panduit delivers physical infrastructure solutions for application throughout several core areas: data center, connected buildings, enterprise networks, industrial automation, and OEM/MRO.
These solutions leverage strategic partnerships with industry leaders and incorporate innovative products from the following lines:
Unified physical infrastructure.
The term "unified physical infrastructure" or "UPI" denotes the convergence of physical layer systems (such as power, lighting, data, voice, and security) that today are separately deployed and managed. Panduit solutions use UPI principles to manage the risk and complexity associated with system convergence and integration, while also reducing cost and improving sustainability.
Industry analysts including Gartner and Frost and Sullivan have validated UPI as a concept that "alters the manner with which customers migrate from silo-based or proprietary architectures to more open, converged systems", and "encourages more frequent interaction between IT and facilities management personnel, so manufacturing uptime and flexibility requirements can be met."

</doc>
<doc id="19186033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186033" title="Adrian Farmer">
Adrian Farmer

Adrian Farmer (born 14 March 1895, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University.

</doc>
<doc id="19186040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186040" title="Primate's Square">
Primate's Square

Primate's Square () is a square situated in the middle of the Old Town of Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia. It is located between Slovak National Uprising Square and Main Square.
It is named after the Primate's Palace which stands on the southern side of the square. A Tourist Information Visitors Centre and Municipality of Bratislava are also found on the square. A narrow passage leads off from the northwest corner and down the side of the Jesuit Church to Main Square and the Old Town Hall.
Name.
In the past the square was named Jatočné Square, Obilné Square, Jánovo Square (meaning John's Square, after the baroque sculpture of Saint John of Nepomuk that used to stand next to the Old Town Hall). Later, it was called Batthyányho Square (meaning Batthyány's Square, after Cardinal Joseph Batthyány who had the Primate's Palace built in 1787).
Description.
The center of the square features a linden tree planted in 1896 during the country's Millennium Celebrations. There are several buildings around the square:

</doc>
<doc id="19186049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186049" title="Jack Change It">
Jack Change It

Jack Change It is a simple card game popular among children. It is usually played by two to six players, although theoretically it can be played with up to ten. This game is a shedding-type card game whose purpose is to discard all of your cards before your opponents.
Basic game.
Using two decks of cards, seven cards are dealt to each player, and the remaining card pack is placed between the players, with the top card turned face up beside the deck, often called the 'Pile'. The object of the game is to play all your cards before your opponent(s), and the winner is the player with no cards left.
The player to the left of the dealer plays first, choosing a card that matches either the suit or the rank of the card on the pile. If the player cannot play a card on this turn, then they fish a card from the deck. In any one go, the player may play multiple cards of the same rank, as long as the cards match the rank of the card on top of the pile, or the first card matches the suit of the top pile card, however a player may not play multiple cards on their final go. Also, a player can play a trick card on any go, expect on their final go, where if they have one card remaining and it is a trick card, then the player will have to fish from the deck.
Trick Cards.
A player cannot finish on any of the cards listed below, except in the case of queens which can be used to finish when only two players are participating, and the five of hearts, which can be used to finish in all games.
Ace Of Hearts.
This is regarded as the most powerful card available in the game. The player immediately on their left will have to pick up five cards from the deck. This cannot be passed on to another player but can be avoided by putting forward a five of hearts.
2s.
All twos in the deck that are played results in the player on the left having to fish two cards for every two played, unless the player can produce another two, resulting in the player to their left fishing two cards for every two played, from the deck. This can result in any one player fishing up to eight cards in total.
8s.
When an eight is played, the player whose turn it is next misses their turn, play passes to the next player.
Jacks.
When a jack is played, a player can switch play to any suit the player wishes (including the suit currently in play). The jack is regarded as the most powerful rank in the game. For example, if the player holds QH, 6H, JD, the player can play the card, saying "Jack Change It to 'Hearts'" and the next player plays on using cards of a heart suit only.
Queens.
The queens can only be used when three or more players are participating. When a queen is played, the play is "reverse to the playerand the player to the immediate right will take the next go, and play continues in this fashion until another queen is played. This is not the case when only two players are participating, as if the play is reversed to go in the opposite direction, that would still be towards the opposing player. This means the queen is only classified as a trick card with three or more players. Even when playing with more than two players the status of the Queen as a trick card is optional, and should be agreed on at the start of the game.
Other.
When there are no more cards in the deck, the top pile card is removed and placed to the side, and the remaining cards are shuffled and placed face down, and the game resumes.
Variations.
The game can be played in a number of different ways, such as:
7can be uses as a reversal except a cueen
Strategy.
Players should hold onto the trick cards until needed because if used early, the opponent can tell if the player has any trick cards to block any moves.

</doc>
<doc id="19186063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186063" title="Cyril Steele">
Cyril Steele

Henry Cyril Augustus Steele (11 June 1891 – 18 January 1939), commonly known as Cyril Steele, was an Australian rules footballer who played with University and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). His football career was cut short by the declaration of World War I, as he was sent to the Western Front with his three brothers. After his brothers were killed in action, he was sent home. Steele worked as a warehouseman and, after the war, he started his own company, Steele and Co. Pty. Ltd., which he was the managing director of. In 1938, he was elected to the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce. On 20 January 1939, Steele and his chauffeur, Alfred Jackson, were declared missing after the boat they were on "was apparently blown out to sea". A search was held, but his body was not recovered until four days later, on 24 January 1939. He was survived by his wife and children, to whom he left his £141,460 estate.

</doc>
<doc id="19186069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186069" title="Ollie Hancock">
Ollie Hancock

Ollie Hancock (born August 25, 1987 in Windsor, Berkshire) is a British racing driver. Hancock is the son of historic racing driver Anthony Hancock, and the younger brother of sportscar racer Sam Hancock.
Career.
Formula Ford.
Hancock began karting at the age of eight, however he competed in just five races due to a lack of budget. However, he preferred to hone his motorsport fill by riding motorcycles around the Hancock family home. He eventually moved into single-seaters in 2003, competing in the winter series of the Classic Formula Ford 2000 championship, campaigning a Van Diemen RF82. He would go on to win the championship.
Hancock moved up into the series full-time in 2004, and would finish up second overall, just a point behind the champion; achieving four pole positions, a win and ten podiums in the process. He did not acquire a sufficient budget for the 2005 racing season, but instead of sitting out the whole season, Hancock chose to improve his technical ability by taking the #2 mechanic role at the Formula Renault UK team Welch Motorsport, in the hope of returning to racing in 2006. He did return to the series in 2006 but again finished as runner-up, despite three wins, three poles and podiums in every race.
Formula Renault.
Hancock moved up to the Formula Renault BARC Championship for 2007, competing for Mark Burdett Motorsport. He finished as the best rookie driver in the championship, in third overall, with two pole positions and a win all coming at Silverstone. He continued in the series in 2008, and dominated the championship, wrapping up the title with a round to spare. Five wins, three poles and six fastest laps allowed him to sit out the Silverstone finale, as he already had a 44-point lead over closest challenger Johannes Seidlitz. During the season, the British Racing Drivers' Club awarded him with a Rising Star invitation to that particular scheme. 
Hancock planned to graduate the main Formula Renault UK championship for the season finale at Brands Hatch, but decided to focus on his 2009 campaign instead. He raced in the first twelve rounds of the championship, before encountering budgetary troubles. His best finish was fourth in the second race at Donington Park.
Formula Two.
Hancock moved up to the FIA Formula Two Championship starting with the rounds at Oschersleben. He replaced the late Henry Surtees in the championship, but did not drive his #7 machine. He instead competed in car number 44. He finished 25th in the championship, with no points.

</doc>
<doc id="19186072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186072" title="Asabot">
Asabot

Asabot is a town in eastern Ethiopia. Named after a nearby mountain, this town is located in the Mirab Hararghe Zone of the Oromia Region, with a latitude and longitude of . It is served by a railway station on the Addis Ababa - Djibouti Railway.
Between 1954 and 1967 telephone service reached the town. Mobile telephone service was introduced to Asabot May 2009. A local landmark is the church, dedicated to Haile Selassie ("Holy Tinity"), which was decorated with paintings by the artist Emailaf Heruy in the 1930s.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, this town has an estimated total population of 13,130, of whom 6,767 are men and 6,363 are women. The 1994 national census reported Asabot had a total population of 7,335, of whom 3,670 were men and 3,665 were women. It is one of five towns in Mieso woreda.

</doc>
<doc id="19186087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186087" title="Beelarongia">
Beelarongia

Beelarongia is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Late Devonian period (Frasnian stage, about 375 to 385 million years ago). Fossils have been found in Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19186088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186088" title="Reg McGillicuddy">
Reg McGillicuddy

Ernest "Reg" McGillicuddy is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne University in the Victorian Football League in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="19186096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186096" title="La Princesse">
La Princesse

La Princesse is a 15-metre (50-foot) mechanical spider designed and operated by French performance art company La Machine. The spider was showcased in Liverpool, England, as part of the 2008 European Capital of Culture celebrations, travelling around the city between 3-7 September. In 2009, it was on display in Yokohama, Japan, as part of Yokohama's 150th anniversary of its port opening.
Appearances.
On 3 September the spider appeared for the first time on the side of Concourse House, a derelict tower block in Lime Street, which had been designed by architect Richard Seifert and was scheduled for demolition. On the morning of 5 September, the spider was removed from the tower block to the Albert Dock, and it became active at lunchtime, moving in a small area and spraying the public with water. In the evening the spider travelled from the Albert Dock to the Cunard Building, via Salthouse Dock. 
On 6 September the spider travelled through the streets of Liverpool, walking from the Cunard Building via Water Street, Castle St, Lord St, Parker St and Ranelagh Place back to Concourse House, passing many of Liverpool's iconic landmarks in the process. On 7 September the spider travelled from Concourse House to the Queensway Tunnel. Watched by tens of thousands of people, it investigated the area outside the Queensway Tunnel's entrance, setting off huge water cannons and flames around the area, followed by hundreds of fireworks which detonated above the spider and the public. The spider backed into the tunnel's entrance, its last appearance in its "nest" city of Liverpool. 
The spider was accompanied by musicians who played specially composed music by Dominique Malan, the special effects were designed by Thierry Loridant and the costumes were designed by Gaelle Choveau. 
Design.
The spider was designed by La Machine's François Delarozière, who also designed the mechanical elephant and the giant girl for Royal de Luxe's performance of The Sultan's Elephant which visited London in May 2006. Both projects were brought to the UK by the company and charitable trust Artichoke. The spider was built in Nantes in France, using steel and poplar wood and complex hydraulics, and took an entire year to construct. It was shipped to Merseyside and assembled in a secret location, the Cammell Laird shipyard in Birkenhead. It weighs 37 tonnes, has 50 axes of movement and is operated by up to 12 people strapped to its body. When operated, it moves at 2 miles per hour; to move it around the streets requires 16 cranes, six forklift trucks, eight cherry pickers and 250 crew. The spider had seven different special effects: rain, flame, smoke, wind, snow, light and sound. Street lights and a roundabout outside the Queensway Tunnel entrance were removed to allow its progress.
Cost.
The project, which was free to the public, cost between £1.8 and £1.9 million to stage, of which £1.5 million came from the Liverpool Culture Company (in turn funded by the city, the Arts Council and the Department of Culture, Media and Sport). The cost of the project has been defended by Phil Redmond, who is responsible for the performance as Liverpool Culture Company's artistic director. He said "At £1.5m I think it's actually cheaper than (booking) Macca (Sir Paul McCartney) and it has got us on the front of the South China Morning Post. So it's good value for money." However, the project has come in for criticism in some quarters: the UK mental health charity Anxiety has highlighted the potentially traumatic effect of the production upon those suffering with arachnophobia,"and the TaxPayers' Alliance has called the artwork an "outrageous waste of taxpayers' money". The vast majority of the public response was positive, however, with most of the belief that "The Liverpool Princesse's" performance was the highlight of the city's Capital of Culture 2008 celebrations. On 8 September, "BBC North West Tonight", a regional news programme, revealed that plans were afoot to secure La Princesse to stay permanently in Liverpool, and talks had already been held with La Machine. 
Although the event was free to the public, there has been a shortfall of between £300,000 and £400,000 in funding for the project, exacerbated by the falling exchange rate with the Euro, the currency in which the French participants are paid. Artichoke has appealed for donations to help fund the project.
Story.
The performance artists of La Machine created a story about the spider. Fearing the spider was about to lay eggs, scientists removed it to Albert Dock to quarantine it and to perform experiments on it. A performance artist playing scientist Joseph Browning gave interviews to the press. Arts reviewer Lyn Gardner wrote in "The Guardian" "There were times when it seemed to be leading the entire population of the city on a merry dance, like some kind of arachnid pied piper."

</doc>
<doc id="19186114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186114" title="Roger Wolcott Richardson">
Roger Wolcott Richardson

Roger Wolcott Richardson (30 May 1930 – 15 June 1993) was a mathematician noted for his work in representation theory and geometry. He was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and educated at Louisiana State University, Harvard University and University of Michigan, Ann Arbor where he obtained a Ph.D. under the supervision of Hans Samelson. He emigrated in 1970, and subsequently worked in the United Kingdom and Australia.
Richardson’s best known result states that if "P" is a parabolic subgroup of a reductive group, then "P" has a dense orbit on its nilradical, i.e., one whose closure is the whole space. This orbit is now universally known as the Richardson orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="19186115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186115" title="John Williams (barrister)">
John Williams (barrister)

John Williams (12 September 1757 – 27 September 1810) was a Welsh lawyer and writer on legal topics.
Life.
Williams was born near Carmarthen and educated at Carmarthen Grammar School before matriculating at Jesus College, Oxford, in 1773. He moved to Wadham College, Oxford, later the same year, and graduated with degrees of BA (1776) and MA (1781). He became a Fellow of Wadham in 1780, acting as librarian (1781–82) and humanity lecturer (1782), resigning his fellowship in 1792. In the meantime he had joined Middle Temple and was called to the bar in 1784. He was appointed a serjeant-at-law in 1794, and a king's serjeant in 1804.He died in London and was buried in the Temple Church. 
Works.
His writings included the tenth and eleventh editions (with Richard Burn) of Blackstone's "Commentaries on the Laws of England" (1787 and 1791) and the third edition of Sir Edmund Saunders's "Reports of Cases and Pleadings in the Court of King's Bench in the Reign of Charles II", with additional notes and references. These notes were retained in later editions and were eventually issued on their own in an edition by his son, the judge Sir Edward Vaughan Williams. 
Family.
In 1789 he married Mary, eldest daughter of Charles Clarke of Foribridge, near Stafford. By her he had three sons: Charles; Edward Vaughan; and John, a colonel in the Royal Engineers. There were also three daughters, of whom Mary married August Edward Hobart, 6th Earl of Buckinghamshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19186119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186119" title="Holden SST">
Holden SST

The Holden SST was a one-off concept car produced by Holden, unveiled at the Melbourne Motor Show in 2004. The SST had a step-side utility design and was based on the Holden One-Tonner. The SST was fitted with 18-inch front wheels and 19-inch rear wheels. Power was provided by the Generation III V8 engine used in other Holden models. The design of the rear of the car differed from the production Holden ute at the time with a moulded Holden logo in the tailgate and stacked, twin circular tail lights.
The SST was a result of Holden's efforts to emphasise the versatility of the then-new One-Tonner in late-2003 and the project was completed in under two months.

</doc>
<doc id="19186135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186135" title="King of Thorns">
King of Thorns

King of Thorns may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19186143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186143" title="Bungalow, Isle of Man">
Bungalow, Isle of Man

The Bungalow is situated adjacent to the 31st Milestone roadside marker on the Snaefell Mountain Course on the road junction of the primary A18 Mountain Road, A14 Sulby Glen Road and the road-tramway crossing for the Snaefell Mountain Railway in the parish of Lezayre in the Isle of Man.
The Bungalow tramway-crossing was part of the Highland Course and Four Inch Course used for the Gordon Bennett Trial and Tourist Trophy automobile car races held in the Isle of Man between 1904 and 1922. The Bungalow is part of the Snaefell Mountain Course used since 1911 for the Isle of Man TT and from 1923 for the Manx Grand Prix Races.
The area is dominated by Snaefell Mountain with an elevation of 621m (2036 feet) above sea level and the nearby summits of Beinn-y-Phott (544m), Mullagh Ouyr (491m), Carraghan (500m), Clagh Ouyr (551m) and North Barrule (565m). There is also a tramway crossing for the Snaefell Mountain Railway on the A18 Mountain Road and the adjacent Bungalow Station. The name derives from the former Bunaglow Hotel, a Swiss Chalet design, modular-kit wood-built structure with corrugated roof erected by the Isle of Man Tramway and Electrical Power Co, Ltd as part of the Snaefell Mountain Railway. It was rented to Isle of Man Breweries Ltd for £35 per annum in 1900. The Bungalow Hotel was demolished during the winter of 1958 and replaced with a small concrete shelter designed by D.W.Calder. This shelter was in turn demolished in 2002 and replaced by the current Bungalow Station for the Snaefell Railway. The former Ministry of Defence buildings at the Bungalow were occupied by the Murray's Motorcycle Museum, now closed.

</doc>
<doc id="19186148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186148" title="Roberto Linares">
Roberto Linares

Roberto Linares (born on February 10, 1986) is a footballer (forward) from Cuba playing currently for FC Villa Clara. He is a member of Cuba national football team. During 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign he scored four goals in seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19186163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186163" title="Frederick George Holweck">
Frederick George Holweck

Frederick George Holweck (Friedrich Georg) (1856–1927) was a German-American Roman Catholic priest and scholar, hagiographer and church historian.
Life.
He was a priest in St. Louis, from 1889 to 1892 as assistant pastor at the St. Francis de Sales Church, and from 1892 to 1903 as pastor at the St. Aloysius Gonzaga Church, in a temporary structure, for a mostly German congregation. He returned to the St. Francis de Sales Church in 1903 as pastor, in a time of reconstruction after the damage by the tornado of 1896. The church was completed in 1908.
His 1892 Freiburg dissertation collected 940 Marian feasts and customs. He supported the St Louis Catholic Historical Society, as an original researcher into the local history of the diocese and in other fields. His manuscripts are held by Saint Louis University.
At the end of his life he was honored with the title Monsignor, and appointment as domestic prelate to the Pope.

</doc>
<doc id="19186168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186168" title="Jesuit Church, Bratislava">
Jesuit Church, Bratislava

The Holy Saviour Church (, "Jezuitský kostol") also called the Jesuit Church, is an originally protestant church from the 17th century on the Franciscan Square in the Old Town of Bratislava, Slovakia. Today, the church belongs to the Society of Jesus, known as the Jesuit Order.
Location.
It is located next to the Old Town Hall (Bratislava).
History.
The church was built from 1636 to 1638 as a place of worship for the protestants as there was a growing number of protestants of German ethnicity in the city. By the King's decree the church could not resemble a Roman-Catholic house of worship in any way; so it was built without a spire, presbytery and lacking entrance from the main street.

</doc>
<doc id="19186177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186177" title="Āfdem">
Āfdem

Āfdem ()is a town is east central Ethiopia. Located in the Shinile Zone of the Somali Region. It is the administrative center of Afdem woreda. It sprawls on a wide basin surrounded by granitic mountains on all sides.
Āfdem lies at the base of its namesake Mount Afdem, a volcanic cone with a denuded caldera. Postal service for the town began at least as early as 1944; Āfdem had phone service by 1967.
Āfdem is served by a railway station on the Addis Ababa - Djibouti Railway.
History.
The time of the Italian occupation of Ethiopia, the steam engines were Littorina replaced locomotives, which shortened the travel time between Addis Ababa and Dire Dawa from two days to one day. The trains stopped now about noon on Awash, and the station Afdem therefore lost in importance. In 1984 the village had 805 inhabitants. Āfdem was given an important boost with the arrival of the railway. By the early 1930s, the town had an important railway station because trains traveling both directions would pass each other there. Town amenities included a telegraph station and a good restaurant with some hotel rooms. By 1962, Āfdem was located on a dry-weather that ran from Mieso to Gota.
Climate.
Āfdem features a somewhat rare version of a highland climate with warm, but not hot, summers and cool winters. The town is known for its pleasant climate during the summer periods. Between mid May and early September. The annual high temperature is an average of 27.7° C and low 13.5° C.
Demographics.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency of Ethiopia published in 2005, Āfdem has an estimated total population of 2,129 of whom 1,092 are men and 1,037 women.
The 1997 census reported this town had a total population of 1,428 of whom 721 were men and 707 women. The three largest ethnic groups reported in this town were the Somali (69.54%), the Oromo (20.93%), and the Amhara (7.63%); all other ethnic groups made up the remaining 1.9% of the residents.

</doc>
<doc id="19186192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186192" title="Mordechai Ben-Porat">
Mordechai Ben-Porat

Mordechai Ben-Porat (, born Mordechai Kezaz on 12 September 1923) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister without Portfolio from July 1982 until January 1984. During his four terms in the Knesset, he represented five different parties.
Biography.
Born in Baghdad in Iraq, Ben-Porat made aliyah in 1945. He joined the Haganah in 1947 and fought in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. He helped organise the mass immigration of Iraqi Jews between 1949 and 1951, during which he was arrested four times by the Iraqi authorities. He later studied political science at the Tel Aviv adjunct of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and administration at Tel Aviv University.
A member of Mapai, in 1955 he became head of Or Yehuda's local council, a post he held until 1969. When David Ben-Gurion left Mapai to found Rafi, Porat followed him. In 1965 he was elected to the Knesset on Rafi's list. During the Knesset term the party merged into the Labor Party, which then became part of the Alignment. He was re-elected on the Alignment list in 1969. and between 1970 and 1972 served as the Labor Party's deputy secretary.
He was re-elected again in 1973, but on 15 March 1977 left the party to sit as an independent MK. He subsequently lost his seat in the May 1977 elections. In 1979 he was involved with the Jewish Agency's efforts to help Jews leave Iran.
In 1981 he joined the new Telem party, and was elected to the Knesset on its list in the elections that year. In July 1982 he was appointed Minister without Portfolio. On 6 June 1983 Telem split and Ben-Porat established the Movement for the Renewal of Social Zionism. He remained in the cabinet until 31 January 1984, and lost his seat in the elections that year. In 1988 he joined Likud.
Awards.
In 2001 he was awarded the Israel Prize for his lifetime achievements and special contribution to society and the State of Israel, in particular for his role in rescuing the Jews of Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="19186193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186193" title="D22">
D22

D22, D.22 or D-22 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19186222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186222" title="Léo Inácio">
Léo Inácio

Leo Inacio Nunes (commonly known as Leo Inacio or, in Brazil, as Leonardo Inácio) (born September 14, 1976 in Rio de Janeiro) is an Brazilian soccer player last played for Miami FC in the USL First Division.
Career.
Professional.
Leo Inacio began his playing career in his native Brazil, playing for a string of Brazilian teams, including notables such as Flamengo, Vasco da Gama and Grêmio.
After a brief stop in Belgium, where he played with FC Brussels, Leo Inacio signed with Miami FC during the 2008 USL First Division season.

</doc>
<doc id="19186225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186225" title="Strontium sulfide">
Strontium sulfide

Strontium sulfide is the inorganic compound with the formula SrS. It is a white solid. The compound is an intermediate in the conversion of strontuim sulfate, the main strotium ore called celestite, to other more useful compounds.
Production and reactions.
Strontium sulfide is produced by the reduction of the sulfate above 1000 °C:
About 300,000 tons are processed in this way annually. Both luminous and nonluminous sulfide phases are known, impurities, defects, and dopants being important.
As expected for a sulfide salt of alkaline earth, the sulfide hydrolyzes readily:
For this reason, samples of SrS have an odor of rotten eggs.
Similar reactions are used in the production of commercially useful compounds, including the most useful strontium compound, strontium carbonate.
Strontium nitrate can also be prepared in this way.

</doc>
<doc id="19186230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186230" title="Office of Consumer Affairs (Canada)">
Office of Consumer Affairs (Canada)

The Office of Consumer Affairs is a Canadian government agency of Industry Canada which is responsible for consumer protection and promotion. The OCA is mandated "to these responsibilities by building trust in the marketplace so that consumers can both protect themselves and be able to confidently and knowledgeably drive demand for innovative products and services at competitive prices".

</doc>
<doc id="19186234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186234" title="8 bore">
8 bore

Eight bore, 8 bore, or 8 gauge is an obsolete caliber used commonly in the 19th-century black-powder firearms. It may refer to either rifles or shotguns. It is the size between the larger four bore and the smaller ten bore. In modern times, this size of shotgun shell has a use in cleaning kilns, by blasting away deposits from a distance, this can be done while the kiln is in operation in some instances. Various loadings are in production for different industrial uses.

</doc>
<doc id="19186241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186241" title="Safari West">
Safari West

Safari West is a private wildlife preserve located in Sonoma County, California, United States. 
The selection of wildlife emphasizes species native to Africa, including giraffes, rhinoceros, cheetahs, and numerous species of birds. The park engages in breeding programs that, through exchanges with other zoos and parks, keep the gene pool healthy for the species that are involved in the program. The park is also home to species that are considered to be extinct in the wild.
The park, one of six accredited private zoos in the United States, combines wild animal care with vacation lodging. The establishment was started in the early 1970s on a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills, California owned by Otto Lang, a film director who worked on The Man from U.N.C.L.E., Sea Hunt, Flipper, and Daktari. Peter Lang, his son, inspired by his father's interest in animals, began to keep wild animals on the ranch.
After selling the Beverly Hills property, for use as a park, Lang moved the operation to a larger ranch near Calistoga, California in 1978, and then in 1989 to its present location on a former sheep ranch near Santa Rosa, California. In 1993 he opened it to children's tours, and later added overnight lodging, safari tours, and a restaurant. As of 2013, it had about 850 animals of approximately 50 animal species.
Comparable establishments include Fossil Rim Wildlife Center in Glen Rose, Texas, and the Vision Quest Safari bed-and-breakfast in Salinas, California

</doc>
<doc id="19186256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186256" title="Pattabiram">
Pattabiram

Pattabiram () is a suburb situated on the western part of Chennai (formerly known as Madras), India. The town, which falls under the local administrative limits of Avadi Municipality, is about 25 km from the Chennai Central Railway station.
Transportation.
Railways and roadways.
Pattabiram is served by suburban trains, which connects it to different parts of Chennai City, especially Chennai Central and Chennai Beach Railway stations. All trains bound for Thirvallur, Arakkonam and Pattabiram Military Siding stop at Pattabiram Railway station, with the exception of a few fast trains. The suburb is also served by a number of Chennai Metropolitan buses from different parts of the city and surrounding suburban areas.
MTC Bus Routes
On 4 October 2013, the Tamil Nadu Highways department issued a GO extending the entire stretch of the road till Tirutani to 6 lanes at a cost of 1,680 million, by means of land acquisition from 12 villages. In the first phase, the road will be widened to 100 ft (4 lanes) with center median at a cost of 980 million.
Train.
All normal EMU trains bound to Thiruvallur, Arakkonam, Kadambathur, Thiruvalangadu and Tirutani starting from Chennai Central and Chennai Beach halt at Pattabiram. Separate station is for Pattabiram Military Siding also situated North side from Pattabiram Railway station.
Educational Institutions.
Among the major institutions in Pattabiram is an old and famous Hindu college affiliated to the University of Madras. There are also quite a few engineering and arts colleges within the vicinity, including A.M.S College of Engineering, Jaya Engineering College, and Jaya College of Arts and Science.
Schools.
Schools located in the Pattabiram area include:
Industries.
One of the Pattabiram's major industries is, now defunct, Southern Structural Limited, a factory which produced pressure vessels, steel fabrication, and container-handling cranes. Opened in 1958, the company was owned by Tamil Nadu Govt, with a total of 850 employees.
Hospitals.
Pattabiram is served by
Sports.
Among the locale's notable residents is Ms. Kavitha, who hails from the Sekkadu area of Pattabiram. She became an Asian gold medalist in Kabaddi.

</doc>
<doc id="19186295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186295" title="Glenn Goerke">
Glenn Goerke

Glenn Allan Goerke (born May 15, 1931) is a former president/chancellor of the University of Houston, the University of Houston–Clear Lake, the University of Houston–Victoria, and Indiana University East. Goerke also served as an interim chancellor of the University of Houston System. He holds an undergraduate degree from Eastern Michigan University, and a doctorate from Michigan State University.

</doc>
<doc id="19186304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186304" title="The Beauty of Fractals">
The Beauty of Fractals

The Beauty of Fractals is a 1986 book by Heinz-Otto Peitgen and Peter Richter which publicises the fields of complex dynamics, chaos theory and the concept of fractals. It is lavishly illustrated and as a mathematics book became an unusual success.
The book includes a total of 184 illustrations, including 88 full-colour pictures of Julia sets. Although the format suggests a coffee table book, the discussion of the background of the presented images addresses some sophisticated mathematics which would not be found in popular science books. In 1987 the book won an Award for distinguished technical communication.
Summary.
The books starts with a general introduction to Complex Dynamics, Chaos and Fractals. In particular the Feigenbaum scenario and the relation to Julia Sets and the Mandelbrot set is discussed. The following special sections provide in depth detail for the shown images: Verhulst Dynamics, Julia Sets and Their Computergraphical Generation, Sullivan's Classification of Critical Points, The Mandelbrot Set, External Angles and Hubbard Trees, Newton's Method for Complex Polynomials: Cayley's Problem, Newtons's Method for Real Equations, A Discrete Volterra-Lotka System, Yang-Lee Zeros, Renormalization (Magnetism and Complex Boundaries).
The book also includes invited Contributions by Benoît Mandelbrot, Adrien Douady, Gert Eilenberger and Herbert W. Franke, which provide additional formality and some historically interesting detail. Benoit Mandelbrot gives a very personal account of his discovery of fractals in general and the fractal named after him in particular. Adrien Douady explains the solved and unsolved problems relating to the almost amusingly complex Mandelbrot set.
The images.
Part of the text was originally conceived as a supplemented catalogue to the exhibition Frontiers of Chaos of the German Goethe-Institut, first seen in Europe and the United States. It described the context and meaning of these images. The images were created at the "Computer Graphics Laboratory Dynamical Systems" at the University of Bremen in 1984 and 1985. Dedicated software had to be developed to make the necessary computations which at that time took hours of computer time to create a single image. For the exhibit and the book the computed images had to be captured as photographs. Digital image capturing and archiving were not feasible at that time.
The book was cited and its images were reproduced in a number of publications. Some images were even used before the book was published. The cover article of the "Scientific American" August 1985 edition showed some the images and provided reference to the book to be published.
One particular image sequence of the book is the close up series "seahorse valley". While the first publication of such a close up series was the June 1984 cover article of the Magazine "Geo", "The Beauty of Fractals" provided the first such publication within a book.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19186371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186371" title="Nikki Jayne">
Nikki Jayne

__notoc__
Nikki Jayne (born Samantha Haywood; June 10, 1985 in Manchester, England) is the pseudonym of a pornographic actress who grew up in Wigan, England.
Film career.
Born in Manchester, she grew up in the Wigan suburb of Beech Hill and attended St John Fisher High. She also, with the help of some of her friends, ran the tea club at Sacred Heart Catholic Church in Springfield, but quit that in her early teens after discovering other things in life. When she was 18, she had a breast implant operation and went from a 34A to a 34C. After leaving school, she attended a local F.E. college and studied performing arts, business studies and psychology. but quit after just three months. She then got a job selling advertising for the Wigan Reporter newspaper, where she worked for three-and-a-half years. After quitting that, Haywood worked part-time as a fitness instructor while at the same time working as a glamour model. Contrary to some reports, Jayne is not a Wiccan; this is partly due to a mix-up from people misreading Wigan.
In 2007, Nikki Jayne visited the ETO Show in Birmingham, where she worked modelling evening gowns. While there, she was introduced to Gazzman and Dave from Harmony Films Three days later, she was in the Czech Republic filming her first scene which was released as "The Initiation of Nikki Jayne".
Nine months later, Jayne was contacted by LA Direct Models who invited her to come to Los Angeles; in June 2008, she signed a contract with Vivid Entertainment.
In April 2009, it was announced that she would be writing an advice column for the British magazine "Men's World Magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="19186389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186389" title="Education in Fairfield, Connecticut">
Education in Fairfield, Connecticut

Fairfield, Connecticut has a total of 16 public schools. There are a total of seven private elementary schools, two private high schools, and two private universities located in Fairfield.
Fairfield Public Schools.
Fairfield's public schools are governed by a large administrative body, as well as a nine-member elected Board of Education.

</doc>
<doc id="19186397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186397" title="Vincentian British">
Vincentian British

Vincentian British people are citizens or residents of the United Kingdom whose ethnic origins lie fully or partially in the Caribbean nation of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. The 2001 UK Census recorded 7,091 people born in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.

</doc>
<doc id="19186399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186399" title="4 bore">
4 bore

Four bore or 4 bore is an obsolete black powder caliber of the 19th century, used for the hunting of large and potentially dangerous game animals. The specifications place this caliber between the larger two bore and the lesser six bore. This caliber was the quintessential elephant gun caliber of the black powder safari rifles.
Specifications.
The name derives out of an old English practice of bore measurements in gunmaking, meaning a perfectly round pure lead ball that exactly fits the bore of the weapon would weigh 1/4 lb -- that is, (see gauge). The 4 bore was made to fire roundballs of 1/4 pound lead, or approximately 1750 grains (1750 gr.) and approximately calibre (more precisely, , when shooting pure lead bullets). This varied greatly as in muzzle loader days shotgun gauges were custom made and often differed from the actual bore measurements. Commonly, 4 gauges were closer to .935-.955 calibre, pertaining to a 1400 gr. alloyed lead ball and closer to 5 gauge.
History 1750-1880.
As European settlers found early on, their regular muskets were inadequate against dangerous African game. Early gun adaptations were to use smoothbore shotguns with extra long barrels and round balls.
By the mid-19th century, 12, 10, 8 and 4 bore muskets had been strengthened and bulked up for much larger charges. Shooting dangerous game was still at this stage as much about being able to gallop away on horseback to reload and fire again, some times up to 30 times when after an elephant.
The first 4 bores were probably single barrel muzzleloaders converted from British fowling pieces that were, in essence, slug guns. Loads (bullet weights and gunpowder loads) varied greatly. As the weight and strength increased, gunpowder loads went from 8 drams (0.5 oz) to a full ounce (16 drams), or more, of powder. The advent of rifling after about 1860 allowed longer conical projectiles to be stabilised, and, aside from accuracy, these provided even greater weight and penetration, with some hardened lead or steel bullets weighing as much as 2000 grains. The 4 bore was also occasionally used for shooting exploding projectiles. Although 4-bore firearms were commonly referred to as "rifles", smoothbore version of the weapon were actually more popular, and continued to be so throughout the era of four bore usage. Since dangerous game was shot at ranges under 40 yards, a smoothbore was sufficiently accurate, while at the same time providing higher velocities and lower recoil, and needing less cleaning. The prominent British gunmaker W.W. Greener even recommended against rifled firearms above the bore size of eight, with the four bores that he continued producing from then on being exclusively smoothbores. The smoothbore also, at least until the advent of breechloading, could be reloaded faster. 
Many famous elephant hunters during the 19th century used such weapons, including George P. Sanderson in India and William Finaughty and Frederick Courteney Selous in Southern Africa. Sanderson, in particular, mentioned two each four bore firearms that he used, one of which was rifled whilst the other was not. Although both weapons were of similar weights, the rifle was built to accommodate only one barrel with a powder charge only five-sixths that of the smoothbore, which was a double-barrel. Sanderson, in fact, discarded the rifle after a misfire of the weapon's cartridge almost led to his death, and the instance demonstrated the superiority of the smoothbore over the rifle in the case of an oversized firearm in his day in his mind. With the advent of breechloading cases in the late 19th century the 4 bore came into its current guise, that being the well-known 4-4.5" brass case.
The cartridge brass case was around long, and contained three types of loads: light at 12 drams, 14 drams at regular, and 16 drams of powder at heavy load. (Note: 1 dram = 27.34375 grains in the avoirdupois system, since 256 drams = 7000 grains = 1 pound of powder. Shotgun shells are still rated in terms of the same archaic dram measurements, relative to their equivalence of smokeless powder load to a black-powder load weighed in drams.) John "Pondoro" Taylor mentioned in his book "African Rifles and Cartridges" that the 12 drams (328 gr., 3/4 oz.) charge would propel the projectile at around . A double barreled rifle that would fire such a calibre would weight around 22-24 lb bare, while the single-barreled version would be around 17-18 lb. In common practice, the cartridge cases were not typically reloaded, as reliability was of the utmost importance, more important than a possible false cost savings from an attempt at reloading that might cost a hunter his life. Bullet lubrication was typically mostly beeswax based, such that in hot tropical climes there could be no possibility of a bullet lube melting from the base of the bullet, ruining the charge of powder within the cartridge. Reliability was the utmost concern.
Golden Age and later usage.
This caliber was used heavily by the European hunters, notably so the British and Dutch Boers, in tropical climates of Africa and India. A single barreled smoothbore percussion cap musket of between four to six gauge called a "roah" was the standard weapon among Boer hunters, until the common acceptance of breechloading rifles among their ranks in the 1850s. Many of the earliest British hunters adopted this practice from the Boers, with Selous being the best known amongst them. 
Meant to be used with black powder due to its size, it was unpopular due to the problem of thick smoke and a powerful recoil. Notable hunters that used the rifles included Sir Samuel White Baker and Frederick Selous, who used it consistently in his career as an ivory hunter of African elephants between 1874 and 1876 until the advent of the lighter, more accurate and less cumbersome Nitro Express calibers and cordite propellant. In the mid-1870s, Selous favoured a four bore black powder muzzleloader for killing elephant, a short barreled musket firing a quarter pound bullet with as much as 20 drams (540 grains) of black powder. He could wield it even from horseback. Between 1874 and 1876, he slew exactly seventy-eight elephants with that gun, but eventually there was a double loading incident together with other recoil problems from it, and he finally gave it up as too "upsetting my nerve".
Although a weapon of immense power, the four bore was far less effective than its Nitro Express successors because of the low penetration of its projectiles and its immense recoil. The huge lead slugs fired by the gun were sometimes capable of stunning a charging African elephant to stop it on its tracks, or turn its charge (causing it to change direction to avoid the hunter) but it was generally unable to kill the creature outright with a frontal brain shot. Chest and broadside shots were effective killers, as was the side shot on brain where the skull is thinner on elephant, however once again this did not help for instantly stopping an enraged elephant charging the hunter. On the other dangerous game species such as the Indian elephant, buffalo species and Rhino it was considered an excellent killer. The use of four bore elephant guns in fiction, such as in Allan Quatermain, the sequel to "King Solomon's Mines", was a common theme during the Golden Age of African hunting and in "Lost World" type adventure stories published in the late 19th Century and early 20th Century. The four bore also figures prominently in more recent fiction, such as "Unintended Consequences".
Stanley carried a 4 bore rolling block single shot rifle on his expedition to find Dr Livingstone.

</doc>
<doc id="19186410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186410" title="Pink-A-Rella">
Pink-A-Rella

Pink-A-Rella is the 56th cartoon produced in the "The Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
The story starts with a drunk witch, flying on a broomstick, dropping her wand which the Pink Panther discovers. He then uses it to see what it can do and then decides to help someone out with it. He sees a poor girl, dressed in rags, who wants to take part in a beauty contest to meet Pelvis Parsley (a parody of entertainer Elvis Presley).
The Panther then helps her out by transforming her into a beautiful girl with a beautiful house and a car. On the way to the contest the witch arrives and takes back her wand, but crashes into a clock tower. The Pink Panther realises it is midnight, and runs back to pull the girl out, but not before her slipper falls out. A while later, Pelvis Parsley arrives and finds that the slipper fits the girl, and takes her with him.
The witch, again drunk, drops her wand, and the Panther picks it up. They start fighting turning each other into a variety of objects, before the Pink Panther turns her into a female Pink Panther, slightly reluctant about the wand seeing any more use, snaps the wand into two, and flies away with her on the broomstick.
Censorship.
On U.S. television airings of "Pink-A-Rella" (particularly on NBC and the early days of Cartoon Network), the witch's alcoholic drink is replaced with a chicken drumstick and the words "champagne flight" were removed from the balloon on her broomstick.
Laugh track.
"The Pink Panther Show" contained a laugh track when the Pink Panther cartoons were broadcast on NBC. Though most American broadcasts mute the laughter, a laugh track version still airs on France Channel Gulli and Netflix streaming.

</doc>
<doc id="19186441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186441" title="Haiki Station">
Haiki Station

Station layout.
The station is at ground level with 2 platforms and 4 tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19186447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186447" title="Peter Štyvar">
Peter Štyvar

Peter Štyvar (born 13 August 1980 in Rožňava) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for ŠK SFM Senec. He's had spells in England with Championship side Bristol City and in Greece with Skoda Xanthi.
Club career.
He scored the winning goal in the 2008–09 UEFA Cup group stage game against Aston Villa for MŠK Žilina, which they won 2–1. He joined Bristol City on 1 January 2009, signing a two and a half year contract.
Štyvar made his Bristol City debut on 3 January against Premier League club Portsmouth in the FA Cup in a game that finished 0–0.
On 9 September 2010 Bristol City cancelled Styvar's contract.
International career.
Slovakia national manager Vladimír Weiss selected him for the friendly match against Greece on 20 August 2008, but Štyvar did not play in this match. His international debut came in second half the Slovakia vs. Ukraine friendly match on 10 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19186458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186458" title="Greek Rural Postmen and Their Cancellation Numbers">
Greek Rural Postmen and Their Cancellation Numbers

Greek Rural Postmen and Their Cancellation Numbers is a book edited by Derek Willan and published by the Hellenic Philatelic Society of Great Britain in 1994. The book is a work of postal history that describes the postmarks used by Greek rural postmen in the twentieth century since the rural post service was introduced in 1911.
The book is notable for its title. It won the Bookseller/Diagram Prize for Oddest Title of the Year in 1996, and in 2008 it also won a special "Diagram of Diagrams" prize for having the oddest title of any book over the past 30 years.
About.
"Greek Rural Postmen and Their Cancellation Numbers" looks at the history of Greek stamps in rural parts of the country and how they came to be cancelled by the Greek Postal Service. It is designed, "to encourage the collection of Greek stamps and to promote their study".
Diagram Prize.
The most notable achievement of the book is that its title is considered to be one of the oddest of any book ever published. It first won the Bookseller/Diagram Prize for Oddest Title of the Year in 1996, In 2008, a special "Diagram of Diagrams" prize was held in order to mark the 30th anniversary of the creation of the prize. "Greek Rural Postmen and Their Cancellation Numbers" was one of the candidates, along with all other previous winners. The book managed to win the top prize, earning 13% of the vote from around 1,000 voters. It won the prize despite another book, "People Who Don't Know They're Dead", leading the poll for most of the running. It came second with 11% of the vote, with "How to Avoid Huge Ships" coming third with 10%.
Philip Stone, charts editor at "The Bookseller", said that the reason why the book won was because the subject matter related to current news about post office closures. He said: "The papers are littered with news stories regarding the closure of local, rural post offices across Great Britain, and I sincerely believe that this title provides further proof to the current Government that the British public are passionate about the maintenance and continuation of local mail delivery services. And not just nationally, but internationally".

</doc>
<doc id="19186463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186463" title="Jack Beats">
Jack Beats

Jack Beats is an English electronic-music duo from London, formed in 2007 by DJ Plus One (from the Scratch Perverts) and Beni G (from The Mixologists). They are also multiple DJ champions and award-winning DJs The duo is known for wobbly basslines, big breakdowns and edgy "a capella"s are cut, copied and pasted together.
History.
The duo have been heavily championed on the electro scene by British disc jockeys Kissy Sell Out and Hervé.
In 2012, they signed to OWSLA, with releases of three extended plays.
Members.
Beni G (Ben Geffin) is a British DJ. He is one-half member of The Mixologists.
DJ Plus One (Niall Dailly) is a Scottish DJ. He won the DMC World DJ Championships in 2001. He is a former DJ on London's Kiss radio station. Dailly tours regularly with the Scratch Perverts.

</doc>
<doc id="19186464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186464" title="2 bore">
2 bore

Two bore or 2 bore is a mostly obsolete firearm caliber.
Specifications.
A historical two bore fired spherical balls or slugs of hardened lead or, in the modern metallic cartridge, additionally a solid bronze projectile. The nominal bore is , and projectiles generally weigh 8 ounces (225 grams; 3500 grains). The velocity is relatively low, at around at the muzzle, but develops approximately muzzle energy.
History and Background.
The largest size ever created for a shoulder rifle and used mainly in the 19th century for hunting large dangerous game animals. This caliber was used by European hunters, notably the British, in tropical climates of Africa and India. Loaded with black powder, it was unpopular due to thick smoke and excessive recoil. The rifle was fired from the shoulder by one person. Larger guns existed, such as the punt gun, but these were only fired supported and generally from a prone position. Sir Samuel White Baker, British explorer and hunter of the Victorian era, was impressed by its power, but heavily disapproved of the recoil. He narrates dashing adventures with his two-bore rifle, which he affectionately referred to as "Baby":
"

</doc>
<doc id="19186470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186470" title="Tourism in Georgia (country)">
Tourism in Georgia (country)

Tourism in Georgia, a country in the Caucasus with an ancient history, is actively encouraged by the Cabinet of Georgia through its Department of Tourism and Resorts of Georgia. in 2011 3 million tourists visited Georgia. By the plans of Georgian government in 2012 the number of tourists will reach 4 million.
The culture of Georgia is ancient and the local people are a mixture of ancient and modern.
Culture.
According to the Department of Tourism and Resorts of Georgia, the word wine comes from the word "g'vino" of the Georgian language, and the oldest archaeological remains related to grape seeds and winemaking have been found in Georgia, while today the country has over 500 varieties of grape.
Ecotourism.
25% of Georgia's territory is designated as protected national parks, and 40% of the national territory is covered by forests.
Safety.
A travel advisory had been announced during and after the 2008 South Ossetia war, with a severity described as "extreme danger", as there are risks from land mines and other inconveniences that are a result of war. Countries that have issued travel warnings include New Zealand, but not limited to it.
Practical information.
Georgia uses the standard Europlug (220 V, 50 Hz), the international dialing prefix is +995, it uses the metric system, and its currency is the lari (GEL or L).

</doc>
<doc id="19186471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186471" title="2006 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles">
2006 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles

Gastón Gaudio was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Carlos Moyà won the title, defeating Filippo Volandri 7–6(8–6), 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19186485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186485" title="Jim Capraro">
Jim Capraro

Jim Capraro is an American Community Organizer and activist. In the early 1970s he worked as a community organizer, pursuing the passage of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA) and the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA).
Jim Capraro assumed his position as the founding Executive Director of the Greater Southwest Development Corp. (GSDC) in January 1976, and continues as its Chief Executive Officer today. GSDC has been designated by the National Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation as a national "model" for commercial revitalization and was also selected by the Chicago Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) as the recipient of the “Outstanding Community Development Organization” award.
GSDC has achieved over $500 million in community development projects and created or retained over 6,000 jobs in its Southwest Chicago neighborhood, over the past 30 years. GSDC’s development projects range from small business to the creation of elderly housing, siting major retailers, and the $300 million expansion of the worlds largest bakery, Nabisco.

</doc>
<doc id="19186491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186491" title="List of 2008 motorsport champions">
List of 2008 motorsport champions

This list of 2008 motorsport champions is a list of national or international auto racing series with a Championship decided by the points or positions earned by a driver from multiple races.

</doc>
<doc id="19186506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186506" title="Kildwick and Crosshills railway station">
Kildwick and Crosshills railway station

Kildwick and Crosshills ["sic"] was a railway station off Station Road in Cross Hills, North Yorkshire (formerly West Riding of Yorkshire), England. It served the villages of Cross Hills, Cowling, Glusburn, Kildwick and Sutton-in-Craven. 
History.
The station was opened in late 1847 by the Leeds and Bradford Extension Railway, located between Cononley and Steeton and Silsden. The latter, which is about two miles from both Cross Hills and Kildwick, is now the nearest station to all five villages. The station was originally called Kildwick, then Kildwick and Cross Hills. The original station was located on a level crossing on the modern-day A6068 just south of its junction with the A629 at Kildwick roundabout on the River Aire. In 1889 the station, which by now had been renamed Kildwick and Crosshills and was owned by the Midland Railway, was relocated ¼ mile to the west, by a humpback bridge on the road now known as Station Road. 
Some former railway buildings have survived in this area, although they have been sold for other uses, but a signal box which stood beside the level crossing was demolished following the resignalling and electrification of the route in 1993–4. There is a former railway goods yard on the southern side of the track between the bridge and the level crossing and this is now used as a depot for road repairs by the local council.
The station was closed on 22 March 1965 but the line remains in use for freight, express passenger and local passenger trains. It is the main line from Leeds to Carlisle and Morecambe. Proposals have been put forward on several occasions to re-open the station in recent years, but none of these have been successful thus far (due to funding problems).
Accident.
Kildwick and Cross Hills station was the site of a serious accident in 1875, killing five and injuring 40. Late at night on 28 August, an excursion returning from Morecambe to Leeds was stopped at the station, at the request of the signalman who had noticed its rear light was not working. Despite his request, the same signalman allowed an Ingleton-to-Leeds mail train to follow just 4½ minutes behind. The signalman claimed the mail train was let through on a "caution" signal; the engine driver claimed the signal was "all clear". Approaching Kildwick station, the driver did not see a stop signal until it was too late, and hit the stationary passenger train at 15 mph. The accident could have been avoided if only the "timed interval" signalling system had been replaced by the "absolute block" system that the Midland Railway was already phasing in. Under the old system, trains were allowed to follow within five minutes of each other; under the new system, a section of track had to be completely clear before a train could enter it.

</doc>
<doc id="19186509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186509" title="Odessa National Maritime Academy">
Odessa National Maritime Academy

Odessa National Maritime Academy is a maritime college in Odessa, Ukraine. It was founded in 1944 as the Odessa Higher Engineering Marine School and renamed in 2002.
The studies are carried out according to the graded system. The terms of studies are the following: four years for bachelor, five and a half years for specialist and master. The system of ship's crew training is in compliance with the requirements of the International Convention of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers (STCW -78/ 95) and other international conventions which give graduates the right to work on all types of vessels of native and foreign companies.
History.
On June 7, 1944 formed above Odesa Marine College (OMC).
On May 29, 1958 OVMU renamed Odesa Higher Engineering Sea School (OVIMU).
On April 26, 1991 OVIMU converted to Odesa State Maritime Academy (Osma).
On September 21, 2002 Osma granted national status and name - Odesa National Maritime Academy (ONMA).
Over the years the Academy has trained nearly 40,000 professionals for the navy of the former USSR, Ukraine, and 45 foreign countries.
Campuses and buildings.
Material base ONMA: 7 educational buildings, training sailing ship "Friendship" Kursantsky town (crew) with 4 residential buildings, where there are: sports complex, swimming pool Olympic-class medical and sanitary unit, dining places by 1200 with modern equipment cafe, club.
Institutes and faculties.
Today The Academy includes Azov Maritime Institute of ONMA in Mariupol; Izmail Faculty of ONMA; the Seafaring College of Technical Fleet of ONMA and the Maritime College named after O.I. Marinesko of ONMA; Training and Certifying Center of Seafarers of ONMA, Training Centres equipped with modern facilities that meet world standards.
The Training and Methodical Centre of Pre-Higher School Education with access courses is also a part of ONMA. Forms of Education: full-time, part-time; on the contract basis and free of charge.
Faculties:

</doc>
<doc id="19186513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186513" title="Irish Institute of Purchasing and Materials Management">
Irish Institute of Purchasing and Materials Management

The Irish Institute of Purchasing and Materials Management (IIPMM) (Gaelic: "An Forus um Cheannacht agus Bainistíocht Ábhar") was formed over thirty-five years ago to promote the purchasing profession through education and training. The Institute's aim is to promote excellence in all aspects of purchasing and supply management.
The Irish Institute of Purchasing and Materials Management (IIPMM) was formed over thirty-five years ago to promote the purchasing and supply profession through education and training.
The Institute’s aim is to promote excellence in all aspects of procurement and supply management in both the public and private sectors. It is a not-for-profit, non-commercial organisation that is managed and controlled by its members.
The Institute offers HETAC accredited Education Programmes, hosts one or two day Focused Skills Training Courses and other events throughout the year to keep its members in touch with latest thinking in Purchasing and Supply Management.
The IIPMM is a member of the International Federation of Purchasing and Supply Management(IFPSM).

</doc>
<doc id="19186516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186516" title="Pinknic">
Pinknic

Pinknic is the 25th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
Snowbound in a secluded mountain cabin, the Pink Panther struggles desperately and violently to protect his only Food supply from A Mouse who tries to make the Panther his food for the winter.
Trivia.
The plot of the cartoon, which involves a mouse wanting to eat the Pink Panther for dinner, was recycled from Friz Freleng's 1953 cartoon "Snow Business".
Laugh track.
"The Pink Panther Show" contained a laugh track when the "Pink Panther" cartoons were broadcast on NBC-TV. Currently, the laugh-tracked version originally broadcast during the first two seasons (1969–1970, 1970–1971) airs on the Spanish language Boomerang TV channel.

</doc>
<doc id="19186528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186528" title="In the Pink of the Night">
In the Pink of the Night

In the Pink of the Night is the 60th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
After missing his morning train to work, the Pink Panther realizes he needs something heavy duty to help him wake up in the morning. He decides to purchase a cuckoo clock, which contains a live cuckoo bent on getting the stubborn feline out of bed. Eventually, the Pink Pather tires of the cuckoo's relentless efforts, and promptly dumps the clock into the local river.
That evening, the panther's guilty conscience gets the better of him. Fearing the little cuckoo is drowning alive, he rushes back to the river, with hopes of undoing the damage. He fails to find the cuckoo and his clock, and mopes his way home, unaware that the cuckoo has already crawled out of the river and placed himself on the panther's wall. Upon arriving home, the Pink Panther is so overcome with joy at the cuckoo's reappearance that he lets the little fellow snuggle in bed with him—and help disengage the blaring alarm clocks as well.
Laugh track.
"The Pink Panther Show" contained a laugh track when the "Pink Panther" cartoons were broadcast on NBC-TV. Currently, the laugh track version airs on the Spanish language Boomerang TV channel.

</doc>
<doc id="19186543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186543" title="St. Peter and St. Paul's Church, Mansfield">
St. Peter and St. Paul's Church, Mansfield

St. Peter and St. Paul's Church, Mansfield is a parish church in the Church of England located in Mansfield, Nottingham.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church dates from the early 12th century. Chantry chapels and the clerestory were added in the 15th or 16th centuries, and the spire dates from 1699.
Bells.
There are eight bells in the tower dating from 1603. The bells were cast in 1948.
Organ.
The organ was acquired in 1970 from Clare College, Cambridge. 
Re-consecrated at the end of 2000, the magnificent 3-manual organ is one of the finest in the Southwell and Nottingham Diocese. The foundation of this instrument was the organ of Clare College, Cambridge, which was purchased in 1970 together with its ornate case. It was substantially altered and enlarged by Noel Mander of London before installation in the south chapel in 1971. The original pipe work dating from the 1870s was by Gray & Davison and had been revoiced by Harrison & Harrison in 1911.
In 2000 Woods of Huddersfield replaced the worn out action with a modern micro-processor based solid system and thoroughly cleaned and overhauled the whole instrument. They also completed the 32' pedal reed which had previously been effected electronically.
8th May 2012
It would appear that the organ currently installed in St. Peter’s Mansfield has a much longer and interesting history than is recorded above.
The Organ was first built as a four manual organ and placed in a small church St. Wilfrid’s Honington Lincolnshire in c1837/8 The Rector was Dr. Henry Cole an enthusiast and eccentric for organs and pianos, He was Rector of Honington Lincolnshire from 1804 until his death in 1867. The Organ was paid for by this rector and was installed in a gallery in the church. The Organ builder according to the Clare College archives was Henry Cephas Lincoln of 196, High Holborn London, and the organ was built to replicate the (then) new organ in Birmingham Town Hall (1834) on a smaller scale of course. 
The Rector of Honington made his will that the organ should go to Clare College Chapel Cambridge on his death (where he had been a student when younger). So in 1868 this is what happened following some discussion between The church authorities and Clare College. (It may be possible that Gray and Davison did this transfer, but I have seen no record of this except that they are mentioned in your story here and also in the NPOR records which are incomplete and Nicholas Thistlethwaite’s book “The Organs of Cambridge”). The Organ was rebuilt in Clare College as a three manual. The organ is said to have been much too large for Honington, and the volume of sound frightened the elderly people living in the small village, who could hear it. We are also told that it vibrated the windows to such an extent that wooden pegs had to be placed in them. We are also told that it was never used for services. Extraordinary you might think. Even more bizarre is the story that they buried revd Cole in the case of his grand piano in the aisle of the church.
The rest of the story is similar to what is already recorded, but one or two items of interest are added here.
In 1853, Forster and Andrews (Organ builders of Hull) fitted their first pneumatic lever action to the Swell Organ, and also we are told re-modelled the console to have Forster and Andrew’s first angled stop jambs.
In 1903 the organ was restored by Norman and Beard of Norwich, who added tubular pneumatic action to the pedal organ, then in 1911, the organ was re-built by Harrison and Harrison of Durham. Who extended the case sideways and made various alterations. The new case was designed by the College architect John Simpson.
The organ was moved to St. Peter’s Mansfield, and was completely re-built by Manders in 1970.
There are photographs of the organ taken in 1906 (as it would have been when in St. Wilfrid’s) and after the 1911 re-build by Harrisons
The following references apply.
Information supplied by Carey Moore (Mr.)8th May 2012
The specification of this instrument is as follows:
Open Metal 16
Open Wood 16
Bourdon 16
Minor Bass 16
Principal 8
Flute 8
Gemshorn 4
Mixture 22.26.29
Double Ophicleide 32
Ophicleide 16
Trumpet 8
Fagotto 8
Schalmei 4
Choir
Open Diapason 8
Chimney Flute 8
Gemshorn 4
Flute 4
Nazard 2
Fifteenth 2
Blockflute 2
Tierce 1
Larigot 1
Cymbal 26.29.33
"Tremulant" 
Trumpet (Gt) 8
Great
Bourdon 16
Open Diapason 8
Hohlflote 8
Principal 4
Nason 4
Fifteenth 2
Fourniture 15.19.22.26
Mixture 22.26.29
Trumpet 8
Swell
Open Diapason 8
Stopt Diapason 8
Dulciana 8
Celeste 8
Principal 4
Open Flute 4
Twelfth 2
Fifteenth 2
Mixture 15.19.22
Sharp Mixture 22.26.29
Double Clarinet 16
Contra Fagotto 16
Cornopean 8
Oboe 8
Clarion 4
Tremulant 
Couplers
Swell to Pedal
Swell to Great
Swell to Choir
Swell octave
Swell unison off
Choir to Great
Choir to Pedal
Choir suboctave
Great to Pedal

</doc>
<doc id="19186546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186546" title="London Derriere">
London Derriere

London Derrière is the 24th short in "The Inspector" series of theatrical cartoons. A total of 34 entries were produced between 1965 and 1969.
Plot.
The Inspector chases jewel thief Louie Le Swipe, across Europe and finally arriving in London, where the captain of Scotland Yard keeps reprimanding him for shooting, at police in London do not carry guns.
Production notes.
"The Pink Panther Show" contained a laugh track when the Pink Panther cartoons were broadcast on NBC-TV. Currently, the laugh-tracked version airs on the Spanish language Boomerang TV channel.
Portions of William Lava's music score written for the pilot entry "The Great De Gaulle Stone Operation" is used in "London Derriere".
Its title is a play on the "Londonderry Air", an air named after County Londonderry in Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19186548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186548" title="The Female of the Species (play)">
The Female of the Species (play)

The Female of the Species is a comic play by Joanna Murray-Smith first performed in 2006. The play is a satire about celebrity feminists, with a plot loosely inspired by a real-life incident in 2000, when author Germaine Greer was held at gunpoint in her own home by a disturbed student.
The play premiered in Australia, where it had several productions in 2006 and 2008. A production opened on the West End in 2008.
Productions.
"The Female of the Species" premiered in Australia, produced by the Melbourne Theatre Company in 2006. It has also been produced by the Queensland Theatre Company at the Cremorne Theatre, South Brisbane, from February through March 2008. It was then produced by the Black Swan Theatre Company at the Playhouse Theatre in Perth from June through July 2008, and toured in Western Australia through August 2008. The production was directed by Patrick Nolan with music by composer David Chesworth. 
The play had its West End premiere in previews at the Vaudeville Theatre on 10 July 2008, with the official opening 16 July 2008 and it ran through 4 October 2008. The production was directed by Roger Michell, and the cast included Dame Eileen Atkins, Anna Maxwell Martin, Sophie Thompson, Paul Chahidi, Con O'Neill and Sam Kelly.
A Broadway production, originally scheduled for 2008 with Annette Bening, has been postponed until the showings scheduled for 24-29 June 2013 at the Lace Market Theatre
Synopsis.
Margot Mason is a feminist writer suffering from writer's block; she can not meet the deadlines for her next book. Molly Rivers, a deranged former student of Margot's, arrives unexpectedly at her country home with a gun and handcuffs Mason to her desk. Molly blames Margot for warping her mother's mind with her hit book "The Cerebral Vagina". Following Margot's advice, Molly's mother gave Molly away as a baby so that she wouldn't be enslaved by motherhood and then killed herself. Molly has had herself sterilized to preserve her creativity, only to be told by Margot that she has no talent.
Margot's daughter Tess arrives, exhausted from her house full of children. Margot has accused Tess of throwing her life away to embrace the role of housewife. Tess agrees that her mother should be shot. Tess's sensitive stockbroker husband, Bryan also arrives to debate the virtues of Margot's best-sellers, her inconsistent philosophy, and her inability to "mother". Even a macho taxi driver (Frank) and her flamboyantly gay publisher (Theo) comment on Margot's feminist failings.
Critical reception.
Reviews of the West End production have been mostly positive. "The Independent" wrote that "the emphasis is on the jokes, of which there are many... All the actors in Michell's production are excellent... The show is stolen by Sophie Thompson, as the daughter whose only means of opposing Margot is to be the perfect mother and housewife... the unconvincing ending is neat without being tidy..." "This Is London" gave unqualified praise: "...the splendid Dame Eileen mounts another witty display of brisk imperiousness and self-admiring froideur, effortlessly swatting away complaints as if they were mere gnats. It makes for an evening of wicked, educated and reactionary amusement." Quentin Letts wrote in "The Daily Mail", "This is an adult comedy, full of strong language and political jokes, but with that bold-type proviso I have no hesitation in saying it is the sparkiest, freshest thing on the West End stage this summer." 
On the other hand, "The Sunday Times" commented that the play was only "fitfully amusing". Likewise, "Variety" complained, "laugh-strewn though many of speeches are, they don't build tension because the plot lacks consistency... this plot has more holes than a tennis net. Murray-Smith seems to put ideas and gags way ahead of consistent characterization and motive."

</doc>
<doc id="19186553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186553" title="WBCQ">
WBCQ

WBCQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19186562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186562" title="Cuoi language">
Cuoi language

Cuói, known as "Thổ" in Vietnam and as "Hung" in Laos,[http://sealang.net/mk/vietic.htm] is a dialect cluster spoken by around 70,000 Thổ people in Vietnam and a couple thousand in Laos, mainly in the provinces of Bolikhamxai and Khammouan.

</doc>
<doc id="19186592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186592" title="The Swingin' Miss &quot;D&quot;">
The Swingin' Miss &quot;D&quot;

"The Swingin' Miss D" is a 1956 studio album by Dinah Washington, arranged by Quincy Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="19186593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186593" title="Jay Neill (actor)">
Jay Neill (actor)

Jay Neill (21 May 1932 – 14 June 2006) was an English variety performer and television actor who often appeared in comedic roles.
Born in London, Neill started work as a stage hand at the Chiswick Empire theatre before auditioning for a role within the Dior Dancers adagio act. The Dior Dancers went on to achieve considerable success on the international variety circuit in the 1950s appearing in Las Vegas, as well the Royal Command Performance.
After leaving the Dior Dancers, Neill moved onto a successful career as a television actor, appearing in television programmes such as "Doctor Who", "The Onedin Line", "Fawlty Towers", "Sykes", "Terry and June" and "Upstairs, Downstairs".
He died in Twickenham, England, in 2006 at the age of 74.

</doc>
<doc id="19186595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186595" title="USTB">
USTB

USTB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19186596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186596" title="Bolton Great Moor Street railway station">
Bolton Great Moor Street railway station

Bolton Great Moor Street railway station was the first railway station in Bolton, opened on 11 June 1831 by the Bolton and Leigh Railway. Originally named simply "Bolton", it was renamed "Bolton Great Moor Street" in October 1849. The original street level station was replaced by a temporary station at Crook Street Goods Yard on 1 August 1871 while the new Bolton Great Moor Street station was built in a classic 'Italian' style. The new station opened either on 1 April 1875 or on 28 September 1874 on the same site as the original station but ten feet higher. The rebuilt station had four platforms covered over by a roof. The rebuild coincided with the building of a new direct line to Manchester Exchange via Walkden and Roe Green by the London and North Western Railway which opened
on 1 April 1875. It was closed to passenger use by British Railways on 29 March 1954. The station was demolished in 1966 and the area redeveloped.
Great Moor Street station was served by local trains from Kenyon Junction via Leigh and from Manchester Exchange via Walkden.

</doc>
<doc id="19186602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186602" title="Aga Khan Sports Club Ground">
Aga Khan Sports Club Ground

The Aga Khan Sports Club Ground is a cricket ground in Nairobi, Kenya. The pitch is considered to be one of the fastest in Kenya, and the venue hosted four One Day Internationals between 1996 and 1997. Kenya have played first-class matches here against Pakistan A and Namibia, and eight matches were played here during the 1994 ICC Trophy.
The ground is used by Aga Khan Sports Club cricket team.

</doc>
<doc id="19186610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186610" title="Miscellaneous charges order">
Miscellaneous charges order

A miscellaneous charges order (MCO) is an accountable IATA document, similar to an old-style airline ticket, used to process the payment of travel arrangements. They are issued by airlines, but normally pay for services other than airfares. A MCO may be used to purchase most services offered by airlines, hotels and tour operators.
Coupons.
In common with older airline tickets, MCOs had a number of passenger coupons, (typically 1, 2 or 4), as well as valueless coupons for the agency's records and the airlines' interline clearing house.
There were two main types of MCO, those with a specific value for each coupon, and those with the residual value moving to the next coupon. These were often used where the cost of a service would not be know in advance – such as paying for excess baggage.
Typically the passengers' copies on the second type would not show any value, allowing payment for inclusive tours without the services' prices being known to the passenger.
MCO issue.
Travel agency MCOs were printed blank without airline information, and were endorsed to the airline providing the service (or its local agent if the airline was not represented locally). Like tickets, they were valid for a maximum of one year unless otherwise endorsed for a shorter time.
Future usage.
As most MCOs are now issued electronically like e-tickets, they are sometimes referred to as vMCOs (virtual Miscellaneous Charges Order)
MCO's are being phased out and replaced with Electronic Miscellaneous Documents.
Usage in Janauary 2014.
Airlines authorize travel agencies to issue an MCO when an airfare refund is due to the traveler. This is in lieu of returning the money to the traveler's credit card. According to a supervisor at Expedia's corporate office, this practice has been followed for some years. The airline, not the agency, may create a refund from the MCO.

</doc>
<doc id="19186613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186613" title="2003 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's points race">
2003 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's points race

The Women's Points Race was one of the 6 women's events at the 2003 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, held in Stuttgart, Germany. Twenty cyclists from 20 countries participated in the race. Because of the number of entries, there were no qualification rounds for this discipline. Consequently, the event was run direct to the final.
Final.
The Final and only race was run at 20:30 on July 30. The competition consisted on 84 laps, making a total of 24 km with 12 sprints.
"Elapsed Time"=32:17.640
"Average Speed"=44.590 km/h

</doc>
<doc id="19186615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186615" title="Nautical Archaeology Program">
Nautical Archaeology Program

The Nautical Archaeology Program (NAP) is a degree-granting program within the Anthropology Department at Texas A&M University in College Station, Texas.
The Nautical Archaeology Program offers admission to students seeking graduate degrees in nautical archaeology. The primary focus is on training archaeologists to become divers, rather than teaching divers the principles of anthropology and archaeology. Students are also required to learn the principles of archaeological conservation, with primary emphasis on the treatment of waterlogged artifacts.
Academic Program.
The program has seven full-time faculty members and many research associates who conduct surveys, excavations, conservation and reconstruction of ancient, medieval, and early modern shipwrecks. Each professor holds an endowed fellowship. All NAP students are required to take several core courses: History of Wooden Shipbuilding, Research and Reconstruction of Ships, Conservation of Cultural Resources, and Archaeological Methods and Theory. The average time to complete a master’s degree is three to five years; for a Ph.D. the average is five to seven years. The program admits between eight and ten students each year. Graduating students are awarded their M.A. or Ph.D. in Anthropology.
History of the Program.
The Nautical Archaeology Program began after the Institute of Nautical Archaeology (INA) became affiliated with Texas A&M University in 1976. As part of the affiliation, Texas A&M established the Nautical Archaeology Program as a separate entity. Since the first excavations INA carried out were in the Mediterranean, the main focus was initially on Old World nautical archaeology; after affiliating with the University, a New World archaeologist joined the staff, and work began in North America and Africa. The establishment of a department dedicated to the discipline allowed nautical archaeology to develop into an important subfield of archaeology.
Creation of Center for Maritime Archaeology and Conservation.
In 2005, the Texas A&M University System Board of Regents established the Center for Maritime Archaeology and Conservation (CMAC), a research center intended to be the main mechanism of cooperation between the Nautical Archaeology Program and the Institute of Nautical Archaeology. All of the laboratories once part of the Nautical Archaeology Program are now administered by CMAC. CMAC is meant to be the Nautical counterpart of the Center for the Study of the First Americans (CSFA), a highly regarded research institute affiliated with Texas A&M which works closely with the terrestrial archaeologists in the Anthropology department.
Nautical Archaeology Program Faculty.
The staff of seven full-time professors of Nautical Archaeology makes the NAP the largest academic program in nautical archaeology in the world. NAP professors direct most of INA's projects, since the security offered by their permanent positions allows a long-term commitment to excavation and publishing. Each professor holds an endowed fellowship, professorship, or chair 
Since the creation of the program, there have been only 11 faculty members: Dr. George Bass, Dr. Frederick van Doornick, Jr., Dr. Fred Hocker, J. Richard Steffy, Dr. Deborah Carlson, Dr. Filipe Vieira de Castro, Dr. Kevin Crisman, Dr. Donny Hamilton, Dr. Cemal Pulak, Dr. C. Wayne Smith, and Dr. Shelley Wachsmann.
Dr. Bass and Dr. van Doornick are now professors emeriti and Dr. Hocker left the program in 1999 after eight years of teaching in order to take a position with the Center for Maritime Archaeology, part of the National Museum of Denmark in Roskilde. J. Richard Steffy died from chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder on November 29, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19186621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186621" title="Holden UTEster">
Holden UTEster

The Holden UTEster was a one-off concept car produced by Holden, unveiled at the Melbourne Motor Show in 2001. Holden worked in conjunction with Car Tech and Paratus to create the UTEster.
The UTEster was considered to be an evolution of the Holden Ute. The UTEster used the engine out of Holden's other models, the Generation III V8, in conjunction with a six-speed manual gearbox. The UTEster had a unique interior design with a yellow and black theme throughout and an Alpine entertainment system.. The yellow and black theme was continued on the car's exterior with a Marque Yellow base and Jet Black highlights. The unique nineteen-inch wheels were finished in Titan Silver. The decklid was a split fold design, with the front section used for holding the removable top and rear glass panels and the rear section used as a traditional cargo bed.

</doc>
<doc id="19186638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186638" title="St. John's Church, Mansfield">
St. John's Church, Mansfield

St. John's Church, Mansfield is a parish church in the Church of England located in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
History.
St. John's Church was built in 1855-56 for £8,000. It was designed by the architect Henry Isaac Stevens.
It was consecrated by the Bishop of Lincoln Rt. Revd John Jackson on 29 July 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="19186654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186654" title="Isis King">
Isis King

Isis King (born October 1, 1985) is an American fashion model and a fashion designer. She was a contestant on both the eleventh cycle and the seventeenth cycle of the reality television show "America's Next Top Model". She was the first trans woman to compete on the show, and became one of the most visible transgender people on television.
Biography.
King is originally from Prince Georges County, Maryland, and currently resides in New York City. King was born male but has stated that "mentally everything else" she was "born female." She has stated that people might refer to her as "transgender" or "transsexual", but she prefers the phrase "born in the wrong body".
While in high school, King came out as "gay" but later felt that it was not an accurate label for her.
In 2007, King appeared in an MSNBC special titled "Born in the Wrong Body", which documented the lives of transgender teens from across the United States. King began hormone replacement therapy in the summer of 2007, as part of her transitioning process. She's had sex reassignment surgery as of 2009, which she stated on .
Early career.
King has an associate degree from the Art Institute of Philadelphia. While in college her designs won her a 2005 award for Best Woman's Evening Wear.
King had been runway modeling for seven years before participating in "America's Next Top Model". Her experience included competing in the underground ball culture scene. In a promotional interview for ANTM, King stated she was looking forward to runway as she had been "walking" for seven years. Her post-show runway credits include the Amore Fashion Show, Howard University Fashion Show, Colors Fall/Winter 2009–10 Line, Secret Society, and Images Fashion Show (for which she received an award).
She has also worked as a receptionist at a hair salon, and as a program assistant for a nonprofit organization.
"America's Next Top Model".
King was living at the Ali Forney Transitional Living Program when she learned about an upcoming photo shoot for the tenth cycle of "America's Next Top Model". As the shoot's theme would be the issue of homeless youth, real homeless women would be used as background models, recruited in conjunction with the Reciprocity Foundation, which works to move homeless and high-risk youth into careers in the "creativity economy".
King asked ANTM art director Jay Manuel whether she could be accepted as a girl "born in the wrong body" if she were to audition as a contestant for the program. After the shoot, show host and producer Tyra Banks had her staff search out King to encourage her to audition based on her performance in the photo shoot. King became one of fourteen finalists for the eleventh cycle of the show. She placed tenth overall.
She participated in Cycle 17 of "America's Next Top Model"—also known as the "All-Stars Cycle"—along with 13 other returning contestants from past Top Model cycles. She was eliminated in the third week of the competition.
After ANTM.
King has appeared on "The Tyra Banks Show" twice. In her first appearance she discussed her life story further, along with fellow contestant Clark Gilmer. Banks surprised King by introducing her to Marci Bowers, a fellow trans woman and top gender reassignment surgeon, who offered her an all-expenses-paid surgery. According to King's Facebook page, the surgery was conducted on February 27, 2009. The results of the operation were revealed in her second appearance, in which new test shots taken after the surgery were revealed. Isis' transition to being anatomically female was deemed "complete." She also appeared on "Larry King Live" on July 25, 2009. King competed in the seventeenth overall and first 'All Star' cycle of America's Next Top Model, which aired on the September 14, 2011. She was eliminated.
Print work.
King appeared in "Us Weekly" (September 2008), was in "Seventeen" magazine (December 2008/January 2009), "Out" magazine, "Mallard International" magazine, and the cover of the Spring 2010 "Swerv" magazine. King also did a variety of test shots that were used to promote her visit to "The Tyra Banks Show". In 2012 she became American Apparel's first openly transgender model. However, Media Advocates Giving National Equality to Transsexual & Transgender People (MAGNET), an anti-defamation organization dedicated to educating the media about transsexual, transgender, and intersex issues, launched an education campaign against the t-shirts King modeled because they say "Gay O.K.", which some feel is misleading since King is a straight transgender woman. Chanel Jessica Lopez, transsexual and transgender communities based counselor at New York City’s Anti-Violence Project, called for a boycott of the t-shirts for the same reason.
King is now signed with Jb Models
Cultural impact.
King is one of a small but growing number of transgender people and characters in film and television, and her inclusion on ANTM has been called an "unprecedented opportunity" by Neil Giuliano, president of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation. By competing on the show, King has brought national and prime time attention to issues of gender transitioning and gender expression. "New York" magazine has called King the cause célèbre of Cycle 11, comparing her transsexualism to previous contestant "issues" featured on the show such as Cycle 9 contestant Heather Kuzmich's Asperger syndrome. ANTM executive producer Ken Mok stated that her casting was done in support of "redefin what beauty is," one of "Tyra's original missions" for the show.
Due to the intimate nature of the program, which films the contestants living together during the several weeks of the competition, GLAAD spokesman Damon Romine noted that "the show deals head on with the contestants confronting their own phobias. There's going to be support, and the reverse of that. It opens the door for the other girls and the viewers to get to know Isis and the transgender community." Some of King's fellow contestants revealed prejudices in speaking about how her gender transitioning would be poorly received in their own small communities or in the southern United States. Contestants have referred to King pejoratively as a "he/she" and a "drag queen". Facets of King's transitioning process have been portrayed in the show, such as her hormone injections and subsequent nausea.
"New York" magazine noted that King is one of few transgender models in history to rise to public prominence, comparing her to Teri Toye, former club kid Amanda Lepore, and the gender-bending club promoter and model André J. Simon Doonan, creative director of Barneys New York, told ABC News that the time may be right for a transgender supermodel: "Maybe it's time for a tranny to end up on the cover of "Vogue"."

</doc>
<doc id="19186661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186661" title="Ordnance BL 12 pounder 7 cwt">
Ordnance BL 12 pounder 7 cwt

The Ordnance BL 12 pounder 7cwt was the British Army's field gun, which succeed the RML 13 pounder 8 cwt in 1885.
History.
The gun was initially adopted by both the Royal Field Artillery and Royal Horse Artillery, and was in full service by 1885. It marked a return to breech-loading guns, after the British Army had reverted to muzzle-loaders in the late 1860s following the failure of the Armstrong screw breech guns.
Problems arose when it was used by the Horse Artillery in the great Indian cavalry manoeuvres of 1891. The carriage was found to be too complicated and dust caused the metal surfaces of the axle traversing device to seize. It also proved too heavy to manoeuvre for horse artillery, which was intended to support cavalry in battle.
The 12 pounder 6 cwt gun was thus developed in 1892, when the new more powerful cordite replaced gunpowder, as a lighter alternative. It had a barrel 18 inches (460 mm) shorter, on a lighter and simpler carriage, and it entered service with the Royal Horse Artillery in 1894.
The introduction of Cordite also led to the decision that the 12 pounder was capable of firing a heavier shell up to . A 14 pound shell was adopted and the gun became a "15 pounder" from 1895. At that point the 12 pounder 7 cwt became redundant.
Combat use.
The gun was normally towed by 6 horses, in 3 pairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19186675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186675" title="Adele Scheele">
Adele Scheele

Adele Scheele, PhD, is a career coach and author on the subject. She is among the first to practice in the field of career coaching and is author of the career strategy book, "Skills for Success"(1979,) in mass paperback (1981,) trade (1996.)
Early life and career.
Scheele was born in Philadelphia and earned her Bachelor of Science Degree in English from the University of Pennsylvania. She subsequently earned her Masters Degree in English from California State University, Northridge, and her PhD from UCLA in 1976 as a Change Management Fellow. 
Scheele began her career teaching English to college and high school students and negotiating labor contracts for the AFL-CIO. In 1977, she created a career coaching practice for individuals, associations, organizations, and universities.
Work.
Scheele wrote a King Features syndicated column, “At Work,” from 1982 to 1985. Her book Career Strategies for Working Women (Simon & Schuster, 1994) was compiled from her “Career Strategies” column which appeared in Working Women Magazine 1990-1994. Scheele hosted a 3-hour KABC TalkRadio show on work and appeared on NBC’s Today Show and ABC’s Good Morning America.
Scheele served as the Director of the Career Center for California State University, Northridge, from 1994-2004. Her most recent book is "Launch Your Career in College" (Greenwood, 2005).
Personal life.
Adele Scheele resides in Los Angeles and travels internationally giving presentations.

</doc>
<doc id="19186711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186711" title="Stoppila Sunzu">
Stoppila Sunzu

Stoppila Sunzu (born 22 June 1989), also known as Stophira Sunzu, is a Zambian footballer who plays for French side Sochaux as a defender. He scored the winning penalty kick for Zambia in the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations Final.
Early life.
Stopilla Sunzu was born in Chingola and is the younger brother of Felix Sunzu and the son of Felix Sunzu Sr a goalkeeper who was originally from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Club career.
He began his career with Afrisports of Kitwe. He was discovered at a U-16 tournament in Chambeshi, Zambia and he was referred to Afrisports.
He then joined Konkola Blades under a loan arrangement. He was a prominent member of the Zambian U-20 squad that played at the 2007 U-20 World Cup. In that tournament, Zambia defeated an Uruguayan side that featured Luis Suárez and Edinson Cavani. After this the 19 year old was invited for trials at the English side Reading. The Championship side was keen on securing him on a longer deal but due to work permit problems the move did not materialize. He signed a loan contract for LB Châteauroux in September 2008 and after the end of the season end on 30 June 2009 returned to Zanaco FC.
In 2010 Sunzu transferred to TP Mazembe of Democratic Republic of Congo. His registration to Zanaco was a loan from Afrisports and there was some initial dispute regarding his move to TP Mazembe but it was eventually resolved. He was sent off in their opening 2010 FIFA Club World Cup game. In January 2013 he trained with Reading in the English Premier League with a view to being offered a contract. He returned to the 2013 African Cup of Nations without any contract being signed. 
Sunzu came to Reading on the premise of being a free agent, with his three-year contract expiring in December 2012. Moses Katumbi, president of TP Mazembe, accused Sunzu's handlers of lying to Reading about his contract stating that it does not expire until 2015.
FC Sochaux.
On 6 January 2014, Sunzu joined French Ligue 1 club Sochaux-Montbéliard along with his team-mate Nathan Sinkala. and has been scoring important goals to ensure the team survives relegation.
International career.
Sunzu represented his country at the 2007 U-20 World Cup in Canada where he helped the Zambia national under-20 football team to a 1–1 draw against Saudi Arabia with a goal. He made his full international debut against Botswana in a 2009 African Championship of Nations qualifier. Sunzu scored the winning penalty of the penalty shoot-out in the final of the 2012 African Cup of Nations against Ivory Coast, which Zambia won 8-7.
In October 2013, due to a disagreement between their club TP Mazembe and the Zambian Football Association over international call-ups, Kalaba and two other players (Nathan Sinkala and Rainford Kalaba) were the subject of a Zambian arrest warrant. All three players later had their passports confiscated by Zambian immigration authorities, before being pardoned by the Zambian government.

</doc>
<doc id="19186717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186717" title="Convoy HX 228">
Convoy HX 228

HX 228 was a North Atlantic convoy of the HX series which ran during the battle of the Atlantic in World War II. It was one of a series of four convoy battles that occurred during the crisis month of March 1943 and is notable for the loss of the Escort Group leader Commander AA "Harry" Tait.
Prelude.
HX 228 was an east bound convoy of 60 ships, plus local contingents, which sailed from New York on 28 February 1943 bound for Liverpool and carrying war materials.
The Mid-Ocean Escort Force group B3 joined the convoy from St Johns. The escort group was led by Commander AA Tait of HMS "Harvester"; the other ships of this group were the destroyers HMS "Escapade", ORP "Burza" and ORP "Garland" and the corvettes HMS "Narcissus" and FNFL ships "Aconit", "Renoncule" and "Roselys". The group was backed by the escort carrier "USS Bogue" and 2 destroyers which sailed from Argentia on 5 March. 
Arrayed against them in the North Atlantic were three U-Boat patrol lines, "Wildfang", "Burggraf" and "Neuland", although in the event only a re-configured "Neuland", comprising 13 U-boats, engaged HX 228.
In early March the U-boat rakes came in contact with SC 121, which was several days ahead of HX 228, and engaged it. The Admiralty diverted HX 228 north-east to avoid the conflict and thus straight into the "Neuland" patrol area.
Action.
On 10 March the first contact was made by "U-336" in heavy weather. During the rest of the day eight others were directed to join. Ironically, at this point the weather forced "Bogue" and her group to detach, as it was impossible to fly off aircraft in the storm. She sailed for Argentia and took no part in the action.
On the evening of 10/11 March, during a snow squall, the first attacks took place.
"U-221" attacked three ships, sinking two ammunition ships, "Tucurinca" and "Andrea F Luckenbach", and damaging a third, "Lawton Edwards". "U-221" was vigorously counterattacked, and withdrew to repair damage.
"U-444" and "U-757" both fired on "William C Gorgas", which she dropped back and sank later.
"U-757" also fired on "Brant County" which was also carrying ammunition. The "Brant County" caught fire and exploded, and "U-757" was damaged as a result. "U-757" was forced to return to base and was later attacked in the company of two other U-Boats in the Bay of Biscay by the RAF, but all survived.
"U-86" and "U-406" both claimed hits using the new pattern-running FAT torpedoes. "Jamaica Provider" was damaged during this stage.
During the morning of 11 March, "Harvester" sighted "U-444" on the surface and ran in to attack. She opened with gunfire and then rammed "U-444", suffering damage to her propellers in the process. It was originally thought that "Harvester" had sunk "U-444" but she was found later on the surface and finished off by "Aconit". While in the area, "Harvester" found and picked up 50 survivors from "William Gorgas" and 1 from "U-444". While attempting to re-join the convoy her engines failed, and she summoned "Aconit" for assistance. While "Harvester" lay helpless, she was sighted and torpedoed by "U-432"; she sank with 149 on board, including Commander Tait.
Arriving on the scene, "Aconit" gained Asdic contact on "U-432" which was lying motionless at periscope depth, her commander and crew celebrating their victory. "Aconit" attacked with depth charges, blowing her to the surface and sinking her later with gunfire.
"Aconit" picked up a 20 survivors from "U-432", 48 from "Harvester", 12 from "William C Gorgas" and the one from "U-444", to join the 3 previously picked up.
Despite further action that day and during the night of 11/12 March there were no further losses to either side, and on 12 March Admiral Karl Dönitz, the Befehlshaber der U-Boote or commander in chief of U-Boats, called off the attack.
HX 228 arrived safely at Liverpool on 15 March 1943.
Conclusion.
HX 228 cannot be seen as a victory for either side. The convoy had lost four ships and a warship, with the loss also of Commander Tait, an effective and well-respected Escort Group commander. The "Neuland" wolf pack had lost two boats, a potentially ruinous rate of exchange.
Tables.
Allied Merchant Ships Sunk 
Allied Warships Sunk
U-boats Destroyed

</doc>
<doc id="19186726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186726" title="Minoa murinata">
Minoa murinata

The Drab Looper "(Minoa murinata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Southern and Central Europe, Anatolia, the Caucasus and the mountains of Central Asia.
The wingspan is 14–18 mm. The length of the forewings is 9–11 mm. The moths fly from June to August depending on the location.
The larva feed on Cypress Spurge.

</doc>
<doc id="19186733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186733" title="HD 32188">
HD 32188

HD 32188 is variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="19186739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186739" title="Premier Soccer Saturday">
Premier Soccer Saturday

Premier Soccer Saturday (formerly The Premiership) was formally the principal weekly club association football programme on RTÉ. 
In June 2013, RTÉ Sport confirmed that due to cost cutting initiative's to save the station up to €1.3m a year, it will no longer have the Irish rights to television coverage of the Premier League, with the 2012-13 Premier League season being the final season shown on RTÉ Sport.
It was broadcast on RTÉ Two every Saturday evening between 19:30 and 21:00 and occasionally on Sunday (when there was an important game played that day) during the English league soccer season, showing highlights of Premier League football matches. When the show was aired on a day other than Saturday, it used the appropriately customised title (e.g. "Premier Soccer Sunday"). The programme only showed English association football, as "Monday Night Soccer" covers Irish association football.
The most recent theme tune for the show was a cover of the Republica song, "Bloke".
History.
The programme was first broadcast in September 1998 as The Premiership. Between August 2004 and May 2007, RTÉ also had the broadcasting rights to 15 live Premier League matches on Saturday afternoons (kick off: 15:00). These programmes were called Premiership Live. Setanta Sports obtained exclusive rights to the games from the 2007-08 season.
There was a new feature to Premier Soccer Saturday where fans come on the show and give their opinion on the match shown.
Presenters.
The programme was most recently presented on a rotational basis between Peter Collins and Darragh Maloney. Bill O'Herlihy used to be the sole presenter of the program.
Analysts.
Regular pundits that feature on the show to make comments about the games after the match highlights have been shown, include Eamon Dunphy, Johnny Giles, Ray Houghton, Trevor Steven, Kenny Cunningham, Ronnie Whelan, Liam Brady, Richard Sadlier and Graeme Souness. Republic of Ireland player Stephen Hunt made a guest appearance as an analyst in April 2012.
Then Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern once made a famous appearance on the show in 2001, providing analysis on a Manchester United game, of whom he is a lifelong supporter.
Commentators.
Commentary on the match highlights and reports are provided by, amongst others, George Hamilton, Stephen Alkin, Ger Canning, Adrian Eames, John Kenny, Joanne Cantwell, Jimmy Magee and Seán O'Sullivan.

</doc>
<doc id="19186741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186741" title="American Catholic Historical Association">
American Catholic Historical Association

The American Catholic Historical Association was founded by Peter Guilday in Cleveland, Ohio, in December, 1919 as a national society that would bring together scholars interested in the history of the Catholic Church or in Catholic aspects of secular history. It aims to promote a deeper and more widespread knowledge of the history of the Catholic Church and the advancemeent of historical scholarship. The Association has always enjoyed the support of Catholic universities, colleges, and seminaries and has endeavored, in turn, to make itself especially helpful to their teachers and students.
It welcomes non-Catholics among its members and has elected many of them to its committees, its Executive Council, and even its presidency. There are approximately 1,100 members. 
The Association adopted as its official organ the "Catholic Historical Review", which had been appearing quarterly since April, 1915.
The Association holds a general meeting each year on the Friday, Saturday, and Sunday following New Year's Day. It meets in a different city each year but always jointly with the American Historical Association, with which it is affiliated, and with other historical societies.
The Association is the recognized Catholic voice in the historical profession in the United States. It is one of the three societies that make up the American National Commission of the International Commission for Comparative Church History.

</doc>
<doc id="19186767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186767" title="1950 college football season">
1950 college football season

The 1950 NCAA football season finished with the unbeaten and untied Oklahoma Sooners being the overwhelming choice for national champion. On New Year’s Day, the 9-0-0 Sooners were upset by the 10-1-0 Kentucky Wildcats in the Sugar Bowl. The #2 team, the United States Military Academy (Army) had been defeated in its final regular season game by 2-6-0 Navy, 14-2. However, the final poll had been issued on November 27, and the bowl games had no effect on Oklahoma’s status as the #1 team.
During the 20th century, the NCAA had no playoff for the college football teams that would later be described as "Division I-A". The NCAA did recognize a national champion based upon the final results of "wire service" (AP and UPI) polls. The extent of that recognition came in the form of acknowledgment in the annual "NCAA Football Guide" of the "unofficial" national champions. The AP poll in 1950 consisted of the votes of as many as 317 sportswriters. Though not all writers voted in every poll, each would give their opinion of the ten best teams. Under a point system of 10 points for first place, 9 for second, etc., the "overall" ranking was determined, and the top twenty colleges were ranked based on their overall points.
For the first time, the Associated Press issued a "preseason poll", before most teams played their first games.
Starting in 1950, the United Press began the "Coaches Poll." "Thirty-five of the nation's foremost football coaches will rate the country's top collegiate football teams each week for the United Press this coming season," an announcement stated, with "five coaches from each section of the country-- the east, midlands, midwest, Pacific coast, the Rockies, south and southwest". The UP added, referring to the AP writers' poll, "The nature of the board giving each section of the country equal representation avoids the sectional bias and ballot box stuffing for which other football polls have been criticized.". The coaches named Notre Dame as the #1 team in the first UP poll, with 25 of the 35 first place votes.
Generally, the top teams played on New Year's Day in the four major postseason bowl games: the Rose Bowl (near Los Angeles at Pasadena), the Sugar Bowl (New Orleans), the Orange Bowl (Miami), and the Cotton Bowl (Dallas).
September.
In the preseason AP poll released on September 25, 1950, the defending champion Fighting Irish of Notre Dame were the overwhelming choice for first, with 101 of 123 first place votes. Far behind were #2 Army, #3 Michigan, #4 Tennessee and #5 Texas (which had won at Texas Tech 28-14). As the regular season progressed, a new poll would be issued on the Monday following the weekend's games.
On September 30 
October.
October 7 
October 14 
October 21 
In Houston, #3 SMU beat #15 Rice 42-21. In Philadelphia, #4 Kentucky beat Villanova 34-7. #5 California beat Oregon State in Portland 27-0
October 28 
November.
November 4 #1 SMU lost at #7 Texas, 23-20. #2 Army won at #15 Pennsylvania 28-13. #3 Oklahoma won at Colorado 27-18. #4 Ohio State won at Northwestern 32-0. #5 Kentucky beat #17 Florida 40-6. #7 Texas beat SMU 23-20, and returned to the top five.
November 11 #1 Army beat New Mexico 51-0. #2 Ohio State beat #15 Wisconsin 19-14. #3 Oklahoma won at #19 Kansas, 33-13. #4 Kentucky won at Mississippi State, 48-21. #5 Texas beat Baylor 27-20. #6 California, which was 7-0-0 after a 35-0 win against #19 UCLA, rose to 4th.
November 18 #1 Ohio State lost at #8 Illinois, 14-7. #2 Oklahoma beat Missouri 41-7. #3 Army won at Stanford 7-0. #4 California defeated San Francisco 13-7. #5 Kentucky handed visiting North Dakota an 83-0 defeat to extend its record to 9-0-0, but still faced a final game was against 8-1-0 Tennessee. #6 Texas won at TCU 21-7.
November 25 #1 Oklahoma beat #16 Nebraska 49-35. #2 Army was idle as it prepared for the Army–Navy Game. #3 Kentucky lost at #9 Tennessee, 7-0. #4 California and unranked Stanford played to a 7-7 tie in Berkeley. #5 Texas beat Texas A&M 21-6. Michigan beat Ohio State in the famous Snow Bowl 9-3.
The final AP poll was released on November 27, although some colleges had not completed their schedules. On December 2, with its champion status assured, #1 Oklahoma beat Oklahoma State 41-14. #2 Army (9-0-0) was heavily favored to beat unranked, and 2-6-0, Navy. Instead, the Philadelphia game turned into a 14-2 win for the Midshipmen. #3 Texas played a game on December 9, beating LSU 21-6.
Conference standings.
The following is an incomplete list of conference standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19186769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186769" title="Opposite Day">
Opposite Day

Opposite Day is an unofficial holiday, commonly observed on February 20th, where every action is modified so that meaning is inverted. Once Opposite Day is declared, statements mean the opposite of what they usually mean. Usually, a person would say, "After this phrase is over, it will be officially opposite day," and then Opposite Day will be officially started. Opposite Day can also be declared retroactively to indicate that what was just asserted had the opposite meaning of what was originally intended (similar to the practice of crossed fingers to automatically nullify promises). Play has been compared to a children's "philosophy course", and the game has been used as an educational aid and suggested as preparation for "standardized testing".

</doc>
<doc id="19186778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186778" title="List of minor planets/189501–189600">
List of minor planets/189501–189600


</doc>
<doc id="19186779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186779" title="Jeh language">
Jeh language

Jeh (also spelled "Die, Gie, Yaeh") is a language spoken by more than fifteen thousand people in Vietnam. There are also several thousand speakers in the provinces of Xekong and Attapu in Laos.

</doc>
<doc id="19186780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186780" title="List of minor planets/189601–189700">
List of minor planets/189601–189700


</doc>
<doc id="19186786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186786" title="List of minor planets/189701–189800">
List of minor planets/189701–189800


</doc>
<doc id="19186791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186791" title="List of minor planets/189801–189900">
List of minor planets/189801–189900


</doc>
<doc id="19186796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186796" title="List of minor planets/189901–190000">
List of minor planets/189901–190000


</doc>
<doc id="19186800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186800" title="List of minor planets/190001–190100">
List of minor planets/190001–190100


</doc>
<doc id="19186803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186803" title="List of minor planets/190101–190200">
List of minor planets/190101–190200


</doc>
<doc id="19186807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186807" title="Love Can Build a Bridge (album)">
Love Can Build a Bridge (album)

Love Can Build a Bridge is the title of a studio album released by RCA Records in 1990 by US mother-daughter country duo The Judds. It features the singles "Born to Be Blue," the title track and "One Hundred and Two". The title track has later been covered by several other artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19186810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186810" title="List of minor planets/190201–190300">
List of minor planets/190201–190300


</doc>
<doc id="19186812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186812" title="Disappearance of Andy Puglisi">
Disappearance of Andy Puglisi

The disappearance of Andy Puglisi is a criminal case involving the unsolved disappearance of Angelo Gene "Andy" Puglisi, a 10-year-old American boy who went missing on August 21, 1976, from the pool area not far from his Massachusetts home. He has been .
Disappearance.
On August 21, Melanie Perkins and Andy met at the pool late in the morning. As usual, they spent the entire day playing there. "It was the place to hang out if you lived in the projects," Melanie says. About 4:30, she was hungry and decided to go home. Usually she walked alone to her mother's apartment, which was less than 200 yards away. But on this day, something she still can't explain made her feel afraid. She asked Andy to accompany her, but he wasn't ready to leave. So her 11-year-old brother, Jeff, walked her home. The last time Melanie saw Andy, he was sitting by the pool in his green bathing trunks, talking with friends. National Guard troops and Green Berets later that night scoured the neighborhood, truckers with CB radios rallied around, neighbors helped out. Dogs were brought in to sniff an abandoned dump and woods adjacent to the pool. Scuba divers dragged the nearby Shawsheen River. More than 2,000 volunteers pitched in.
In media.
"Have You Seen Andy?" is a 2007 documentary film made by Melanie Perkins, Andy's friend who later became a filmmaker. It was broadcast on HBO and won the National Emmy for Best Investigative Journalism in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19186813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186813" title="Stoning">
Stoning

Stoning, or lapidation, is a form of capital punishment whereby a group throws stones at a person until death ensues. No individual among the group can be identified as the one who kills the subject, yet everyone involved plainly bears some degree of moral culpability. This is in contrast to the case of a judicial executioner. Slower than other forms of execution, stoning is a form of execution by torture.
Practices and methods of implementation.
The methods for carrying out stoning may vary across different histories and cultures.
For example, the Penal Code of Iran details how stoning punishments are to be carried out for adultery, and even hints in some contexts that the punishment may allow for its victims to avoid death:
Article 102 – An adulterous man shall be buried in a ditch up to near his waist and an adulterous
woman up to near her chest and then stoned to death.
Article 103 – In case the person sentenced to stoning escapes the ditch in which they are buried, then if the adultery is proven by testimony then they will be returned for the punishment but if it is proven by their own confession then they will not be returned.
Article 104 – The size of the stone used in stoning shall not be too large to kill the convict by one or
two throws and at the same time shall not be too small to be called a stone.
Depending upon the details of the case, the stoning may be initiated by the judge overseeing the matter or by one of the original witnesses to the adultery. Certain religious procedures may also need to be followed both before and after the implementation of a stoning execution.
In history.
Stoning is an ancient form of capital punishment. There are historical reports of stoning from Ancient Greece — Herodotus reports the case of Lycidas in his "Histories", Book IX. Stoning is also mentioned in Ancient Greek mythology — Oedipus asks to be stoned to death when he learns that he killed his father.
In Judaism.
Torah.
The Israelite Torah, which is the first five books of the Hebrew Bible (Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, and Deuteronomy) contained within the Hebrew Bible (Old Testament) and as such serves as a common religious reference for Judaism. The Torah sentences death by stoning for the following:
Describing the stoning of apostates from Judaism, the Torah states:
Mishna.
The Mishna gives the following list of persons who should be stoned.
"To the following sinners stoning applies – אלו הן הנסקלין
As God alone was deemed to be the only arbiter in the use of capital punishment, not fallible people, the Sanhedrin made stoning a hypothetical upper limit on the severity of punishment.
Prior to early Christianity, particularly in the Mishnah, doubts were growing in Jewish society about the effectiveness of capital punishment in general (and stoning in particular) in acting as a useful deterrent. Subsequently its use was dissuaded by the central legislators. The Mishnah states:
A Sanhedrin that puts a man to death once in seven years is called destructive. Rabbi Eliezer ben Azariah says that this extends to a Sanhedrin that puts a man to death even once in seventy years. Rabbi Akiba and Rabbi Tarfon say: Had we been in the Sanhedrin none would ever have been put to death. Rabban Simeon ben Gamaliel says: they would have multiplied shedders of blood in Israel.
In the following centuries the leading Jewish sages imposed so many restrictions on the implementation of capital punishment as to make it "de facto" illegal. The restrictions were to prevent execution of the innocent, and included many conditions for a testimony to be admissible that were difficult to fulfill.
Philosopher Moses Maimonides wrote, "It is better and more satisfactory to acquit a thousand guilty persons than to put a single innocent one to death." He was concerned that the law guard its public perception, to preserve its majesty and retain the people's respect. He saw errors of commission as much more threatening to the integrity of law than errors of omission.
Mode of Judgment.
In rabbinic law, capital punishment may only be inflicted by the verdict of a regularly constituted court of three-and-twenty qualified members. There must be the most trustworthy and convincing testimony of at least two qualified eye-witnesses to the crime, who must also depose that the culprit had been forewarned of the criminality and the consequences of his project. The culprit must be a person of legal age and of sound mind, and the crime must be proved to have been committed of the culprit's free will and without the aid of others.
On the day the verdict is pronounced, the convict is led forth to execution. The Torah law (Leviticus 19:18) prescribes, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself"; and the Rabbis maintain that this love must be extended beyond the limits of social intercourse in life, and applied even to the convicted criminal who, "though a sinner, is still thy brother" (Mak. 3:15; Sanh. 44a): "The spirit of love must be manifested by according him a decent death" (Sanh. 45a, 52a). Torah law provides (Deut. 24:16), "The parents shall not be put to death for the children, neither shall the children be put to death for the parents; every man shall be put to death for his own sins", and rabbinic jurisprudence follows this principle both to the letter and in spirit. A sentence is not attended by confiscation of the convict's goods; the person's possessions descend to their legal heirs.
The Talmud limits the use of the death penalty to Jewish criminals who:
In theory, the Talmudic method of how stoning is to be carried out differs from mob stoning. According to the Jewish Oral Law, after the Jewish criminal has been determined as guilty before the Great Sanhedrin, the two valid witnesses and the sentenced criminal go to the edge of a two story building. From there the two witnesses are to push the criminal off the roof of a two story building. The two-story height is chosen as this height is estimated by the Talmud to effect a quick and painless demise but is not so high that the body will become dismembered. After the criminal has fallen, the two witnesses are to drop a large boulder onto the criminal – requiring both of the witnesses to lift the boulder together. If the criminal did not die from the fall or from the crushing of the large boulder, then any people in the surrounding area are to quickly cause him to die by stoning with whatever rocks they can find.
In Islam.
Islamic Sharia Law is based on the Quran, the hadith, and the biography of the prophet Muhammad, though there is no reference to stoning in the Quran. Shia and Sunni hadith collections differ because scholars from the two traditions differ as to the reliability of the narrators and transmitters and the Imamah. Shi'a sayings related to stoning can be found in Kitab al-Kafi, and Sunni sayings related to stoning can be found in the Sahih Bukhari and Sahih Muslim.
Based on these hadiths, in some Muslim countries, such as Afghanistan, Iran, Nigeria and Saudi Arabia, married adulterers will get capital punishment, while not-married adulterers will be flogged 100 times.
The Qur'an forbids all sexual intercourse outside the marital bond as sinful, but makes no distinction between them. The punishment is flogging 100 times for those found guilty. Stoning (rajm) as a punishment for adultery is not mentioned in the Quran (though it is mentioned in Hadith), so some modernist Muslim scholars, like Quran alone Scholars, hold the view that stoning to death is not an Islamic law.
According to the Hanbali jurist Ibn Qudamah, "Muslim jurists are unanimous on the fact that stoning to death is a specified punishment for the married adulterer and adulteress. The punishment is recorded in number of traditions and the practice of Muhammad stands as an authentic source supporting it. This is the view held by all Companions, Successors and other Muslim scholars with the exception of Kharijites."
Because the word used in the Quran, 'zina', is exactly parallel to the Hebrew 'zanah', which strictly refers to fornication and not adultery (which is 'na'aph'), the Quran may not even be speaking of adultery at all. In that case, the point could be made that the command of the Torah on the punishment of adultery, namely, stoning to death, still stands. However, scholars support stoning for adultery according to hadith, not to Bible as Muslims do not hold the Bible to be reliable.
In hadith (sayings)
Usage today.
As of September 2010, stoning is a punishment that is included in the laws in some countries including Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Iran, Yemen and some states in Nigeria as punishment for zina al-mohsena ("adultery of married persons").
While stoning may not be codified in the laws of Afghanistan and Somalia, both countries have seen several incidents of stoning to death.
Many Muslim clerics, religious scholars, and political leaders—including those in the countries where stoning is practiced—have condemned stoning as “un-Islamic”, as it is not explicitly mentioned in the Quran.
Afghanistan.
Before the Taliban government, most areas of Afghanistan, aside from the capital, Kabul, were controlled locally by warlords or tribal leaders and the Afghan legal system depended highly on an individual community's local culture and the political and/or religious ideology of its leaders. Stoning also occurred in lawless areas, where vigilantes committed the act for political purposes. Once the Taliban took over, stoning became the official punishment for many crimes. The U.S.-led occupation ended stoning as an official court ruling, but it still occurs unofficially. A Taliban-ordered public stoning of a couple accused of adultery took place in Kunduz on August 15, 2010.
Brunei.
In October 2013, the Sultan of Brunei announced that stoning, along with flogging and amputations, would be added to the country's laws in accordance with Sharia Law. 
Indonesia.
On 14 September 2009, the outgoing Aceh Legislative Council passed a bylaw that called for the stoning of married adulterers. However, then governor Irwandi Yusuf refused to sign the bylaw, thereby keeping it a law without legal force and, in some views, therefore still a law "draft", rather than actual law. In March 2013, the Aceh government removed the stoning provision from its own draft of a new criminal code.
Iraq.
In 2007, Du'a Khalil Aswad, a Yazidi girl, was stoned by her fellow tribesmen in northern Iraq.
Iran.
The Iranian judiciary officially placed a moratorium on stoning in 2002. In 2005, judiciary spokesman Jamal Karimirad stated, "in the Islamic republic, we do not see such punishments being carried out", further adding that if stoning sentences were passed by lower courts, they were overruled by higher courts and "no such verdicts have been carried out." In 2008, the judiciary decided to fully scrap the punishment from the books in legislation submitted to parliament for approval. In early 2013, Iranian parliament published official report about excluding stoning from penal code and it accused Western media for spreading "noisy propaganda" about the case. On April 2013 it was announced that stoning remains on the criminal code of Iran after the Guardian Council had reviewed and rejected the law draft to scrap the punishment.
Mali.
In July 2012, a couple who had sex outside marriage was stoned to death by Islamists in the town of Aguelhok in northern Mali.
Nigeria.
Since the Sharia legal system was introduced in the predominantly Muslim north of Nigeria in 2000, more than a dozen Nigerian Muslims have been sentenced to death by stoning for sexual offences ranging from adultery to homosexuality. However, none of these sentences has actually been carried out. They have either been thrown out on appeal or commuted to prison terms as a result of pressure from human rights groups.
Pakistan.
Stonings in Pakistan, while rare, are relatively not that uncommon especially in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA). In March 2013, Pakistani soldier Anwar Din, stationed in Parachinar, was publicly stoned to death for allegedly having a romantic affair with a girl from a village in the country's north western Kurram Agency. On 11 July 2013, Arifa Bibi, a young mother of two, was sentenced by a tribal court in Dera Ghazi Khan District, in Punjab, to be stoned to death for possessing a cell phone. Members of her family were ordered to execute her sentence and her body was buried in the desert far away from her village.
Saudi Arabia, Sudan.
Stonings, with and without legal proceedings, have been reported in Sudan and Saudi Arabia.
In May 2012, a Sudanese court convicted Intisar Sharif Abdallah of adultery and sentenced her to death; the charges were appealed and dropped two months later. In July 2012, a criminal court in Khartoum, Sudan, sentenced 23-year-old Layla Ibrahim Issa Jumul to death by stoning for adultery. Amnesty International reported that she was denied legal counsel during the trial and was convicted only on the basis of her confession. The organization designated her a prisoner of conscience, "held in detention solely for consensual sexual relations", and lobbied for her release.
Somalia.
In October 2008, a girl, Aisha Ibrahim Duhulow, was buried up to her neck at a Somalian football stadium, then stoned to death in front of more than 1,000 people. The stoning occurred after she had allegedly pleaded guilty to adultery in a sharia court in Kismayo, a city controlled by Islamist insurgents. According to the insurgents she had stated that she wanted sharia law to apply. However, other sources state that the victim had been crying, that she begged for mercy and had to be forced into the hole before being buried up to her neck in the ground. Amnesty International later learned that the girl was in fact 13 years old and had been arrested by al-Shabab militia after she had reported being gang-raped by three men.
In December 2009, another instance of stoning was publicised after Mohamed Abukar Ibrahim was accused of adultery by the Hizbul Islam militant group.
Views.
Support for stoning.
A survey carried out by the Indonesia Survey Institute found that 43% of Indonesians support "Rajam" or stoning for adulterers.
A survey conducted by the Pew Research Center found relatively widespread popular support for stoning as a punishment for adultery in Egypt (82% of respondents in favor of the punishment), Jordan (70% in favor), Indonesia (42% in favor), Pakistan (82% favor) and Nigeria (56% in favor).
Groups against stoning.
Stoning has been condemned by several human rights organizations. Some groups, such as Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch, oppose all capital punishment, including stoning. Other groups, such as RAWA (Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan), or the International Committee against Stoning (ICAS), oppose stoning "per se" as an especially cruel practice.
Specific sentences of stoning, such as the Amina Lawal case, have often generated international protest. Groups such as Human Rights Watch, while in sympathy with these protests, have raised a concern that the Western focus on stoning as an especially "exotic" or "barbaric" act distracts from what they view as the larger problems of capital punishment. They argue that the "more fundamental human rights issue in Nigeria is the dysfunctional justice system."
In Iran, the Stop Stoning Forever Campaign was formed by various women's rights activists after a man and a woman were stoned to death in Mashhad in May 2006. The campaign's main goal is to legally abolish stoning as a form of punishment for adultery in Iran.
Cases of stoning or attempts at stoning.
People stoned in religious texts.
In the Tanakh (Old Testament):
In the New Testament:
In the Talmud
People who were almost stoned in religious texts.
In the Tanakh and Old Testament:
In the New Testament:

</doc>
<doc id="19186822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186822" title="Bonnie Honig">
Bonnie Honig

Bonnie Honig is a political, feminist, and legal theorist specialized in democratic theory. In 2013-14, she becomes Nancy Duke Lewis Professor-Elect of Modern Culture and Media and Political Science at Brown University, succeeding Anne Fausto-Sterling in the Chair in 2014-15. Honig was formerly Sarah Rebecca Roland Professor of Political Science at Northwestern University and Research Professor at the American Bar Foundation. She received her PhD from Johns Hopkins University, an MSc from LSE, and her undergraduate degree from Concordia University in Montreal. 
In April 2013, Honig delivered the “Thinking Out Loud” Lectures in Sydney, Australia. In the lectures, entitled “Public Things,” Honig draws on D.W. Winnicott and Hannah Arendt to conceptualize the importance of public things to democratic life.
Honig's most recent book is "Antigone, Interrupted" (2013, Cambridge University Press). In 2012, her previous book, "Emergency Politics: Paradox, Law, Democracy (Princeton University Press, 2009)" was awarded the David Easton Prize. Also in 2012, she won the Okin-Young Award in Feminist Political Theory for "Ismene's Forced Choice: Sacrifice and Sorority in Sophocles' Antigone."
Honig taught at Harvard University for several years before moving to Northwestern University. The 1997 decision by then-President of Harvard Neil Rudenstine not to offer Honig tenure was highly controversial, and attracted harsh criticism from a number of prominent Harvard professors as a violation of Rudenstine's stated commitment to increasing the number of tenured female professors.
Research.
Professor Honig is most well known in political theory for her advocacy of a contestatory conception of democratic politics, also known as agonism. In her book "Political Theory and the Displacement of Politics" (Cornell, 1993, awarded the 1994 Foundations of Political Thought Book Prize for best first book in political theory), she develops this notion through critiques of consensual conceptions of democracy. Arguing that every political settlement engenders remainders to which it cannot fully do justice, she draws on Nietzsche and Arendt, among others, to bring out the emancipatory potential of political contestation and of the disruption of settled practices. Recognizing, on the other hand, that politics involves the imposition of order and stability, she argues that politics can neither be reduced to consensus, nor to pure contestation, but that these are both essential aspects of politics. 
Her second book, "Democracy and the Foreigner" (Princeton University Press, 2001), aims to illuminate the underestimated role of foreignness in democratic politics, particularly in the (re)founding of democratic communities. In doing so, she aims to shift the question from how to deal with foreigners to “What problems does foreignness solve for us?” This strategy of subverting binary oppositions (such as contestation vs. consensus, foreignness vs. familiarity, decision vs. deliberation, and in her third book "Emergency Politics: Paradox, Law and Democracy" (Princeton University Press, 2009), normality vs. exception) by shifting the question of a well-known debate in order to obtain a new and revealing perspective, recurs throughout her work and the insights that result constitute her distinctive contributions to political theory.
In "Antigone, Interrupted" (Cambridge University Press, 2013), Honig intervenes in the recent turn to mourning and lamentation in political theory and cultural studies. By way of a rereading of Sophocles' tragedy, she counters the privileging of mortality and vulnerability as part of an anti-sovereign politics. Instead, Honig offers an “agonistic humanism” that stresses equality in life, not death, and an activist politics of counter-sovereignty. 

</doc>
<doc id="19186839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186839" title="Francis Plowden (barrister)">
Francis Plowden (barrister)

Francis Plowden (b. at Shropshire, 8 June 1749; d. at Paris, 4 January 1819) was an English Jesuit, barrister and writer.
Life.
He was the son of William Plowden of Plowden Hall. He was educated at St. Omer's College and entered the Jesuit novitiate at Watten in 1766. 
When the Society was suppressed, he was teaching at the College at Bruges. Not being in holy orders he was, by the terms of suppression, relieved of his first vows, and soon afterwards married Dorothea, daughter of George Phillips of Carnarvonshire. 
He entered the Middle Temple and practiced as a conveyancer, the only department of the legal profession open to Catholics under the Penal Laws. After the relief Act of 1791 he was called to the Bar. His first major work, "Jura Anglorum", appeared in 1792, a conservative formulation of natural rights and contract theory. It was attacked in a pamphlet by his brother Robert Plowden, a priest under the title of "A Roman Catholic Clergyman". The book was so highly thought of that the University of Oxford presented him with the honorary degree of D.C.L., a unique distinction for a Catholic of those days. 
His improvidence, extreme views, and intractable disposition made his life a troubled one. Having fallen out with the Lord Chancellor, he ceased to practice at the bar and devoted himself to writing. While in Dublin (1811) he published his work "Ireland since the Union" which lead to a prosecution on the part of the Government for libel, resulting in a verdict of £5000 damages. Plowden considered that this was rewarded by a packed jury and determined not to pay it. He escaped to Paris where he spent the remaining years of his life in comparative poverty as a professor at the Scots College.
Works.
His "Historical Review of the state of Ireland" (1803) was written at the request of the Government; but it was too outspoken a condemnation to meet their views, and was attacked by Richard Musgrave in the "Historical Review" and also by the "British Critic". Plowden answered by a "Posthumous Preface" giving an account of his communications with Henry Addington, 1st Viscount Sidmouth, and also by a "Historical Letter" to Sir Richard Musgrave. 
His "Historical Letters" to Sir John Coxe Hippisley (1815) contained matter connected with the question of Catholic emancipation. His other works are: 

</doc>
<doc id="19186844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186844" title="Gerrardina">
Gerrardina

Gerrardina is a genus of two species of trees, shrubs, and scrambling shrubs found in southeastern Africa. Until recently, the genus was placed in the polyphyletic family Flacourtiaceae, but it was abnormal there due to its apical placentation, small embryos, and mucilaginous foliar epidermis. Analyses of DNA data indicated that the genus did not fit in any known plant family and not clearly in any then-recognized order, and a new family, Gerrardinaceae, was thus created for it. Later analyses of additional DNA data and data from wood anatomy indicated that the family should be placed in the order Huerteales.

</doc>
<doc id="19186857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186857" title="OSAMI-D">
OSAMI-D

The aim of the international project OSAMI is the design of a basic, widely applicable SOA-oriented component platform, its development, test and its provision as open source software. The project consists of a number of national subprojects, each focussing on a certain field of application. The German subproject OSAMI-D, funded by the BMBF, the German ministry of education and research, under reference number 01 IS 08003, contributes to the e-Health domain. The main objectives are interoperability, maintainability, reliability, as well as automated configuration and management of medical devices and services to provide new forms of healthcare to diseased and convalescent people. The advantages of these technical contributions will be demonstrated by means of an e-Health application which supports ambulant cardiologic rehabilitation.<br>
The software component platform specified by the OSGi Alliance forms the technical basis of the OSAMI platform. It provides lifecycle management for software components as well as local service interactions as defined in service-oriented architectures and will be combined with the Web Services approach, in particular DPWS / WS4D in order to implement distributed, dynamically configurable, vendor-neutral and device-independent solutions.
General information.
The main objective of OSAMI is to connect technologically vertical markets on the basis of open source components and, hence, to facilitate the market entry for small and medium-sized enterprises (SME). 

</doc>
<doc id="19186858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186858" title="Kailua, Hawaii">
Kailua, Hawaii

Kailua is the name of the following places in the U.S. state of Hawaii:

</doc>
<doc id="19186862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186862" title="Bhimkund">
Bhimkund

Bhimkund is a Natural water tank and a holy place in India. Bhimkund is located near Bajna village in Chhatarpur district and its 77km away from the district headquarters. To reach Bhimkund take the road from Chhatarpur to Bijawar and from Bijawar take the road to Bajna village. The water of this tank is fully transparent. The tank is believed to have measureless depth.Locals say, water level of Bhimkund soar about 30 meters when last Tsunami hit in 2004.
Description.
About 40 Kms.from Karanjia, near Booring village in Thakurmunda P.S. is the sacred pool BHIMKUND" in the river Vaitarani. The legend reveals that Bhima, the second Pandava used to take his bath in this pool when the Pandavas were passing their incognito life in Birat Nagar, said to be the present Kaptipada. Here river Vaitarani flows through a gorge in steps forming a series of picturesque rapids until it settles down in the pool called "BHIMKUND". It is encircled by precipitous stone wall. During Makar Festival in the month of January thousands of people gather here to take their holy dip. The place can also be approached from Dhenkikote (20 Kms.) on S.H. No 11 connecting Keonjhar and Panikoili. The place is ideal for picnickers.
Myth about Bhimkund.
Great Hindu epic Mahabharata links Bhimkund with Pandavas. Tired and weary under the hot scorching sun, Draupadi fainted of thirst. Bhim, the strongest of the five brothers, hit the ground with his gada (a kind of club with a round head, made of metal) and lo and behold, water surged out and the pool came into being. 
The kund lies in an underground cave and is about 30m from the mouth. To the left of the entrance is a small Shivalinga (the phallic representation of Lord Shiva) But what’s truly astounding here is that the roof of the cave has a small opening just above the kund as this is the spot Bhim is said to have hit with his gada. The depth of this pool is believed to be measureless.
The pool is a lovely indigo blue which contrasts well with the red stone walls. There are some caves around it but no one has been adventurous enough to find out where they lead. There is something mysterious and exciting about this place, so much so that one almost tends to believe the pool’s epic origin.
Another Legend Associated To Kund.
Another legend has it that Narad Muni (the Sage Narad) performed the Gandharva Gayan (celestial song) in praise of Lord Vishnu. Pleased with his devotion, Vishnu emerged from the kund and the water turned blue because of Vishnu’s dark complexion. No wonder then that the pool is also known as Neel Kund (Blue pool) and Narad Kund (after the sage).
Gurukul - Residential School.
A stone’s throw from the kund is a gurukul (the Hindu equivalent of a residential school where students live with the guru and his family till the age of 25) called Shrinarayan Sanskrit Vidyalaya with a strength of 80 students.
After finishing their studies they migrate to Vrindavan (in Mathura, Uttar Pradesh) for further studies. Surprisingly the students are provided with a dish antennae but their TV viewing is restricted to religious serials and programmes alone. Even the students themselves are not tempted to watch other programs as they feel that it would ruin their concentration.

</doc>
<doc id="19186875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186875" title="Rodgers Kola">
Rodgers Kola

Rodgers Kola (born 4 July 1989 in Lusaka) is a Zambian footballer who plays for Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona and the Zambian national team. He is a versatile forward who is usually deployed on the wing.
Club career.
He signed for Russia's PFC Spartak Nalchik in July 2008 but could not link up with his team mates in Russia due to visa problems. Because of this, he returned to Zanaco in Zambia.
Kola successfully scored 2 goals at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup and caught the eye of many European Clubs. He also scored 2 goals in a practice match against Zambia National U-20 Football team and another 2 against a German side in another practice match.
In 2009, He moved to Israel to play in Hapoel Bnei Lod who plays in the second division in Israel, a year later he moved to Hapoel Ironi Rishon LeZion from the same division.
In 2011, he started playing for the Israelian team Ashdod FC. Over there, he scored 7 goals in 31 games.
On 8. May 2012, it was announced that Kola would start playing in Belgium for the team K.A.A. Gent.
International career.
He already played 13 gamed in the team of the African Cup of Nations 2012-winner Zambia, in which he scored 3 times.

</doc>
<doc id="19186894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186894" title="European Championship Tour 2003">
European Championship Tour 2003

The 2003 European Championship Tour (or the 2003 European Beach Volleyball Tour) was the European beach volleyball tour for 2003. This was the first year of the European Championship Tour.
The 2003 tour consisted of three tournaments with both genders, including the 2003 Championship Final.

</doc>
<doc id="19186899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186899" title="Gay pornography">
Gay pornography

Gay pornography is the representation of sexual activity between males. Its primary goal is sexual arousal in its audience. Softcore gay pornography also exists; it at one time constituted the genre, and may be produced as beefcake pornography for heterosexual female and homosexual male consumption.
Although pornography has usually focused on heterosexuality, due to the prevalence of the heterosexual orientation, explicit gay material has a long history as well, which reaches back to Greek antiquity, if not to prehistory. Every medium has been used to represent sexual acts between men. However, gay pornography in the modern world is mostly concentrated in the making of home videos (including DVDs), cable broadcast and emerging video on demand and wireless markets, as well as images and movies for viewing on the Internet.
History.
Early modern in the United States.
Homoeroticism has been present in photography and film since their invention. During much of that time, any sexual depiction had to remain underground because of obscenity laws. In particular, gay material might constitute evidence of an illegal act under sodomy laws in many jurisdictions. This is no longer the case in the United States, since such laws were ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court in 2003 in Lawrence v. Texas.
However, hardcore pornographic motion pictures ("stag films," as they were called prior to their legalization in 1970) were produced relatively early in the history of film. The first known pornographic film appears to have been made in Europe in 1908. The earliest known film to depict hardcore gay (and bisexual) sexual activity was the French film "Le ménage moderne du Madame Butterfly", produced and released in 1920. Most historians consider the first American stag film to be "A Free Ride,", produced and released in 1915. But in the United States, hardcore gay sexual activity did not make it onto film until 1929's "The Surprise of a Knight."
Legal restrictions meant that early hardcore gay pornography was underground and that commercially available gay pornography primarily consisted of pictures of individual men either fully naked or wearing a G-string. Pornography in the 1940s and 1950s focused on athletic men or bodybuilders in statuesque poses. They were generally young, muscular, and with little or no visible body hair. These pictures were sold in physique magazines, also known as beefcake magazines, allowing the reader to pass as a fitness enthusiast.
The Athletic Model Guild (AMG), founded by photographer Bob Mizer in 1945 in Los Angeles, was arguably the first studio to commercially produce material specifically for gay men and published the first magazine known as "Physique Pictorial" in 1951. Tom of Finland drawings are featured in many issues. Mizer produced about a million images, and thousands of films and videos before he died on May 12, 1992. During the late 1960s and early 1970s, the advent of 16 mm film cameras enabled these photographers to produce underground movies of gay sex, male masturbation, or both. Sales of these products were either by mail-order or through more discreet channels. Some of the early gay pornographers would travel around the country selling their photographs and films out of their hotel rooms, with advertising only through word of mouth and magazine ads.
The 1960s were also a period where many underground art film makers integrated suggestive or overtly gay content in their work. Kenneth Anger's "Scorpio Rising" (1963), Andy Warhol's "Blow Job" (1964) and "My Hustler" (1965), or Paul Morrissey's "Flesh" (1968) are examples of experimental films that are known to have influenced further gay pornographic films with their formal qualities and narratives. Tyler Gajewski is a noted actor and model of the period who appeared in Warhol's and Morrissey's films, as well as in Mizer's work at the AMG. Also of note is Joe Dallesandro, who acted in hardcore gay pornographic films in his early 20s, posed nude for Francesco Scavullo, Bruce of L.A. and Bob Mizer, and later acted for Warhol in films such as "Flesh". Dallesandro was well-known to the public. In 1969 "Time" magazine called him one of the most beautiful people of the 1960s, and he graced the cover of "Rolling Stone" magazine in April 1971. Dallesandro even appeared on the cover of The Smiths' eponymous debut album, "The Smiths."
Sexual revolution.
During the 1960s, a series of United States Supreme Court rulings created a more liberalized legal environment that allowed the commercialization of pornography. "MANual Enterprises v. Day", 370 U.S. 478 (1962) was the first decision by the United States Supreme Court which held that magazines consisting largely of photographs of nude or near-nude male models are not obscene within the meaning of . It was the first case in which the Court engaged in plenary review of a Post Office Department order holding obscene matter "nonmailable." The case is notable for its ruling that photographs of nude men are not obscene, an implication which opened up the U.S. Postal Service to nude male pornographic magazines, especially those catering to gay men.
Wakefield Poole's "Boys in the Sand", starring Casey Donovan, can be considered one of the first gay pornography feature films, along with the works of filmmakers such as Pat Rocco and the Park Theatre, Los Angeles, California, circa 1970. "Boys in the Sand" opened in a theater in New York City in December 1971 and played to a packed house with record breaking box office receipts, preceding "Deep Throat", the first commercial straight pornography film in America, which opened in June 1972. This success launched gay pornographic film as a popular phenomenon.
The production of gay pornography films expanded during the 1970s. A few studios released films for the growing number of gay adult movie theatres, where men could also have sexual encounters. Often, the films reflected the sexual liberation that gay men were experiencing at the time, depicting the numerous public spaces where men engaged in sex: bathhouses, sex clubs, beaches, etc.
Peter Berlin's 1973 film "Nights in Black Leather" was the first major pornographic film designed to appeal to the gay leather subculture and drew some mainstream gays into this culture.
The 1960s and 1970s also saw the rise of gay publishing with After Dark and Michael's Thing. During this time many more magazines were founded, including "In Touch" and "Blueboy." "Playgirl", ostensibly produced for women, was purchased and enjoyed by gay men and feature full frontal nudity (the posing straps and fig leaves were removed).
1980s.
The 1980s were a period of transition for gay pornography film. The proliferation of VCRs made pornography videos easily accessible, and, as their prices fell, the market for home videos aimed at adult viewers became more and more lucrative. By the mid-1980s, the standard was to release pornography movies directly on video, which meant the wide disappearance of pornography theaters. Furthermore, video recording being more affordable, a multitude of producers entered the market, making low-budget pornography videos.
This shift from watching pornography as a public activity to doing so in private was also influenced by the discovery of HIV and the subsequent AIDS crisis. Public spaces for sex, such as theatres, became less attended when in the early 1980s it became a much riskier behavior. Masturbatory activities in the privacy of the home became a safe sex practice in the midst of this health crisis.
Gay movies of the 1970s had contained some exploration of novel ways to represent the sexual act. In the 1980s, by contrast, all movies seemed to be made under an unwritten set of rules and conventions. Most scenes would start with a few lines of dialogue, have performers engage in foreplay (fellatio), followed by anal penetration, and ending with a visual climax close-up of ejaculating penises, called a "money shot" or "cum shot." Video technology allowed the recording of longer scenes than did the costly film stock. Scenes were often composed of extended footage of the same act filmed from different shots using multiple cameras. The quality of the picture and sound were often very poor.
Major directors such as Matt Sterling, Eric Peterson, John Travis, and William Higgins set the standard for the models of the decade. The performers they cast were especially young, usually appearing to be around the ages of 22 or 23. Their bodies were slender and hairless, of the "swimmer's build" type, which contrasted with the older, bigger, and hairier man of the 1970s' gay pornography. Performer roles also evolved into the tight divisions of "tops" and "bottoms". The "top" in anal sex is the penetrating partner, who, in these films, typically have a more muscular body and the larger penis. The "bottom," or receiver of anal sex, in the films is often smaller and sometimes more effeminate. The stars of the decade were almost always tops, while the bottoms were interchangeable (with the exception of Joey Stefano, a popular star, who was more of a "bottom.")
This strict division between "tops" and "bottoms" may have reflected a preference by some of the popular directors of the decade to hire heterosexual men for their movies. Heterosexual men who perform gay sex for monetary reasons (commonly labeled "gay-for-pay") are considered a rare commodity in the gay sex trade, but the biggest producers of the decade could afford them. Many critics attributed the conventionalization of gay pornography of the 80s to this trend.
1990s.
The gay pornography industry diversified steadily during the 1990s.
In 1989, director Kristen Bjorn started a pornographic business which was considered as setting a standard for gay pornography producers. He was a professional photographer, and the images in his videos were considered to be of high-quality. As a former porn star himself, he directed his models with care, which helped improved the actors' believability. Other directors had to improve their technical quality to keep up with demands from their audiences.
Another significant change during this decade was the explosion of the niche market. Many videos began to be produced for viewers with specific tastes (i.e. for amateur pornography, military (men in uniform) pornography, transsexual performers, bondage fetishes, performers belonging to specific ethnic groups, etc.), and this led to a diversification of the people involved in pornography production and consumption.
The gay pornography industry grew substantially in popularity during the 1990s, evolving into a complex and interactive subculture. Professional directors (such as Chi Chi LaRue and John Rutherford), technicians or deck operators during the U-matic phase of video technology, and performers started to engage in pornography as a career, their work sustained by emerging pornographic media and influential critics, such as Mikey Skee.
21st century.
In the 21st century, gay pornography has become a highly profitable enterprise, ranging from the "straight-guy" pornography of Active Duty and Sean Cody, to the 'twinks' of Bel Ami. Many niche genres and online delivery sites cater to various and changing interests. For instance much of Van Darkholme's work contains bondage and particularly shibari, the Japanese art of bondage and knot-tying, a specialty within BDSM cultures.
On the other hand, Lucas Kazan Productions successfully adapted literary classics: is based on two
novels by Boccaccio, The Innkeeper on Goldoni's La Locandiera. Lucas Kazan also found inspiration in 19th and 20th century operas,
combining gay porn and melodrama: The School for Lovers, 2007 GayVN Award Winner for Best Foreign Picture, is in fact inspired by Mozart's Così fan tutte.
Some controversy currently exists regarding studios that produce bareback videos (videos of sexual penetration by the penis without a condom). Mainstream companies, such as Falcon Entertainment, Hot House Entertainment, Channel 1 Releasing, Lucas Entertainment, Raging Stallion Studios, Lucas Kazan Productions and Titan Media and LGBT health advocates assert that condomless videos promote unsafe sex and contribute to the HIV/AIDS pandemic, both in the pornography industry and in the gay community as a whole. The controversy dates back to the first few years of the HIV crisis, when nearly all gay pornography production companies voluntarily required their models to wear condoms for anal sex.
The premise of industry figures, notably Chi Chi LaRue, is that gay pornography serves as a leading forum for teaching safer sex skills and modelling healthy sexual behaviors. At least one bareback studio agrees that porn should promote healthy sexual behaviors, but disagrees on the definition of "healthy" in this context: speaking about the AIDS crisis, Treasure Island Media owner and founder Paul Morris has expressed his belief that, "To a great extent, the current gay mindset surrounding HIV is a result of a generation of men living with PTSD and not getting the support and help they need now that the war is over. [...] As a pornographer, all I can do in response is to produce work that features men who are openly positive (or negative) and happily living their lives honestly and fully."
Audience.
In August 2005, adult star Jenna Jameson launched "Club Thrust", an interactive website featuring gay male pornographic videos, which was shown to attract a female audience as well. Yaoi comic books and slash fiction are both genres featuring gay men, but primarily written by and for straight women. Some lesbian and bisexual women are also fans of gay male pornography, specifically yaoi, for its feminine-styled men. An analysis by Mother Jones found that Pakistan leads the world in gay porn searching on the internet.
Notable movies.
1970s.
</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="19186901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186901" title="Harry Messel">
Harry Messel

Harry Messel AC CBE (born 3 March 1922) is a retired Australian physicist and educator.
Messel was born in Canada of Ukrainian parents. He was brought up in Levine Siding in Manitoba and attended Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario. During the Second World War he served as a paratrooper with the Canadian Forces.
Messel moved to Australia in 1951. He lectured in mathematical physics at the University of Adelaide 1951-52, before being appointed in 1952 as Professor of Physics and Head of the School of Physics at the University of Sydney, a position he held for 35 years until his retirement in 1987. In 1952 he established the Nuclear Research Foundation, later known as the Science Foundation for Physics name=SoP>[http://www.physics.usyd.edu.au/about/history.shtml University of Sydney: History of the School of Physics</ref>
Messel was also Chancellor and CEO of Bond University 1992-1997.
In 1962, Professor Messel started the International Science School (ISS), which aims to encourage scientifically capable and interested students in their final two years of school to extend their knowledge and apply it to achieve progress. He has frequently stated his discontent when sportsmen were praised and hailed whereas the next generation of scientists to change and run the world were given little to no encouragement. Over the past 51 years, over 4000 scholars have attended the ISS. For the past few years, the program has run once every two years with close to 150 students from up to 10 countries staying at the Women's College for two weeks, attending lectures and participating in activities around the University of Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="19186911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186911" title="Kiran Shah">
Kiran Shah

Kiran Shah (born September 28, 1956) is an actor and a stuntman.
Shah was born in Nairobi, Kenya. He lived in Kenya until he was twelve years old, when he moved to India with his family. While living in India, he became interested in films, and when his family moved to London, he became involved in the show business. His first film was the 1977 movie "Candleshoe", as a stand-in for a girl called Sara Tamakuni, and when stunt coordinator Bob Anderson asked him to do her stunts as well, his career was started.
Kiran is often confused with Deep Roy; they are both dwarf Kenyan actors of Indian descent who got their starts in film and television in the late 70s. Although he is most well known for being the world's shortest stuntman according to the Guinness book of World Records, he has appeared as an actor in 31 films, compared to his 37 as stuntman or body double.
Stand-in, Stunt, and Background Work.
He has been in several blockbuster movies since, such as "Superman" (1978), "Superman II" (1980), "The Dark Crystal" (1982), "" (1983), "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom" (1984), "Legend" (1985), "Aliens" (1986), "The Sign of Four" (1987), "Braveheart" (1995), and "Titanic" (1997) where he stunt doubled all the children in the film. 
He has appeared as a stunt double or stand-in in all 6 " Peter Jackson Lord of the Rings films" movies. He was the scale double for Elijah Wood as Frodo. He doubled Bilbo Baggins as played by both Martin Freeman (in ', ', and ') and Ian Holm ('). He is one of only 3 actors to play the titular character in Peter Jackson's Hobbit trilogy.
Character Work.
The most featured of these was as"," where he played Ginarrbrik. He also portrayed an aboriginee in a Sherlock Holmes film, "The Sign of Four". A favorite movie role is when he played the monster who came out of a painting and attacked Natasha Richardson in the 1987 film "Gothic". In addition to doubling for Martin Freeman as Bilbo, "" he also appeared as the Goblin Scribe.
Poetry.
In addition to being an actor and a stuntman, Kiran is also a poet. His poetry has been published in Great Britain and the U.S., and is based on his personal thoughts, feelings, and experiences.

</doc>
<doc id="19186919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186919" title="Rudolf Trenkel">
Rudolf Trenkel

Rudolf Trenkel (17 January 1918 – 26 April 2001) was a German World War II Luftwaffe 138 victories Flying ace and recipient of the coveted Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Rudolf Trenkel served in Jagdgeschwader 52 (JG 52) during the Battle of Britain. From February to June 1942 he was assigned to Jagdgeschwader 77 (JG 77) only to be transferred back to JG 52, taking command of the 2nd Staffel. In 1944 he was forced to bail out five times within ten days. After the capitulation he was taken prisoner of war by US forces only to be turned over to the Red Army.

</doc>
<doc id="19186935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186935" title="Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge">
Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge

The Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge (), initially named the Third Bosphorus Bridge, is a project to construct a suspension bridge over the Bosphorus, north of two existing bridges in Istanbul, Turkey.
The bridge will be situated between Garipçe in Sarıyer on the European side and Poyrazköy in Beykoz on the Asian side. The foundation stone laying ceremony was held on May 29, 2013.
Project.
The bridge is part of the projected long "Northern Marmara Motorway" (), which will bypass urban areas of Istanbul in the north connecting Kınalı, Silivri in the west and Paşaköy, Hendek in the east. The wide bridge will be in length with a main span of . The main span of the bridge will be 8th longest among suspension bridges in the world.
Designed by French engineer Michel Virlogeux and by Jean-François Klein from T-ingénierie (a Geneva-based company) the bridge will be a combined road-rail bridge. It will carry four motorway lanes and one railway line in each direction. The construction is being carried out by a consortium of the Turkish company İçtaş and the Italian company Astaldi that won the bid on May 30, 2012. The budgeted cost of the bridge's construction is 4.5 billion (approximately US$2.5 billion as of March 2013). The construction was originally expected to be completed in 36 months with the opening date scheduled for the end of 2015. On 29 May, 2013 Erdoğan directed the construction management team to finish the construction within 24 months, and projected an opening date for May 29, 2015.
When completed, the Third Bosphorus Bridge will be the longest combined motorway/railway bridge of the world and the world's ninth longest suspension bridge. The bridge toll is set to be US$3.00 (approximately 6.70 as of February 2014) between the motorway exits Odayeri and Paşaköy. It is expected that at least 135,000 vehicles will use the bridge in each direction.
Minister of Transport and Communication Binali Yıldırım stated that of the total area to be socialized for the bridge project 9.57% is currently private property, 75.24% is forested land, and the remaining 15.19% is already state-owned land.
Construction history.
Plans for a third Bosphorous bridge were approved by the Ministry of Transportation in 2012. The construction of the project was awarded to the İçtaş-Astaldi consortium on May 29, 2012. 
The construction of the bridge began officially with the foundation stone laying in a ceremony held on May 29, 2013, the anniversary day of the conquest of Costantinople in 1453. The ceremony was attended by State President Abdullah Gül, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and numerous high-ranked officials. Erdoğan directed the construction management team to complete construction within 24 months, and set the opening date for May 29, 2015. 
Work was halted in July 2013 when it became evident that the site was mislocated- but only after the removal of thousands of trees. The action, announced in paperwork filed for a plan change written by State Highways Directorate Director-General Mehmet Cahit Turhan on June 11, 2013, reads "it is appropriate to cancel the current construction plan due to the necessity of making a revision, which resulted from changes of the route project". Both the ministry and the construction company have denied any change to construction site location.
Land prices in the northern, less urbanized areas on both sides of the Bosphorus are already soaring in expectation of an urbanization boom thanks to the new cross-water connection, according to "Ekumenopolis", a documentary film of 2010 about the area. The efficacy of the proclaimed goal of easing traffic congestion has been challenged, claiming that the project is little more than a contrivance to open for development lands that had been long protected by law. The green areas and wetlands in question, producing most of the drinking water for the city, are considered by many to be essential for Istanbul's ecological and economic sustainability, and a possible pollution of the groundwater would provoke the collapse of the city. In 1995, then mayor of Istanbul Erdogan declared that a third bridge would be “murder would mean the murder of the city".
Naming.
The name of the bridge was announced by State President Abdullah Gül at the ground-breaking ceremony as the "Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge", in honor of Ottoman Sultan Selim I (1465–1520). The choice of name of the bridge led to protests by Alevis in Turkey because of the role of Sultan Selim I, nicknamed "the Grim" due to his cruelty, in the Ottoman persecution of Alevis. In 1514, Selim I ordered the massacre of 40,000 Anatolian Alevites ("Qizilbash"), whom he considered heretics, reportedly proclaiming that "the killing of one Alevite had as much otherworldly reward as killing 70 Christians".
Masum Türker, leader of the Democratic Left Party, suggested that given Selim's role in establishing the Sunni character of the Ottoman Empire, the naming of the bridge (announced with both President and Prime Minister present) was especially significant, saying that the naming was "a declaration of state taking sides the Sunni-Shiite conflict in the Middle East ... an outright challenge Turkey on Iran, Iraq and Syria". He said the name would be divisive within Turkey, upsetting not only Alevis but also more secular non-Alevis, and said the name would have to be changed sooner or later.

</doc>
<doc id="19186947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186947" title="Barbara Stager">
Barbara Stager

Barbara Stager (born October 30, 1948) is an American woman who was convicted in 1989 of murdering her husband, Russell Stager, in 1988. Stager is also suspected of the earlier murder of her first husband, Larry Ford, who died in nearly identical circumstances.
Murder.
At 6:08 a.m. on 1 February 1988, the police in Durham, North Carolina got a call from Mrs. Stager, reporting that her husband had been shot. She told the responding officers that her husband kept a handgun under his pillow when he slept, and that she must have touched it as she stirred in her sleep, causing it to discharge and kill Mr. Stager. At first the police accepted this account and ruled the incident an accidental shooting. According to shocked friends, coworkers and family members, Barbara was a devoted wife, mother, and Christian.
Jo Lynn Snow, Stager's first wife whom he divorced to marry Barbara, is credited with providing continuing evidence of Barbara's spendthrift and adulterous ways as well as the similar death of her first husband. Attorney Eric Evenson was also convinced of Barbara's evil nature, and piecing together the puzzle and determining that Mrs. Stager was guilty of murder
At the conclusion of her trial for first-degree murder on 30 August 1989, the jury deliberated for 44 minutes to reach a guilty verdict, and Stager was sentenced to death the next day. In such cases the matter is automatically reviewed by a higher court; in this case the death sentence was changed to life imprisonment (now being carried out at the North Carolina Department of Corrections) due to a technicality in the first proceeding. Stager was given the possibility of parole in 20 years as required by law.
Aftermath.
Barbara Stager had a parole hearing in March 2009. She was denied parole at that time and given a new parole review date for 2012. She is currently incarcerated at the Ralaigh CCW where she was moved in February 2013. Her next parole due date was June 1, 2013.
In media.
"Till Death Do Us Part: The Barbara Stager Story", is a 2003 episode of A&E's "American Justice", which profiled the case. Jerry Bledsoe also wrote a book in 1994 about the case, entitled "Before He Wakes: A True Story of Money, Marriage, Sex and Murder", which was later made into a TV movie in 1998 with the same title starring Jaclyn Smith. A&E's "City Confidential" presented its perspective on the case in the 2003 episode "Durham: Dangerous Housewife". Investigation Discovery's "Deadly Women" portrayed the story in the 2010 "Fortune Hunters" episode and their "" revisited the case in its own "Till Debt Do Us Part," in 2012.

</doc>
